	A welcome retreat in the heart of the city!	Spent 3 nights at the Westin whilst on a trip with a friend. Easy check in and room was available despite being over an hour before the specified check in time. The room was on the 15th floor with partial views of the Hudson. The two heavenly beds were indeed heavenly, affording the best night sleep in any hotel. Noise levels were minimal, room service was excellent (though very expensive) and attention to detail, second to none. All the staff were extremely helpful, courteous and polite and made us feel very welcome. The bathroom was adequate for our needs, the toilet being a little low and the double head shower was amazing. Would definately recommend the westin for a leisure break - the location is excellent for all the sights and shopping that New York has to offer.	
	Great stay in Times Square	Location is excellent, right at the heart of Times Square. The accomodations were what we have come to expect from quality Starwood hotels. We stayed on a package deal of stay two nights , get third night free. Great time. Also, the staff was very pleasant and helpful during our stay.	
	Enjoyed it and will be back	We loved the location and the wonderful service and nice rooms. We have stayed here on our last four trips to New York and we will continue to stay here on our next visit.	
	It was a heavenly stay in a busy city	In my opinion the westin new york at times square is located at the heart of the city. A perfect location that captures the essence of the city within walking distance.Once i enter the hotel, all the noise of the city is gone and i am surrounded by serenity. Nothing tops the heavenly bed! I slept like a baby in there and for the first time during my many and countless nyc visits, i feel like not missing out on anything when i am staying longer in bed in the morning and that is probably a rare situtation for a city that is that vibrant.I enjoyed all my stay there and would always come back. I have also tried other hotels that are part of the starwood program in ny but i just prefer this one best.Until next time, keep up the great standard :)	
	Perfect Location in New York City	We got an amazing rate on Hotwire for two days including Thanksgiving. The hotel is in a perfect location in New York City. It is located at 8th Avenue and 42nd Street, directly across from the Port Authority Bus Terminal. Hotel entrances on 42nd and 43rd Streets make it very convenient. The Westin is steps away from cute restaurants on 8th and 9th Avenues, as well as touristy dining options, attractions, and theaters on streets in the 40s, as well as Times Square. The hotel itself is attached to an entertainment complex called E-Walk that includes a Chevy's, Starbucks, and Regal Cinemas. The hotel lobby is on the second floor, so it is safe and separated from the activity and people at street level. For the Macy's parade, when other people where stopped from getting onto a side street, hotel guests could easily make their way down 43rd Street to watch the parade at 7th Avenue. The view was terrific! The hotel provided us with a list of attractions and Broadway shows open and closed on the holiday, as well as a parade map. The hotel is a super modern 45 story glass tower. Try to stay in a corner room, if possible, for great views of the city.	
	Great Location and a Safe Clean Hotel	We took the train and arrived in NYC at 11:00 a.m. We wanted to go shopping and were afraid we would not be able to check in early. NO PROBLEM!!! The gentleman at check-in was friendly and didn't hassle us a bit about being so early! He let us check in before noon and off we went to spend money in the big apple!	
	Great rooms in a terrific location	The room was very comfortable and larger than the space at comparable hotels. The room was quiet and clean.	
	THE JEWEL OF NYC FOR LOCATION AND EXCELLENCE IN SERVICE	This Manhattan property is ideally situated for visitors to New York City for any reason. It is a short walk to theatres, fine restaurants, Fifth Avenue or Madison Avenue shopping, Central Park and a walk or short cab ride to most museums or attractions in NYC. I have had the pleasure of staying at this property multiple times and consistently have appreciated the wonderful staff of professionals in this hotel that go out of their way to be polite and succeed in meeting guests expectations. No requests of the staff is too tall an order if it is possible to achieve. I am very impressed that the General Manager often stands in the lobby greeting guests and watching first hand how guests are being cared for to make sure that guests are happy from the moment they enter the hotel. The heavenly beds are truly &quot;heavenly&quot; and the bathroom amenities are quite nice. Every employee makes sure they wish you a good day and treat guests with respect. The hotel is unique in that though it has many rooms, it is very manageable by guests and it feels warm and cozy rather than giving a cold impersonal feeling as some large hotels do. It is wonderful to be able to leave a Broadway show and be able not to fight for cabs but to simply walk a short distance and be in your hotel. Though the location is outstanding, the hotel even more than compliments the location.	
	Great Hotel	I come to NYC at Thanksgiving every year and stay at the Westin. It's a great hotel. The rooms are nice, the hotel is quiet and in a great location. Only thing missing in room is a mirror over the desk.	
	Stay here!	From the moment you walk into the Westin Times Square, you are greeted in a friendly manner that makes you feel like you are more than just a guest at the hotel. Everyone i came in contact with was friendly and helpful. The room was wonderful! one side overlooked the street and the other side i could see the Hudson. It was nice. The room was comfy and cozy. One night i was worn out from all of the walking that i had done that i just stayed in and order room service. i sat and ate and looked out at the view. Very nice.	
	A Wonderful Experience	The Westin is perfect for a New York getaway. We got a great a rate, and had an amazing corner room with a view. At reception, Janice was incredibly friendly, professional and made sure I had a feather free room made up for me. The location is great - it connects indoors to a complex that includes a large movie theater, Starbucks, Chevy's Restaurant, and there is a steakhouse and bar at the hotel. The hotel also contains a fitness center and spa. The room was a comfortable size for NYC, and the bed was very comfortable. Altogether, a fantastic stay!	
	Fantastic room - Outstanding service	If you want to be within walking distance to almost everything, the Westin Times Square is the best place to stay. We come for Columbus Day week end every year and enjoy walking to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, even Cenrtal Park. Not to mention restaurants and theaters. We are always warmly greeted. We like to stay on the upper floors and have always gotten a room with a fantastic view. The bed is comfy and the rooms are comfortable. When we've asked for suggestions on where to eat or how to find some location, it hasn't felt like we were inconviencing them. Our only disappointment was that Shula's was closed while we were there.	
	In NY Westin is our ONLY overnight destination!	We found Westin through a bid on Priceline. Since then, we stay at no other hotel! The Westin provides upscale amenities and room decor, but, most importantly to my family, the service of the employees-- from George, the bellman to Robin in reservations. Also, the LOCATION is phenomenal! Within two blocks of most theatres! Westin is... simply, THE BEST!!	
	Best Experience Ever!	This was our first trip to New York and we stayed in two different hotels. We switched to the Westin half way through and they made sure it was an amazing and memorable experience for us! We are Starwood prefered guests so our room was upgraded to the spa room with a massage chair and beautiful views. The hotel is close to everything and just a two minute walk to Times Square. Restaurants are located in the hotel and across the street (there is even a movie theater you can access through the hotel). The hotel is beautiful and so are the rooms, we loved the Westin!	
	Accommodations were very nice although more expensive than I am used to but average in cost for NYC.	Clean, comfortable room. Excellent front desk staff. Great Times Square location. Great conference room area. I was able to take advantage of a Westin Promotion for buy two nights get one night free and that was a great discount.	
	Everything was excellent as expected.	Service was great at every level. The room was clean, smelled good, and was cleaned every time we returned.Access to Times Square and Broadway, perfect.Best was service and Shula's restaurant...	
Nov 26 2009 	Amazing quiet hotel in the middle of everything!	All the Westin associates were helpful and most pleasant. My room was wonderful as well. I booked this hotel for a small group of associates as the events planner for my company. My contacts ahead of time and staff at check in accomodated all my needs and any changes in reservations quickly and correctly. My room was quiet, the beds were amazing and my 4 night stay was great! I would stay here again any time.	
Nov 26 2009 	Westin Times Square.	It was beautiful! But no mini bar! Comfortable bed, hot shower, and we were very high up :)	
Nov 25 2009 	An unexpected glorious experience	This hotel is located about a block from Times Square and easy walking distance from many of the theaters. I was allowed to check in very early without requesting ahead of time. A very courteous bellman helped us to our room. The room was very clean and modern. The bed was, hands down, worth the price of the room. It is the most comfortable bed I think I have ever slept in. The room was also very quiet, even though we were there on Halloween night and things were kicking outside. The bathroom was also modern with good water pressure even on a high floor. The elevators seldom have a wait even though the hotel was pretty crowded and everyone leaves at the same time for dinner and shows. The check in and out process was very efficient, and there are always cabs waiting outside. This was an awesome experience, expensive but worth it in my opinion. My only caveat would be PLAN EARLY. I have tried to stay here before and the hotel has not had availablility on the dates that I wanted.	
Nov 25 2009 	Location staff and amenitites were great!	It is easy access to &amp; from the tunnel. Once you're there, you can walk or take the train to anything you want to see or do. Staff were very knowledgeable and helpful with getting around to see our list of &quot;to-dos&quot; . We will stay there again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Hotel wonderful helpful staff and rooms with breathtaking views.	This a a great hotel if you want to stay in Times Square. It is centrally located to uptown and downtown to the village. The staff is so helpful and the rooms are are updated, comfortable and cozy.	
Nov 25 2009 	Location Location Location!!!	We loved the location and the ease of walking to theaters, shopping, finding Times Square, or grabbing a taxi.  The concierge were excellent in recommendations for dinner. They were also more than willing to take photos of our family and friends that visited us in the hotel lobby.The rooms were neat and cozy, a little too small for my taste, but we wern't there to spend time in the room. When we did, the flat screen TV was outstanding, and of course, enough can't be said about the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great location in the heart of Times Square	Great location for a theater weekend in NYC. Was able to check in earlier than the 3PM stated time. Nice rooms - larger than most NYC hotels.Concierge was very helpful with restaurants.	
Nov 25 2009 	More than I expected!!	exceptional desk staff, courteous staff in general, very polite and willing to help. clean hotel, got my 4am wake up on time etc... greta at the front desk, very very helpful	
Nov 21 2009 	Comfortable Functional 	The room was of a good size, very comfy bed and the inclusion of an Apple Mac in the room was an unexpected bonus ($15/day internet connection though). You have a 1:4 chance of getting a room with the view of the air conditioning systems, which I think has a kind of New York charm about it. While the room was perfectly adequate, the bath tap dripped non stop and the stainless steel sink and fittings felt institutional rather than stylish. I felt the corridoors could do with some attention and redecoration, it was looking a bit shabby in places. Check in was like talking to an automaton, very quick and efficient but devoid of any emotion. All in all a great hotel if you like beige and prefer efficiency over a human touch and a welcoming feel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Service is lacking	Expect to wait a looong time for eveything - valet, security, room service and bell hop. Sigma Six these folks are not. The front desk was not helpful at check-in but conciegre was great. The rooms were clean albiet small. For Amex Platinum cardholders - know that this hotel does not accept the Starwood Gold upgrades.	
Nov 12 2009 	Service not quite up to par	Since I frequently travel East from the West Coast on over-night flights, I have checked into many hotels in NYC in the morning. I was surprised to be advised by the front desk that no rooms available on a Monday morning at 9am, even though the hotel was aware of my early flight arrival. I was told to come back at noon. Having slept for only 4 hrs on the plane and then having to go into the office in the afternoon, this was not welcome news. So, I waited in the lobby for a while. When I went back up to the desk at 10am one last time to check with another attendant, she said that she did have rooms available, but just not with king sized beds. When you arrive early in the morning, you really don't care what sized bed there is, as long as there is a bed. I know that the same room was available an hr earlier but the front desk man had just not thought outside of the box. That was annoying. Things were fine the first night. It was the second day that another bobble happened. The rooms do not have alarm clocks. While this I am sure is an effort to encourage stress free vacations, this is a business hotel. People need know what time it is and there was no clock at all in the room. I relied upon the front desk for wakeup calls. This was fine for the first day, but not the second day. They never called, and since I was not adjusted to East Coast time, I did not wake up until past 11 am, after my scheduled meeting just before checkout time. Luckily it was not after my flight time. I was so annoyed and late that I didn't have an opportunity to complain to the front desk. I would request an alarm clock next time and suggest bringing another one yourself in case they fail to provide one.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Weekend- Excellent position off Times Square	Hotel was great, as expected. Perfect location within 2mins of Times Square so good for a tourist with little time, you are right at the heart of the City. No complaints, food in shula's great. The best caesar salad I have eaten! Would stay there again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Really not worth the money and their star rating!	After a long flight to Newark and transfer to Manhattan arrived at the Westin New York Times Square. As a Starwood Platinum Member normally get upgrades to standard suites, but not at this hotel. The rates are way to high for the too small rooms in this hotel.As well as the executive lounge which had almost nothing to offer. The &quot;breakfast&quot; was nothing more than in a 2 star motel. The service was also not worth more than 2 stars, even in New York. The only good thing about the hotel is its location.	
Nov 9 2009 	Fab Stay at the Westin	Just returned from the Westin after a 4 night stay with my sister and daughter, this was a birthday treat. We were allocated a room on the 34th Floor which had fantastic views of the Hudson River also pretty quiet at night. Beds were so comfortable and room very clean. We found the staff to be very helpful with any enquiries we had. Bought a couple of cocktails in Bar 10 which were very expensive. Location was excellent for theatre and shopping and metro although we tended to walk everywhere. Found some nice places to eat in 9th Ave and not expensive. Went to see the Jersey Boys in the August Wilson Theatre and they were fab would reccomend this show. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone coming to New York and hope to visit again in the near future.	
Nov 8 2009 	A desillusion...	I stayed at the Westin Times Square with my son (31) for three days. We got the room thru Hotwire. For us it was a grear desillusion: it is not definitively a 4 star hotel but a 3 star maximum. The location is in the worst part of Times Square, near 8th Av. that is ugly and dirty, noisy and you only see ugly people around. The room is clean, but the bathroom is not at all from a 4 star hotel (plastic glasses, the shower is old fashioned, the decoration is poor).It was our 4th stay in NYC but this was the worst location of all. If you want to stay in a nice spot of NYC stay between 46th and Central Park, and between 6th and Lexington. Times Square is just to walk around for a while, not a place to stay specially if you choose the west of Broadway where the Westin is.	
Nov 6 2009 	The Westin touch - NYC style	My husband took me to New York for my 30th Birthday. He is a Starwood Member so we were upgraded to a lovely corner room facing the Hudson River. Decor was very modern w/ a vintage edge. I loved the beds ((so comfy --- like all Westins)) .. Our room was very spacious. Great location - still in Times Square-- closer to E-Walk. We had a wonderful stay! The staff was super accommodating. They held our luggage for our later flight even after we checked out. The windows in this hotel are panoramic!!! Perfect after all your walking around the big city. We would definitely stay here in the future!!!!! Thanks WESTIN!	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location. Average for a high price.	One way to evaluate is to write about a hotel a while after return , and to see what trace the place has left in memory. Nothing special about this one. It has left me with little interesting to remember. The room was rather large, both room and bathroom were clean. Nothing in the decoration that is worth mentioning. Just the number of TV channel was impressive. I did not like the lobby area or the conference facilities. Large but cold, and not stylish. The staff was not particularly nice (especially at reception). It is often the case , for what I have experienced, in these large NY hotels. The location is very good (43th and 8av), but there are many hotels in this area. I found the hotel expensive for the experience it offered me.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location - Expensive Room Service	Stayed 2 nights pre-cruise. Hotel is in a fantastic location! We arrived from LGA via SuperShuttle so got to see a bit of the city on the drive in, including the naked cowboy!Check in was a breeze and being SPG Gold, received an upgrade to a corner room on 32nd floor. Booked using cash and points ($90 per night) so stay was quite affordable by NYC standards. As others have said, location is fab, close to Times Square, Theatres and the bus/metro. Starbucks downstairs was a big plus as was the street vendor outside selling dogs and kabobs! Our first night, we were tired from travelling all day and ordered room service. A burger, salad and smoothie was over $70 after $20+ was added in tax, gratuity and service charge - lesson learned. Ouch!On day 2 it was raining so stopped by the front desk to borrow (complimentary) umbrellas which were light blue with a swanky Westin design on them!All in all, a great time was had and this hotel is highly recommended.	
Nov 6 2009 	good hotel perfect location	Stayed in the Westin in October 09 for 7 nights. Room on the 31st floor facing the hudson. It was quieter than I'd expected at night. Hotel room was cleaned daily, service was good. Desk staff were very helpful. This hotel is ideally suited for Times Square and the whole city is easily accessed from the subway round the corner. Overall a clean smart hotel with friendly staff in a perfect location.	
Nov 6 2009 	No Go if a Solo Traveller	I stayed at the hotel for five nights from October 29 2009 having booked it as a holiday for two through a travel agents in January 2009. Unfortunately due to personal circumstances I had to go alone. When I checked in there were numerous questions about why I was travelling alone and that they might have to change the room ...excuse me..?? I have still paid for two people to travel and be in the hotel. I then had to pledge 150 dollars against a credit card just in case I used the hotel facilities etc. Got to my room and the incredible view I'd been told I would see was.......the top of air conditioning units. Room was nice though although nothing really to say about how much things cost i.e. Intranet, coffee, products in the bathroom. Due to the way I had been treated when I checked in I wasn't taking anything for granted that the coffee was free and the products were also. Went to the restaurant for an evening meal...guess what? single person shoved in the corner...hmmm...meal was good though but expensive. Next morning I went to speak to the checkin staff again and was helped by a very very helpful male member of staff. My faith was restored....for a moment...Everytime I left the hotel I would say good morning/afternoon/hello/goodbye to the Security/Porters on the ground floor. Not once did I get a response. I once asked for directions...what a mistake... I went in the bar one evening having been to the theatre, I waited for about ten minutes whilst the barman continued his conversation with some men who were sitting at the bar. He then served somebody else who had come in after me before serving me. I ordered room service one night. The meal was lovely. The next morning I left everything in my room as I'd been told to do. When I came back from my day out the table and left over food was outside my room.....some 15 hours after I had eaten. It was finally taken away about 8pm that evening which was 21 hours after I had finished. The corridor didn't smell very fresh..It was only on my last day that service improved. Very helpful in storing my luggage for me and two of the porters were very helpful in getting me a taxi to the airport...one even carrying my luggage for me to the next block.Good points: a very short walk from times square, very clean, bed was lovely and some of the staff extremely helpful. Great location if you want to go to see one of the many shows.Bad points: Seems not geared for the single traveller, not enough information, always felt as though I had to go back and ask questions and then it was a lottery if you got a member of staff who was in a good mood. Also with room service an automatic gratuity of 18% was added to the bill with it stating that it is distributed equally amongst the staff but you still had to tip the porter that brought it to the room Double whammy me thinks..Love New York but will stay somewhere else next time.	
Nov 5 2009 	fantastic hotel fantastic staff !!	a wonderful place to stay the staff went out of there way to make our stay the best ever, i have travelled to new york before but no other hotels live up to the westin! the rooms where fantasic and clean with great views. will stay again when visiting new york	
Nov 3 2009 	Superb hotel; Superb location	Stayed here on a family break with a couple of teenagers in October 2009. Absolutely superb location on the corner of 43rd Street and 8th Avenue in the heart of Theatreland and only 5 minutes walk from the noise, bustle and sensory overload of Times Sqaure. We booked our hotel as part of a package with flights from the UK so whilst the Westin might be more expensive than some other hotels in the area our total costs were not excessive compared to other packages we saw. We had a large room with two very comfortable Queen beds on the 37th floor with fantastic views west over the city and river. Our Travel Agent had told us it would be possible to put a rollaway bed into the room as well but the hotel told us this was not possible with the double Queen beds – not the hotel’s fault if our Travel Agent gives us duff info. Otherwise room well equipped with big flat-screen TV, nice sized en-suite, twin-headed shower, big walk in wardrobe (could have done with a few more coathangers though), mini-bar and refrigerators available on request. There was also a gym / spa in the hotel which we never used. All the staff we spoke to were friendly and helpful.The hotel bar and restaurant was a bit pricy ($32 for two G&amp;T’s – mind you they were excellent G&amp;T’s!!!) but several Starbucks and a multitude of large and small well-priced restaurants within a few blocks’ walking distance. Now I’ve never been a big fan of Starbucks in the UK but these were excellent and within a few days I was being recognised when I arrived to pick up our morning Lattes and muffins.The hotel is situated across the block from the NY Port Authority Bus Terminal with excellent bus and subway links. Times Square express subway station is 5 minutes walk away. On the occasions we used the subway we felt safe and found it clean and efficient with staff available to help us if our route-finding went off. The starting point for the city bus tours is just along 8th Avenue and there are yellow cabs constantly passing the front door of the hotel. Central Park, the Rockerfeller Centre and 5th Avenue are all within a 15 minute walk. Several places offer bicycle hire but unless you are a very experienced city cyclist it’s probably best to avoid unless doing it in certain areas such as Central Park, Battery Park or along the riverfronts. We cycled in Central Park for 2 hours – awesome. Top tips? Avoid the Empire State Building. Big queues and when you get to the top you have to look through wire mesh. Do the Top of the Rock (Rockerfeller Centre) instead – queues not as long but views as good and probably better as lower observation deck protected by safety glass and upper deck open. Try to time your visit for sunset for the best views. Shame the Chrysler Building partially obscured by some anonymous bank building. Then if it’s the right time of year join the city-folk ice-skating on the plaza below. Take in a show. The hotel is in the heart of Theatre Land. The TKTS discount booths are close by; alternatively head for your favoured box office. We saw Billy Elliott. Excellent.Remember to do the night city tour but don’t spend too long on the day tours – get off and walk.Cycle in Central ParkThe City Pass looks like good value – but only if you actually use it. We found we could get better deals on bus tours and couldn’t use it for our preferred boat excursions as it was no longer running (despite advertising at the pier saying it was). Also provided only basic entrance to the Natural History Museum and excluded the special exhibitions – something we did not realise until we got to their entrances. Visit FAO Schwartz to see the actual floor piano Tom Hanks played in the movie “Big”.Oh and take your Credit Card for 5th Avenue	
Nov 1 2009 	Prime Location	This hotel is in the perfect location! It is not facing Times Square, but walk up the street (same block) and you are in the heart of it all! We were able to walk everywhere; Central Park, Empire State Building, Grand Central Terminal, 5th Avenue, the Hudson Bay Piers, Theaters...it was perfect. You will need transportation if you want to visit the Soho area, as it is too far to walk.The hotel itself was clean, although our room was not vacuumed when we checked in. After letting someone on staff know, it was a matter of 15 minutes and housekeeping was there to vacuum and was very apologetic. During the four nights we spent the room was kept clean.It was a bit pricey, but you are paying for the location. Definately worth it to us.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location if you dont mind 'hectic'.	We stayed here for 4 nights, with young children. Times Square is a 2 minute stroll along the street. Beds are very comfy. The bath was rather shallow but that could be a US thing. Breakfast downstairs is really good.	
Oct 30 2009 	43rd floor views	It was great, we stayed on the 43rd floor and had great views toward Times Square. The beds were extremely comfortable and the shower was amazing. The staff had a friendly attitude towards us and were very polite and helpful. Hotel is in a great location for access to Times Square and subways. 8th Avenue had lots of reasonably priced delis and restaurants and many souvenir shops.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Stay	I stayed here for three nights and was in the lap of luxury. I was assigned a corner room with a nice view of the city and the Hudson River. The hotel is smack-dab in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Times Square so expect some street noise - even on the 16th floor! The room was very modern in style and the bathroom was very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful at every turn. I marked the hotel as a good value, though I was using Starwood points and dollars so the price was great.	
Oct 27 2009 	Centrally located extremely pricey good hotel	We stayed here in June 2008 for a week and it was a great location. On the 11th floor we did not have much of a view as we faced old buildings. The room was modern and of an average size. The room service was very expensive but quite nice. The lobby bar was nice but again being in manhattan everything was extremely expensive. It was a special occasion when we stayed there but I would not pay that kind of money again for central manhattan.	
Oct 25 2009 	Very Nice	Junior Suite on the 30th floor - city view unremarkable (turns out many buildings are tall - go figure). Room was large and clean. Asked for a fridge - got one a no cost. Bedding very comfortable. Bath very large and open. Short (as in none) on amenities - cotton swabs, shower cap, etc. The shower has two shower heads with a sign that says you can conserve water by only using one of them. Hah. No newspaper at door - though I did sometimes find one near the elevator. Speaking of the elevator - don't get near one as the &quot;ping&quot; to tell you which elevator to enter is very loud. The room safe was large enough for my large laptop, nice. No microwave. Location was great. On 8th Ave., front is on 43rd St and rear is on 42nd St. You can skip on one leg to two subway stations as they are soooo close. Go west to 9th Ave, head north for endless restaurant selection. Starbucks down on ground level in back (42nd St). Breakfast was pretty bad at Shula's - $50 for two - very oily eggs/home fries - service was great though. Didn't try the bar nor Shula's for dinner. Some reviewers commented the neighborhood wasn't that great. The hotel sits a block or two from times square so there are definately less pedestrian traffic near the front entrance - but still felt very safe. The back entrance has a lot more people as here (42 st) you find some restaurants and other attractions (wax museum, Ripley's, etc.). There wasn't a food store nearby but plenty of delis and pharmacies selling fruit, milk, etc. You can print your boarding pass in the business center for free. I prepaid my hotel bill (via Orbitz) but hotel still created a temporary charge on my credit card for about $850 for incidentals for a 5 night stay (they told me $150 but it appears they meant $150/night - although the math doesn't seem to work out). Taxi was about $35 to/from LGA and took about 30 to 40 minutes outside of rush hour.	
Oct 25 2009 	Westin Experience	The hotel was fantastic, stayed for seven days and never had a problem&gt;. Rooms were cleaned on a daily basis and the staff were very polite. It is also a prime location, and being on the 43rd floor the noise was limited. would recommend to anyone.	
Oct 19 2009 	Never again	My wife, eight week old son and I were in NYC for four nights and included a friend's wedding.Pretty much everthing I have to say about this hotel would be edited. Never again says it all. Fortunately this stay hasn't dampened our love affair with New York, and we would definitely come again and stay somewhere else.The highlight of the hotel was meeting Tony Dungy in an elevator on the Sunday - presumably he was on his way to the TV studio (NBC Sports I think) to set up for the NFL games that day.NYC is a great city. It definitley doesn't sleep and puts London to shame in that respect. Come on Boris, sort out the night time transportation system. Highlights included cupcakes from Magnolia in Bleecker Street, and Doyle and Doyle antique shop in Orchard street.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Location...Unbelievable Staff	It's not your typical Westin...not all the frills usually associated with a Westin stay. No free internet access, but other than that little complaint I have to say its a great place to stay. You can't beat the location, on West 43rd, between 7th and 8th. Easy walk to anywhere in the city and easy access to the subway. Great views. And the staff..unbelievable, they will go out of their way to make your stay a memorable one. The Business Center is a pay as you go for internet access, but you can use it free if you need to print out boarding passes. The rooms could use some sprucing up here and there, but overall better than some hotel rooms in NYC for the money. the family enjoyed it, we had a great view from the 45th floor...the windows can be opened a little to let in some fresh air, which was nice. I would recommend this hotel in a heart beat.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Place To Sleep In a city That Doesn't	Times Square is a very busy, congested area so creating a tranquil, calming oasis in the midst of it all is no little feat. The Westin is a perfect hotel for business. The staff is well trained and attentive, the rooms are spacious (by New York standards) and are outfitted with a large desk and high-speed internet. The gym is OK and room service is average. I often rotate among the Westin, The Marriott Marquis, The Hilton Times Square and the W Times Square. I'd give the Westin the top grade among these otherwise fine choices.	
Oct 15 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL AND SERVICE	Member from Scotlandwe took our time to choose our hotel and i think we chose very well at the Westin, the service was second to none from the waiters to security and reception, a special mention to the conceriege Melanie who made our stay extra special as it was my daughters birthday and a lovely birthday cake arrived in a silver platter, it was so kind and it was extra special to us..everything was just perfect from the lovely big room with 3 windows to the breakfast and the welcome we got when we arrived at the hotel..i cant recommend the hotel highly enough...and would return to it for definate again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We loved this hotel. It was very clean, and with the deal we booked, we received free breakfast each morning! It was lovely. The bed was sooo comfy and the staff very pleasant. The only thing I disliked was the very, very dim lighting in the entry, but other than that...this is a wonderful place to stay!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Location Modern Hotel	Stayed at the Westin Time Square for 3 nights in a good sized room with 2 double beds. Comfortable beds, modern bathroom, flatscreen tv, IPod docking station / alarm clock, and in-room coffee maker (could use something other than powdered creamer). Centrally located with 42nd Street subway just around the corner and numerous restaurants / bars 1 block over on 9th (walk North once you arrive). They allowed us to check in early and all of the staff was friendly and accommodating. Price was high but that was more a result of the time of year than anything. Would stay here over other comparably priced hotels in the area.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good location decent rooms.	Our family recently stayed at the Westin Times Square on SPG points. We had a two connecting rooms on the 34th floor. Incredible views of Empire State Bldg. and Times Square. Rooms 3437 &amp; 39. King bed and double bed rooms. While room size on king room is okay for NYC the double bed room is a little tight on space. Bathrooms are small with very little counter space, but fairly new updates obvious. They worked fine for a long weekend stay and we were not in rooms much anyway. Towels were a little worn and had holes in them and the shower curtain smelled bad. Beds were comfortable. They did come change curtain at our request. The location is really good. Corner of 8th and 43rd. Impressed with soundproof glass to keep city sounds out at night.	
Oct 12 2009 	The staff was a great customer service extraordinary	If you want to be in the MIDDLE OF IT ALL, this is the place to stay. Now there's truly no reason to review a hotel in NEW YORK CITY and comment about the price, as you pay a premium for location. But the bell hops, the front desk all really accomodating for a first time New York City traveler. Would I go there again, yes...would I personally pick a location a little more off the beaten path, yes as the hub bub was a bit too much for this small town girl.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location! Excellant comfort	This Westin is located right out of the fray of 42nd Street, right where you want to be! Close to all the attractions without the glare of the lights!Rooms were lovely, great beds and very modern bathrooms.	
Oct 11 2009 	Modern Convienient and Clean	The staff was courteous. Check-in was smooth. We were not able to get an early check-in, so they held our bags. The room was clean and modern. It was small, but standard for NYC Times Square. We had a gorgeous view. Centrally located. Easy to reach the attractions and subway. The free workout room was great. It was nice to stay in a NYC hotel with elevators that fit more than 2 people comfortably and don't take 12 days to get to the floor. The only problem is that the teens used the fridge to store sodas they brought from the deli which is motion sensored. We explained at the desk and they removed the charges for using the in room snacks. I would go back tomorrow if I had the time. The rooms are pricey, but not for Times Square. We got a great deal here on Travelocity.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hotel recommended	Excellent location - 2 minute walk to Times Square, across the road from subway and easy walking distance of restaurant district. I had the best sleep ever in a hotel, the bed was very comfortable and no noise in the hotel or from the outside (we were on floor 28). We thought room was spacious after reading most reviews of NY hotel rooms. Only gripe was that they had powdered milk for the coffee, even UHT would have been better, still great coffee from deli across from the entrance.If travelling from Newark Liberty would recommend the Airport Express bus $25 return each. It drops you off opposite the hotel at Port Authority, tickets can be purchased on the bus or from the info desk at baggage reclaim.Will stay here again when we return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel near but not in Times Square	If you're compelled (or want) to be in Times Square the Westin is within a block but it feels more removed from the noise and confusion of the immediate streets of Times Square. The rooms are nice and comfortable. Bed was especially comfortable.	
Oct 8 2009 	GREAT HOTEL-IN CENTER OF EVERYTHING	Hotel was clean, spacious. We expected it to be a tiny room given the city and its location. It wasn't, it was close to many activitites and GREAT restaurants. Would definitely go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	The Westin was very comfy and centrally located. It's a block away from Times Square but tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The rooms was large and clean. No view though, but we didn't care as we only really slept there and didn't do much else. The amenities were great too! It's a bit pricey but shop around online to find a good deal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent staff	Great staff, close to Times Square, overpriced even with beakfast included.	
Oct 7 2009 	Service 	The hotel is in a perfect location - very central without being directly in Times Square. It is close to 9th Avenue which is exploding with wonderful restaurants and bars that are outside of the usual tourist traps. I was especially pleased with the service. I was able to get into my room extra early on arrival day and throughout my two night stay, the front desk folks were extremely helpful and pleasant. One morning the news stand in the hotel was closed so I asked where I could buy a newspaper outside the hotel. Immediately the security/bellman (?) took me back up to the front desk, disappeared for a moment and then handed me a NYTs - and even refused to accept payment. The room itself had a gorgeous view of the River. Definitely a great place to stay for either business or pleasure.	
Oct 7 2009 	No Big Deal in Big Apple - Poor Location	If you want to be in the middle of New York's touchy Times Square area, with it's associated street trash and crowds, this is your hotel.But given the many other more desirable locations in the city, this Westin might not be the best if you are going to step out on the street.First of all, it is NOT on Times Square. Surprise! Like the Florida hotels that say they are &quot;on the beach&quot; and are actually blocks from the ocean, this hotel is a couple of blocks removed from Times Square, not that it makes any difference, because its on a corner, jammed in among such neat little attractions as The Cheetah Strip joint next door and dozens of Eighth Avenue slop shops. In true NYC Hotel fashion, the ground floor is nothing but a security stop with escalators taking you up one level to check in and restaurant. This helps keep the local riff raff at bay, but can make finding the hotel tricky, even if you are an old New York hand. I walked the 10 blocks from Penn Station, thinking of Times Square and then stumbled around looking for the hotel that wasn't there. Poorly marked, this is a place even some cab drivers don't know about.The room was, as is so often the case in NYC, smaller than I would like and the W minimalist decor was fine, but the bath had a small stainless steel sink, (a la federal prison design), with very little available counter space. I have stayed in lots of less expensive hotels with more work space in the bathroom. The desk top area in the room had a glass top and plenty of work space though and excellent electrical access for our multiple chargers and computers. This is a fine feature and I wish more hotels provided such.WIFI costs $15 a day which, given the rates, should be free. Room coffee was Starbucks, a nice touch in a time when the Starbucks stores are serving instant coffee!!!Double headed shower in the bath was nice.Quiet room except for the inevitable doors slamming in the corridor.Window view had a nice over the roof tops view of Empire State building.Staff polite and accommodating.I'd give this hotel a 7 or 8 on my scale.If you need theater district access, it is probably fine, but I would seek better deals in a different location if I were making the selection at these prices.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great hotel Great location	I got a really great deal via Priceline for Oct 2 and 3. The hotel is right across from a subway entrance which is how I got to the hotel from the train. I had a quick check in - I was able to get into my room at 11 am- and had a room on the 24th floor. It was a good size, nice bed, lots of pillows, nice, large bathroom. It was quiet- no noise from neighbors, the maid came in more than once a day to straighten up(besides cleaning the room) and the concierge was very helpful.	
Oct 5 2009 	No International TV but lots of TV Pornography	Now returned from our annual month's vacation in the US &amp; Canada. We stayed at the Westin in Boston in 2007 and this year at Times Square NY. Nice hotels but 2 interesting observations - 1. Never pay their prices if you want/need internet better to use Starbucks or cheap Holiday Inns 2. No recognition of 20 to 50% of the clients being non US and no TV from outside US - plenty of Pornographic TV for those interested.Is this a comment on your visitors or the hotel group's accountants?	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location but we may not return	The Westin is in a great location for proximity to Times Square, subway stops, and many Manhattan locations are within walking distance. Unfortunately having said that the hotel fell short in many respects for us. First of all, our reservation requested no down pillows and comforters, which were in the room on arrival. When we asked that they be removed the maid pulled the comforter, and left the bed in shambles. The rest of the room was only partially cleaned, that day leaving us without coffee, towels, or the bed pillows requested to replace the down. Next was a leaking, dripping shower head that also squirted water to the side when turned on. It took two days of daily requests to get this repaired. The staff that we had contact with were all pleasant and professional, but it seemed that their communication between departments was lacking.  We used Starwood points for our stay at the Westin, and couldn't help but wonder if that had something to do with the service we received. Westin is usually one of our hotel choices, but this may be one will will avoid in the future.	
Sep 29 2009 	Reception lady saved my life!	My company should have booked a room for me before my arrival but they did not. I learned that when I arrived to the hotel after 11 hour flight. I was exhausted. The young lady at the reception saw my shape and decided to divide a large suit to 2 rooms. I never forget what she did for me.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good for Free!	We stayed here on points. As many have pointed out, you don't get the usual amenities from Starwood. That begs the question, why all the hype about being Gold/Platnum, if the service is not universal. How much does it cost to provide a bottle of water to your most valuable guests? Why don't I have a paper delivered to my door, as I do at 99% of all Starwoods? Oh yeah, and no club either.I would not pay the high price to stay here, and be treated like someone off the street.On to our stay. Check in was pleasant and smooth. We were given a nice room high up away from the noise.We had some issues on getting extra coffee,turndown service, and towels, but overall a good stay. great location for plays and shows, which was why we were there.Times Square is a tourist trap so pass thru quickly! Last, we orderd a limo for the trip to LGA, and it was the same as a dumpy taxi. Nice and clean, smooth ride. We used Carmel. $33, plus toll and tip.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great location	We were on the 39th floor, in a corner room - great views of the river and surrounding buildings.We couldn't have asked for a better location - it's 2 minutes on foot to the Port Authority, 4 minutes to Times Square and the Theatre District, 30 seconds to the nearest metro station and it's surrounded by loads of places to eat.Do bring your laptop if you're planning on using a computer at all - the business center charges $0.50 per minute. I believe each room has free internet; ours did.Room service is speedy and the staff is kind and efficient.Our only complaints:1. Unventilated bathroom: It didn't have a fan and the window was a showcase window so no air circulated and it smelled a bit fishy each time we came into the room. Suggestion: replace all bathroom windows with the click-open windows that are in the rooms.2. Old bed: It was obvious that legions of guests had sat up in bed while eating or watching TV, so the section of the bed where one's shoulders and back rest was sunken and lumpy. It was rather difficult to get a good night's sleep on such an old bed - it's clear it stopped being a Heavenly bed years ago. Suggestion: lie on the beds regularly and replace them immediately if they don't meet Heavenly standards.	
Sep 27 2009 	Large slick and did I mention expensive?	I stayed at the Westin Times Square for two nights this weekend, because a friend who is a Starwood Preferred Guest was able to let us use a promotional deal they had, so we booked a last minute stay at this ~$500/night hotel for free. We live in Connecticut, thus almost never get to stay overnight in the city due to the cost of it, and the close proximity of our home so we thought what did we have to lose? We arrived Friday night. The hotel is located on 43rd street at 8th avenue, a block off the center of Times Square. Everything you need is conveniently located, and even if you want some less touristy dining options, simply walk away from Times Square, over to 9th avenue and head north, and you will be presented with cuisine of every type without the tourist traps. I dine in this neighborhood often when coming to the city. Even so, I didn't like the location of this hotel being that I was not in NYC as a gawking tourist, and there are just too many people in this area which not only includes Times Square and all the theaters, but also a gigantic subway station and the Port Authority Bus Terminal. This is not the type of hotel you could very easily drive a car up to the front of, and drop people off although if you're staying in this particular touristy location of the city, you probably aren't driving anyway.Check-in was quick, and nothing out of the ordinary. From the expansive mezzanine-level lobby, we were whisked in a surprisingly fast and clean elevator up to the 26th floor where our room was. The hotel has, however, a total of 45 floors to give you an idea of the size. We had a standard king room, with a view facing north. Not the prettiest view in NYC, but could certainly be much worse- I'm not complaining. The room is not decorated with much, and the decor is of a modern mid-century revival style, as is the entire hotel. The room was very clean, and everything appeared to work as it should, including the iPod radio. The TV was attractive, and worked, but the channels which were supposed to be HD did not appear very sharp at all. There was a small closet, a safe, and a stocked mini-fridge with the usual fiendishly overpriced candy, soda, water, and alcoholic beverages. A quick glance of the price list told me that a can of Bud was about $8, and wine was $25, and I can't comment on the rest of the items since I stopped looking at that point. Other than the price, I'll have another word on why not to touch the mini fridge at the end. A nice feature of the hotel is that the tilt-style window opens a few inches if you want to let in some fresh air. Even with the window open, there wasn't a terrible amount of noise for being in Midtown, due to the room being on the 26th floor. The bathroom, decorated with nice dark grey stone tile and white textured wallpaper, was very clean as well and very large too- it was at this point that I discovered that our room was a disabled-access room, which leads to my main gripe about the place. The shower was a pretty large walk-in style with hand rails, and a removable shower head on a hose as would be in any ADA compliant bathroom and not the &quot;twin-type&quot; as seen in many pictures on this site. My first issue with the room came when I went to take a shower the next morning, and found the water pressure seriously lacking. My fiancee also found it irritating, as it was extra-difficult to rinse out her hair. My second gripe about the layout of the handicapped bathroom, was that the rack for the towels was on the opposite wall from the shower, so once finished, I couldn't reach out of the shower and grab one. I had to exit the shower and lean over to the towel rack. Not a huge deal, but annoying nonetheless. My third and final gripe about the bathroom is the biggest. The sink was a very small unit attached to the wall, and not built into any sort of counter top. There is only a small amount of space at the back of the sink to place a few items, so there is almost no place at ALL to put anything in the bathroom. I actually had to hang my toiletries bag from a towel hook, as there was no other place in the bathroom to put it. Again, this is obviously a fault of having the handicapped accessible bathroom, as it appears this does not apply to the standard rooms from other traveler's photos. The bed was appointed with several layers of sheets and quilts which all felt pretty high quality, and 4 large pillows plus one little decorative pillow. While the bed wasn't bad and not even close to the worst one I've stayed in, I found it a tad hard for a hotel of this price. I've stayed in better beds at places a third of the price of this hotel, although those hotels were not in New York City. All in all, I slept pretty well, and the room was very quiet. This part of my review leads me to comment on how expensive the food is. In our room was a tag you could put on your door with a list of items available to order for breakfast in your room. Typical breakfast fare presented itself at prices only suitable for business travelers or people with more money than sense. Mere cereal is $12, a glass of milk $5, fruit and yogurt is $10, and a coffee is $8. Needless to say, we did not partake in hotel room service, and walked around the corner for bagles. Since we were staying there under a &quot;Starwood Preferred Guest&quot; account, we were given a canvas tote bag at check-in which had some soaps, mints, and some papers advertising various hotel stuff mostly pertaining to business traveler stuff that would probably interest someone who actually was a Starwood Preferred Guest. Of notable interest, was a memo from the hotel stating that we were invited to an &quot;Unwind Session&quot; at Bar 10, the hotel cocktail lounge in the lobby. We partook of this saturday evening and found it quite good, although we were quite glad we weren't paying for it. Our freebie entitled us to 4 beers, and an appetizer selected from a list of three or four. We selected the sirloin beef sliders, and had four Sam Adams Boston Lagers. The beer tasted fresh, and the sliders were tasty, although there were only three of them and among two people that doesn't amount to much. The beers I seem to recall were listed around $8 which is a terrible price for a beer of a common sort, and the sliders were something atrocious like $17. But for us, free tasted good. Another gripe that tells me this place is geared towards business travelers, is that the wireless internet in the room is not free, or at least it did say I had to pay on the little connection screen I got on my iPhone when I tried to access it. $15 for one day of internet. Come on Westin! The days of charging people for WiFi are over. I can get free internet at a Red Roof Inn that I spent $50 a night on! At $500 a night, I should expect some bandwidth. This morning, on Sunday, we went downstairs to check out. Nothing out of the ordinary about this process, other than the fact that they asked us if we had consumed any of the items in the mini fridge with the high roller-priced items inside. Although we did store some leftover food in the fridge, we didn't eat any of the items, and later learned that even if you TOUCH some of the items in there, they can try and charge you for them as there are sensors of some sort which apparently aid in the billing of these items. We had inadvertently &quot;consumed&quot; over $30 of mini-fridge goodness on our bill, but once we explained that we had not, having the charges removed was no hassle at all. So in conclusion, would I say this is a nice place, and did I enjoy my stay? Of course. Did I like the location? No way- too touristy, and crowded.Would I stay here again? Probably not, but then again I'm not likely to spend this much money on a hotel in New York City anyway, and like I said our stay was complimentary.I'd recommend this hotel for a couple or business travelers, but not a family and certainly not someone looking for budget accommodations. Oh and be sure to specifically ask NOT to get the handicapped accessible room.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Location Very Good Service Comfortable stay	My husband and I spent 10 nights here on our recent first visit to NY. And I have to say that even though we were a bit put off by some negative reviews, we really had to struggle to find fault with this hotel. I will start with the negatives first:1. The hotel is expensive (although we did not spend any of our money there because we had a $500 credit to use on food and beerage as a courtesy form Virgin Holidays as the hotel closed the club lounge) BUT so are most hotels in NY. What else do you expect right? A glass of champagne - $20; in house breakfast for 1 was $40 and just OK. A lunch meal and a few drinks (maybe 4 drinks or so) came up to about $120. Of course you do not have to eat at the hotel because there are loads of cheaper places around. Like I said we had a complimentary stipend to spend and we made the most of it.2. The room was a bit dim with ok views (38th floor) but still very comfortable to return to for the 10 nights we were there. In fact even the elevator was very dark and you struggled to see very well in there.3. Be careful when moving around the drinks in the fridge and putting your own in there as the charges are automatically calculated based on weights. We were a bit surprised at the bill and when we queried it further, we got them to remove all the charges for the items that we did not use form the fridge.For us those were the only faults we could find with the hotel. Overall staff were always very polite with us. We spent a lot of time in the Shula's restaurant and bar downstairs mingling with staff and were always treated well (special mention of the friendly Jody). Regarding the food itself at Shula's, the quality was excellent and the portions were just right. We also returned in the wee hours in the morning from heading out into Greenwich village and the staff would still be friendly and welcoming.On the location, you cannot ask more of the hotel for being one block from the lively Times Square, Theatre District, some good restaurants in Hell's Kitchen and the subway (42nd street).I would certainly return to the Westin or any starwood hotel for that matter.	
Sep 25 2009 	Just average	I was very disappointed with my stay @ westin times square. Being a westin, i expected it to have a semi-luxurious feel to it but the hotel is old. Being a platinum member, I thought we'd get upgraded but it wasn't the case. No extra water in the room so we got some from store nearby but when you're spending at the hotel and have stayed there for a while you expect certain a higher level of service.I think the location of Times square is a bit too touristy. Most of the nice restaurants are away from the area so union square or soho would probably make a better location with more character.	
Sep 23 2009 	Shocking	Only stayed here because Fashion Week was on, and most other hotels either full or very expensive. This was still 450 a night before taxes. Check-in was fine, friendly staff. Room was big. City view totally misleading - even on a high floor couldnt see a single NY landmark. Recently renovated a joke - define recent? Scuffed wall, damaged lamps, peeling wall paper. Bathroom tiling like something from a pub toilet. Sheets torn, if they were changed at all. Had to get them to change one set due to a bloodstain. No amenities whatsover. TV nice, when it worked. A lot of stations too fuzzy to watch. Good location yes, and friendly staff. I spoke with manager and he offered to change rooms but that is more hassle for the traveller than the hotel. I had to leave for one night and check back in. Second room even worse. Blind broken, would not go up or down. Not that it mattered as window was so dirty. Then when i tried to ring front desk the Service Plus button didnt work! At that point i'd had enough and left. The property is no where near a 4* hotel.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great place great location	How tough is it to pick a hotel in NYC!? Very tough I would say, there's so much choice. After lots of research we chose the Westin Times Square mainly for the location. We were not dissapointed, the hotel is very good. It's a big place, but you don't really have that feeling when you enter it (which is a good thing I would say). Pay a bit extra for a room at the higher floors so the outside noise won't bother you so much. The room was clean and quite spacious, the bed was comfortable.	
Sep 22 2009 	Fab hotel in a fab city	We stayed here for one week in August. First impressions of this hotel were excellent, the staff were very polite and helpful. The lady at check in was very friendly she gave us a room on the 38th floor which we were very pleased with, we could see the Empire state building which was great! Our room was a good size plenty of room for the three of us. The beds were lovely and comfortable especially after a long day walking around the city.We were very happy with our room, it was always cleaned to a high standard when we returned after a long day.We used the resturant for breakfast one day and for lunch another day, the food was absolutely gorgeous, and the staff were very attentive.The location of the Westin is fantastic, we were near lots of great resturants, and shops.Also not too far to walk to many attractions.I would recomend this hotel it was fab!	
Sep 13 2009 	Couldn't pick a better location	I have recently returned from a 4 night stay at the Westin at Times Square. We arrived earlier than the stated check in time but had no problem getting our room and check in was very easy. We were offered a city or river view and chose the river view which was lovely. We had a twin room which was a good size, had plenty of storage space and a decent sized bathroom. The beds were the best I've ever slept in and greatly appreciated after a long day walking the streets of New York. We were 1 block from Times Square and within walking distance of all the main attractions, therefore only used a cab in the evening for dinner reservations that we had made. I would recommend this hotel not only for the superb location but for the standard of room and the service we received during our stay.	
Sep 12 2009 	Very good midtown hotel.	We had a very good stay at the Westin, the location is excellent and so close to all the major tourist attractions. Room was a good size and we had a very nice view, Staff are friendly and helpful and check in/out were very quick and efficient. Staineless steel washing hand basin in bathroom is a bit tacky and we found the pillows very flat. Apart from those minor issues everything else was very good. When we are back in New York we will try another hotel but this is no relfelction on the Westin it just that we love stayi g in different gotels every time we travel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great second stay at the Westin	Stayed here two years ago. It was so good we didn't think it could happen again, but it did! Fabulous high floor corner view room with windows that open a little. Location is great. Right next to Times Square, but adjacent to residential and local businesses. A friend lives a few blocks from the hotel in what seems to be a totally different part of town. Easy walk (20 mins) to Central Park and midtown shopping and sights. The staff is very helpful and friendly, especially considering what a large hotel this is. Our son and his girlfriend had a room on a lower floor. Not the great view, but a good value and very comfortable room.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Central Location to Activities/Eating	We stayed at the Westin Times Square over a long Labor Day weekend. This hotel is centrally located - close to all our tours, the subway, restaurants, etc. We enjoyed our stay. Our room was on the 25th floor. You could hear some car honking and some street noise - but nothing that kept us awake at night. We had a corner room and it was big by NYC standards. It was always clean and very convenient. The Westin Times Square is located one block from the busy central Times Square location - so you have a chance to avoid a lot of the crowds if you choose. We ventured there for some &quot;people watching&quot; but mostly stayed away.The hotel is just a couple blocks away from most of the tour companies we took (Gray Line, On Location Tours, etc. We were able to walk to the starting point for all these easily - within 5-10 blocks at most. For good non-chain restaurants, we walked one block west to 9th and there are a lot of great restaurants within an easy walking distance. My cousin lives in town and pointed us over there for good food at a decent price.Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel for it's location and convenience.	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect Stay!	I was a bit worried after reading some of the negative reviews but was very pleased with our stay. We booked our rooms on hotwire and got a great rate. The hotel was perfect for us, centerally located, great rooms, nice views and perfect service. Would happily stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 7 2009	Not What Expected By A Westin	When we arrived at the hotel we waited atleast 30 minuets to get valet to take our car. When we got into our room it was just simple. Then we relized the the chain of our room looked like someone tried to pull it off! &quot; The Westin Heavenly Bath&quot; was certainly not &quot; Heavenly&quot;! It reminded me of a airplane bathroom! Plus the veiw was terrible! We overlooked a rooftop with heaters! We orderd room service and it took a long time so we called room service to ask them why it was taken so long and they said&quot; We never got your order!&quot; 30 minuets later they came up with the food and it was pretty good but way overpriced! We couldove gone out for a nice dinner in the city! This hotel wasn't at all what we expected from a Westin.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Stayed here for a weekend trip to NY, hotel is in a great location, staff were helpful and polite. I would stay here again.	
Sep 6 2009 	WOW!	Really enjoyed my stay here. Location is wonderful - right in Times Square with all the NYC attractions. Rooms were large with great views. Amenities above average.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Stay	Highly recommend this hotel. very friendly check-in staff .super clean rooms and comfortable beds.location is excellent .pax next door is great for breakfast	
Sep 2 2009 	Good hotel but DON'T TOUCH THE PHONE!	Excellent location. Not a really grand entrance for such a large 4* hotel. Quite dark inside - this extends into the rooms and from what I read in reviews before I went, others have noticed this too. Is the Westin trying to save money by using low wattage bulbs?Bed was the best I ever slept in. Shower excellent also. Large LCD TV nice touch. I had asked for low floor due to fear of heights - ended up on 10th - bearable but would'nt have wanted to go much higher. Didn't eat here after noticing $12 for cornflakes! Go out onto the street eg. Brooklyn Diner @ Times Square for much better value. You really can't go wrong for food no matter where you eat in New York actually.Only gripe was that on arriving, used phone in room to call home to N.Ireland and check on kids. The call was no more than 5mins. You can check your account for your stay on your TV. It cost over $53 inc. tax for this call. After raising my annoyance with reception, they cut the bill by 50% as a goodwill gesture. Still extortionate though. Go outside (again) and buy a phone card but do not use this with the room phone, use a public phone on the street - massively cheaper.All in all a very nice hotel although the reception staff can be dismissive if you question anything. I actually won this holiday and would probably not pay this much to basically sleep for the night (as we were out from morning to night sightseeing). I would have went 3* but hey, if you can afford it........	
Sep 2 2009 	Superb Hotel	We stayed at the Westin 27th August to 1st Sept after having booked a great deal through British Airways. I have to say having read various reviews of the hotel prior to travelling, i was a little apprehensive. All i will say is, i found the entire experience fantastic.I booked a delux room at a little extra cost, and if you get the option, go for it. What a room. It was on the 41st floor and had spectacular views of downtown New York. Could see the Hudson on one side and the Empire State building on the other. The room was very big, especially for New York. I have stayed at another relatively large hotel in Times Square and the room was tiny.I was very suprised about the room, the flat screen TV is also large with HD channels and the king size bed was just luxurious, especially after them long days walking around the city. Also in the room worth noting was the lovely morning smell of 'Starbucks' coffee from your very own coffee maker. The bathroom was very nice too with loads of towels and plenty of space, very modern and decked out to a high standard.We took our ipod and took advantage of the docking station provided on the bedside cabinet, sorry to our neighbours if we made too much noise.....Also, on each floor there is a large Ice machine and in our case, was almost directly outside our room. Its in its own room so noise is kept to a minimum, this was very handy for us and we used it each night for our water etc.The reception staff at the Westin were excellent. Couldn't do enough for us. They made telephone calls for us to arrange our return collection to JFK at no cost and also helped us check -in on line for our return flight home. This was very usefull, as BA only allow seats to be booked either on-line 24hrs before the flight or once you're at the airport, so in oreder to get the seats you want, make sure you book early to avoid dissapointment.They asked each day if all was well and even though we arrived at 3pm Thursday, i never saw any queues there, except for the 'Starwood' contingent who seem to complain about everything. We used the hotel bar late on an evening which was really nice, not cheap but hey its a 5* hotel in the centre of town.Just around the corner after the Milford Plaza and directly opposite the Majestic Theatre where 'Phantom' is, is John's. Its a Pizza restaurant which is massive inside and comes highly recommended, but remember to order just one pizza between you, they are huge !Something which we booked prior to flying out to NYC was the 'City Pass'. We booked this through VIATOR and saved loads and loads on the cost of individual tickets. Oh and you get to go to the front of the queues in some places.All in all, i would certainly return to the Westin on times Square, it was an excellent hotel and comes highly recommended.	
Sep 1 2009 	great hotel awesome location!!!	this is a beautiful hotel. it is centrally located and the service is great and the room is clean.	
Aug 31 2009 	Could be much better	I've stayed at this Westin on at least 4 occasions for business and leisure. And, I am frequently disappointed by this Westin.If you want to be in Times Square, it's convenient, and many rooms have nice views of the city. However, the overall experience leaves much to be desired. The staff at reception are often unfriendly (if not plain rude). There are almost always long lines to check in at the desk, and they rarely provide access to your room before official check-in time. In addition, rooms are not always very clean, and I had to ask housekeeping to finish the bathroom which had been left half-cleaned!There is an additional charge to use the fitness center; it seems they're often servicing the escalators; and most importantly, the rooms should be cleaner and fresher looking. All in all, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.	
Aug 31 2009 	A great place if you get a good price...	Stayed overnight to play around in the city. I got a great rate on Priceline, but I think I would have been less than satisfied if I had paid the going rates. I thought the lobby was a tiny bit shabby for the rating. Our room was great and the best part was that it was very very quiet. It was a nice starting point for Times Square, The Garment District, The MOMA, and Lincoln Center. I'd go back if I got a good deal.	
Aug 28 2009 	Never Again!	I stayed at the Westin in July. It was my first trip to New York and frinds had stayed here before (5 years ago!)and said how great it was.It is a great location but the service from reception staff was appalling - they were rude and unhelpful. Our room wasn't cleaned on the 1st day and I had to go and request for this to be done and get clean towels.Our room was advertised as newly renovated but it defintiely wasn't. the wallpaper was all marked and the bathroom was not 'heavenly.' The beds were comfy and Shula's was good but that's about it.This hotel is overpriced and I wouldn't stay there again. I always stay in expensive hotels but felt ripped off by this one!	
Aug 28 2009 	Perfect Location - quiet space near Times Square	A great location and although it was right on Times Square, it was quiet in our room. Staff was very helpful.	
Aug 27 2009 	A first and not a lst time	A recent trip to NYC saw us taking advantage of a very good rate from &quot;Hotwire&quot; and booking the Westin. A fantastic hotel in a superb Midtown location. Close enough to everything. i rand a couple of weeks earlier to give them my SPG number and although we stayed at numerous SPG propeties within the USA the Westin NYC said they would not be crediting any points to my SPG account as we booked through &quot;Hotwire&quot;. This is wrong and I will be following up on this. This proved to be only one of a few faults of a really nice hotel. Upon check-in we were upgraded to a corner king and I thought this was quite special as we were staying the Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. The conceirge was a great help and gave us valuable help when it came to sourcing some great &quot;Yankee&quot; tickets, although I ended up booking online the help was much appreciated. On the other hand the in-house tour desk was not so good. we booked a fast boat ride of the staue of Liberty only to arrive and find out that these tours were cancelled that day due to the helicopter crash on the Hudson. i don't blame them for this but I would have thought a private tour company working within the Westin would be more switched on and the westin should monitor their service.Sorry for the tangent but I didn't want to forget. The rooms were clean, spacious and in good order, especially for NYC. the rate we received simply made a great hotel even better.Very professional outfit and would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NYC.	
Aug 26 2009 	A brilliant hotel	I don’t know what some of the other travelers are talking about this hotel not being clean! This is a super hotel, in a great location, one block off Times Square. We took the express bus from the airport to the Port Authority, around the corner from the hotel, for $22 return. A big saving on taxis It took 30 minutes. at 9am. We arrived with our two children (7&amp;11) for a weeks stay, and were upgraded to room on 36 floor with great views of the Hudson River. The air-conditioned room was spacious and clean, with iron, hair dryer, tv etc. The two large twin beds were ‘heavenly’ as advertised and a real godsend after a long days walking, in the summer heat.The staff were friendly, extremely helpful, polite, and courteous.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Customer Service came through	I posted the review, &quot;Nice staff, but this hotel is simply not clean.&quot; After several attempts to get a response beyond a form letter from corporate, the general manager's office at this location has agreed to refund me the cost of my stay which is absolutely wonderful and deeply appreciated. The money is important, but it's the willingness to take responsibility that really changes my attitude. Thank you, Westin Times Square.	
Aug 20 2009 	Location Location Location	As the title says, the location was great. Easy walk to virtually everywhere and a subway station just across the street. The lights of times square were a stones throw away.Travelled with my wife and teenaged boys. We were upgraded to a club floor which was a large room with a Mac computer. (Great for searching restaurants). The lobby and room were fine. Service was excellent. Never used the gym. Never ate in the hotel because Shula's (even for breakfast) is overpriced. Lots of great breakfast places around.Concierge was lacking. The rates for a car to Laguardia and Yankee tickets were ridiculous. Would stay here again.	
Aug 16 2009 	A lovely stay	The Westin was in a convenient location for me. The only complaint was the registration process. They did not have enough staff for a Friday evening. Only 2 employees were registering guests and one of them walked away and disappeared. The room was very nice. The massage chair was a novelty but we didn't use it. The bed was soft but had a slight dip to it. The bathroom was clean and we put the dual showerheads to use. I was going to grab a drink at the bar but the $16 martini's scared us off. We were able to leave our bags after checkout and pick them up several hours later.	
Aug 16 2009 	This is NOT five star..............	This is NOT a 5 star hotel. 3 at very best. Reception efficient. The hotel was very busy but this is no excuse for the room not being cleaned properly. Carpets were stained and dirty, bathroom not cleaned properly, beds not made properly, dirty towels not taken away, no robes or slippers and the whole room was dank and gloomy. Furniture was shabby and chipped, and the view terrible This was a so called 'executive' room which we paid extra for! However, the air conditioning worked well and the room was quiet given the busy location on Times Square. I would never return, one of the worst hotels I have stayed in. The streets outside are tacky and polluted to the extreme and the hotel is gloomy, dirty and dark - almost depressing. It is a real cheek to say it is 5 star. I have travelled extensively and always stay in good hotels, I can't believe how bad this was. Photos on their website are not representative.Couldn't wait to get home. Don't go there, New York is great and there must be true 5 star hotels out there!	
Aug 11 2009 	Reasonable - few issues.	The hotel is located in a VERY busy part of New York (close to Times Square).The staff are helpful and efficient (there were some queues to check in due to not enough staff at reception) but the hotel feels very much like a business operation. I booked a deluxe room with view (i.e. a high floor). The room we were given was a disabled access room (which was NOT what we booked despite the reception insisting we had). I had no choice but to accept the room as I was informed that all the other deluxe rooms were taken. In the end, after going back to reception again to complain, a different member of staff easily found an alternative deluxe room which was somewhat strange given the previous lack of suitable room. The room was located on the highest floor with a view of New York, though the window was very small (not ceiling to floor windows unfortunately). The room was nicely decorated and clean, though I am not a fan of the stainless steel sink in the bathroom, which feels somewhat institutional.Overall, after some initial teething problems which were quite unimpressive, we enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Better Hotel Choices in NY than the Westin	I stay in a lot of Starwood hotels, primarily for business, and a far as I am concerned the only reason to book this one is to acquire Starwood points, or if they are running some special promotion.Here are the reasons I didn’t like this hotel:• A horrible location – all the way on the west side of Times Square which is noisy and extremely chaotic, even for New York.• This hotel will nickels and dime you to death!. No free wi-fi or free computer use in business center (I don’t understand why Starwood’s policy on this varies so much from hotel to hotel).• They charged hotel guests $10 to use their gym, which while adequate, was nothing special, and not any different from gyms in other Westins which are free to guests. When I asked them why there was a charge, they said it was run by an outside vendor. Personally I don’t care who runs it; I don’t want to have to pay for a gym in a hotel.• The bathrooms had absolutely no counter space for personal items. The stainless steel sink looked like something that could be found in a prison cell. Water pressure in the shower was not all that great.• The flat screen hotel seemed small (maybe 26 inches) for the size of the room.• Service from the staff was a mixed bag. My business colleague and I both requested a check out that was ½ hour later than the norm, and the check-in clerk was not very accommodating about this. However, I met a nice clerk the next morning who was much nicer and even gave me a free NY Times, which I had asked for.On the plus side, the rooms were nice and had very adequate desk space and a nice view.However, the bottom line, as always with a hotel, is would I stay there agai?. With thousands of other hotels in NYC, the answer would clearly be no! While I am not a huge fan of the Parker Meridian (another Starwood property), it is more than adequate, and if I was insistant on staying at a hotel to gain Starwood points, I would choose that hotel instead. But in reality, the Bryant Park and to a lesser degree, The London are my favorite hotels in NYC, and if their rates are competitive to the Starwood properties, they would be my first choice for a NYC stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location!	The Westin Times Square was a great location to get to parts of the city. The room was large and very clean. We booked the hotel with our Starwood points so the price was perfect!	
Aug 7 2009 	perfect location	Perfect location close to times square , broadway and all midtown sights.Rooms are a good size however bathroom doors don't have locks which can make toilet trips a bit more fun.Restaurant is expensive ,however the italian across the road is beautiful.Generally a good stay , I guess in new york your not in the hotel much anyway. Staff are polite and helpful.	
Aug 7 2009 	Too many little problems to bother coming back	Because I was attending a conference in the hotel, I wanted to push back my checkout time from noon to 2 PM. They refused and threatened to charge me $379 if I stayed past noon. So I packed and went to the front desk to check out--and complain. The desk clerk offered to let me stay till 1 PM--AFTER I had packed and left the room. At least the bellman who checked my bag for me recognized this was lousy customer service.You can't just call up and order room service--room service ordering is done through the TV, using the Menu option on the remote. That didn't work on the TV in my room. When I arrived, the room did not have a full set of towels and bath mat. The in-room internet would have cost $14.95, except that it didn't work. I was willing to pay but I could not get the system to work. At least they did not try to charge me.This is all small stuff, but it accumulated into a big pain in the neck. When there are so many other hotels in the neighborhood, why bother with the Westin?	
Aug 7 2009 	So beautiful peacefulwonderful fresh air in rooms.	This hotel has been transformed. The aesthetics,linens,layouts give a luxurious feel. We even had a view which was a first for us in NYC. Staff were helpful for sightseeing tips and directions. The location is great.	
Aug 7 2009 	unless you want the views stay elsewhere	An impersonnel mediocre hotel living on it's position and height in NYC. The staff are helpful enough but only if you have the patience to join the endless queues at reception. I never seen a hotel so understaffed in this respect. On the 36th floor our view was stunning but that's the only highlight. Breakfast was OK, no information in the rooms about the hotel, no room in fridge in room for personal water, no free wifi.	
Aug 6 2009 	News Year Eve	We loved our spacious room with an amazing view to times square. I loved all that stainless steel in the bathroom. The location is perfect including an entirely indoor walk to a the theatre when travelling with teens. I stayed at a couple of other places in Manhattan and this is where I would return stay again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice hotel in great location	Our family of 4 stayed July 31-Aug 2, 2009. The location was ideal for us- close to Subway, Times Square and Broadway. It was my third trip to NYC and this hotel was the best by far. We had ample room and a great view. The beds were super comfortable. We didn't hear or see many others on our floor yet we know it was full. We were on the 40th floor and never waited more than a minute for the elevator. It was nice to have a safe in the room to store valuables. We had a slow draining shower which was fixed on the second day without us complaining (I wanted to but didn't get around to it). The only thing I didn't like was the sliding glass door to the bathroom- frosted glass which let all of the light through-at night more of an issue- and was not soundproof. Also not much counter room in there. No pool in the hotel, but we were so busy my young teenagers didn't mind at all. The restaurant is very expensive but has great food, especially the steaks and of course New York Cheesecake. Expect to spend $50 per person if eating dinner. The Europan deli/bakery on the corner is very reasonable and has great food, fast service too.	
Aug 1 2009 	Go Westin!!! (again) but...watch out	Second time at the Westin in two years. Stayed for a week at the end of July. As last time couldn't fault them on service, friendliness and cleanliness. Had Kingsize room on 45th floor....great to watch the thunderstorms. However.....we had booked a club room - mainly to gain access to the club lounge inc breakfast but on check in they told us they no longer offer this service as it was not cost effective (I can understand why!). We had paid in advance due to getting a great internet rate and felt we ought to have at least had an e-mail about this. To compensate they offered us a $50 credit to our room everyday but we had to use the $50 every day and couldn't for example add up a few days for a meal at Shulas.We ate breakfast a few days in the hotel at Shulas which was lovely but would have been very expensive without the credit. We ate at Shulas one night and the food was very good but again very expensive $164 for 2 courses each 1 beer and 1 water! They were doing a 'fixed price' menu at the time for $35 per head as well.Great location and would happily recommend you to go...Enjoy!!!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Room and Location	We arrived at the Westin Times Square at about 11:30am and check-in is not until 3pm but we got a room right away. The lobby was very modern, clean and attractive. The elevators are centrally located and were very fast, quiet and even had little TVs inside them. The room was very nice and clean. Also it was very spacious as far as New York City hotel rooms go. It had a flat screen LCD TV with cable and HBO. The bathroom was very nice and modern with granite tiles, and a dual shower head. The beds were very clean and extremely comfortable. The room had an iPod dock/alarm clock and complimentary Starbucks Coffee, and a complimentary paper in the morning. But possibly the greatest thing about this hotel was the location. When they say it is right in Times Square they mean it. You literally walk out of the hotel onto 42nd street and are right in heart of Times Square and midtown Manhattan. GREAT GREAT GREAT LOCATION. A subway station is also on the same block as the hotel and many others just a few blocks away so you literally dont have to walk more than a couple of blocks to go anywhere in the city.	
Jul 28 2009 	Okay nothing special wouldn't recommend	We arrived on Thursday night around 8. We were upgraded to a room on the 44th floor so we had a great view. As we went to our room, I noticed a room service tray on the floor a few doors down from our room. I thinking, oh, hasn't been picked up yet, no big deal. No complaints about our room and we were excited to see a small refrigerator available for our use. The bathroom was a great size. However there were no handtowels and the bathtub didn't drain well, filling up with water when we showered. Friday morning I informed the front desk of the drainage problem and it was taken care of right away. Because the bathtub problem was resolved so quicky, I was surprised that the room service tray from Thursday night was still in the hall. We left the hotel about 9, returning at 5, Friday afternoon and the tray was still there. Saturday morning around 9, I told the front desk about the tray. It is hard to believe that housekeeping hadn't picked it up yet. We stopped by the hotel about 3 and the tray was still there! At this point, I am making a mission out of getting the tray removed. Who wants to look at dirty dishes as they walk to their room? I called Service Express and told them about the tray. When we returned to our room about 7 the tray had been moved from the hall way to the table next to the elevator. I don't know if a guest moved it or if housekeeping did. At this point, I took the tray with its dirty dishes and half full pitcher of tea, down 44 floors to the front desk. I don't know what the issue is with housekeeping. There must be some kind of problem if a tray is left in a hallway from Thursday to Saturday night. Who knows how long it had been there before we checked in? If a tray can't be picked up, wonder how much cleaning really goes on in the rooms?If you want a hotel near Times Square, then this is the place for you. Personally, I would not stay in this area again. It is way too crowded.	
Jul 27 2009 	Superb Location friendly staff	Could not fault location we were able to walk to many attractions. Most staff are lovely. Housekeeping is a bit slow trays left in hallways for ages. Shared room with 3 women and we would have liked another mirror over the table. Overall I will book this hotel again, really clean and comfortable with helpful staff.	
Jul 26 2009 	right on 42nd street couldn't get any more central!	This is a lovely hotel right where it needs to be. New York hotels are small (in terms of room size) but this was a decent size. the room was very modern and had everything you would expect from a hotel of this quality. The staff were great and very knowledgeable. The rooms clean and very comfortable with a few luxuries. Would recommend this again if you are staying in NYC.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Stay and Fabulous Location!!	We stayed at the Westin from Sunday to Tuesday and we had a great time. When we first checked in we didn’t have the correct voucher with us but they had no problem finding it and getting us checked in. They did it quickly and promptly without any problems. We stored our luggage in the hotel storage until the room was ready so we could explore Times Square which was a very short walk away. Solomon at the luggage storage was great! We came back to the hotel later in the day and we had a room 2508 on the 25th floor. We asked for a room on a higher floor because of what other Trip Advisor users had said and we were given one with no problems. We had a view of the Hudson River and it was beautiful! The room was a nice size for NYC and it was very modern. The room was designed nicely and very clean, but the bathroom could have had a little more counter space. The sliding door was a nice design feature in the bathroom but it didn’t lock and it didn’t help with acoustics which was a little awkward. Housekeeping did a great job with cleaning it everyday and when we would come back in the middle of the day it was always ready! The location was the best part. We were in town for a concert that was taking place in the Hard Rock Café and it was just down the street!! Super close!! It was a short walk to Times Square and the Theatre District!! We even walked to Central Park which didn’t take that long. Tons of shops, restaurants, and things to do near by!! When we checked out we stored out luggage for the afternoon while we explored the city before our flight home. They had it ready when we needed it and they even got us a taxi to JFK. Everyone was great at the Westin!!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent hotel for families with babies; Staff is very helpful friendly!	My wife and I decided to spend 2 nights in New York City with our 9-month old daughter. It was our first trip away from home with her, so we wanted to make sure we chose a hotel that would offer all the amenities and comforts of home. We chose The Westin New York at Times Square, and we chose right! From the moment we pulled up in front of the hotel and were greeted by Paul, the valet person, we knew this was going to be a great hotel and a great vacation. Our bags were unloaded from the car by the bell-hop immediately, and brought up to our room without a fuss. I made our reservations on-line at the hotel's own website, and there was a space to enter special requests for our room. I requested a &quot;Heavenly Crib&quot; for our baby, as well as a refrigerator and microwave to store and prepare her food. Within tens minutes of our arrival to our room, room service delivered the crib, fridge and microwave with a smile. Upon checking in at the reception area on the 2nd floor, we were told that our room had been upgraded to a Corner King room, which was the perfect size to accommodate the crib and still provide room for my wife and I to comfortably move around the room. All the Westin employees were friendly and cheerful. You'd see a bell-hop in the elevator or a maid in the hall and they'd all stop for a moment and say &quot;Hello, how are you today?&quot; The location is great--just a block west of the hustle and bustle of Times Square--and access to all the major subway lines is literally around the corner, so you can get anywhere you need to go to in a matter of minutes. We took our daughter to the free water-park/playground in Madison Square Park (23rd street and Madison Ave on the N, R, or W subway) and she loved it. We also took her to Toys R Us in Times Square and her eyes lit up the entire time. The day before we checked out, we took the subway to Union Square/14th Street and bought a bunch of fresh fruits and veggies at the Farmers Market to take home with us. We ordered in-room dining each night, and the food was excellent. The gnocchi with chicken and vegetables in vodka sauce was delicious, and even something as simple as a cheeseburger was really tasty. If you're traveling to NYC with young kids or infants, I'd definitely recommend the Westin New York at Times Square for an easy, stress-free experience.	
Jul 22 2009 	Everything below average except vacation	Booked a corner suite at 10am , and on arrival at the hotel at 1pm, booking was lost - I had to go to print it from Business centre. I was told it would not be available until 7pm. What kind of hotel is set up like that? Front Desk staff (Ceaser) surly and unhelpful - why would a responsible Front Office person hire someone to do this. He rebooked us into a smaller suite (yes, at a lower rate) but with no door between the master and the living room - and when the sofabed is open in the 'living room' - no room to live. Three phone calls and six hours later, the mssing room service and guest service menu appeared. Just below below average for a Westin	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Hotel 	Excellent, clean, quite rooms and was 1/2 blk away from the center of Times square. About 85% of the things that we wanted to do was within walking distance of the hotel. The other places that we wanted to go was a block walk to the nearest subway station or a cab ride away. The staff were very helpful in answering any questions.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great stay no problems	I recently spent a week at this Westin with my daughter. I am a Starwood member and used my points for the room. We had a nice room on the 41st floor. Upon entering the hotel, we were cordially welcomed in the lobby. As we would be arriving in the city early, I had called the day prior and requested early check in. We had a short wait in the preferred check in line, but we were checking in when most were checking out. Check in was extremely quick and they had our room ready for us (11 a.m.) I also asked if they had a refrigerator available as my daughter has allergies and it is most helpful to have a refrigerator. She informed me that they would have one sent to our room. I also asked for 4:00 late check-out and this was never a problem. I found the location to be fine. We were one block from Times Square. Subway entrance was very close. As we were there for a week, this became an easy means of travel once we figured it out (cheaper than the taxis). The staff in the lobby were always very helpful answering questions and assisting us with maps. The hotel is attached to a movie theater which was great for an evening entertainment. The hotel was very clean. I seldom choose to use the additional costs of internet and phones, so the pricing did not matter. We found free access to the internet in Times Square and I believe the restaurant near the theater had free wifi, although we did not use it. I did have some problems with my cell phone signal in the hotel room.This was my second stay in New York City, previously staying at a Sheraton. I found this hotel to have a larger room size. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. No problems, no complaints. I would stay here again, especially on points.	
Jul 19 2009 	Christmas in NYC (at the Westin Times Square)	My wife and I stayed at the Westin Times Square (&quot;WTS&quot;) between December 23, 2008 and December 27, 2008. The hotel wasn't our first choice but we were able to secure a smoking rate during the high travel season in the week before Christmas. When we arrived the evening of 12/23, I was expecting to have to wait in line for a while prior to checking in - that was not the case. There were hardly and people waiting in the check-in line. We were designated a room on a higher floor (can't remember the floor # exactly but we needed to use to second elevator bank that only served the top floors). Our luggage arrived at our room only a short time after we did, and the bellhop was extremely nice and offered many great suggestions. I was a little skeptical of what to expect of the room itself after some of the reviews I'd previously read on TripAdvisor, but upon inspection the room was very clean and surprisingly comfy given its smaller size than I was accustomed to. Our view gave to the Hudson River, and we could even see some of the lights of Times Square. My only complaint of the room would be the bathroom - it was small and lacked the countertop space for my wife and me to store our bathroom items.I know some people have written complaints of the customer service at WTS. We didn't have any bad experiences with the staff, and in fact, we actually had one of the desk clerks go out of his way for us on Christmas night. Due to the holiday, most of the good restaurants were not open for dinner. We had the option of eating at one of the chain-restaurants in Times Square but wanted something different. We settled on trying to find authentic NYC pizza and asked a gentleman at the front desk who immediately rattled off the names of his favorite places. He then picked up the phone and began dialing until he found one that was open. We grabbed a cab and dined on fabulous pizza at Joe's (as seen in the Spider Man movies). We never would have found this place (and it's entirely possible we wouldn't have gotten to eat that night) if not for the front desk agent.Overall Pros of WTS:Central locationEasy access to cabs/limosOnly a 5 minute walk to the heart of Times Square and even less to the nearest subway entrance (if I recall you can access several different lines all within a stone's throw of the hotel)Has that &quot;Westin hip&quot; feel that I've grown to expect of this brand.Overall Cons of WTS:Some of the surrounding streets are not the cleanest nor do they attract people you would want to associate with (clearly this is due to the fact that Times Square is so close, but it was definitely something worth noting).Small bathrooms.Uber-expensive cocktail lounge (hey it's NYC - everything is expensive here).Business center is not free to use a computer and I recall they charge by the minute.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great view but at a price	We stayed at the Westin over the 4th July weekend last year and arrived at around 7pm on Friday evening from the airport after a flight from London. The first thing we heard was the our room (Deluxe Corner King) wasn't ready as a number of house keeping staff had not showed up for work due to the 4th July celebrations. This wasn't what we wanted to hear after a long journey.We were offered a transfer to another hotel in the area, but I had specifically decided on the Westin after much research. We've already been to Manhattan 7 times so you start to get picky about where you stay. We were then given vouchers for drinks in the lobby bar and told to return in an hour. At about 9 the room was still not ready but we were told that it would be. Finally it was ready and to thank us for our patience and good humour we were rewarded with full access to the Executive Club lounge, daily breakfast in Shula's, further drinks vouchers and $150 credit. I don't think they could have done more.The room was nice, though I've been in larger and paid a lot less. We had a great view from the 36th floor towards the Hudson and north up 8th Ave towards Columbus Circle. The bathroom was spacious but rather severe with the black slate flooring which was hard on the feet after a while. The hallways on each floor were simply standard hotel fare which could easily have been in a 2* motel - nothing special.While the lobby was quite spacious and on two floors, it did feel a bit like a department store having to ride an escalator to reach reception. However, it was an oasis of calm compared to the crowds outside.The hotel was nice and I'm glad we had the chance to stay there once. However, I would not choose to stay there again, mainly because the location was far too busy and I didn't think the interior of the building was special enough to warrant the room rate. However, I suppose this is partly due to the location, right in the centre of the action.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Location....But	Hotel location is great. Easy walk to everthing. Checking in was told only room available was a handicapped room. Stating I wasn't handicapped and reminding clerk I had made my reservations in March I wanted the room I had booked. Reluctantly, she gave it to me. Stated it was an upgrade. I don't think so. Room was great - very large. Housekeeping was another issue. One morning opened coffee pot to find used coffee bag still in it. Next day no coffee at all plus no cups and dirty rag left behind. Bed was not a Heavenly Bed. Hard as a rock. Staff was not friendly. Not willing to help except for nice man who helped me Fed Ex packages home. IThese are little things. If you can get past all that I would definitely give it another try.	
Jul 17 2009 	Worst service - need to remove Westin's name from this hotel	As a Starwood platinum member for several years, I have come to appreciate the Westin brand in many cities and vacation spots. This hotel is clean and the initial impression is comensurate with that of other Westin's. The service, however, was terrible. Prior to check in, I was assured on the phone that my room would be upgraded. After waiting in the Gold/Platinum check in line for 40 minutes, the clerk informed me that no check in was available, but they would upgrade me for the following night and move my luggage. After repacking the following morning, I came back the following night and found that the hotel failed to fulfill its promise. I went back to speak to someone. I waited again for 45 minutes in line as no one was available other than a single front desk person. Vanessa appologised for my experience and &quot;guaranteed&quot; me a move the following day. She asked me to repack my luggage the following morning for the room move. When I returned to my hotel that night, I was told they were unable to upgrade me. I asked to speak to a manager. I was told that one was not available. I left my phone number, but did not hear back. When I finally returned and found one, the manager was appologetic, but most unhelpful. I am okay with waiting in lines. I am also okay with not being upgraded. I am not okay with being lied to or messed with. It felt like the staff had no respect for my time (packing and unpacking twice), waiting in line. I have requested that this hotel be removed from my firm's preferred vendor list.	
Jul 15 2009 	Always a great place to stay in NYC!	I always stay here when traveling by myself to NYC. I was excited to bring my 3 young children back with me for the Macy's Parade. The general manager had promised me it would be a trip to remember, and she lived up to those expectations! We were upgraded to an AMAZING two-room suite and the girls had the best time 'living the high life' for the next 4 days. I felt no different about the hotel after coming there with my children - it was, as always, super clean, had an above-average staff ready to assist with anything, and was just an overall super comfortable place to come back to after a crazy day in the city. The only complaint I have is that, without fail, there was a discrepency in my final bill after I got home (I have never stayed where there wasn't one). It is never a simple process to dispute with their billing department (the only part of the property that lacks the same great service I come back for) and it is the one thing that will, eventually, prevent me from going back there if it happens again (I'm giving the property one last chance in September). My suggestion to anyone planning to stay there; is to keep all email confirmations and make sure everything on the bill is perfect before you leave. (I was unable to do this the last time since it took almost an hour for the front desk to get us a car to go to the airport and, by then, we needed to leave or miss our flight). I cannot say enough wonderful things about the property and the day-to-day staff and REALLY hope the Westin Times Square figures out a way to overcome this one short-fall.Other than the above, I think it is a guaranteed great stay if you're trying to find a quality place to rest your head in this wonderful-fun city!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Helpless in the Westin	The location of the Westin is nice... If you need to be right next to the subway! Otherwise, everything that we did was 7 blocks away on Broadway, the shows, the activities, the resturaunts. I was irritated that when we wanted to extend our stay, because I was almost a week late because I was stuck in Iraq due to sand storms, the Westin wanted to double the price of the room because they were filling up. Hooray for capatilism, but I will never stay there again. Another major complaint... across the board for the high end hotels (which this was not, but they think they are) the high prices for everything..... internet 20.00 per day (and was slow as hell), local calls 1.00 each, water 4.50 a 16 oz bottle... the list goes on and on... What a joke!We ended up finishing our trip at the Crowne Plaza on broadway.. much nicer room, close to all of the action, the shows, the park, the resturaunts ect.... My opinion, save the money and the hassle and stay at the Crowne!	
Jul 11 2009 	awesome	This place goes over and above to make you feel welcome. I had stayed there once before and wanted a room overlooking the Hudson. We went for our anniversary. Not only did we get a room overlooking the river, but the night we arrived there was a dessert for two and an anniversary card delivered to our room---no charge. :) Shula's Restaurant also did the same when we ate there and they asked what we came to NYC for. One night it was raining as we were headed to see a show. The security desk downstairs provided us with an umbrella. The room was spacious and clean, and the concierge, Melanie Portsche, was more than happy to answer any question. Also just off Broadway means it's quiet, but within walking distance of anything in Midtown. Thanks for a great trip, Westin Times Square :)	
Jul 10 2009 	BEST HOTEL EVER	i stayed at the westin hotel just over a week ago and i have to say it was the best hotel ever. the location was fantastic. we checked in with no problems and the reception staff were very polite and helpful. we was on the 34th floor and didint have a bad view. the room was massive and spacious alot bigger than i thought. the bed was so comfy and plenty of storage. the bathroom was big to with plenty of towels i loved the shower. we was given 50 dollars to spend on food in the hotel we used it on breakfast every morning we was there. the waiters were very polite. the food was amazing alot to choose from i got mega full. the people are polite friendly and very helpful. when i go to new york again i will be defiantly staying in that hotel you cant fault it. id recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 9 2009	Great location Yet Disappointed	We just got back from a stay here and I was disappointed. The lobby was wonderful and the service was great. The room was spacious, yet the bed was lumpy and a bit hard. The view was alright, for it overlooked a street that was pretty, but it was blocked a little by the tops of some buildings. The location was perfect. it was in walking distant of everything. It wasn't what I expected and I wouldn't stay again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good hotel great location	My wife and I and two grown up sons stayed at the Westin NYC @ Times Square for 4 nights over the Independence Day holiday. (Officially named “The Westin New York City at Times Square”; why on earth do they make the names so long? )The hotel is just 300 yards away from Broadway and Times Square. It is also about 1200 yards, 10-15 minutes’ walk from the Hudson River.Check in was easy peasy and our bags arrived at the room just a few minutes later after being dropped at the porter station on the ground floor. The reception staff, porters, waiters, in fact all staff were warm and friendly at all times.We had 2 adjoining rooms on the 44th floor (I requested a higher floor, a double and a twin room) The rooms were fine, clean, with comfy beds etc, plenty of towels etc, nothing that you wouldn’t expect in a busy 4 star city centre hotel. The rooms were bigger than I expected, but in saying that, with Times Square and the rest of New York outside, we didn’t spend too much time in the hotel or the room. There was a health club and spa on the 23rd floor, but no pool. But there was a pool available in a nearby sister hotelThere were a couple of very minor maintenance issues which were hardly worth mentioning during our stay. I mentioned them to reception just before we checked out and the maintenance man was up within minutes to fix them.It irritates me that in rooms costing over £170 a night, they charge for internet accessOur rooms were on the east side of the hotel and we had a great view of the Empire State Building. However, it could have been good to have a view looking towards the Hudson River for the fireworks on the 4th of July. Restaurant Row is about 10 minutes stroll away. But round the hotel are hundreds of bars, cafes, restaurants, fast food joints around the place, from $ to $$$$$ so you will never go hungry or thirsty. We ate in Shula’s restaurant in the hotel. It was very good, but not cheap	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location in Times Square	I stayed at the Westin for one night while I was on a business trip in NYC. There was no line when I checked-in, so the check-in process was very quick. My room, with a King sized bed, was nice, but not overly large. There was a little room to walk around the bed, but that's about it. There was a nice work area with ample lighting and work surface. You could even rotate the TV so that you could watch TV while working. There is both wired and wireless Internet access provided, but of course, they do charge you for it. The room had a iPod clock radio, so you could dock your iPod to the system and play your music. For the life of me though, I couldn't figure out how to work the alarm portion of the device. The sheets were clean and the bed was soft, but comfy. The bathroom was actually fairly large although much of it was wasted space. It had a walk-in shower and no shower curtain. Lighting was a bit on the sparse side for my liking. The sink was small and had virtually no counter space. The whole thing was stainless steel, and gave me the impression of something you might see in a prison cell. Most importantly, it was clean! HVAC system worked well and overall noise level in the room was low. They have all sorts of movies on demand although I didn't watch any of those. The TV is high definition and they did have several HD channels. The check-out process via the TV didn't work for me, but it wasn't that big of a deal. The bill was delivered under my door during the night and I simply had to drop my key off in an express box on my way out. A USA Today paper was also delivered in the morning.The location of the hotel was great. It's in Times Square and only a block away from the heart of Times Square. I walked to the hotel from Penn Station and it was only about a 15-20 minute walk. From the bus station, it would have only been a 5-10 minute walk. Lots of restaurants nearby and of course you are very close to all sorts of theaters.Bottom line, I would stay at this hotel again the next time I find myself in NYC.	
Jul 7 2009 	Bedbugs	Checked out of this hotel, Room 3909, at approximately 1:15 p.m. on Monday, July 6th. While checking out, reported bed bug bites to hotel personnel named Cesar at the front desk. He took my phone number and said someone would call me to discuss. That didn't happen. I just hope the hotel has taken appropriate measures so that the next guest doesn't suffer as I am now. Having never had this problem before, I wasn't sure when we checked out if they were actually bedbug bites, but went home and looked up online. Photos and descriptions of the bites and itching match exactly what we see on our bodies. This is phenominally disgusting.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great hotel in perfect times square location	Just stayed here for 4 nights. Great hotel. Got an amazing rate on Priceline $145/night. Rooms were really trendy, very clean and very spacious. Concierge was great had alot of great suggestions. If you have any doubts about staying here dont the place is fantastic.	
Jul 7 2009 	Unexplained charges	I pre-paid for two nights back in April. When I checked in I was told that there would be a $150 security deposit....that was somewhat ok with me. It wasn't until I got home that I noticed that the hotel was holding nearly $400 on my card. When I called to complain, billing told me that it would fall off in a couple of days. When I asked why I was charged more that the $150 deposit, she could not give me an answer. After speaking to my bank, I called back to the hotel but to no avail. The billing department would not answer their phones. I was either directed to voicemail, back to the main desk or hung up on. The lady at the main desk gave me attitude for calling back when I was hung up on. When I called the 800 number to the Starwood Preffered Guest, I was told the matter would be dealt with and someone would be calling me back within a half hour. No one ever did. I'm still waiting for my funds to be released. Aside from billing, the rooms are a good size (even though I didn't get the room with city views I booked). The location is great and although the concerige and front desk agents aren't too friendly, the luggage handlers couldn't be more helpful. Be sure to print your boarding passes in the business center...it's free.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great hotel close to everything	We stayed 2 nights at the Westin and were very impressed with the staff (much more friendly than the staff at San Francisco Market St. location). Very helpful. Location is less than 5 min walk from Broadway, hop-on, hop-off bus tours, subway. It is a very good launching point for all sight-seeing in NYC. The room was very clean, not much of a view, but we didn't spend much time in our room. Love the heavenly bed experience.	
Jul 5 2009 	Service Express is anything but	I stayed at the Westin New York Times Square for a week in June 2009 with family. We reserved Club Rooms but were advised at check-in that the Club lounge would not be available and were given $25 credit per person per day, which had to be applied against food and beverage charges (ie. could not be applied against room charge or car service). The rooms are large, the beds are very comfortable, the bathroom was large as well but done in a modern decor with slate or rock type floors and stainless steel sink which seemed a bit cold. Service throughout our staff was an issue. The only button on the phone to request various services was the service express button (ie. no separate buttons for front desk, housekeeping, bell desk, etc.). However, that button was annoying to use as often it would ring 7, 8 or 9 times before it is answered by some call centre located somewhere else in the country, which then contacts the hotel department in the hotel to arrange the service. Half the day, the requested service was not fulfilled or took a long time to fulfill. One time, my brother called the service express button many times in a row and could not get through and only got a busy signal. In desperation, we simply pressed 0, hoped for the hotel operator, managed to get her and got her to connect us to housekeeping to deal with the request we had. I had trouble with my computer and the wireless system of the hotel numerous times (the cable connection in my room was not working at all). Each time I had to call service express, which then directed me to the help desk, again located in a call centre somewhere else in the country and each time I had a different tech support representative help me with no knowledge of the history of my recurring problem with my computer and the hotel wi-fi system. A couple of times, my bill also showed a charge for a toll free call for my call being redirected by the operator to the help desk. The charges were removed when I mentioned it to the front desk but that they appeared on my bill was annoying. Housekeeping was uneven. The bed was not properly made one day as the whole comforter had slipped to the end of the bed causing the occupant of the bed to feel cold, sometimes a free bottle of water was left for us and sometimes not, sometimes toiletries were replaced and sometimes not. In the end I decided to pass on my complaints, particularly with the service express concept to the night manager. She was very understanding but I am not sure there is anything she can do to change the system. As it is though, the service express system is anything but service or express, and in a Westin chain hotel charging high prices, is simply not good enough. I cannot recommend the hotel at this point. Also a word on location. While it is located almost on Times Square at Eighth and between 42nd and 43rd Street (diagonal from the Port Authority), the Eighth Avenue side is still a bit more iffy looking than the Broadway/7th Ave. sides of Times Square. Also, perhaps of the location on such a key intersection, we seemed to hear emergency vehicle sirens throughout the day and night almost every single day and night of our stay. We were located on the 10th floor but could still clearly and loudly hear the sirens from our rooms.	
Jul 3 2009 	Stay for the location and quiet	We're in NY for only a few days and I chose the hotel basically for the location. It ended up being the right decision. We are 2 adults and 1 teen and I was able to get into a slightly bigger room with two doubles. The room was pretty typical and wasn't tiny like some others in the city would've been. But because of the size, it wasn't up on the nice view levels but only on the 16th floor. The things we didn't like were the mildew smell which hit you when you walked into the room; a sign of humidity but I was surprised that they didn't have a way to eliminate it. The weekend maid service was below average but during the week, the service was as expected. The beds were the standard Westin beds, comfy enough for me. Probably the best part of the hotel besides location was it was quiet. We knew the other rooms were occupied around us, but never heard them. I definitely appreciated the quietness once we were back in the room and needing to relax and at bedtime.Now back to the location. We were at 42nd and 8th street which is 1 block from the port authority station and a subway station litteraly right a few doorways down from the entrance. We used the coach USA bus from EWR and that dropped us off at the port authority station to give us only a short walk with our luggage to the hotel. Daily we used the subway and had short hops on and off the 8th street stations. That was the best. Also, the hotel being at 8th street gave us 1 block over on 9th street some nice local eating places that were removed from the times square crowds.I recommend this hotel if location is a priority. If you need space for family or mini kitchen facilities, this won't work for you.	
Jul 1 2009 	Housekeeping Service???	I am a SPG Gold and used points for a recent free stay. Check in was smooth and we were upgraded to a club floor room for our 3 night stay. That's where the good news ends. There were no robes in the room and we called and asked for them as well as for the down comforter to be removed. Left for dinner, nothing done. Called and they showed up at half hour later at midnight. Next afternoon, asked if we could have turndown service, agreed, returned that evening, nothing done. Clincher was the final night. Got back to the room and noticed that there was very little toilet paper left on the roll. Then noticed there wasn't any additional tissue anywhere. Another phone call. Another half hour. Free room or not, this is no way to run a Westin Hotel.	
Jul 1 2009 	nice oasis in hectic city	We stayed here during the last weekend in june. It's like arriving in an oasis in hectic, crowded NYC. We stayed in a club level room, these are very spacious and weel equiped. sadly there not on the highest floors, so you miss a bit of views there. During our stay the club lounge was closed. But the staff gave us a 50 dollar credit for each night of our stay. The roomservice is quick, personal and very good. very nice after a long flight from Europe. Shula's restaurant offers a fantastic breakfast and a fine diner. They have some of the best steaks I have had in a long time. Bar 10 is sometimes very busy but still OK. The location at the corners of 42nd and 43rd at 8th ave. makes it a little noisy evenb at the 16th floor, but that helps you never to forget you're in NYC. The views from the window are fantastic, I could still see a little bit of the Hudson. Eassy acces to public transport, great location to get around, near the big shops and theatres. The service is friendly, helpfull and polite. All in all a place to return to.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location	I stayed there with my 11 year old son. It was our first trip to NY. Check in was fairly smooth,however they failed to have annotated my request for an upgrade,which I had noted that I was willing to pay for. However, was told they had no other rooms as it was completely booked. Our room was fairly large and comfortable. However, we were given a room on the 7th floor, with complimentary breakfast and evening hors derves . SKIP THE BREAKFAST. The hotel is in the middle of everything,theaters,restaurants, times square,subways. The Beds are AWESOME. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Disappointed in rooms and hotel service	My husband and I are starwoods members and love staying at a Westin Hotel. We go into NYC a few times a year and stay over and usually are unable to stay at the Westin in NYC as it is quite pricey. Well, travelzoo had a deal, so we were psyched because it was under $250 a night, which is almost half price. So we jumped at it and booked directly through the Westin's website with the travelzoo coupon code. Well we were supposed to get a deluxe city view room, with breakfast, and free access to the gym. We got there and they only had us in a standard room. The front desk person was good about it and upgraded us to a spa room b/c they had no deluxe rooms, but I did have to argue a bit to get it. So we get into our new room, and I notice a bit of water on the bathroom floor, my husband says not to worry, probably from them cleaning. Well, turns out it was a huge leak from the toilet so we had to call and complain again and a manager was supposed to contact us right away. 30 minutes later(mind you we originally checked in at 3 and it is now after 6 at this point), no call, so my husband goes down and talks to the original guy and he upgrades us to a corner deluxe room. It was annoying and we never had this kind of experience before at a Westin hotel. The beds were not as comfy as other hotels, the mattress in both rooms, sagged and the shower in the room we finally wound up in, had poor pressure. To top it off,it was our anniversary weekend and although the location was good, I would not stay at this westin again. Very disappointed.	
Jun 29 2009 	WHAT A GREAT HOTEL	My family and I just returned from our trip to NYC this past weekend. The Westin hotel at Times Square was topshelf with it's service and location. Right down from the Hotel GM to the service staff, our stay was outstanding. The hotel is located in the heart of the action and offers something for everyones tastes. We will be returning very soon to this hotel!Thanks Westin Times Square	
Jun 27 2009 	Hotel very good service needs some help.	Stayed at the Westin for 5 days. The locations is great, the rooms are clean and well kept. The employees at the front desk are very helpful and polite.Beware of the bartenders in the Bar 10 bar. Watch your cash. We had bought some chocolate cake and gave the bartender a one hundred dollar bill to pay for the cake. We were waiting for our change and at that time they were switching shifts. When the new bartender came on he gave us a new bill for our cake we told him that we had already gave a hundred dollar bill to the previous bartender he just laughed and said sure you did. We had to have him look through all the pervious bill holders to look for our money, he then stated that it was not there. We made him look again and surprise he found our money and gave us our change. Felt like they were trying to scam us. No apology no anything we just took our change and cake and left. Also do not buy your theater tickets there they have a 100% markup and the conceigre does not even bother to tell you that. The seats were very good but could of walked across the street and got them for one hundred dollars less!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great time in NYC	The Westin was a great hotel. It was very clean and a good location to walk everywhere.There was 6 of us 3 Moms 3 teenage girls and it worked out very well. The best night was Saturday when Steve Carell and Tina Fey were filming outside our hotel that was fun to see and the kids thought that was great!	
Jun 20 2009 	Perfect for me	I should have written this ages ago and I thought I had. My first visit to NYC and I wanted the big apple experience and boy did I get it. Got a great deal on a deluxe room at Westin. Check in was a breeze, great service. They were sorry that they didn't have a corner room for me as I requested but gave me a deluxe room on the 43rd floor. The room was perfect, great view, clean and spacius and with 2 huge and perfect beds.Daily cleaning service perfect and very friendly and helpfull to any needs we might have, 2 girls with long hair we needed lots of schampoo and conditioner. Only thing with room was that the inroom safe was locked at arrival and we didn't bother getting it open.I recomend this hotel to anyone going for a sightseeing shopping trip to New York, the location can't be beaten and hotel perfect for resting and luxury. I've stayed at many 5 star hotels mostly in London and can tell you that the Westin has set the bar pretty high.	
Jun 16 2009 	Not as good as it seems	This is my second visit to New York in the past 8 months and have stayed in 3 hotels in total in the city (all are luxury/ 5 star hotels). Westin, though may be attractive with its new decor and up class design plus good location, the service is one of the poorest 5 stars I have ever stayed in. First it started with a poor check-in experience. I arrived with my husband and son past midnight (after our flight was delayed due to bad weather). Being very tired and all, we were being checked-in into a room which is 'not ready'. The room door was left ajar before we entered and as we pushed open the door, the room was in total darkness and has a foul smell (my husband was brave enough to walk in but cannot find the switches to light up the room immediately). We quickly ran out and asked for a change of room. We were also assured by getting the exec floor room, we will have 24 hours internet service on the club room - but when we got to the club floor lounge later to do our online flight check in, we were told by the cleaning lady that the loungehas already closed at 10pm. So, guess what?! We have to pay $14.95/day to get the internet service in our room (so much about the exec club floor benefits). Next, breakfast at the lounge has a poor spread or choice of warm food (i clicked on the website promotion link a few days prior to my arrival to upgrade to a exec floor room with its benefits for just USD40 - thinking of the good food and service which I have experienced in similar hotels). After a long dramatic night the day before, I was looking forward to good food, but once we got into a crowded room, we found the variety was limited. It followed with a series of poor service at the business center when collecting my parcel which I ordered from Amazon (the guy sitting at the center was so unhappy - like I owe him big time. Guess who is the guest there?? I really dont feel like one). Then, when we were checking out, the housekeeping came and ask what time we would be leaving the hotel! The finale, the bell-boy asked for tips for bringing our luggages down to store, saying &quot;he won't be there later when I collect our stuff&quot; (I was thinking to give the tips when I picked up our luggages later) and being made to feel guilty if I dont pay the tips now (so I did! and again later of course). What a nightmare! Did I say earlier, the room I was given facing an ugly roof top of another building?? Especially when I had to compare to the service which I was offered by New York Palace just a few days before my stay with Westin. Heaven and Hell experience.	
Jun 15 2009 	Lousy Service	I stayed with 6 other family members for 2 days at The Westin, Times Square, New York in May 2009. The rooms were comfortable but below par if you consider the 'special privileges' supposedly given to a Gold Preferred Guest. One of the rooms had a bathroom door that just refused to lock itself ! And this is a major problem if you have other family members roaming around - so much for privacy ! Moreover, the other room seemed to have been in use previously on the same day and wasnt ready when we arrived. The bed wasnt made up, there was trash around and the toilet was a mess. Probably the turnover time may have been minimal, so if it is rectified, it shouldnt be a problem, right ? But after bringing it to the notice of the staff, we waited for 2 hours huddled up in the other room but no one turned up. On repeated calls, we were told the room is ready and has been serviced but when I went to check, I found out that it was still a mess - no one had come to the room ! After 3 calls and a wait of 2 hours, we left for sightseeing. Upon our return, 4 hours later, thankfully the room was as good as new and the bathroom door was fine too (thank god !). Another problem was that the complimentary coffee, sugar etc in the rooms were not replenished the next day. But by that time, we had pretty low expectations and didn't bring it to the notice of the staff.I am not very fussy generally but when your family is using a large chunk of their Preferred Guest points to book a hotel on a prime location, you expect much better. The room had all the basic comforts but the service was truly lousy ! The location is obviously a big advantage - and gives you a high to look down upon Times Square. If you want to experience this feeling, go and give the Westin a try. But if you are looking for Value for Money, you could probably give it a miss !	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This was our first trip to NYC and the Westin made our stay outstanding. The hotel itself is one block away from Times Square The front of the hotel sits on 8th Ave. which is home to a plethora of restuarants and activity. As for the room, it was outstanding. Like mentioned before, this was our first trip to NYC so I cannot attest the room size in comparison to other Manhattan hotels. To us, the room was a comfortable size. I feel the need to mentioned that we had a Westin Executive Club level room, so the room may be larger because of that level. The bed was comfortable and the television was large. The iMac that was in the room was essentially pointless. You have to pay for internet connectivity and we never even moved the mouse. The bathroom was....different. My wife thought it was great. It was large in size. However, to me at least, there was very little counter space and the shower was poorly designed. At 6'3&quot;, I did not have enough room to extend my elbows without hitting the double shower head or towel rake. Again though, for my wife, it was the perfect size and she loved the double shower.The only negative comment I can say about the hotel is in regards to some of the staff. With the Executive Club level room, we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast in the Executive Lounge and access to the fitness center. However, the staff in the Executive Lounge were not pleasant and seemed quite mad at the world. This statement is not to include all staff though. Several times we asked for directions or restuarant recommendation and the front desk and bellhop staff provided excellent information. Overall, this was quite an enjoyable experience. The hotel excelled in several areas and we will look into returning on our next trip.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Location smaller rooms	This hotel is right in the center of the time square. It is a great location. The rooms are however a bit smaller for the price, but then this is the average size for most hotels in Manhattan area.The bed was one of the most comfortable ones I have used before.The onsite bar is a bit small and gets crowded at times, but it is very convenient if you are looking to get a quick drink.The decor and ambience is very contemporary and eye-pleasing.	
Jun 11 2009 	Clean friendly but times square noise	Stayed here for a second time this year and was pleasantly surprised both times. This hotel has everything you would expect from a new and well maintained Westin. Except for the St.Regis, the rooms in the Westin are far superior to the other starwood properties in the NYC area (W Hotels, Sheraton, etc). The hotel gets a more mature crowd so it is not abuse by party goers like the W. If you are a starwood Gold member or higher ask for a corner room, its a great upgrade and an even greater view. Please keep in mind that this is times square aka the &quot;tourist trap&quot; so be prepared to deal with lots of noise, the higher the floor the less noise you will have to deal with. Great access to subway - NQRW123ACES trains all within 1 block!	
Jun 8 2009 	Just okay - a little disappointing	After reading many positive reviews, we decided to book a room for one night. Considering the location, proximity to the Port Authority and being a Westin hotel, we really thought the hotel was going to be great. Deluxe city view was just okay. Bathroom was the best part because of the awesome double shower. Room service was fine. No complaints there. Front desk staff didn't seem to be very familiar with the area as to give suggestions of places to eat. We found that very annoying considering they are right in Times Square. Will not be coming back to this hotel. I guess we had high expectations because the Boston Westin is beautiful and it is in a very nice part of the city. Hotel location is great if you are going to a show, other than that, book somewhere else away from stinky hot dogs stands.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location	Just returned from an anniversary stay at the Westin and have to say that this is a great hotel perfectly located for the tourist that wants to see the sites. Fifth Avenue, central park and Grand central station (to name just a few sites and streets) are all within walking distance. Used the subway and walked around at all times of the day and night and felt really safe.The staff where always happy to help with any questions we had. The one thing I would recommend you do though is not use the mini bar as the prices are something else! you can always get ''stuff'' in from the numerous stalls in Times square and yes as my wife say's this is me being tight with my monies but do me a favour and just take a look at the prices first before you judge me. Overall this is a hotel I would go back to and I would recommend to my best friend.	
May 27 2009 	What a great place to stay while in New York	We stayed at the Westin over Memorial Day weekend. We had such a wonderful trip. The hotel rooms were larger than most of the hotels we have stayed at while visting NYC. The staff were wonderful, very helpful with any needs, extremely accomodating. The location was perfect for going to the theatre, grabbing wondeful breakfasts in the morning at the local shops, and any sightseeing you want to do. I can't wait to go back!!!	
May 26 2009	Best Hotel In Times Square	I was in NY for a quick weekend get-a-way, checking in 5/16 and departing on 5/17. Although check-in time is not till 3pm, I was able to check in as soon as I arrived at 1pm. The staff was friendly and gave great suggestions for entertainment since our show didn't start till that evening. Most hotel rooms in NY are very small but this queen size bedroom was very comfortable and had all the amenities that I love, including the Apple iHome clock radio unit so that I can listing to my iPod. Although I was only there for a short time, I would definitely stay here at the Westin during my next visit.	
May 25 2009 	All I can say is Wow	Okay truth is i could never afford a room here but we won a 1day stay in a charity raffle for $250 the room was listed as $1500/night. We were set up in a Executive suite with all the amenities. Our room had 2 queen beds each with $2500 bedding ( the bed is really firm though), a apple computer ,a large flat screen TV, a slate stone bathroom with 2 shower heads, and a view of Time Square. The downsides are parking is 1block down the street and is only up to 24hr parking, it was cold outside we could feel the wind break thru the windows and here all noise of Timesquare, they charge you to use the excercise room and extra for internet access incl WIFI.	
May 25 2009	Memorable memorial weekend with kids Westin Times Square	The hotel is located in one of the busiest sections of the city on the corner of 43rd and 8th Avenue. The check-in was easy (up the escalator) and it took about 5 minutes. We got an upgrade to 45th floor with a view of the Hudson &amp; NJ. We reserved a double since we had 2 kids with us. The room was clean and comfortable. It had a flat screen TV, but since we weren't there for business we didn't look for an internet connection. The room was a good size for NYC and was big enough for the 4 of us. It had the heavenly beds indicative of a Westin. The bathroom was larger than I expected for NYC. It was modernly decorated with a large bathtub, pocket door and double shower heads. The water pressure was a bit weak, but the bathroom was CLEAN, no mold on the shower curtain, bathtub, tiles or sink and no stray hair. My only complaint is that the toilet flushes really, really loud. We didn't use the room service or the restaurants in the hotel. There is a Starbucks (on 44th) and cafe Europa next door for coffee in the morning. No need to pay $8 for a cup of coffee or $4 for bagel.There's some construction nearby but since we were on the 45th floor we weren't bothered by the noise. I was awakened by some drunk men getting off the elevator the first night but we got them back since our kids wake up at 6am and watch cartoons. When we checked out we were charged for 6 cans of beer. I had moved them around since I wanted the room for milk in the fridge for the kids. They removed the charges and told me that the hotel offers complementary fridges and that the minibar has sensors. When the drinks are moved it's automatically charged. They were pleasant and without attitude.The hotel is in a good location. There are lots of restaurants and grocery stores one block away on 9th ave. and is in walking distance to central park (about a mile, 15 blocks). The area has changed alot since I lived there 13 years ago and Times square is alot safer and gentrified. No more hookers or x-rated shops. We felt very safe walking around even with small kids. One note skip the Waybest Diner on 9th avenue its the way worst diner we've been to but try Nick's between 50th &amp; 51st on 9th Ave. its the best Greek restaurant.	
May 24 2009 	Fabulous Place to Stay in New York City!	My friend and I needed a girls get-away weekend and always love going to New York City. The Westin, located at the corner of 43rd and 8th is a super great location. It's close to Times Square, the subway, Grey Line Tours, and of course the most important thing, SHOPPING!!!!! The view on the 20th floor was awesome - the Hudson River, 8th avenue, and lots more. The room was beautiful as was the entire hotel, a very comfortable setting, and we heard absolutely no noise in the hall or from rooms beside us. The staff couldn't have been more gracious and always helpful with information. The hotel recently added boarding pass printing for free near the business center which was appreciated. Although we didn't have time to use any of the amenities, I'm sure they are excellent as well. We would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to anyone.	
May 23 2009 	Construction Everywhere - Oh the Noise noise noise	Booked the Westin Times Square on the strength of the Westin name. The hotel was nice , but impersonal. We had a double club room on the 14th floor. The room was smaller than I expected and the charge for internet was a bit much. These rooms are not exactly budget priced . We paid extra for the club room and we got the I-Mac computer - but had to pay to get online. Our biggest issue however was that our room door faced on to an inner courtyard of the hotel - which seemed to be used as a meeting place for business. So every morning of our stay at 7:00 am it was very noisy in our room -as there were at least 150 people milling about below our rooms clanging plates, cups etc... and chatting. That was annoying to say the least. We had asked for a quiet room and we dismayed to hear this chaos first thing in the morning. Also, throughout the night there was a lot of noise from nearby construction going on - New York is truly the city that never sleeps - at least it's construction crews! Again, the hotel was nice - but not really worth the price we paid. I have stayed in many hotels far superior at a much better price - Next time, we'll be at the Affinia Shelburne or Dumont, the Lucerne or the Blakely - they have the personal touches that make you feel special.On the upside the door men and gentlemen at the courtesy/ security desk were quite personable and helpful.	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel 	The Westin Times Square was a great place to stay for a fun weekend in NYC. It was an easy walk to the Broadway show we saw and since the weather was beautiful, a nice walk to the south end of Central Park. Thankfully its a couple blocks from Times Square so not quite as crowded. The room was spacious, trendy &amp; had a pretty good view. The hotel bar was chill and the service was excellent. Highly recommended (and a great value if you can catch it on Priceline).	
May 20 2009 	Really enjoyed the Westin	My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 1 night while my parents were in town visiting. We booked a high floor room with a view and that is exactly what we got. We had a great view where we could see 42nd street and some of Times Square. The room was very clean. The TV was a little bit small, but the furnishings were nice. As others have noted, the sliding bathroom door is a bit weird. Check-in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. I thought the lobby was really nice. They have a Shula's there. Have not eaten at that location, but have in other cities and we really enjoy the food there. Wanted to check out the bar but it was closed when we got back to the hotel after gallivanting around town. We would definitely stay here again. The location is great!	
May 19 2009 	never disappointed !	Just back from our second stay there. Incredible location. Nice view on the Hudson River ( high floor ). Room big enough by NewYork standards. Staff very welcoming. Only complaints = a little hot in the room / internet should be free considering price of rooms . Plan to visit again !	
May 19 2009 	Room smelled.	We only stayed one night, but we found the staff to be unattentive, carpet in room very dirty and the toilet made a harsh sound when flushed. The Good Stuff - we got a discount on Parking, the shower and bed were amazing. Location was good..	
May 17 2009 	Like staying in a college dorm	With big hotels like this you'll get lots of mixed reviews. If you're used to staying in a LaQuinta - this place is fine. If you're used to staying in something better, you'll wish you'd gone somewhere else.My normal standby hotel in mid-town was sold out and the Westin was only two blocks from where I was supposed to go to a meeting. As such, I thought I would try it out - that turned out to be a bad idea. Like most large hotels in mid-town the Westin is more like a college dorm. The rooms are tiny, the ceilings are low, and everything just seems worn and cheap. The hotel had a &quot;modern&quot; look to it that showed signs of wear given the huge numbers of guest who churn through the revolving doors each day.When I checked in the didn't have the type of room I'd reserved, so they downgraded me without downgrading the price. When I asked if they'd lower the rate, they did. However, when I got the final bill they'd only made the change for one night. I called and they were happy to change it for both nights. It wasn't hard to get done, it was just a pain.The Westin beds were quite comfortable and the floor we were on was very quiet. Our maid was nice and thorough. However, she could only work with what she had. The bathroom was very small and had a polished aluminum or stainless steel sink that looked like it was straight out of a prison. The shower was small with terribly weak water pressure.There were plenty of clean towels but the toilet paper seemed cheap.The closet had full length mirrored doors that looked straight out of the 1980s. There was over-priced wifi internet with slow connection speeds.The worst part about the hotel was the premium price for the sub-par hotel.If you're going to mid-town, you can do better than the Westin.	
May 15 2009 	never fails to meet my expectations.	This is my third trip to NY and having tried other hotels for a couple of nights I have always returned to this one. From the moment you walk in the door - one block away from Times Square and Broadway - the staff make you feel very welcome and you get the impression that nothing would be too much trouble for them.The hotel is well maintained and very clean if a little impersonal in it's decor. Elevators are always available to take guests to the higher floors. The cocktail bar is decent and Shula's restaurant does great steak!All the rooms I have been in have been well presented, large by NY standards and well equipped, with all electrical goods operational and easy to find. The coffee machine in each room is a nice touch with STarbucks coffee available as complimentary.Hotel is in ideal location to Times Square and Broadway and the hotel staff are always on hand to help out with any queries you may have about the local area, showtimes, tours etc.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in NY.	
May 12 2009 	Not horrible but I wouldn't stay here again	My husband and I live in NYC, but stayed at the Westin Times Square last Thursday night for a &quot;night out.&quot; The room was so-so. The outlet in the bathroom is over the toilet, so you literally have to blow your hair dry over the toilet. Another problem - you get no cell phone reception in the hotel, so you have to use the hotel phone to make all of your calls and they charge several dollars for each call (I think about $5 per call with taxes, but can't recall for sure), so it adds up quickly. Also, no cell phone service means no blackberry service, so I had to log on to my computer (pay $15 for internet service) just to see if I had received e-mails. The bed was comfortable and we got a good night sleep even though you can hear noises from other rooms (people sneezing, flushing the toilet, etc., but no street noise). We went to the hotel's bar for a drink and got great service and good drinks. However, the hotel service is not so great - we called the front desk three times and asked for laundry bags, but they were never delivered.	
May 4 2009 	Great View Clean Comfortable Rooms Heavenly Shower Comfortable Bed Perfect Location... Horrible Internet!!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 3 nights in NYC April 2009. The location was great for seeing shows. The hotel can be accessed from either 42nd or 43rd and it's right in the middle of all the action. If you want to stay in the heart of Times Square - this hotel is definitely a great option!We encountered one &quot;not so friendly&quot; host at the front desk and she told us our room was not ready to try back in an hour. This was at 3:00 pm and she wasn't at all apologetic. They could have put us in another room immediately but since we had reserved a &quot;view&quot; room that wasn't ready yet - we decided to wait. The wait paid off and we got a beautiful view from the 41st floor!!! We could see the Empire State building and even a little bit of the water on the other side.The $15/day internet access was horrible!!! The wireless connection was so low I could barely use it, and the wired connection was slow and unreliable. I tried to download a couple of large files I really needed and wasn't able to get them downloaded. I feel like if they are going to ask guests to pay $15/day they should at least offer reliable high speed service.Overall I had a great time though! The rooms were clean. The dual head shower and bed were both heavenly! The street noise was never a problem and we never heard noise from other guests. It was close to all the wonderful Broadway shows NYC has to offer!!!	
Apr 28 2009 	Had a great time	Stayed at the Westin Times Square the first weekend in April. In town to see the Cubs vs Yankee and see a play. Arrived for our shortened weekend , due to weather (both coming and going) after midnight. Received an upper floor corner room with club floor access. Room was decent size ( for New York), clean and had windows on two walls ( great view). Bathroom good size, but not enough counter space. Location ideal just steps from Times Square and subways. There is a diner ( WestWay ?) 2 blocks away, good for a quick late night bite. Also had breakfast ( about $7 ). Had a lovely dinner at Trattoria Trecolori??. Food was very good and best of all not very expensive. Westin Club access came in handy. All day refreshments available, plus continental breakfast and evening drinks and appetizers. All staff we came in contact with were very friendly and courteous. There is a movie theater and additional restaurants located in the same building. Even though our 3 day weekend became one, we had a great time. Will definitely choose the Westin NY Times Square again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Top Class Hotel in a Top Class Location	My stay at the Westin was my first in New York City.Me and My girlfriend were staying for 11 nights, we booked a deluxe room through our local travel agent, costing around £1200 each including our flight from London Heathrow.Before we flew I contacted the hotel and mentioned that we were flying on valentines and because of the time difference and long flight we weren't going to celebrate it till the 17th of February.When we arrived they upgraded us to a Deluxe Corner Room which offered great views of Times Square and The Hudson river.The room was huge and so was the TV and Bathroom.The hotel staff were really friendly and the cleaning staff were very good.The Heavenly bed lived up to its name.One of the most random things the hotel offer was the view from...yes it's loo, from...let's say the thrown, (see pictures)We ordered room service on our first day as we were shattered from the flight, Shula's steak house offered a great selection in-room service and actually in the restaurant itself. The prices are reasonable.During out visit we felt right at home and welcome on our first visit to NYC.There was no draw backs to the hotel only that we had to eventually leave.NYC to me is the best place to visit i would return but only after sampling a few other New York hotels.Overall this is up there with most 5 star hotels in New York City.Thank you from a happy satisfied customer.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not great not like a Westin should be	You can tell a lot about a hotel from the moment you arrive.Well, I pulled up outside the Westin only to be ignored by the numerous bell-men down stairs. They looked more like night club bouncers or heavies and not at all welcoming.The reception is huge, cold, impersonal and quite ugly.As for the rooms, well, again nothing special. Small &amp; compact but bland and boring come to mind. Looks like the hotels were furnished about 10yrs ago and haven't been touched since and everything looks a little worn around the edges.This hotel seriously needs a make-over and is trading on its brand name &amp; location.This hotel seriously dilutes the image of the Westin brand and was a real disappointment.	
Apr 24 2009 	Westin can do better than this...	The first impression is that the hotel is dark. Very poorly lit. It was darker indoors than outdoors in the middle of the afternoon. I requested a king bed but the room had two double beds. The room was quite small. I travel alot and this is one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in. The bathroom was not clean when I checked in. The service was rather good. I requested a small refrigerator so I could store breastmilk that I pumped while I was on a business trip. It was delivered right away and he noticed that there was a tear in the desk chair that I didn't even see. He took the chair away and replaced it immediately. The food could be better. They charge $15 for internet. This was disappointing for a Westin.	
Apr 22 2009 	Westin-swish but could do better	Good stuff:The position of the hotel is very good, just a short walk to Times Square. Views from higher floors are excellent. Clean and tidy in foyer. Modern look. Bell-boys very efficient. Heavenly beds very comfy. Quiet rooms. Junior suites are very good size, with 2 flat screen TV's, and lots of space. Nicely decorated.Bad stuff: Reception can get very busy. Pull out double bed in Junior suites are ridiculously uncomfortable, virtually unusable. Bar drinks, and mini bar drinks very expensive. Slapdash room maid-didn't replenish hot drinks sachets properly, or glasses and cups.Main issue with our stay, which overall was great, was check-in and room readiness. We arrived at 2.30pm to check into our Deluxe room with 2 doubles. Check in time is 3pm, and our room was not ready. I've never been to a hotel, that didn't have a room ready 1/2 hour before guests are likely to arrive. Not a great problem, we did full check-in and were told to return in at 3.30pm. We did so, only to find the world and his wife were either checking or checking out. Likely to have to queue for an hour just to get our key. Spoke to the concierge who was doing nothing, and rather than moving she said I should go see the manager. Found the manager, asked if he could issue my key. He went away for over 5 minutes, and came back to tell me my room was still not ready. I explained very politely that we'd been travelling for over 12 hours, and I expect my room to be available. To give him his due, he went away ( for another 5 minutes) came back very apologetic, and had found an available room. We shot up to the 38th floor, opened our room door to find it already occupied. Not best pleased with the hotels performance so far (as well as their security) I found the manager again, suggested an upgrade might be appropriate, and he apologetically again, found a Junior suite. We were all very pleased with this room, particularly the gigantic bed. Our enthusiasm was diminished, when we found the pull out bed had got used sheets on it (yuk). Got these changed pretty quickly. My teenagers delight at their own TV and their own area of the suite, was quelled when it came to sleeping on the pull out bed, which was too uncomfortable for words. In fact one of them slept on the floor!!	
Apr 17 2009 	Great location for Shows and Tours	I was very satisfied with the hotel. We stayed in a deluxe room with two beds. If you have a refrigerator get your own water and knick-knacks. Loved the green tea soap. When we closed the blinds it was truly dark. Watch out for the toilet if you are not used to a forcefull flush. It was a great location for tourist. Just a short walk into the middle of Times Square. If you want to see a show it's just a few blocks away. We went to see The Lion King (awesome!). If you want to go on a tour of the city the Grey Line Tour Center it's just a few blocks away. Ask the concierge for restaurant suggestions don't get trapped in Times Square or stuck eating the expensive (but tasty) Shula's/room service. I enjoyed Juniors for a few breakfasts and lunch.	
Apr 17 2009 	Amazing location	Was very happy when we got to the Westin and discovered just how close we were to Times Square and the subway. The subway was literally 30 seconds out the hotel (or another entrance 2 minutes down the road for another line) and Times Sq was a 2 minute walk round the block. Check in was swift, rooms were ready straight away. Room was nice - small - but what we expected from a New York hotel to be honest. Yes its true to say there are no locks on the bathroom door (it's a sliding door and although isn't see through, you can see shadows through it). But if the door's closed you know someone is in there, so wasn't a problem at all. We had a twin room with 2 double beds and it's true what they say about the Heavenly Beds and Heavenly Showers - they really were! The bed has to be the most comfortable I have ever slept in. More comfortable than my bed at home - wish I could afford to buy everything (you can buy it all but it's a lot of $$!). The shower has the option to have on 2 shower heads (or just one if you want to save energy but what the hell) which made for a lovely hot power shower. Maids were in everyday making the beds and changing towels but never early enough that we saw them or they got in our way which was great. Had a paper delivered every morning and coffee facilities were topped up every day. One thing I did miss was tea facilities. Us English do like a cup of tea, but all they had was coffee (my friend was pleased as they provide Starbucks coffee which he loves but not good for me as I hate coffee). Just a few tea bags and a kettle would have been sufficient - all they had was a caffetier and coffee granules.We had a view over the Hudson River which was lovely. We were 45 floors up with a fantastic view and didn't hear any noise at all from the streets below. One down side to the hotel is how much it costs to make a phone call from the room. We are from England and made calls back home and even calling a landline in London, where someone didn't pick up and it just went to answerphone where we immediately hung up cost $18. A 20 minute call to London cost $150! And I am not joking. We were shocked when we got the final bill. Lots of £18 for when people hadn't been home and a couple of $150's! I assume all these hotels would be the same but please don't use the phone - it's cheaper to use a mobile! When you check in you have to leave a credit card and they automatically 'hold' £150 per night you are staying there for 'incidentals' then at the end of your trip they obviously decuct phone calls, mini bar, internet etc from it and put the rest back on your card. We weren't prepared for this as it's not on their website, and a 6 night stay meant we needed $900 or about £600GBP free on a card for them to 'hold'. We ended up going to the business centre and transferring money about so we could do it. I knew they'd want a credit card but had no idea about the £150 a night rule. So be prepared for this.The business centre wasn't really much of a business centre - 2 computers and one printer. But didn't seem to be busy so was adequate enough. You can call up and get a code to use with your laptop for wireless internet in your room which was fairly OK with rates - think it worked out as $60 for a week which wasn't too bad for the type of hotel it was I didn't think. It's what you'd expect to pay anyway. Bar was nice, bit overpriced but so are all hotel bars. Somewhere to have one drink and then move on elsewhere I think. Was fairly busy early evening with business types. There is also a gym but we didn't use it. After a certain time in the evening you have to show your keycards as you come in the door (the reception is after this, up some escalators) so felt this hotel had very good security and felt safe in the complex. The doormen are friendly and will get you a taxi at the drop of a hat. Overall I loved the Westin, have booked to stay in their Vegas hotel and hope it is just as good, and when I return to New York in October 09 I will be staying at the Westin again. It's in such a great location, right next to the subway, supermarket and chemist over the road, there's even a Starbucks and cinema attached to the hotel if you dont want to go out as well as Shulas Steakhouse which is their own restaurant. Didn't use it but menu looked good! There is another Starbucks over the road though, and a McDonalds. It's quite expensive (a 6 night stay cost us £1100 which was about $2000 at the time would be more in £'s now with the rubbish exchange rate) but well worth the price I think.	
Apr 15 2009 	Not impressed	Reception staff and concierge services were highly inattentive to our needs, we booked a deluxe room and found nothing to be deluxe about it. There were no bathroom door locks, stainless steel wash basin and wc reminded me of a cheap motel, no shower gel provided so bring your own. &quot;Express&quot; room service was the slowest and most surly I have found in any country. Upon complaining, the hotel management tried their best to make things right for us and sadly failed on every occasion to make our stay bearable, even when they supplied cookies and milk for our daughters they accidently included a peanut cookie among the choc chip cookies that left our 8 year old daughter with blistering of the lips and hives until the early hours of the morning. This was supposed to have been a once in a lifetime treat for my wife and family and sadly our stay in Manhattan was marred by employees who just didn't seem to understand that they are in the hospitality business.	
Apr 15 2009 	Grumpy Staff	This hotel has a great location, but the front desk is busy and understaffed and grumpy, no smile, no welcome greeting from them at all, seemed like it was an inconvinience to have me staying there. The rooms were good, bed was nice, bathroom was clean.The interenet should be free considering the amount you pay for the room, and since this is suppose to be a business hotel. Pity about the grumpy staff.	
Apr 14 2009 	Quite nice	Stayed at the Westin Times Squre for 3 nights. Very nice room and clean upon arrival. Check in was a bit of a mess as the person at the desk did not speak perfect english and misunderstood some things we said. Everything got cleared up though. Concierge service was very good and the hotel gave us umbrellas to borrow on a rainy day. Only hitch was coming back one evening to find the room had not been touched by housecleaning service. We had to call a few times and wait but eventually they sent someone. It was not cleaned as thoroughly as during the day but at least we got fresh towels and some tidying up. We got a great deal for hotel and air on travelocity so it was worth the money.	
Apr 14 2009 	Expected much more!	Westin is located right in the heart of Times Square, a good spot, but maybe too busy (even for NY standards) if you're staying several days.Bought a standard room, no cancellation possible, for 6 nights; at 250usd per night. I was expecting a nicer hotel and room (even it's just ok in all points). All the 'heavenly' features are just marketing.Disliked the lobby, with loud chill-out music, very unfriendly. Also the noisy toilette flush.Liked the comfortable bed. (specially after walking all the city!)	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect Location	Stayed for four nights in early April. This is a perfect location for travelers looking to see the sights of NYC. Right in the heart of Broadway -- all theaters are within a 5-10 minute walk. Times Square is one block up, and virtually everything was within walking distance. Nicely decorated, fabulous bed &amp; bath. Rooms were a little small, but that's to be expected in New York. Cab rides are about $45 from JFK. Internet was about $15 a day -- should be free. Hotel bar is VERY expensive.	
Apr 13 2009 	Although good location and rooms poor maintenance and service	I travel to NY frequently and have spent a lot of time at this hotel. However, this will not continue in the future. If you are traveling for leisure, this hotel is probably fine. It is well located and the rooms are relatively nice. However, if you are traveling for business, I would stay away from this hotel. The issue is with the room maintenance and the service. I have the following things not work in the past 3 months in different rooms: iron, light switch, bathroom light switch, TV controller, electronic door and phone. In each case, it takes forever to get them fixed and the staff response is horrible. Going to management of the property is no more helpful. I would advise that for business travelers this is a poor choice versus some other options. Things tend not to work well throughout the hotel and getting them fixed in a timely manner is impossible. It may have a WESTIN name on the door, but you get the service of a Four Points by Sheraton. I have more stories than I care to list, unfortunately, to substantiate this.	
Apr 12 2009 	Westin Times Square -- Great Location without the hustle 	We spent the long weekend in NYC and really enjoyed our stay at the Westin. This hotel is one block from Times Square on 43rd St &amp; 8th Ave, so you don't get the same amount of foot traffic as to when you stay on Broadway or 7th Ave. This hotel is within walking distance of Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Theaters, and subway stations. Location is great if staying in the City and value being in the hub. As for the hotel stay, we were taken care of from the minute we dropped our car at valet parking. This was really convenient unlike other Starwood properties near Times Square where you have to park yourself. Convenience is the key when traveling with family. The room was clean and the bed heavenly as promised. The hotel had a decent size room for NYC (Executive Club Floor) , plus it was recently renovated by an artist. We had one special request issue, but was taken care of and followed up by management. Not an issue, but thought I would mention that the hotel isn't perfect, but close to it. We are big fans and would stay there again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location and executive level room size is nice and roomy	Our family stayed for 7 nights over Spring Break this year. First time in N.Y. and we were totally clueless about where to stay. Felt a sense of comfort knowing this was the Westin. We are SPG members and used points for 2 of our nights. Great choice. Pros~ We were given the opportunity to remain in the same room even though we had multiple reservations. Beds were extremely comfortable and rooms were quiet and recently updated. Temperature in rooms was excellent. WIndows opened slightly for us to feel the snow falling one morning. Executive level staff was very attentitive to our needs at all open hours. Willing to go into the back for soft drinks upon request as children are not juice or coffee lovers in the am. Elevators worked like a charm-nice and speedy-never a long wait. Connected to a movie theater and a starbucks on side wing. A great tex-mex restaurant also connected. Check in was speedy and courteous. We were put in a room that was larger than nearby rooms. Plenty of shampoo and lotions each day. Bathroom was clean and tidy. Shower head was double and water was always nice and hot. Towels were soft and clean. Breakfast was always hot and fresh each morning. I loved the hot oatmeal. Some mornings, it seemed watery but mostly it was thick and creamy. Having the Port Authority just a hop,skip and a jump really aided us well as we always felt like we had nearby subway stop or bus ride. We used the taxi to get from Newark upon arrival (DO NOT DO THIS) Take the bus from Newark if you are staying at this hotel as the ride was very pleasant and comfortable and a little cheaper.Cons~Having a computer in our room but internet access was an additional charge. This was very misleading as we asked our reservationist and was told internet access was free. Upon checking with front desk, we were told we had to go to executive lobby for it to be free. :( No use having a computer in our room. Our room had a view of the tops of buildings nearby and of Madame Tousseau's sign. Was hoping for a partial times square view but understandably at this level that was near impossible. The neighborhood immediately surrounding was not the best but we were always alert and traveled in group. Lobby was a little too plain and drab. Staff was not overly friendly~courteous, but not overly friendly. We were not given Metro cards per our reservation details (some sort of sports pkg.). We realized this after and we didn't need it anymore. Bell men never greated us each time we walked in the door throughout our stay. A simple hello would have gone a long way. One day our maid skipped our room but we made a call and service was prompt. Bathroom shelf was small and placed poorly in the bathroom. (above the toilet and sink) We had a disaster with make up bag falling into the toilet. I had remembered reading about this after it happed to us. :( Overall we loved this hotel and there were no hidden surprises except for the internet access charge. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great Hotel. Sets an example for the Starwood brand.	Just spent one night at this Westin. As a platinum member I was given a small pamphlet summarizing the amenities being offered. I was only on the 28th floor but the view was breathtaking. A corner room is definitely a plus! This property is well decorated, the rooms comfortable and the staff very professional. The location is perfect for a quick business stay or an extended leisure stay. 42nd street itself offers great cinemas and theaters and also provides convenient access to the subway system. Times Square is only one block away, as well. Even Central Park is a pleasant walk when the weather is nice. I especially liked the fact that some of the windows can be opened a few inches for fresh air. The only change that I would hope to see is the switch to fitted sheets on the matress.	
Mar 28 2009 	best bed	westin always been known for their best bed. compare to hilton westin bed is always the best. location cleanliness etc etc is always perfect	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Westin Times Square	I just enjoyed a very nice long weekend in late March at the Westin. The location is outstanding, one block from Times Square but somewhat sheltered from the sensory barrage that makes Times Square so fun. We reserved a junior suite since I was traveling with kids. The room was immaculate, appeared to be newly renovated, spacious and was very comfortable in every way. We were on an upper floor but the view was nothing special, didn't pay for the premium views. Room service was very good, in the fashion of a fine hotel. The bed and linens are truly heavenly, and the bathroom was huge. Definitely one of the better big-city Westins out there. The rates for the weekend were amazingly good, a total steal in my opinion for this hotel in this location (internet fee notwithstanding). We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. One of our special requests did not arrive in a timely fashion, and when I called again, they were so apologetic and went overboard to be nice. I had several calls from management afterwards to make sure things were fine, which was a very professional touch. It is a big hotel, and I am sure they get overwhelmed at times, but I was perfectly happy with the level of service.If traveling with kids, don't miss the Toys R Us megastore in Times Square and do buy a $4 per person ticket to ride the ferris wheel inside. Mars 2115 was also a huge hit for kids (not haute cuisine, it is a tourist trap that young kids will love). Also the M &amp; M store, and walking around Times Square at night. Do the Top of the Rock instead of the Empire State Building - the lines at ESB are too painful even with an advanced ticket, and the Top of the Rock view is better. Definitely ride the subway, the best $2 amusement ride for kids there is.	
Mar 23 2009 	Fabulous stay at the Westin NY at Times Square	We stayed at The Westin NYC Times Square from December 21-24th, and had an amazing stay. Being a Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) was a great asset to our stay, as our room was upgraded and we had the most amazing views from our upper level corner room. We also were upgraded to Executive Club privileges, which greatly surprised us and made our stay that much more enjoyable. The room and bathroom were clean and elegant. The Westin Heavenly bed was truly that--especially after a long day of walking the city of New York! Though the weather was cold while we were there, we still took full advantage of staying in the heart of Times Square and walked everywhere for 3 days. The Westin's location cannot be beat--you are in walking distance from most tourist sites (and nearby to the TKTS booth, where you can get half-price show/theatre tix), yet the hotel is still quiet enough where you can relax. At night, our sleep was uninterrupted and we were blissfully ignorant of the honking horns and lights below. I recommend staying at the Westin for business or pleasure--it will surely be our choice when we return to NYC.	
Mar 22 2009 	Good Location - Poor Service	Spent 2 nights mid-week as my first visit to this property. There are some good and bad things about the Westin Times Square. Usually, one outweighs the other, but in this case, they pretty much balance each other out making for a very average experience - not necessarily what you expect from a Westin.The Good- The location is great for theater and business in the mid-town area. It sits at the corner of 43rd and 8th Ave, so it was very easy to take the express bus from Newark Airport which dropped me at 42nd &amp; 8th, a very short walk to the hotel.- The bed is very comfortable as is expected for the Westin Heavenly Bed experience- The overall look and feel of the hotel is fine. The Bad- The room was not cleaned during my 2 day stay. I even left a message for the hotel manager and never got a response- Check In was a mess, as was any need to speak with someone at the front desk. They have several stations for front desk attendants, but they chose to have only 2 working both times I needed to stop by &amp; they were spread out, so you really didn't know whether to form one line or stand behind the customers being helped. It made for some tense moments as those in the line that formed watched people just walk up behind the guests being helped and the attendants behind the desk didn't bother to advise them that a line had formed. - Took the separate elevator up to Shula's for breakfast. Waited in the bar/entry area for about 5 mins and nobody every came to seat me, so I left and found a restaurant off-site.- With a late check out granted based on my SPG status, they failed to advise that they would turn off my key at noon, even though they confirmed the 4pm check out...so as I went up at 15 til 4, the key wasn't working and I had to go back downstairs and wait in line again so they could correct the key. Not the end of the world, but inconvenient and inconsiderate of them not to advise me when I called the day prior to request the late check out. - It's probably best that the manager didn't bother calling me back as things just didn't improve during my stay. The rooms are a decent size - not large, not small. They have 42+ lcd TV's with a good assortment of channels. They bath was fairly small with just a tub/shower combo, not a separate shower.Overall, I don't rate this hotel very highly. I would stay again if I had points or found a VERY good rate. But it did not earn a return visit for any other reason than it was a pretty nice room in a good location, though with with poor service. If its the cheapest option in the area among those properties I would find acceptable (Hilton, Hilton Garden, Marriott, other Starwood property, etc), then I would go back.	
Mar 22 2009 	Wonderful	This was an incredibly speedy trip for business. 1 day. I arrived at 1pm, and left the next morning at 10am, but, it was lovely. Check in was speedy, courteous, and very friendly. The check in area was very visually pleasing. My room was ready at 1pm when I arrived, which was very appreciated. I was asked if I needed any extra pillows, and it was noted that my points were being updated, and asked if I needed help with evening plans. I even received a weather update. The room was very nice. I would have liked a nicer view, but, I wasn't in my room long. The bathroom was nice, the shower was nice. The bed was wonderful, and all was very clean. My luggage showed up quickly, as did my room service lunch. The food was good, and all the service was excellent. The location is wonderful also, very close to everything, and I would love to stay here again for pleasure or business. Check out was speedy, although I couldn't check out from my room, and the same gentleman checked me out as in, and commented that I may need a sweater if I was going out as it was a little chilly and raining. Altogether a lovely 1 day stay. I would recommend this to anyone, business or pleasure, families or not. Don't hesitate.	
Mar 20 2009 	Fabulous hotel fabulous location!	Had a fabulous 4 night stay in The Westin. Great location, very central for all Tmes Square amenities. Great staff, all helpful and friendly. Amazing beds, never slept so well! We were on the Executive Floor which meant we had complimentary breakfast - it was ok, but not a lot of choice. Rooms were very clean, bathroom was spotless and the shower was fantastic. Without a doubt would stay here again and I have already recommended the hotel to a friend who is going to stay in a few months time!	
Mar 16 2009 	bring a copy of your invoice otherwise very good	Lovely central place to stay, however watch you are being charged correctly, we got a deal from their website, receptionist tried to charge us three different prices, all wrong when we arrived, other that that it was great. Beautiful flowers in the public areas. Amazing beds!	
Mar 15 2009 	Good solid choice in Midtown!	Recently stayed five nights and enjoyed our stay for a few reasons. Really close to the #1 subway line @Times Sq. which just happened to take us really close to two of the things we really wanted to see in NYC...Statue of Liberty and The American Museum of Natural History. We were going to see the Lion King in the Minskoff Theater..again only two blocks away, also the hotel was relatively close to Carnegie Hall and Central Park. The rooms themselves were clean, updated and quite spacious. We had to stay an extra night due to a flight cancellation and got into a corner room, which we liked much better than the room we had the first 4 nights. We would definately stay here again. Really liked nearby restaurants as well...Becco,Carmines and Johns Pizzeria.	
Mar 9 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel – Could not find fault !	This trip was our second visit to the Westin. We got engaged in New York in 2008 and stayed in a top floor corner suite. When we booked to revisit one year later (Mar '09) we booked the same room type and the hotel very thoughtfully checked us into the same room. :)Views were amazing, staff are very helpful, location - couldn't be better !!I have no criticism on this hotel ... would recommend it to anyone that wants to be in the middle of it all. We would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel in our next trip to NY.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great hotel in a great location with a great staff	Me and my fiancee and two friends enjoyed our stay at the Westin big time. We were actually there the night the Giants won the Super Bowl so when we asked they upgraded us to a suite so it was more relaxing to watch the game. The rooms were completely renovated and were a nice size for NYC. They had two flat screen televisions, a very nice bathroom and a super cozy bed. The entire staff was great throughout our whole stay and we would definitely like to go back again. The location itself you cannot beat and it was only $199 for a weekend night.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great stay...	Terrific location and a spotless room highlighted my stay this past week. Concierge service was excellent (we were looking for a cigar bar and they sent us to the best). Room on 29th floor was great with a nice view of Times Square. I slept with the blinds open to stare at the lights of Manhattan. I'll come back!	
Mar 2 2009 	A memorable b'day - thanks Westin Times Square	I recently celebrated my non-Leap Year birthday at the Westin Times Square. WOW! This hotel went out of its way! First, they gave me a corner deluxe room (I had paid for an upper floor prepaid room, but did not expect a corner room!) with fantastic views of the theatre district &amp; the Hudson, plus a sliver of the upper portion of the Empire State Building on the 42nd floor.Additionally, they sent a special birthday cake, most delicious surrounded by strawberries and blueberries, to my room while I was at the theatre. There was also a signed card. I really appreciate the kind and thoughtful gesture. I am not a Westin big spender, and I just did not expect this.The room had a wrap-around view as noted, and there was a nice Hudson view from the bathroom as well. Others have commented on the lack of shelf space but this was not a problem for me. There was a mobile etegere for additional storage, which should accommodate most guests' toiletries.I LOVED the fast, efficient check-in (please take note, Hilton Times Square!). No lines and I checked in at 3PM. This was a pleasant stay, and then some. I shall remember to stay here again. Great location, too - walking distance to the theater, subway, restaurants, drug store, etc,	
Feb 27 2009	The Westin Hotel...Great Views	Stayed at the Westin 25th - 29th October 2008. We had a king size room on the 44th floor and had fantastic views even although a new skyscraper was being constructed opposite. It was an experience to lie in bed and look at the Empire State Building. The staff were very friendly and helpful and our room was spotless. My wife loved the heavenly bed but hey you are in New York so you are on the go all the time. Katrina sorted our booking and did us proud. We would not hesitate to return again and hope to next year. It was not cheap and the pound has dropped further against the dollar since we stayed but the hotel is in a great location to access the sights and sounds. We both felt very safe whilst out on the streets and the people were very friendly. We caught a flight into Newark and then the shuttle into the bus station which is opposite the hotel...great location	
Feb 26 2009 	Best Hotel I ever stayed at!!!	Before booking a long needed getaway for my girlfriend and I, we went through review after review, hotel after hotel, we decided to take a chance on the Westin in TImes Square. The pictures do it no justice, when you get there you will see for yourself, It is wonderful, great ambiance and appeal, you feel relaxed as soon as you get there. The rooms are nice size for NYC hotel. We had a corner suite, which for a little more is worth it. The view was incredible, 32inch LCD, dual head showers(which I never saw before, was awesome), very comfy bed, Ipod dock, cool design, no complaints at all, even the outside looks nice too.. The bar lounge inside was awesome, cozy, reasonable prices, don't know about the food, but I'm sure thats good too. The location is great, in the heart of Times Square, everything you need is right there, resturants, Ripley's museum(which is open till midnight which I found cool), Dave&amp;Busters, shops, Movie theatres (one actually connected to the hotel, another across the street)..I would recommend this to anyone and everyone that considers going to NYC...	
Feb 25 2009 	Okay but there are better hotels in the city	My wife and stayed here for a night for Valentine's Day. The location in Times Square makes it very convenient and the westin heavenly bed is one of the better beds for the chain hotels. Check in and check out was a breeze and I would recommend this hotel only if you need to be in Times Square, otherwise there are better hotels in the city for the price.	
Feb 21 2009 	Nice Location but location isn't everything	Even though this hotel is one block from Times Sq, it isn't worth the money. The room is roomy for NYC but it was not clean and needed a good scrubbing because it smelt like smoke. The shower heads did not have enough power to wash way soap and shampoo. Room service trays were left on the corridors for over 24 hrs. Front desk personell were not friendly and not helpful, i was sent to the wrong room twice. Not worth the money	
Feb 20 2009 	over-rated over-priced indifferent staff	The hotel is reasonably well located but is grossly over-priced. Stayed for five nights with my husband and 8 year old child. Not one member of staff greeted us or asked how we were at any time during the five days.On one occasion I used the hotel telephone to call a mobile number in Ireland. The call lasted 5 secinds as I left only a voice mail. The charge for this was $38 !!!!The concierge could not recommend a resteraunt for us to eat in!!!The staff were unhelpful and disinterested even when not busy.The rooms were in need of an overhaul especially the bathroom, as they were dated and dull.If you can find an alternative then do!! There are plenty of other similarly priced hotels in new york that are infinitely better. I would have moved hotel but was on a pre-paid voucher and had to stay put. I booked the hotel on the internet and got a reasonably good deal for the room, with two double beds for 5 nights of $1500.Would never stay there again,ever	
Feb 18 2009 	Faulty Towers	I have stayed here 3 times and it has gone from OK to so inefficient it is a disgrace.I was in the hotel at the same time as SleepyEurope and as a business guest I concur with every criticism made. The Club Lounge was packed with kids to the point of complete discomforture. The food in the lounge is execrable and the continental breakfast is - breakfast cereals, youghurt, basic fruit and third rate bakery. For 2 days the The list	
Feb 18 2009 	A tired and expensive Westin hotel that needs help !!	stayed 4 nights with family this week - have stayed at Westin Dubai recently also - far better....a few points - all the postive write ups seem to be from folk who stay on the very high floors and in the best rooms ! We hated the lobby on arrival with no directions to checkin - why is the conceirge not on the ground floor and why are there 4 staff loitering around doing nothing most of the day ? Room was ok but stainless steel washbasin reminded us of a kitchen not a chique hotel room - bathrooms were very small and had a sliding door which lacked privacy and was badly designed - the ice machine made noise all night out on our floor and the walls were paper thin - i hear people next door blowing their noses,showering,coughing and playing music (I think the noise also travels through the airvents in the bathrooms ---- the shower curtain smelt bad and needed replacing - me and my family NEVER saw any one of the staff smile in 4 days and the conceirge was helpful but the checkin staff were at best grumpy and all looked liked theyd had a bad day - every day ! the Club level was packed with families (we were one too) and the reception staff on the club level told us they served 350 people breakfast every morning over the holiday,valentines weekend - i felt sorry for the few business guys trying to hold meetings there.....familes bought in chinese,pizza takeaways and it smelt like a macdonalds not a sanctury for an evening drink - which you have to pay for !! ($5 bucks for beer or wine each)....the bars in the hotel only opened at 5pm (where can you have a cocktail at 4 30 ?) and there was a rush daily for the seats ! yes it was expensive and not very welcoming......Shulas is in the hotel but steaks go from $ 40&gt;&gt;&gt; up so with a family forget it !! the beds were comfortable but rooms cramped - eg the office chair for the desk actually blocked the room - so you had to remove it to get past the bed ! is that legal eg a fire hazard ? no free wifi in room which was a pain.I think the hotel is very busy and they get lots of customers but for me - wew wont be returning - its tired and worn out and all the staff were grumpy - it wasnt a welcoming hotel and needs a total overhaul of its layout,bars,restaurants and rooms.what a shame there is no sushi bar and a better bar? A missed opportunity by Westin.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great hotel at reasonable price	I stayed at the Westin Times Square for 3 nights at the end of January 2009 while on a business trip. The hotel is in a good location, within walking distance of the Port Authority terminal. The hotel rooms are on the upper floors of this tower, and my room was on the 32nd floor. The elevators are fast and I never had to wait more than one minute for one. Recently renovated, the room had a wonderful Heavenly Bed, a flat screen TV, and one sitting chair with ottoman. The desk was large (with a great working lamp) and the desk chair was extremely comfortable. There is a bar fridge in the closet and also a safe that is big enough to hold your laptop. The windows are well insulated and you don't hear much traffic noise -- a real plus in NYC!All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Room service was fast and most importantly flexible. It was possible to order things not on the menu -- something a lot of hotels won't do.My only complaint about the room is that it is on the small size -- fine for a single person travelling on business (as I was) but for couples there is not a lot of space to sit and relax. The bathroom is modern and the shower has a dual showerhead. There is not a lot of space around the sink to put toiletries, but there are some shelves on the wall. A hairdryer and bathrobe were in the bathroom.I will return to this hotel on all my trips to New York.	
Feb 13 2009 	best hotel in New York	great hotel fantastic location 100 yard from times square .Fantastic beds room amazing , Higher the better great views over midtown and beyond. Fantastic lifts service good hotel modern clean vibrant small bar was expensive but who wants to drink there ? Bathroom big robes heavenly. If you are looking at the top end of the new york hotel market you know already this is expensive 5* in my opinion because some hotels are living on the names and need a good kicking into life . This place has its own heartbeat and is very much alive. Shulas Restraunt on site beautiful top class food. B B Kings Blues Bar on site great club with great acts and very good food massive portions too.linked to eWalks large cinema bowling area is next door madame tussades over the road times square up the rd , Breakfast and bagels from anywhere you like all good and great for shops Central Park 15 mins ESB 15mins Macys MSG 15 mins Grand Central &amp; Chrysler Building 10 minutes Times Square and 42nd st tube 5 mins ALL THESE TIMES ARE WALKING	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent Stay !!!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed here 25 Jan for 8 nights &amp; were 4 hours early on arrival but had a fantastic welcome &amp; no problem checking in early. After reading other reviews I asked for a high floor and were given a lovely room on the 45th with amazing views of the Hudson River to the left and a snapshot of Times Square to the right. Amazing!! We ate once in Shulas Restaurant &amp; yes it is expensive but you do get an amazing experience &amp; a fantastic meal. They're very ID conscious &amp; you need to show your hotel key to access entry after 11pm. The Hotel is in a great location, you can exit the lobby onto 42nd St right opposite Madame Tussauds with the Subway just on your doorstep. Take good walking shoes &amp; walk everywhere as it's easy &amp; fun. We took the subway &amp; ventured up to the Bronx Zoo, if you've got a day spare its really well worth it. Its HUGE &amp; the animals are amazing.......a truly great day out. They give away free tickets to the Late Show with David Letterman, so as it was raining &amp; freezing cold we decided to go along. WHAT A LAUGH!! Honestly, its well worth spending a few hours for the experience &amp; you get to meet some great people too. They film mid afternoon so you've got loads of time to get back to your room to even catch a glimpse of yourself in the audience. Real good fun!!!!!!!!!Of course we did all the usual shopping stuff visiting Bloomingdales &amp; Macy's which was fab as you'd expect. Visitors to the US should take their Passports to the Visitor Center in both as they give you a 11% discount card (Very handy) No trip no NY is complete without spending a day in Central Park, it never ceases to amaze me. Take a walk up to the Dakota Buildings &amp; spend a quiet hour in Strawberry Fields.We went back to Ground Zero &amp; walked down through Battery Park &amp; then up through Wall Street. Again, lots of walking but really enjoyable &amp; you get to see things you wouldn't on the bus trips. Also worth getting down to Greenwich village, get a cake from Rocco's, ah, to die for!!!!!!!!We were here for a week &amp; had a great time trying different restaurants out every night without any complaints. This was our third visit to NY &amp; by far the best. All in all it was a great stay at the Westin itself &amp; I'd definately stay here again.....Stroll on for the hext holiday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 26 2009 	Overall GREAT!	We really enjoyed our stay and thought the Westin was a fab hotel, on first impressions the entrance very impressive. My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights in December 08 and absolutley loved it, we were on the 43rd floor and if you can get over the vertigo the view is amazing, the bed was very comfprtable. We never ate at Shulas the steakhouse in the hotel as there were just too many other places to try in New York, I also thought the basement restaurant location was a little claustrophbic and lacking in atmosphere. The christmas trees were lovely and the door men were nice and very helpful ! A word of warning though we ordered two glasses of the house red wine once in the bar and they were £10 EACH, I also was disapointed that the main bar area didnt open until the evening so if you wanted a drink in the afternoon you had to go to the basement and sit on one of the four chairs at the tiny bar in Shulas.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great Experience on Business Trip	This is a very nice Westin. I would say this would be ideal if you are traveling on business, or staying in Times Square is important to you. The hotel is modern and has a fresh and clean feel throughout. The gym is very nice for a hotel gym, with free weights, cardio, and even a Wii Fit console. There is not much in the way of food offerings at the hotel, but them Times Square is right outside. Sulla's is a nice restaurant, but a bit formal and old school given the rest of the hotel. Room service was very good, with the food being good and great service. There is internet connectivity throughout the hotel, although even though I paid in my room I couldn't get it to work in the lobby. The one thing I really didn't like was the business center, because to print a boarding pass they wanted to charge $7. This is ridiculous to me, since most hotels offer this as free, or the computers themselves are free at least for a little bit. But, this is a New York hotel. Finally, I will say that this is not a very family friendly option, as New York hotels go; for example, you need to take an escalator to the lobby, there is a lack of public and open space, and the hotel opts for modern and clean over comfortable.	
Jan 23 2009 	Ny trip at the Westin	I stayed at the Westin New York in December 2007 with my Mum, Aunt and two Cousins while on a christmas shopping trip.We loved the hotel and it's proximity to Times Sq/Theatre district. We stayed in a deluxe city view room on 41st floor, and had views over the Hudson. The standard of the room was brilliant, and the beds were soo comfy!! We loved the facilities available to us, including the spa, Shulas Steakhouse and the Starbucks Coffee and cinema in the basement. The staff were friendly and helpful, and provided us with a late check out room at no extra charge. The bell boy found us a private cab for our journey back to Newark Airport and negotiated a very reasonable price for us which we thought was fantastic. Overall, we had a fantastic trip and the Westin definitely made a lasting impression and enhanced our first experience of New York city!	
Jan 21 2009 	Ok but pricey	It's a great location and the staff were very friendly. However, face it, you are paying for location. The room was a little worn and the view (10th floor) was worth keeping the blinds closed for. So overall, not worth the $600 a night. Would stay elsewhere.	
Jan 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!! Awesome Location!!	We stayed at The Westin New York at Times Square for 5 fantastic nights from 16th Dec to 21st Dec 2008. From the second we stepped out of the taxi we were greeted and treated in a first class style! The bell boys took our bags and gave us tickets to hand in at the reception. At the reception desk we were welcomed by a very friendly and helpful receptionist who checked us in very quickly and gave us the good news that we had been upgraded!!! Off we went to the 39th floor to our room!! It was truely a room with a view!! A corner deluxe room with fantastic views over the Hudson River and also a view right up 8th avenue!! The room was really big for a New York hotel, queen size &quot;Heavenly bed&quot;, 32 inch LCD tv, loads of places to put our clothes, a starbucks coffee machine and a fantastic bathroom..........as read about on other reviews the &quot;Heavenly Double Showerhead&quot; was brilliant. The room was very clean with a contemporary decor. The bed really was &quot;Heavenly&quot; I wish I could have taken it home with me!!About 10 mins after getting into our room the bell boy brought up our bags and gave us some useful tips on navigating Manhattan including a great map! The location is very central and only 2 minutes walk from Times Square. The Port Authority bus station is almost opposite and you can get the subway from there all over Manhattan!Overall this was a top hotel and I wouldnt hesitate to recommend it to anyone! I will definately stay at this hotel again if I get to come back to New York!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Glad i read the reviews as the Westin was all i hoped.	My girlfrend and i read lots of reviews on this site before choosing the Westin (as most people seemed to have a good time) and i write this today because like i did you are now desperately trying to decide which one to go for! Have no worries about the Westin it is a great place to stay. Staff were very friendly and we felt very safe. Got a room on 42nd floor which i think we paid top money for as we pre booked directly with the hotel @ $699 per night (it was my girlfrends birthday so i didn't want a crap room). Room was tidy allthough the extra money for a high storey room wasn't worth it as you forget everywhere else is the same height so we just looked mostly onto a half contructed hotel opposite allthough we did not get any problems with noise and you could see the city / river a bit. Worth doing the bus tours to try and get your bearings however be aware in traffic you are on for 3 hours. Uptown tour great / downtown tour a bit dull and too long. Take good shoes because you will do a lot of walking! Tried subway which was clean and safe. Streets also very safe as lots of police and even friendly people who will help if you ask the way! Best city in the world (puts London to shame). Broadway was great saw Liza at the palace (excellent) and chicago (had some poor reviews but we thought it was excellent also). In summary the Westin has a great location, its clean and friendly and the lifts are very fast. Book it and you wont be dissapointed! I live in Northumberland North east England. I have taken the time to write this to help others as they help me. Great site trip advisor, keep up the good work!	
Jan 13 2009 	Nice hotel But a Little Confused	The hotel is in an area that's good for tourists visiting Times Square (of course) but it has good business services like any Westin hotel. It was a new place and all the furnishings were in top shape. I wonder if many all-American tourists would really shell out to stay in the hotel at the rate they charge, or how many people with expense accounts would want to stay in the Times Square district. But if you can fit into either of those categories, it's a fine hotel. One thing that takes getting used to: the entrance isn't the lobby, it's an oddball parking valet and luggage check desk, so invariably you ask and get sent upstairs to check in. It's a confusing setup, and in New York the first thing you don't want to do when you arrive is lose sight of your baggage! What makes up for that is a cool factor: when I was there a bunch of limos pulled up for some NBA function.	
Jan 12 2009	Solid quality in central New York	The most central location in New York, just off Times Square. Booked the room via the hotel website: 249 $ plux taxes, which is not bad. Asked for a room on a high floor, given one on the 34th floor; asked for a late check out, we were able to leave the room at 2 PM. Rooms not very exciting or elegant, and the bathroom is small, but overall a good choice in New York.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Location	Quite a spectacular looking hotel from the outside.Room was clean and tidy, bed very comfortable ;-)Hotel staff were always courteous and helpfulMost impressive thing about the hotel has to be the location, about:3-4min walk to Broadway15-20min to Chrysler and Empire State Buildings20-30min walk to Central ParkOnly reason i have not give 5* is: hairdryer in room did not work, and was not replaced when reception were informed (didn't follow it up as we had taken our own), and only visited bar on 2 occasions, neither time was a bar person present.	
Jan 5 2009 	Fantastic hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed at Westin for 6 nights on december!The hotel is so great!!!The location is absolutely perfect, just a block from Times Square, and with the subway just a few meters from the hotel.We had an standard room in the floor 29, with beautiful wiews of the city.The staff is friendly and ready to help. When we arrived they pick up our luggagge wich was sent quickly to our room.When we arrived at the room, I noticed (as I've read in other reviews) we didin't have the bath robe, but I called the desk and get one in a ninute.The room is big and plenty of space, with a big tv and a desk for working on the computer. The bath is also very confortable but what we loved more is the Heavenly bed! It is really Heavenly!! I've never slept so well in a hotel room, or even in my house, I want one in my house!!!The internet is a little bit expensive, but it worked very well.Also check in and check out were really fast!!I would recommend this hotel to everyone, because of its quality and its location, it's near evrything, specially if you like musicals, some of then are just a block from the hotel!!If you go to this hotel, I recommend you for breakfast Europan, wich its located next the hotel in the 8th ave, the food is absolutly great!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Beware this hotel during vacation times	There was a 30 min line to to check in. On a sold out New Years Eve they had two check in positions open and the other 7 were vacant. Told room not ready, came back two hours later. Nobody except front desk could tell us if the room was ready, so another 20 min wait in line. Told still not ready (2:30pm). Asked about how i would know when the room was ready. Front desk told me i would have to wait in line to find out. Room ready at 3:00pm when we arrived it smelled badly of smoke. Get ready for this, only way to change the room is wait in the 20 min line. What a joke. We booked an Executive Club room and the 8th floor lounge was like MacDonalds Playroom. Someone should tell these people that the evening snacks are not a dinner buffet for their kids. The lounge was packed with kids running around and the staff just smiled. and ignored them. The same at breakfast. The room was very nice though and the hotel is in a good location. At $650.00 per night I thought we could have a nice relaxing weekend. NW Toronto	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Post New Years mini-cation at the Westin Times Square	We stayed at the Westin Times Square 01-01-09 thru 01-04-09. We had booked a “spectacular city view” corner room for $325 (including all taxes) through a special on the Starwoods site. We arrived at 3:30pm on 01-01 and were given a room on the 24th floor facing the Hudson River. It was a terrible view. We called to the front desk and were connected to the manager who explained with all the New Year’s celebrations there were a lot of late check outs. She asked if we could come back an hour later they’d have something ready higher up. We gave them our bags and went off to explore Times Square. When we returned we were given a corner room on the 34th floor. It had a much better view than the 24th floor and was on another corner of the property facing 8th Ave. We faced west towards the Hudson River, not east towards Times Square.It was windy and cold for the 3 days we were there. But it couldn’t have been a better mini-vacation to experience the energy of Manhattan. What I like most about the Westin chain is the consistency in their high quality beds. After walking for 3 days all over Manhattan, nothing was better than crashing in their heavenly beds. (I have a hard time sleeping in all hotels, except Westins. )The windows in these rooms also open about 2 inches at the bottom, so 34 floors up you could feel the energy of the city. When closed, the windows were amazing in keeping out the sirens and traffic from the street below. A very cool, and unique feature for a hotel in the city. There was even a building across the street under construction we couldn’t hear – and we’re noise Nazis….( in fact we had a terrible experience at the Westin Venice Europa/Regina). The staff was pretty much transparent, very much in the background, but always reading to help if we had any questions.This was my first overnight in NYC. We drove in from Maryland and came over in the Lincoln Tunnel which dropped up right to the hotel. Parking was $27 a night at the nearby Central Parking at 364 W 44th St.(with the hotel’s voucher) I was pleasantly surprised with the friendliness of everyone working in the restaurants, museums, taxi cabs and the hotel. NYC is not the mean city I had thought it would be. The Westin was near everything in Manhattan. The taxis were cheap, rarely over $8.50 – even to the Metropolitan and the Hayden Museums. We had great a breakfast and sushi at their sister property right on Times Square, the “W”, which is great for people watching. We had an insane dinner at their Shula’s Steak House in the Westin Times Square. I had twin lobster tails – the most tender and delicious lobster I’ve ever had. My wife had an awesome Porterhouse steak. This is a great hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Hotel in the heart of Times Square	Hotel located on 42nd Street, 8th Avenue just off Times Square. Paid 199$ a night plus taxes. Fantastic atmosphere to the hotel. Had a room on the 40th floor with excellent view of Empire State building. Room was comfortable and clean. We arrived at 9am and they did their best to accommodate us with a room. 1 minute walk away from the subway station. Try the Europa Cafe on the corner of Times Square for an excellent value for money breakfast.	
Jan 4 2009 	Truly Excellent	My stay here was flawless. Price: I booked this on hotwire for under $200. I am an SPG gold card holder and got upgraded to the most fantastic room.Room: Perfectly clean and huge my NYC standards. Nice bathroom and good facilities.Service: Excellent	
Jan 1 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for one night on 29th Dec. It has an entrance on 22nd and 23rd Street, just off Broadway. Our room wasn't ready but they upgraded us to a room with a jogging machine in the corner. I cant see who would use that after a day of walking round NY. Anyway, the staff were very helpful and allowed us to leave our bags while we went off for the day and said we could freshen up in the spa upstairs.We didn't eat there but the room was very clean and modern and fairly quiet considering it was probably ful. There are a few cafes just along the road for breakfast.	
Jan 1 2009 	Awesome	Stayed for five nights in October. We used points to upgrade to a corner room and it was worth it. Had a great view of the Hudson River and the USS Intrepid. Like always, the heavenly bed was as comfortable as they come. The room was clean and the shower had good pressure. I felt safe in the hotel and outside. There were dozens police officers throughout the area which was a good feeling. The hotel staff was helpful and professional. It was easy walking to the Gershwin, the subway is right outside the hotel, good restaurants all around and in the hotel. We used room service and it was very good. Starbucks in the room and a Starbucks in the hotel. We would definitely stay at the Westin Times Square again, overall it was fantastic.	
Dec 24 2008 	loved it	stayed here friday to monday 22nd dec .... first time at a westin great loacation so close to theatres and times square .... very quiet and peaceful hotel ... quite large room i thought larger than most london hotels ,,, good amenites ...starbucks coffee in room good tv ,i pod station etc , comfy new beds , smart modern looking decor my only gripe was it all had layer of dust on it and some furniture a little worn .... but not too bad ... we had room on the 20th floor nice views ...staff were always 100% ... i would stay here again no worries	
Dec 24 2008 	Great hotel in wonderful location	We did a priceline bid and ended up with this hotel for a great price. what a great treat. We went to NYC for 2 nights and loved the location. The hotel was quiet, clean and so well situated. We walked everywhere (including Penn Station with bags). It amazed me how quiet the lobby and elevators were at such a busy time of year in the city. We would stay here again in a minute and truly were thrilled with the Priceline price.	
Dec 23 2008 	Second visit to the Westin	This was our second stay at the Westin. We're from the UK, and tagged this visit onto the end of a trip to Las Vegas to attend my sister's wedding. Due to someone thinking it was amusing [using my words advisedly here] to deliberately block the toilets with toilet paper on the aeroplane for our internal flight, we didn't arrive at the hotel until 3am in the morning. Despite our unintended late arrival, the receptionist was bright, breezy and efficient. We were on the 10th floor, not much of a view, but the room met our needs. Housekeeping didn't seem to be particularly generous this time with shower gels etc. Good job we had plenty of our own. Didn't have any meals at the hotel, so much choice around NY. Only had one drink in the bar, and it was more expensive than other bars we went to, however felt this hotel isn't particularly catering solely for the tourist end of the market, more a combination of tourists and business people.This was our third visit to NY. I like this hotel as it's central, the beds are comfortable and you have room service every day. I don't recall seeing any children there this time. I am a parent, but at my age don't particularly want to be around young children. Been there, done that. It seems more suited to business people or adult tourists.	
Dec 22 2008 	A Wonderful stay	Had a fab stay at the Westin. nothing is too much trouble here. On check in the staff saw that I had a baby and immediately offered to have a fridge sent up for milk etc and a crib for him too. The room was large and comfortable, with plenty of space for a family of four. the view from our room was incredible, as is the location of the hotel. the only down pooint was the price of everything in the hotel, e.g. to order a panini on room service came to over $40 inc tax, and drinks were very expensive in Bar 10. However the location of the hotel was perfect for finding alternative places to eat and drinkI would recommend the West way diner round the corner for a great breakfast!	
Dec 21 2008 	Can't wait to go back!	My husband and I stayed at the Westin from December 11-14, 2008, and we were delighted with our choice. This hotel is down the street from the lights and sounds of times square itself, but it is a very short distance from that area. When we checked in the staff was polite and very helpful by giving us a map of the city at check in. We got to our room and was not surprised how small it was. If you're not used to New York City hotel rooms they are a bit small. We stayed in a traditional king room at about 310 square feet. It was perfect for us! We had reservations at Shula's steakhouse the same evening we arrived at the hotel and the food was fantastic! I would definitely recommend it. I also had room service while we were there and it was awesome too! We were able to walk to all of our destinations with no problems. It is about a 20 minute walk to Radio City Music Hall and all the action down in that area. We did have a lightbulb burn out in the bathroom and when we called the front desk to get it taken care of, the maintenance man was there in 3 minutes, yes I said 3 minutes. The staff was very impressive and I enjoyed the location. This hotel is one street over from several theaters, so if you plan on seeing a show this is a great location to stay. I also enjoyed the way the lobby was decorated for Christmas, understated but yet elegant. The service, comfortable beds, HDTV, and overall experience was great and I would highly recommend this property. Happy traveling!!!	
Dec 16 2008 	Love it!	I have stayed in the Westin many times over the last 5 years &amp; LOVE the place. I have never had a problem with any part of the hotel. The members of staff are always happy to help. The Beds in the Westin are just FAB. The views are amazing, we could see the Empire State Building from our room, which made us all happy. We have eaten in the steak house in the hotel &amp; it was the best steak I have ever had!!! You are right next to Times Sq, so bang in the middle of it all!	
Dec 15 2008 	Honeymoon with a difference	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel, it is just off times square and we found it to have a quiet businesslike feel but overall a lovely stay. Especially seen as our room looked out down Times Square taking in Madame Tussaurds. The room was large and clean but maybe not as luxurious as I'd expected.	
Dec 6 2008 	We keep coming back to the Westin	The Westin is located close to a subway stop and is walking distance to Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center, and many theaters. The security at night is excellent, they check ID's before letting people inside. The rooms are very clean and some of the views are amazing. The beds at all of the Westin's are wonderful. This hotel is very quiet, which is a suprise in Times Square. Their customer service is very good. Over the past few years, we have had two situations occur, one involving a shipment, and the other a health problem, and they were very helpful. There is a Starbucks in the building, and a coffee machine in the room with Starbuck's coffee and tea. Although Times Square can be hectic, the Westin is a quiet haven. I have tried many other hotels, but have decided to stick with this Westin. I prefer it over the W hotels, seems newer and rooms are nicer.	
Dec 3 2008 	Westin in the way to go	I did my research so knew what to expect both good and bad. Most of the bad stuff did not really apply to me like the sink and mirror situation. When I first arrived at the hotel via Super Shuttle, I was dropped off at the corner. I had one bag and my back pack. I entered the ground floor lobby area through a turnstile doorway which was kind of tricky with luggage. I proceeded to the reception desk and checked in. I was offered a room upgrade on the top floor with an outstanding view of downtown and the Empire State Building. I could not ask for more. The room had all the usual Westin things like Starbucks Coffee, water bottles, glassware and fully stocked minibar. The only thing that was missing was the shampoo and conditioner so I called the Service Express number and three sets were sent up within ten minutes. There are two elevator banks. Elevator bank &quot;A&quot; is from floor 2-23 and elevator bank &quot;B&quot; is from 2-45. Since my room was on the 45th floor, I had to use the second bank. The Westin Club was located on the 8th floor were they provided breakfast and evening snacks daily. This was free due to my Starwood Status. You could gain access via the Club Level category rooms which are about $100 more than the other rooms. There is only one restaurant in the hotel. I did not eat here but did have a couple of drinks at their bar. the bar tendered, Brian, was very helpful and kind. There is also another bar next to the lobby, Bar 10, that is basically an extension to the lobby. It is closed off prior to noon which only leaves the small area in front of reception for people to sit. I personally did not like this option and think that both areas should be opened to the guests at all times. I have seen this in most Westin Hotels. The people working the Bell Desk did not seem overly friendly. But than again, I am in New York where friendliness is not a norm. If you had to choose a hotel in the Times Square area, this hotel would be a very good choice. It is close to everything and yet far enough away from all the noise that you would find closer to Broadway and 7th Avenue. The immediate area around the hotel is kind of tacky, but there are some good deli's, fast food and even a nice Jazz Bar around the corner. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it for singles or families. I guess on my next trip to the city, I will have to decide between the W Times Square and this hotel.	
Dec 2 2008 	Another fabulous stay!	The Westin is definately the hotel of choice when we go to NYC. The location is premium and the service exceptional. You are so close to the best of shopping and sightseeing that you would be foolish to stay elsewhere. My daughter and I are very finicky travelers, but the Westin was clean, comfortable and reasonable. The Asst. Front Office Manager went out of her way to make sure our stay was unsurpassed. I would highly recommend staying here for any planned visit to the city, you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 29 2008 	Fantastic hotel - great views fab rooms and excellent location	We stayed here for 5 nights mid Nov 08, the hotel is in a great location for all of the main attractions in New York and although it's on Times Sq as it's entance is just off the sq it's not noisy.We had a room on the 37th floor which looked out on to the Empire State building which was fab. Huge bed, super clean room, Starbucks coffee in room everyday, flat screen TV and marble bathroom with toiletries.I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Nov 26 2008 	Great Value	Our family with 13 year old daughter stayed at the Westin Nov 21-25 2008. I booked through bidding and got a very low rate. I arrived 1 hour before checkin, but they were very nice and gave me a room on a high floor with the 2 double beds we needed.We had the view out over the Hudson towards New Jersey and I really enjoyed the large window. the standard room was medium size for New York and nicely updated with a really good HD plasma television. The bathroom is very small, but newly remodeled and nice. I loved everything about this hotel. While we were staying there the Phoenix hockey team and Wayne Gretzky were staying and there was always buzz out front with fans waiting. Possible issues are that there is only one dining option inside the hotel - Shula's expensive steakhouse. You will need to go to Starbucks on bottom floor or outside hotel to eat, which really isn't a problem. Lobby isn't tremendously huge and splendid, but plenty of seating, if needed.Favorite meal was a light brunch at Sarabeth's on Central Park West.	
Nov 18 2008 	Fab New Year !!!	A great hotel just perfect for the excitement of New Year at Times Square.Very comfortable room with good view, tried room service breakfast on two days and it was great - just perfect for a relaxing start to a busy day of sightseeing.Woiuld definitely return again!! Can't wait.	
Nov 18 2008 	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in	The Westin was superb. A stones throw away from Times Square and all the main areas of New York.The hotel is beautifully laid out, and the room was very modern with everything you could possibly need. We had a great view over the river into Jersey.On the website they go on about you can buy a Westin bed - they are fantastic, if I could get one here I would.Nothing more to say - superb!	
Nov 12 2008 	Great hotel and location	I took my wife here for a romantic getaway for the weekend. This is a really nice hotel. We arrived really late after our flight was delayed and they checked us in quickly. A representative (and representative in training) showed us to our room and carried our luggage. Complementary internet, bottled water. Things I expect in an upscale hotel. We had a corner room with a nice view and a king bed. The room and bathroom were a nice size. I've heard that rooms at some hotels in NY are rather small. The location of the hotel could not be better. One block off Times Square and only a few blocks from some broadway theaters. I stayed here using Star Points. Before I decided to use Star Points, I was comparing prices of this hotel to others nearby and it's competitive and reasonable given the type of hotel and location. I hope to get back here.	
Nov 11 2008 	We loved it!	This hotel was really a treat for our trip. We stayed 4 nights in late October and had a fantastic stay. Check in was quick and easy, and we were given a standard king room on the 30th floor. The room wasn't anything huge, but definitely plenty of space. The hotel location was perfect, just a block from Times Square and all the action, which made it an easy walk whenever we wanted to eat, catch a subway (there is also a station right in front of the hotel), or go to a show. Pros:-Location, location, location-Friendly staff-Comfortable bed-Nice LCD tv (With real HD, not stretched out)-Huge bathroomCons:-Very expensive room service-Some street noise from sirens-Pricey internet in the business centerOverall we'd definitely recommend the Westin Times Square, and would plan to stay there again on our next trip to New York.	
Nov 6 2008 	this hotel was perfect!	If you are looking for a nice clean modern hotel this is the one. This hotel is so conveniently placed for all the attractions that NY has to offer. The staff were so friendly and attentive. You can walk almost everywhere from this hotel. Lovely beds	
Nov 4 2008	Terrible hotel stay away	Location is quite poor, this hotel is not right on Times Square but on 8th avenue instead, across the street from a bunch of [--] shops.Room quality was average, nothing special, and the hotel's ambiance was terrible, reflecting the neighborhood that it really is in.Frankly I felt very unsafe walking around the neighborhood, I definitely wouldn't come here with a family for sure.Also the poor location means that taxis are almost impossible to come by; you're quite isolated.Stay away, there are a million better hotels in NYC at the same price level.	
Nov 4 2008 	Solid but not spectacular	I got a very good rate on this hotel recently for a 1-night stay. Keep in mind, that &quot;good rate&quot; is a relative term in NYC, but the rate was very fair. While there was nothing bad about my stay, this location didn't quite live up to the quality level and reputation of the fine Westin brand.On the plus side:-Great bedding, towels and amenities that are trademarks of Westin-Quiet room, with no noise bleeding through from halls.-Starbucks coffee, good in-room safe and nice quality televisions.-Polite reception by a very courteous, professional staff-Loved the &quot;double-headed showers!The minuses on this property are primarily in terms of building condition and design.-My room had a significant number of wall scratches, carpet stains, and little chips on furniture that simply didn't feel &quot;luxurious&quot;.-Some pretty hefty fees to use internet connections and weight room that discouraged me from trying either.-No robes in rooms, which is different from other Westin's I've stayed in.-a loose lamp fixture that was affixed to the wall. Again, not a life or death deal, just unbecoming a luxury business hotel.-Business center, which I only looked in, seemed incredibly crowded and squished.While I would definitely stay here again, as the beds, great location, and friendly staff make it a competent and comfortable night's stay, I just feel like this hotel can push itself a little to raise its &quot;true luxury&quot; reputation. A few new room furnishings and going through each room to make sure everything is fastened tight and all the t's are crossed would make a big difference.	
Nov 3 2008 	Well worth It!	Loved our stay here - we were on the 39th floor and had a fabulous view of 42nd St. The location is excellent - 1 min to Times Square but once you turn the corner you feel removed from the hustle &amp; bustle so it feels quite peaceful. If NYC could ever be described as that!The room was exactly as described and the beds do live up to the &quot;heavenly&quot; title. We tried Shulas and weren't disappointed - would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 2 2008 	Just Perfect.....	Myself and my parents visited this hotel for 5 nights to celebrate my Mothers 60th birthday. Everything about this hotel was just perfect.I contacted the hotel before hand to request a high corner room we immediately received a reply saying that we would both be upgraded to corner rooms with executive privileges!! This did not dissapoint the rooms were fabulous, the views incredible we had the Hudson on one side and the ESB on the other and the heavenly beds a joy to jump into after a day of sightseeing. When you wake at 4am for the first few mornings the sunrise is gorgeous over the skyscrapers.The executive lounge provided us with a quiet place to sit and chat about our day and plan the next. Here we were able to help ourselves to complimentary tasty hors d'oeuvres and soft drinks. we could also have beer or a glass of wine for $5 (much cheaper than the bar!) The breakfast was lovely, from porridge to bagels and fresh coffee and fruit juice.We were made to feel so welcome by every member of staff at this Hotel, check in was a breeze, all bar staff , housekeepers and the concierge warm and genuinely wanted us to have a great time. Hotels can easily provide clean comfortable rooms but this hotel did all the little things that make a difference; My mother received a bottle of prosecco and chocolate covered strawberries on arrival and then a bottle of champagne and strawberries on her birthday with a gift of a photo frame all wrapped beautifully. We purchased a cake elsewhere and the hotel stored it overnight and then provided us with a mini fridge for her room to keep the cake chilled. They also sent up a vase for her flowers within a few minutes of asking. We had late check out at 4pm and after this they said we could use the executive lounge until out taxi came a few hours later which allowed somewhere quiet to sit instead of the busy reception.The hotel was perfect for us in respect for location, I loved just walking out and being in the midst of the hustle and bustle, a few minutes from all the theatres, shops and take aways. We found a superb restaraunt a few blocks away on eighth avenue and 50th called Sosa Borella, lovely atmosphere and excellent food a couple of minutes from the Wintergarden theatre. We shopped (although not cheap anymore, some bargains such as Levis £22 from macy's) and took in two shows both excellent; Mama Mia and Haispray, we got the hairspray tickets half price two hours before from the TKTS booth under the red steps in times square, short queues as there are 12 booths and its a great place to take photos of the illuminations. Although Times Square never goes to sleep (we were shopping in Billabong at midnight) as soon as you enter your room you have complete silence.Great things we did; Top of the Rock, 3 hr Circle line cruise and ground zero museum which we booked before hand on their websites after reading the reviews on trip advisor 'things to do' its really worth reading those as our whole trip was full and went so smoothly. Took horse and carriage through central park on my mothers birthday, watched people iceskating in the sunshine. Took subway which was cheap, clean and much more spacious than the tube. Easy to navigate with very friendly people to help if you are not sure. Went on this up to bloomingdales and had lunch twice in a Diner opposite which was just lovely, the portions were huge! and service excellent. We felt completely safe at all times in New york.A great bonus was that we were able to watch the Northern lights on our flight home, something we will never forget.Overall the Westin was a perfect choice for us so thank you to all the staff there and especially to Maryann for making my Mothers special Birthday so memorable.	
Oct 31 2008 	Complete Satisfaction!	My family passed through New York on our way to a wedding, and we decided to spend one night in the Mid-town area to catch a Broadway show (Phantom of the Opera) to celebrate our wedding anniversary! (I know... didn't have a choice, we had to bring the kids with us...) We chose the Westin NY at Times Square mostly bacause of the overwhelming number of positive reviews at this site!Well, let me tell ya, they were well deserved, and I'll add our vote to the list! We had an amazingly satisfying experience! We do have a couple of nit-picks, which I will go into later, but they were insignificant in comparison to our overall positive impression of the hotel and its services.The hotel is ideally located for anyone who plans to visit Times Square and/or catch a Broadway show while in NY! (Is there any tourist/visitor who doesn't fit this profile?!) It's a small city block away from several major Broadway theaters, and one large block away from Times Square...close enough for an easy short stroll, even in a drizzle like we had, and far enough away to not be affected by the bright lights and loud noises! I think it took us 3 minutes to walk from the Westin to the theater for Phantom. Also, we had a rental car, but for guests who don't, there's a subway station right next to the hotel, and the Port Authority is 1 small block away! It can't get any more convenient!When I made our reservation, I had requested an early check-in and a room with 2 beds. So, upon our arrival in NY, I called the front desk to check on the room availability and was very pleasantly surprised that they had upgraded us to a corner deluxe king room!! Unfortunately, we couldn't take advantage of it because it only had 1 king bed... (It was my fault, I didn't change the default &quot;1 Adult&quot; when I made the reservation.) But, alas, the front desk clerk quickly found a room with 2 beds for us. The room wasn't cleaned yet, so we drove to the TKTS office to pick up our show tickets and had lunch before calling the hotel again. This time our room was ready! Even with the room change, we were still able to check-in about an hour before the standard 3 pm check-in, so it was early, just not as early as we had hoped. But, the front desk lady was very friendly and helpful in rearranging our rooms and apologizing for the delay!When we finally drove up to the hotel -- my first nit-pick -- none of the door men were friendly. They were efficient in unloading our car and welcomed us to the hotel, but it was spoken like a recording without warmth or even a smile. But everyone else at the hotel during our short stay were friendly, courteous and helpful! In fact, when we found out my daughter left her doll on the car, the bell boy, who was busy unloading luggages in our room, quickly called downstairs. Unfortunately, our car had already been driven away to an independent parking garage a block away. If we were to ask the garage to return the car, they would've charged us another $40 parking fee again!! So, the bell boy volunteered to show me the location of the garage. Thankfully, I was able to retrieve that #%@&amp;ing doll before all hell broke loose...Our room was located on the 40th floor with a huge window facing toward the Times Square direction!! What an amazing view of the city skyline!! We can even see the pedestrians and the neon lights of Times Square in between the buildings. But, it was surprisingly quiet because we're so high up. The street noises were very muffled and barely audible. As my wife said, we couldn't have asked for a better room location!!The room itself was very clean, modernly decorated and furnished. It was very spacious by NY standard. Even with kids and luggages, we didn't feel cramped. My wife loved the iPod dock on the stereo alarm unit! There is a big LCD TV, but we didn't try it because of our short stay and the Phantom show. Last, but not least, the 2 Westin Heavenly beds were soooooo comfortable that we just had to order one yesterday after we got back home!!!The bathroom was highly functional and roomy as well! My kids loved the 2 sprayer shower head! They thought it was the neatest thing. But, that brings up my 2nd nit-pick. The counter space in the bathroom was too limited and too shallow. My kids accidently tipped a bottle of lotion on the counter, and it fell into the toilet below. As many of you know how young kids are, sometimes they don't flush... Let's just say, it wasn't pleasant...Oh, the biggest surprise of our stay was the room service delivered a complementary bottle of champagne and 5 chocolate covered strawberries to help celebrate our anniversary!!! WOW! We were shocked!! My wife and I had to pick our jaws up from the floor when we found out!! Afterwards, we were giddy with that generous and considerate gesture!! (or, maybe it was the champagne that made us giddy...)Oh, oh, to top it off, I got an email from the hotel customer service apologizing for mixing up our room and not having it ready when we arrived into NY. As a gesture of their concern, they have credit my Starwood account with 5,000 points!! All I can say is what else can a hotel guest expect and ask for?!!! It's been one incredible experience of exceptional customer service! I must take my hat off to Maryanne, Westin's hotel manager, who have made our stay so special and memorable! I know where my family will stay in our future visits to NYC!!	
Oct 25 2008 	wonderfull hotel	wonderfull hotel !!Excellent location just off times square.....Very clean and very comfortable beds....Rooms very modern in design and feel with famous signature heavenly beds and showers...Hotel is worthy of star rating....Would deff stay here again.	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice Stay	I had a sweet experience at Westin..Pros &amp; Cons:Pros:Great locationNeat roomsMovie theater inside the hotel!Cons:A bit expensiveBusiness lounge (for internet) closes at 10:00pmCheap breakfast	
Oct 24 2008 	Great hotel	Another winner from Priceline. This hotel was very classy, the room was spacious, the king bed extremely comfortable, and the decor modern-attractive. The bath and shower products were especially pleasant. Ipod alarm clock/docking station was appreciated. The (free) umbrellas were great. The hotel is extremely convenient to subway, Port Authority, and Times Square. The hotel seemed like it would have been a great place to relax the day away had it not been for that business meeting. Acceptable pizza can be had after midnight 1 block away. Highly recommend.	
Oct 24 2008 	miss it would go back	my sister and close friend stayed there for nine wonderful nights. the room we stayed in had plenty of room for the three of us. i believe we were in the deluxe double. the room was very clean as was the entire hotel. the staff was very professional and polite. i had a chance to check out the spa which i loved, could have spent more time in there. if you would like a little frig for continous drinks and to put a few snacks/food in they will provide you with one. there is everything you need in this area, the night-life, liqour stores, comedy shows across the street, drug store, endless food, a movie theater, we took in SITC, great movie.. easy excess to everything.. oh yes the beds were heavenly.. i would recommend this to anyone as i haved been to nyc 3 times and this was my best stay. it was a little more cost wise but truely worth the little more that i paid. i miss the westin and can't wait to get back to enjoy fabulous new york city..	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Hotel!	My wife and I checked in to the Westin New York last weekend and it really blew us away. The location of the hotel is ideal, since it is so close to Times Square, but the doors don't open directly into the massive crowds of people on Broadway. Considering the large size of the property, I was especially impressed with the quality of service. Check-in was a breeze, there was virtually no waiting at all. When I called the front desk from my room, someone picked up the phone immediately and was able to assist me. Housekeeping was attentive and did a great job. We were in a junior suite, which was a huge room by NYC hotel standards. Great views from our giant windows (which also kept the room nice and bright) and the room was also very quiet. The bathroom was cool and modern and everything was super clean and comfortable. We would definitely recommend this hotel over the other hotels in the TImes Square area.	
Oct 20 2008 	Awesome experience... Breathtaking view from our room!!!!	This hotel is wonderful... Not to mention the Staff!!! Very polite, courteous and profesional! When I mentionned it was my first time in NYC, she decided to give me the room with the BEST view... And I have to admit, it was!!!! I dont think I could of got any better. The room was big, clean and had everything I needed to complement my stay in Time Square. Conveniently located, this hotel is close to anything and everything!!! The only thing is the hotel's restaurant... WAY TOO EXPENSIVE!!!! I dont see how they can justify 6$ for a small coffee... It ended up costing 60$ for ONE breakfast, for two... CRAZY!!! But beside that, I would stay there again without even thinking about it! :)	
Oct 18 2008 	Brilliant location!	This was a great hotel! Shula's steakhouse is in the lobby so the food is fantastic if expensive. The rooms were clean, and surprisingly spacious for Manhattan. I loved being right by Times Square as we were easily able to walk to most of our sights and the subway was close to get us everywhere else! The bed was yummy, exactly what you expect from a Westin hotel. I will definitely stay here next time we visit the Big Apple!	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Location comfy beds	Stayed here for 4 nights. The hotel is in a great location for Times Square. We had a King room which was excellent, large for NYC and with a huge comfortable bed which is what you need when you have been on a long flight and also after long days of sight seeing! Did not hear a thing from neighbours so we had a sound nights sleep, plus being on the 44th floor meant great views of the city and no street noise. The air conditioning worked very well and one of the quietest systems I have experienced recently. The room was very modern with everything you could expect (bathroom had 2 types of shower gel, conditioner, body lotion, sewing kits, shower caps, vanity kit and mouthwash). There is a coffee machine that brews Starbucks in the room which is great but to make a simple cup of tea was a challenge and they never provided enough creamer also the room service was expensive (but to be expected) but they were our only negatives. You pay a lot for an average hotel in NYC but not a lot more to get a high standard one so I would definately recommend this hotel.Concierge very helpful, was able to book top restaruants online and provide advice on how to travel around.Would recommend the Grayline sight seeing bus if you have not been before (done it twice now) and you get a discount by booking online before you travel. Don't forget to get your 11% discount card in Macy's!	
Oct 16 2008 	Do not confuse the Westin with the Wynn or the Wyndham	Do not confuse the Westin with the Wynn or Wyndhamhotels, the Westin is not as nice as the others. This hotelis located in the crowded Times Square area. I had hopedfor it to be a few blocks from the madness, but it is rightin the middle of it all....the tourists, the glitzy signage, andall...the hotel itself was nice but uninspiring....and overpriced.I was told that my room was a special upgrade with a viewof the city and river. It was nice but some of the details such assloppy workmanship (poor caulking in the bathroom, poor trim around the baseboard, cheesy table with worn velcro) and city smells inside were noticeable. I was a solo travelerand my room rate was $429 per night plus tax, so for onlytwo nights my cost was just over $1000! The internet chargeis about $18 per night, or you can pay as you go in their business center off the lobby starting at $6.95 for 15 minutes.If you like being in the middle of the craziness, just one block from Times Square and one block from the Port Authority, then this hotel is for you. The hotel restaurant, Shula's, is famous for their steak (minimum $55) and also serves an expensivebreakfast and lunch. Their are plenty of reasonably priced cafes and walk in restaurants (Cafe Europa, Ben &amp; Jerry's) nearby.I also stayed at the Hilton Mid-town, 1335 Ave of the Americas,during this trip, and I believe it is a better value than the Westin($100 cheaper per night, great location, better service, beautifulrooms on the 33rd floor, wonderful quality inside air for a city hotel).	
Oct 11 2008 	Excellent	Excellet hotel, with an excellent location, amaizing views from its rooms. It is a moderm bulding, rooms are small, like an another hotels in the area, but with every thing you need for a business/pleasure trip. Be carefull with the man in the door, he accepts tips from the taxi drivers, and then the taxi drivers give you a round to go to the airport.People in reception was correct.	
Oct 10 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	We recently stayed at this hotel in times square for three nights. The room was ok, the bathroom was bad with a pocket door that did not close. On our last night, we woke up at 3 AM to a loud crash coming from the room next door and a woman screaming at the top of her lungs. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. This smashing and screaming went on until 5 AM. After my third call to the desk, things got quiet again, but we only had one hour left at that point, since we had to catch a plane. I know the hotel cannot control the behavior of their guests, but this was out of control and they should have been removed much sooner than they were. But that's not even close to the worst of it. When I got my AMEX bill, I found that they charged us for TWO rooms! When I called to have them remove the charge, they said it was a nonrefundable rate. Can you believe it? They made a mistake and want me to pay over a thousand dollars for it and they only have one response: &quot;I'm sorry, but it's a nonrefundable room rate.&quot; No matter what I say, they do not hear me. I have never had a problem in any hotel before, ever, so I just had to write about it.	
Oct 9 2008 	Fantastic Location	Hotel was fab - our stay was for our honeymoon we stayed 7 nights, our room was upgraded and we received a bottle of wine and a cheese board on the house on the 1st night which was a lovely gesture and a surprise. The room was spacious with fantastic views of the empire state building, the hotel e walk is fab - starbucks and a cinema etc. The hotel is perfect for getting to any location - we walked most places and found them all very close to the hotel - the nearest to the hotel been Times Square.The hotel staff were all very friendly and the hotel is very new and clean.I would definately recommend this hotel and hope to stay in NY again in the future. Best holiday ever!!	
Oct 6 2008	Family friendly superb location.	Great choice of Hotel. Excellent location, friendly staff and great Concierge. Was able to check in on arrival early am, and the reception staff went out of there way to offer an alternative lower floor, but we held out for our booked room type on the 35th floor. Smallish size room with two double beds and excellent views of Times Square and the Empire State Building. Hardly any noise. Beds were bliss. Travelling with a 2 year old, I liked the kids pack (including night light, socket covers and plasters etc.,. Would recommend that bed guards for Children are pre booked as none available during our stay. Toiletries in bathroom a little limited,(no shower caps, earbuds) but powerful hairdryer. Hotel services a little pricey but typical of a 5 star. Good deli right next to hotel for cheaper food and supermarket across the road. Overall brilliant stay. Would recommend and would revisit.	
Oct 4 2008	Great hotel with central location!	Wonderful staff. Got a free upgrade to a spa-inspired room. Decent size rooms-very clean and nice bathrooms. Loved the beds-were wonderful to get into after a long tiring day. Massaging chair in the room did a great job in relaxing sore muscles! We had an amazing time there. Would recommend this place to everyone!	
Oct 4 2008 	Good Location for Broadway Shows	This is a high rise luxury hotel in the heart of times square. Service is excellent. Rooms are pricier than the neighboring Marriott but it is worlds apart. First, its smaller and quieter. Rooms are small by national standards but average for NYC. I stayed in a larger corner deluxe room which has excellent views. Club floor rooms are the same but include the lounge which had a decent cold breakfast and evening munchies. Bar is cash but drinks are only 5 dollars. Lounge includes access to gym which is on the 23rd floor and looks out over the Hudson river--very striking view. hotel staff are very attentive and friendly. They have a separate Tour-Show concierge from the regular concierge. Bar in the lobby is sleek and very trendy NYC. Attached to the hotel is Chevys which has very good mexican food (go thru exit next to business center). Hotel also gave up on charging for internet to print boarding passes--its free finally in the bus center. Location is the best feature--right in the theater district. Growing up in NY, I always hated getting out of a show at 11 PM and my parents cursing trying to hail a cab. Stay here and you have no more than a 2 to 4 block walk. Very classy, business oriented hotel but you will pay for it.	
Oct 1 2008	A Fantastic Modern Hotel a Few Steps from Times Square	The Westin Hotel is known for pampering, and I can't tell you how thrilled I was to experience this! The hotel rooms are comfortable, with the Heavenly beds the best thing of all! The two Heavenly shower heads made you want to stay under the water forever. After walking all over the City, it was a treat just to get back to our room and relax in the plushness of the bed. The staff were all friendly, and the bell desk was the most efficient and helpful of all. I can't wait to stay another night at the Westin!	
Sep 30 2008 	Best in Times Square	I've stayed at this hotel so many times I can't even count. And every time I do I'm not disappointed. It is by far the best hotel in Times Square and probably my favorite place to stay in NYC. I'm surprised that other reviewers would have anything negative to say about this place because I have never had a bad experience here. Everything from the lobby, to the rooms, to the service, to the location is ideal in my opinion. Firstly, the rooms are about as big as you'll find anywhere in the city. The heavenly beds are incredibly comfortable and despite the fact that the hotel is just about a block away from the center of Times Square, I can't recall ever really noticing the noise from outside. The bathrooms are very clean, modern, and contemporary and I absolutely love the heavenly shower.The location is also ideal being just a block away from the middle of everything in Times Square but equally conveniently located less than a block from the Port Authority bus terminal and right across the street from the entrance to the Subway. No matter how you come into the city it's easy to get to the Westin via public transportation.I also happen to love the cocktail bar off of the lobby. They have a great martini menu and also have a light food menu... a perfect place to start an evening. I've also heard really good things about the steak house Shula's (although I'm not a big red meat eater myself).The concierge has always been very helpful in suggesting places to eat nearby and the front desk staff has also always been very accommodating in allow us to check-in early when rooms are available.One thing to watch for is when they offer weekend discounted room rates via the Starwood website. Every once and awhile you can get a room here for $199/night-- which is a bargain for the area. I probably wouldn't ever pay over $299 to stay here (or anywhere for that matter) but when I see a great rate pop-up I'm always first to snatch it up. Overall I can't see one thing to fault in this hotel. Every time I try another hotel in the area I'm reminded of why I love this one so much. I will definitely be coming back again and again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Cold sterile uncourteous	In TripA, this hotel is voted the 77th best hotel in NYC. I think that's generous. Typical, not charming. American corporate chain hotel. The location is not great, the rooms very basic for the price, the room service slooow. Go somewhere else,	
Sep 25 2008 	great hotel choice for NYC	So I have stayed at lots of hotels in NYC - and I love this hotel. I booked the day before I needed to check in, and got a great rate. Some hotels will screw you when you book cheaper rates - but I got a great corner room with a view. They even let me check in early, which a lot of hotels in NYC don't let you do...Some pros of this hotel- Location is excellent for times square, and very walkable to central park, empire state building, etc.- Beds are outrageously comfortable. Outrageous. You will want to buy one when you leave. I did!- Great shower- Very good toiletries- Twice the size of many similar-priced NYC hotel rooms. Sitting area near the window, large desk, etc.- Great view from the upper floors- Staff is polite and super helpful - rare for NYC as well- Bathroom is clean and spacious- Nice flat panel TVs in the rooms- Near tons of restaurants and bars, as well as small grocery stores to get water, etc- ipod docking stationI have to come up with a couple cons- Not a ton of counter space in the bathroom - makes it hard to maneuver- This is a giant hotel that seems to get lots of groups - so the lobby can be sort of a zoo sometimesLove this hotel! I find myself trying to find ways to come back!	
Sep 24 2008 	Great place to stay	I've stayed at the Westin for several times now, and I have never had a bad experience here. The rooms are always very nice, the heavenly bed always a delight, and the showers lovely. It's a great place to stay if you're visiting the city, and you can usually get some good deals on it, especially if you're a Starwoods hotels member. The spa there opened recently, within the past year, and I tried it out on my last visit there. Although not as fancy or big as some other places, the masseuse was very professional, and it was actually one of the best massages I have gotten. I stayed in a junior suite on one of the upper floors, and the views are amazing. The Westin is definitely a great find, as there are usually good deals on it. Location is great.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very good overall but expensive	Spent one night at the Westin as a family in July 2008. We paid full price (&gt; $400 / night) but were given a room on the top floor (45th) with an amazing city view.Pros:- great location, just close enough to Times Square but not right in the madness of it- friendly welcome at the reception (they even spoke some french with us which was a nice touch)- super view on Times Square (+ Empire State bldng)- windows that actually open - steps to the theaters- fast and efficient elevators Cons:-Boutiquish look and feel, a bit too cold and trendy for our taste- too business like- weird and inconvenient bathroom- weak air conditioningWe would go back but only if given a lower special rate.	
Sep 22 2008 	Okay stay at the Westin	We had an average stay at the Westin. It certainly doesn't feel like a high-class five star hotel but neither is it disappointing. The lobby is attractive and the beds were huge (we had a king), with a well-appointed bathroom. But the view we had was pretty dull and the paper was slightly peeling off the walls. The lamps were also not put together properly and rattlesdwhen you turned them on. A bit more attention to detail would vastly improve this hotel. I wouldn't pay $500 a night for this Westin but there are some good deals on the hotel website, so check those out.	
Sep 20 2008 	Best hotel ever	This is the best hotel I have stayed at it were just a shame it were only for the weekend but i will be staying again next time i visit the big apple. The staff were very helpful and nice not at all rude like some other reviews made out.The rooms were huge and the beds are the best beds in the world there to die for very good for chilling out in after having a hard day at the shops and sights.Also the room were very clean and were always done by the time we returned in the late afternoon.We did not eat at the hotel but the menu looked good but we did have a night cap at the hotel bar. Once again this was the best hotel we have stayed at thank you to all the staff at westin hope to be back soon.	
Sep 19 2008 	Would Never Recommend This Hotel!	Our stay was a prepaid gift, but the desk people required a credit card from us on arrival, &quot;for incidentals.&quot; Of course, our credit card was billed for the entire amount -- a discounted rate that, in our fairly sophisticated opinion, was too high anyway. We and our benefactor had to make many calls and provide several copies of the prepaid booking, to try and straighten the situation out, and after a week, we think we may be making progress. Unlike some reviewers, we found only some of the staff to be rude. Most of the people we have dealt with have just been clueless. No one seems empowered to make a customer-oriented decision. After an average room, average service, and a very substandard billing experience, we would advise other travelers to go elsewhere.	
Sep 18 2008 	Sleek Oasis in Crazy Town	I love a good value, so when I saw a $199/nite rate for the Westin over labor day weekend, I couldn't pass it up. My friends and I stayed 4 nights, and I didn't want to leave afterwards. I took the Airtrain and subway into Manhattan from JFK (it's the cheapest way into town and not that difficult at $7/person), and after all the travel, the Westin was like a shining beacon of sleek comfort when i popped out of the subway at 43rd and 8th. What's not to love about the Westin? Location was super convenient to various subway lines, short walk to theatres, the madness of times square, less than a mile to Bloomingdales after passing Rockefeller Center...but I digress. The service and attitude of the staff was pretty good for New York City. I got the best tips for good local eats from the bell staff. If you have access to the executive club (platinum SPG) you can enjoy their complimentary breakfast each day. While not the grandest spread, it was decent. The lox was really good...but they ran out of bagels each day. I wished there was more hot food on offer (aside from the oatmeal). But can't really complain.The bed and shower was great.The only odd thing was the Apple PC they had in the room. I'm not a Mac person, and the wireless mouse was dead, so I couldn't figure out the keyboard shortcut controls for the thing when i was trying to use it. I ended up leaving it powered on because I didn't know how to shut it down....and putting a towel over the monitor to try to squelch the light in the night. Westin: maybe you can leave the guest some simple shortcut instructions in the event another user has the same Mac-illiterate experiences.Oh, and is there any way you can turn up the lighting in the hallway, so that when getting ready for a night out, I can get a better look at myself? Yes, I know, vain. But really I'd love to stay there again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great hotel for sightseeing base	We used this as a base for 4 days in NYC on our honeymoon. We were not in the hotel much hence why we had chosen what is more of a nice business hotel than a personable hotel. Couldn't fault the hotel though. The cold breakfast we received as a result of an upgraded room was great and saved us time in the mornings. Room was huge but terrible view. Excellent location for the main sights.	
Sep 7 2008 	Tranquility in the middle of the Manhattan Jungle	I stayed one Saturday night at Westin Times Square with my sister and mom for my sister's 30th birthday. I chose this hotel because the Hilton was not available, and we needed to stay somewhere close to both Port Authority terminal and the Schoenfeld theatre for our show that evening. We arrived prior to noon and our room was not available. We left our bags with the bellman, left the hotel, and returned after 3:00pm, the hotel's check-in time. There was somewhat of a delay in getting our room, with the front desk clerk needing to check with a supervisor, but ultimately we were given a room with 2 double beds on a high floor overlooking 8th avenue, as I had requested in my initial reservation (I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member). The room was not as small as I had expected. The bathroom had a tub/shower combo, small sink and commode, closed with a frosted pocket door. The closet contained the coffee maker, fridge and safe. The two double beds had a single nightstand between, but there was room for a desk, chair and lounge chair as well. Flat screen TV. I love the Westin's heavenly bed, and we were able to get a good night's rest. Street noise was minimal despite being on the Port Authority side of the building. We were high enough up to overlook the river and New Jersey. It was peaceful to look out over the city on Sunday morning. The window in the room actually opened for those of you who like fresh, city air. Overall the room was neat and clean. On par with Westin standards. The lobby was in classic Westin decor -- peaceful tones, spotlessly clean, pleasant scent and comfortable seating. Our guest room was pleasantly decorated in Westin's new modern look. Traveler's pictures accurately depict it. Service was good. I asked for a birthday cake for my sister and they delivered it when we returned from the show. Despite the wait, check-in and check-out were smooth. I had to correct the room rate at check-out, but this was done with pleasantly and without incident. Our rate included in-room breakfast, which was delicious, fresh and up to Westin's standards. Bell staff were eager to help and hail a cab. Overall, the hotel had the tranquil, upscale ambience makes you feel relaxed and welcomed the minute you enter the hotel. I would choose this hotel again for my Manhattan hotel needs and would recommend it without hesitation.	
Sep 1 2008 	Will return to the Westin Times Square	Our family stayed at the Westin Times Square 8/27 to 8/30 . We are Starwood gold members and were upgraded to a &quot;VIP&quot; room. I assume VIP means upper floors, as my wife and daughter had stayed there once before in a larger corner, non &quot;VIP&quot; room. However, I do recommend getting an upper level room if possible as the room was very quiet, and we could hear very little city noise. Overall, the room was small, but this is probably to be expected in NYC. However it was comfortable with the heavenly beds and dual showhead we've come to expect with Westin hotels. I would add that there is very little counter space in the bathroom. The location is very convenient to Times Square and Broadway theatres. All the staff we encountered were courteous, friendly and helpful. Our plan is to stay here again on our next visit to NYC.	
Aug 31 2008 	Fantasic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Westin New York Times Square for 5 days at the end of August. This is our 3rd trip to NYC. We got a fantastic deal online and I have to say I was a bit worried because I thought maybe the deal was too good! We arrived early and checked our bags in, no problems there. Check-in was smooth. When we walked in our room, I was so greatly relieved ....... it was absolutely FANTASTIC! We had a beautiful riverview, everything was bright and clean. During our whole stay we had great housekeeping service and the location is sooooo central! I would absolutely, positively stay here again and will the very next time I visit NYC!TIPS: Great pizza place one block over (I think on 44th), John's Pizzeria, also Junior's (I think on 45th) was a great place/good value, wonderful cheesecake (I had the carrot cake cheesecake, so good!!!!). We also bought the CityPass, which is a really good deal if you are planning to do the things that are included with it.	
Aug 30 2008 	Peaceful Stay in a Hectic Location	My girlfriend and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Westin at Times Square and cannot complain about the service received or the room itself.Reception Staff - very helpful indeed. For all those visitors using Travellers Cheques, they do not charge to exchange them.Room - Asked for a high room with a view and although not looking at any stand-out feature of NYC, the view was good. The room and bathroom was always clean and tidy. The bed is very comfortable after a long hard day walking and we found there was adequate bathroom space for toiletries, etc. We were advised the minibar was sensitive to movement so don't be too tempted to see what is in there. If travelling from Europe, dont take your hairdryer as they are not as powerful when used in the US plug sockets (as my girlfriend found out!).Only downside was the constant reminder for tips from the baggage handlers and the guys on the front door. We appreciate they make their wages up with tips but do not think the constant reminders are required. Not the best location for food - unless you want fast food but for breakfast there are plenty of coffee shops and other bakeries selling croissants, muffins, etc. (PAX opposite Madame Tussauds is good).If getting a yellow cab back to the hotel, just tell them near the Port Authority Building as not one taxi driver knew where the Westin was!Trip Tips - Do Top Of The Rock at dusk and watch the sunset (we would advise you give it a day or two (if you can) just so you can work out what time the sun sets and then go up after you know). The Grayline bus tours were good (uptown, downtown and the night tour) but felt it became a broadway audition from the 'wannabe actor' guides at times rather than them telling you points of interest (although we did get one older guide who was very informative) and again with the constant tip reminders. We would advise you to prebook your tickets for the Statue of Liberty and get there early to avoid the queues. If there are any students in your party take your student cards if you are going to any of the museums for a slight discount. Use the subway as its fast, cheap and not as scary as you may think. Used Grand Central to get to Bloomingdales and the Brooklyn bridge and both stops bring you out right next to them.Would stay at the hotel again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fantastic views and location	My husband and I stayed at the Westin Times Square for 5 nights at the end of last year (sorry for the late review!) and we were really pleased with our choice.We picked the hotel predominately for the location and because I do tend to favour hotels with modern, fresh decor and clean lines. The Westin ticked the boxes on both counts and so we were confident that we would have an enjoyable stay. After reading Trip Advisor reviews on which rooms tended to have the best views, we asked our travel agent to book us in a corner room and to request a room on a high floor which ended in the number 39. We knew it was a might be a bit of a tall order bearing in mind the size of the hotel and the amount of guests staying there at any one time so we really didn't have massively high expectations of the request being granted. When we arrived at the hotel, check in was very smooth and found the staff to be pleasant. Sure enough, we were given room 4439 and we were absolutely delighted.We made our way up to the room in the ear popping speedy lift and when we opened the door, we were both astounded. The back wall was just a bank of windows and the views were spectacular. To the right, was the Hudson River. Straight ahead was the Empire State Building and we could actually see all the way down to the tip of Lower Manhattan and to our left was Times Square. I couldn't imagine a more exciting and amazing view! I was so pleased about it that I went back down to the reception and thanked the lady who checked us in. She looked ever so pleased and beamed back at me when I told her how thrilled I was! As for the room itself, it was a good size although the bathroom was a little tight. I probably could have done with more counter space in there! The double headed shower (which I think is called Westin Heavenly shower) was divine though. I'm a shower person and I loved it. The pressure, especially considering how high we were up, was excellent as were the different settings. The bed was lovely and comfortable, the room was furnished very nicely and was immaculately clean. The nice, modern touches of an HDTV and iPod docking station finished the room off well. We found there was plenty of wardrobe (closet) space, and we were happy to have an in-room safe and coffee maker in the room as they are always standard requirements for us. The complimentary mineral water was also really great after a long day shopping!!We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants because there is such a vast choice in Manhattan. We did find the Starbucks attached to the hotel very handy! We also went to the cinema that is attached which was also great.The biggest plus for the hotel is obviously the location. It took just a couple of minutes to walk to Times Square and Fifth Avenue and Macy's were about 15 minutes or so either way. Everywhere felt like it was within easy reach and there was a Subway station just a couple of minutes away.The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is that the bathroom was on the small side (although that's not really unusual for New York) and the strange lack of a blackout blind on the window looking over to Times Square. Although we expected there to be lots going on outside (although we weren't affected by noise at all and found it to be very quiet), we only had a curtain which was almost sheer hanging on that window. We didn't know if there was a blind missing or if it was the way it was designed but it was pretty offputting having a flashing screen going on at 3am with no way to block it out!All in all, a very nice stay at the Westin and we would definitely consider staying there again next time we go to New York.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great central hotel	We booked this hotel in January on a special Expedia deal - 40% discount and arrived on a very hot, busy August Saturday afternoon having travelled from Cape Cod. The hotel was everything we hoped for and there were 10 of us - 6 children and 4 adults. We were upgraded to Club Rooms and were very pleased with both the accommodation and the service we were given. The rooms were clean and well appointed.The location was brilliant once you worked out Times Square and that if you went out of the back entrance you were somewhere very different from the front entrance! We had a great time, with the hotel as a much needed oasis and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Nice hotel - pricey but average for NYC I guess	We wanted a mid-town NYC hotel that wouldn't smash the piggy bank. Got a &quot;deal&quot; on hotels.com which (after taxes etc, etc...etc) worked out at just under $400/night.Ok...so that's a lot of green for a hotel. So you'd be entitled to expect a lot, right ? Well, if you discount the fact that $400 for a hotel room is ridiculous in any language, or in any town, then I guess you could say we got our money's worth.The location (1 block off Times Sq) was fantastic. The lobby/bell hop/concierge service was friendly, informal and first rate, The room was modern, clean and very nice - it was also a Normal 'normal' size, not a NYC normal size.Restaurant/bar prices were ridiculous, but no worse than anywhere else in NY.The place exuded a sense of understated class. Not too 'in your face' upscale - especially for a Manhattan hotel.. It felt comfortable, classy and friendly....until you saw that $$ number on the checkout invoice..Yikes - Orlando next year !	
Aug 28 2008 	Good location	I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights at the end of a month long trip throughout North America. I was generally happy with the hotel in the end, although my initial check-in experience was terrible.The lady at the front desk was extremely rude. I was two hours early for check-in and realised I would probably be unable to go straight to my room however she was exceptionally dismissive and almost annoyed that I had dared show up early (unavoidable due to flight times). As it was my first trip to New York I went to the concierge to see if I could get a map and some pointers to walk around until I could come back and check-in. Again I was faced with a rude and unhelpful staff member.However, that said this was my only complaint. By the time I returned there were new staff on the front desk and the gentleman could not have been more helpful or polite. I settled right in and was very happy with my room which was very large and had an extremely comfortable bed. I was very happy with the lobby bar, which had excellent staff and a nice atmosphere. It was clean with very fast elevators and I am a big fan of the in-room coffee machine.Obviously it is in a good location for broadway shows and plenty of tourist action. I managed to get a very good price on the room so it was definitely worth it and I would stay again and recommend it, however had I paid more, the intital check-in experience would have definitely turned me off from returning.	
Aug 26 2008 	Good midtown location spotty service	When we booked through the spg program six months in advance we requested a king bed on a high level floor with a view. They granted part of that request, but unfortunately the view was not great. As you have undoubtedly read, the hotel is located a block from the garish Timesquare, which has its pluses and minuses. One downside is that there are few close local choices for dining; mostly chains instead. And there are crowds of people everywhere, which gets a bit old after a day or so. But transportation is never a problem and being close to most of the subway lines is a definite plus that should not be overlooked.Our room was nice and standard Westin quality. The bathroom was too clinical looking for my taste and there was not adequate counter space. But there were other shelves in the bathroom to use for storage. Contrary to one previous reviewer, I appreciated the cardboard Starwood coffee cups, which made it easy to grab coffee to go. Upon return late one afternoon, we found our room door partly ajar. Housekeeping had apparently forgotten to close it. The room was also not cleaned, made obvious by the still unmade bed. It was as though housekeeping had come in and then left right away (after taking the tip money we left out). We did a quick inventory of personal belongings of value in the room and did not find anything missing.Speaking of housekeeping, we would hang our towels up after using them, with the intention of using them one more time before changing them for fresh ones, and housekeeping would change them anyway. One day we left the dirty towels on the bathroom floor to indicate they needed changing, and we received no clean towels. Housekeeping overall seemed to be inconsistent, but minor inconveniences that were solved by a quick phone call to the service desk.I didn’t understand why this hotel charged for use of the fitness center but I’ve stayed in other Westins that have not. This is a confusing policy. We ran in Central Park instead of using the treadmills, which was a must-do experience for any runner who visits NYC, but it would have been nice to have complimentary use of the fitness center.Overall, the hotel was pleasant and a nice retreat from a long day of siteseeing and shopping. For a good rate I would probably stay again, but would hope for a view the next time around. However, there was nothing that made our stay spectacular, so if you’re looking for someplace really special, I would keep looking.	
Aug 21 2008 	Excellent service fantastic hotel and what a perfect location!	I stayed with my fiance for 6 nights at Westin NY and it was very much the best hotel Ive ever stayed at. The service right from the beginning was just amazing. Everything worked so well, starting from the bell captains to the housekeepers. The professionalism throughout the staff was just something which is second to none and I cant give enough credit for their work.We got a really nice corner room from 32nd floor and the view was really nice indeed. Room had everything we could have ever asked for. The style is modern, but at the same time it hasnt got too carried away (for example the W hotels Ive visited things are a bit too weird for my taste compared to this, not that W hotels would be bad, I dont say that, but I prefer Westin style) - the functionality of the room was really at the highest level.During our stay the housekeeper made enormous effort every day to make the room look like new and she even regularly asked if there would have been anything else we would have liked her to arrange - more towels, anything. This pro-active attitude was really amazing to experience. But there was nothing we could have asked more - the work she did was just perfect.I have worked at the high style hotel some 10years ago and I would think I pretty much know what to expect - but this stay was just above all expectations. At the reception desk the concierge was always so helpful and same thing with the theatre &amp; tours reservation desk. We also used the Spa and gym during our stay, and I cant think any better service or facilities there either. We had the opportunity to use the Executive Club lounge at the 8th floor to get our morning breakfast there, which was also very nice way to start the day before exploring the city.I will recommend this hotel to all my colleagues and friends/relatives who aim to stay in New York in the future. I think the price and quality ratio at Westin NY is so much above any other hotel that its hard to find the correct words to describe the level of the facilities, service and satisfaction which you can get when staying at this fantastic hotel. I will choose Westin every time I visit in NY, there is absolutely no question about that.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Hotel for What we Paid	I, my husband and our 13 year old daughter took our first NYC trip at the end of July. I read some really mixed reviews of this hotel but for $219 dollars a night I almost couldn't pass it up. We got the city view and it was incredible. We could watch the hustle and bustle below and sometimes hear the street bands play through our window. It was so conveniently located to times square and the comedy club across the street was AWESOME. The rooms are great, the beds are to die for. My own husband wouldn't even let me sleep with him because he wasn't sharing such a great bed with anyone LOL. Bathroom could have been cleaner, but who really cares. Maid services wasn't great, but again who cares. I guess the difference between the reviews you will read, and believe me I read ALOT,and my review is what I paid versus the rate you would normally pay. These rooms can go from 350 to 650 a room depending on the season. Service was great, location great, hotel was beautiful. Would I pay $600 a night? No way. But if your want a great hotel, and catch a great deal, I would definitely stay here again. Actually, I plan on going again in December of next year. If going visit Texas BarBQue. Good food, cheap drinks great atmosphere, but then again, I'm a native Texan. I hope you enjoy NYC as much as I did.	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent location!!	We stayed at the Westin Times Square for a long weekend in celebration of my 30th birthday. We booked our room in February '08 through a Hotwire Travel Ticker promotion for $199/night. By the time our trip rolled around rooms in the hotel and the surrounding area were in the range of $350/night or more. Anyway, besides the price, I have absolutely no regrets about staying at the Westin. Location: Between 7th and 8th Avenues and 42nd and 43rd Streets. You are in the center of everything! Every subway line stops within a 1/2 block of the hotel. Times Square is within a block. You have the option of exiting/entering on 42nd or 43rd...If you're going on a walk to times square, etc. you can enter/exit on 42nd and be in the center of the action. If you need a cab with a lot less hassle, exit on 43rd and the bellman can get for you without dealing with all of the traffic/people of times square. There are drug stores within a block, restaurants line every street (the 24 hour McD's came in handy), two movie theaters (one in the hotel and one across the street on 42nd), Madame Tussaud's, and Ripley's are across the street. Friends we traveled with stayed near the UN and in Murray Hill. No matter where we were traveling for the day, we always had to start out in Times Square. So, it took us 2 minutes to get to the meeting place, they had to take cabs, buses, or very long walks.Hotel cleanliness, amenities: There is a Shula's Steakhouse and bar on the property...I didn't try either so I can't give a review on them. However, it was nice having the option. The room itself was extremely clean and exactly as pictured on the websites I researched before booking. We had a view of the Hudson River. The windows are tinted so you are not bothered by blazing sunrises/sunsets. We were on the 43rd floor and coincidentally there was an ice machine on our floor that was very convenient. The bedding and shower were fantastic! I've been in a number of hotels that offer their products for sale...this is one of the first I actually browsed through for pricing and purchase details. Amazingly, the prices weren't out of this world...I would definitely consider purchasing the double shower head and comforter/duvet, etc. We had occassion to speak with the concierge--we had to leave messages as to our requests and we received return phone calls or the information requested was printed and slipped under our door..AWESOME! The front desk clerk that handled both our check-in and check-out was friendly and recognized/thanked us for being Starwood members and asked if I had any questions/requests. Upon checking out we checked our baggage with the bell desk--we left our luggage with them for several hours while we went to explore Central Park and Midtown Comics before our flight home. Both drop off and pick up of our bags was smooth as silk and not to mention convenient. The only improvement I'd make to the hotel might be a pool but, who knows if we would even have time to enjoy it...not a deal breaker. Bottom line, I would definitely stay here again and look forward to doing so very soon.	
Aug 20 2008 	fantastic location	fantastic location at times square, superb size room with air conditioning. good view over the city.	
Aug 20 2008 	Good value	This hotel is good. Very good position at Times Square. Rooms ok, a bit drab, but beds/bathrooms are good...it's just the decor, weird colours. The bar/breakfast diner are fantastic, and all in all good value, we obtained a far better rate via the hotels own website. A must is Ellens diner nearby and avoid breakfast buffet at Hard Rock...!	
Aug 15 2008 	A gem in the heart of Times Square	Being a New Yorker I have had the chance to stay at the good and the bad in the City. The old adage you get what you pay for is true here.We stayed at a club level room for my brothers 50th birthday and found this hotel fantastic. Not only were the rooms super clean the service was above expectations. We had a few drinks in Bar10 although very low key the bar tender and wait staff were friendly and courteous. The rooms in this hotel are much bigger than others like the W in the area. You don’t feel like you are in a closet. As far as convenience you are steps away from everything the area has to offer. Literally. We saw Young Frankenstein which was several doors away. Overall this hotel is in a class of itself. We are not high rollers but felt like kings for the weekend. and can’t wait to go back next year.	
Aug 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Overall, this was a lovely hotel which I would definitely recommend if you are staying in New York.Our stay at the hotel started off quite badly as after 15 hours of traveling from England we arrived to find that our room wasn't ready as it hadn't been cleaned. The man on the desk told us he would go and find someone to clean it and would return in ten minutes. After ten minutes he informed us the room would be an hour till it was ready, at which point we were starting to get quite annoyed. However, they allowed us to have a complimentary meal at the restaurant and later in the week sent some wine and cheese up to our room as an apology for the inconvenience.Aside from this incident, the rest of the stay at the hotel was fantastic. We were lucky enough to get a room on the very top floor, the 45th, which had fantastic views of the city including the Empire State Building. The room was clean and spacious, and the hotel in general was very nicely presented.The staff were excellent, and if you do stay there I highly recommend going to speak to the concierge who were extremely helpful on a number of occasions at recommending places to go and things to do, and giving us their own local knowledge of the area.The location of the hotel was fantastic, just a short walk from Times Square.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York.	
Aug 10 2008 	Not as happy this time around	This is the second stay for our family at this Westin in the past year. We were so happy with it last year that we opted to stay here again this year. We were here for three nights and had a few problems that will make me look elsewhere for our NYC vacation next year. I am fiercly loyal to a hotel as long as I feel they are loyal and responsive to their customers. We are Starwood gold memebrs and we received NOTHING-not even a smile- for this level. The front desk staff was surly and did not look you in the eye. One day, we left our room at 8 am and returned at 3:30 to find it had not been cleaned. After at least three calls to housekeeping we talked to the manager Nick who either has not been trained properly or who does not care. He told us he would make sure it was cleaned immediately. Well it was not until at least 4:30 that the maids showed up. And we never got a call from management checking to make sure the room had been cleaned nor did we receive an apology or a nice touch such as a free drink. We stayed on the 33rd floor and in this room we heard everything going on in the room beside us. Our room had an adjoining door so that may have been the reason. We did not eat at the hotel so I can not comment on that. This hotel is in a great location for walking and there is a lot to do in the area. Would I stay here again- probably not. Not because of the amenities but due solely to the attitude of the staff. There are too many hotels in NYC that welcome business and that want to please customers.	
Aug 10 2008 	I had a so-so stay at the Westin Times Square	I took my girlfriend to the Westin Times Square for her 25th birthday. We had never been to NY before. Everything was great with the check in, our room. The robes seemed to be wore, and there was only 1 in the room. Housekeeping was quick to respond to bring us a second robe. The only complaint that I had, was at Bar 10. The food we ordered was not good. The food was under cooked and too salty. But we ate it and the next day my girlfriend &amp; I had food poisioning. It ruined our NY vacation.The hotel was nice enough to adjust the check off our bill.I would recommend the hotel, but definitely not Bar 10.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great Service and Property	We arrive late and unfortunately the hotel did not have our requested two bedded room available but the desk clerk volunteered to get the front desk manager who appologized, compensated us with a free dinner in the hotel restaurant and by the time we were through eating our request room was ready.The room was very large with two queen beds and plenty of room to move around plus large desk space, large closet, large bathroom with tub shower.The place was immaculately maintained and service always very professional and friendly...the even loaned me an umbrella one day and went out of their way with typical tourist questions.An excellent location just a block from Times Square, buses, subway, tour buses and all the conveniences and trappings of this great big beautiful ciy.Definately recommend.	
Aug 9 2008 	Never again!	We booked through Continental Guest Services from August 3-8, a continental club floor corner room. We booked a package which included several tours and 3 Broadway shows. We had to pre-pay for this package.We arrived early around 10 AM. We were told to check back around 1 PM in the event our room would be available. We went back around 1:30 PM and were told that a platinum starwood guest still occupied our room and the guest had the privilege to check our at 4 PM. I asked if we could have another room and I was told that it wouldn't be a club floor room but we'd have club floor privileges and a $100 credit. I agreed since my husband and I were dying to shower, and I was assured that the next day, Monday they'd take care of moving our luggage from our current room to the room we'd reserved and paid for in advance as long as I'd packed everything.We got back from our shopping tour Monday after 8 PM. I went to the front desk to get our keys for our new room. Guess what, the room hadn't been cleaned, and our stuff hadn't been moved. Can you imagine, unpacking, packing, and unpacking again in a span of 1 night? Not a good way to start a vacation.My husband was upset because he already felt cheated. There was no manager to face us or anybody in authority to offer us compensation for their shortcomings. I was told to return the next day. I went back Tuesday morning and was offered an additional $300 credit for our troubles.On hindsight, had it not been for the Broadway shows (Little Mermaid, Legally Blonde and Wicked) we really shouldn't have booked a package, because had we not prepaid, we'd have left the Westin the very next day. The hotel is conveniently located for watching shows, but the service, coordination, and hospitality is very poor. It just didn't make sense to me that a room would be left uncleaned, and that there was no housekeeping staff on duty at night.The experience at Westin Times Square has totally turned us off from booking with any other Starwood properties in the future!	
Aug 7 2008 	Sleek 	We stayed at the Westin from 28th June - 4th July 2008 and enjoyed every moment and will definitely book in next time we visit NY. I have stayed at the Westin in San Francisco so I knew that it was a very good quality hotel with high standards and style - exactly what we were looking for, for our trip of a lifetime to Manhattan. After letting them know that we were staying for a special occasion (my birthday) they put us on the 38th floor (room 3802) which was a corner deluxe king (we'd already upgraded to that though). The room was large (especially by NY standards), elegant and very sleek &amp; modern. The heavenly bed lived up to its name and we loved the double headed shower (next time we stay at a Westin we're going to buy one for our bathroom at home)There were a few things missing from our room (only one dressing gown for a double room for example) but they were quickly remedied by a phone call.We ate at Shula's which we really enjoyed (I'm a big steak fan). We were originally going to give it a miss as I’d read a number of unfavourable reviews here but we only had an hour before we were supposed to be downtown so we went there and I’m so glad we did. Dinner was delicious and the service was top notch.The deli diagonally across the road is highly recommended.The views were fabulous and as we had a corner room we had lots of windows so the room was light and airy. They have express lifts to the highest floors (23+) which was helpful. I visited the spa for a manicure which was fine (although my manicurist wasn't that friendly at first but I persevered and by the end of my appointment she was chatting with me). We ordered room service which was nice - a little expensive and the choice wasn't massive (it would have been nice if we'd been able to order from Shula's too). A very very minor quibble is that the room service cart was left outside in the hall for a day and a half even though we did tell them about it.The hotel has a great location just off Times Sq, friendly staff, clean rooms, coffee and all the usual mod cons. We had a wonderful time and the Westin added to the whole experience.	
Aug 3 2008 	Fantastic Birthday Surprise	My husband booked our first stay in New York as a 50th birthday surprise and the hotel delivered in almost every way. Just a couple of negatives. The receptionist said she would upgrade us but we only got what we had paid for!!! The room was excellent, the bed - well just 'heavenly' and the views from the 29th floor just amazing! My only other gripe is the huge charge for the internet and the fact that the business centre delivered a fax to our room 4 days after they received it!!! We never ate in the restaurant or drank in the bar due to the prices but there are plenty of places to eat and drink nearby so it really wasn't a problem. Perfect location too. If the hotel offer any good deals we will certainly be back here next time we visit New York!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great beds great location great views but lacking that special something!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Westin and on the whole it is a well equipped hotel in a great, central location, but it does lack that special something.My husband booked a deluxe corner room as a surprise for my 40th birthday and a couple of days before we went he emailed the hotel telling them of my 'special' birthday hoping that they might provide a birthday cake or something similar. Unfortunately, he didn't even receive a reply from them, yet alone a cake!PROS: Great location in the heart of Times Square; beds are the most comfortable that we have ever slept in; the views are stunning; the HD TV is fab.CONS: Cardboard Starbucks cups instead of china cups; only 1 white bath robe in a double room; very expensive restaurant; indifferent Reception staff.A good hotel in a good location, but don't bother if you want to celebrate a special occasion!	
Jul 29 2008 	Pretty alright	Stayed here in May for a few nights, after a business trip spent in the Sofitel. The Westin is quite touristy, but I thought it was pretty good for the money- only $320 per night for a deluxe room. A bargain for New York. Check in took a while- big queue in the lobby, but staff were friendly. Had a room on the 40th floor with a very decent view. Would recommend that people try to book a room on a high floor- even on the 40th, you could hear a little noise from the street, which was fine, but I suspect rooms on lower floors might be a bit noisy. The bedrooms feel a bit clinical- no warm wood tones here. Lots of white and grey surfaces, mixed with very dark wood. Sort of slate and stainless steel in the bathroom. Really comfortable mattress. Nice flatscreen tv. Room size wasn't massive, but definitely fine for one person. The rooms on higher floors are labelled as &quot;newly renovated.&quot; However, because it is such a busy hotel, I suspect these new rooms won't look new for very long. Some very minor signs of wear and tear. Also suspect the non-renovated rooms might not be very nice. Soundproofing in the room was alright. Not as good as the Sofitel, but miles better than the Grand Hyatt's paper-thin walls. There's a gym here, kind of small. Went to have a look around- a few machines, a bench, some free weights and mats. The hotel guide said there was a $10 charge- but I'm not sure if they actually make people pay. Instead I walked up a few blocks to W 55th Street and bought a day pass to somewhere called Club H- fantastic gym. Really clean, well equipped, loads of free weights and machines, plus a smoothie bar. Much better option if you want a decent workout- $25 but worth it if you are into the gym.Location is cheesy, but handy. Would definitely recommend the Westin for anyone going to New York for a holiday.	
Jul 26 2008 	Loved the Westin NYC	Stayed for 4 nights at the Westin NYC and it was a great stay. Excellent location, helpful staff and extremely comfortable &amp; clean bed (important after a long day of sightseeing)! Breakfast in hotel is a tad pricey but there is 'Europa Cafe', a cheaper place that you can go to right down the street.	
Jul 26 2008 	The Westin: Pricey safe pricey clean pricey... busy.	This was my 3rd time at the Westin on Time Square, of which the first 2 times were 'business' and while I appreciated the comfortable bed, I didn't really &quot;explore&quot; the Westin until I recently stayed there for a private occasion.Let's remember: It is after all NY. A lot of things in New York are overpriced. But first of all: the room. Certainly very comfortable beds, but after having spent at other places between my first two stays and this one, I have to say I was not as impressed as I had been a few years back. The Westin obviously upgraded to plasma flats screen TV's since then, so that's nice. I remember the furniture to be a little nice (I didn't have an extra ottoman in this room, but a rather ugly and not very comfortable chair w/ a stool). The bathroom was nice, even though it would be nice if the glas sliding door allows to be locked from the inside.The food in the hotel is outragiously overpriced. At least in my opinion. I spent one night at the hotel bar and consumed a ginger ale and a martini for together $22 dollars. From former experience I decided not to visit the steak house in the bottom floor of the hotel, which back then I did for breakfast and also found the pricing not relevant to the quality / amount of food served.Instead I frequent the European Cafe next door which in my opinion makes excellent salads, flat breads, breakfast foods, etc. One morning we even had them deliver, which they'll w/out extra charge, just that you have to pick it up from the front desk/security, because the Westin doesn't allow room deliveries from the outside.The Westin is conveniently connected to restaurants (a &quot;Shevy's&quot; Mexican restaurant which by the way has refreshing top shelf margaritas and food to go that is nicely packed and portioned generously, just in case you rather eat in your room), a Starbucks in the bottom floor, a movie theater, etc. Given the fact that it was a VERY hot summer weekend, the a/c cooled inside connection walk ways were quite refreshing. Location? Well, what's there to say? The Westin on Time Square says just that: the buzzing Time Square in front of it. If you are looking for the typical tourist New York experience, then its location is perfect. We could see Madam Tousseau's and Ripley's Believe it Or Not from our window, along w/ the typical view you would have from a top floor high rise in the city.Would I go back there? I am not sure. I now believe that there are comparable and/or even better hotels in that area. Plus, I don't know if I would choose such a tourist-driven area again for a visit. I think I would rather go to a little more 'authentic' in a more quiet neighborhood, possibly a B&amp;B.... The Westin - certainly not a bad choice, and if you want to be on the safe side, check in a hotel that appears to be safe, clean, central, etc. Be prepared to avoid the hotel options in regards to food unless you don't mind paying $30 for a chicken sandwich. But there are options to eat out everywhere around the Westin, not a problem!	
Jul 24 2008 	Very pleasant stay	My girlfriend and I had a 3 night stay at the Westin in New York city and have zero complaints!! If i had to be really picky, i could say they were a little slow at bringing us the terry cloth robes. We came home from a meal at the steakhouse(shula's, very good!) downstairs with some leftovers, but no place to keep them. The front desk sent up a fridge at 12:30am no problem. The staff was quite pleasant and very helpful. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Good Experience	I am a very frequent business traveller to Manhattan, but this was the first time I had stayed here. I was pleasantly surprised - the toom was fairly large, clean and the bathroom in excellent condition. Everything in the room worked. The bed was very comfortable and there was little or no noise (my room was on the 42nd floor). All in all, a minor miracle, considering where you are - one block from Times Square. And if you don't like the in-house food, there are millions of options within a mile radius.Service - I liked the &quot;one touch service&quot; - you call one number to get access to all services, rather than having to call room service, housekeeping, etc. separately. Some service gripes made me reduce my rating: my in-room dining cart and cutlery was not removed from room for an entire 24-hour period, although multiple housekeeping staff would have seen it. Secondly, as a business traveller I travel with two laptops, but I had to pay twice for Internet access, once for each computer. Central &quot;service express&quot; just told me to put my cart in the hallway and in relation to the Internet issue, said that that was &quot;just the way it was&quot;. Really superior customer service would have apologized for rhe first issue and waived the extra Internet fee.	
Jul 22 2008 	Just perfect!	After getting a fantastic rate for this hotel I was thrilled to see I got more than what I paid for. It was my son's birthday and first trip to NY and the Westin was fantastic.... They gave us a lovely room overlooking Times Square, sent a delicious cake, bottles of water and a cheese and fruit tray along with a Happy Birthday card to our room on the first night - very thoughtful and much appreciated by my son.The hotel itself is actually closer to 8th Ave (not as nice as 7th) but within a block of Times Square so no problem really. Our room was ready for check in at 3Pm and we were granted a late check out of 1PM the day we left. As always with Westin, the beds and showers were &quot;heavenly&quot; and that much is true! The room was made up very late one day but when I called to let them know it hadn't been done they came right up.All in all it was a fantastic stay and I will certainly be back again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Excellent in Every Aspect	I recently booked a weekend stay at the Westin Times Square for my wife's 30th birthday. Everything about our stay was excellent beyond all expectations. The hotel is clean, quiet, comfortable, and very spacious. Given that I booked the trip through an online hotel/airfare package site, I was a little worried that our discounted room rate would result in discounted accommodations and service. Not so! The entire staff was professional, courteous and extremely helpful. More important, our room was outstanding. It was clean, spacious and comfortable just like the rest of the hotel. The central location is great for all that midtown has to offer, with Broadway theaters, Times Square and Hell's Kitchen (excellent restaurants) all within a few blocks and convenient subway access for those areas of the city a little further away. One final accolade... When confirming our reservation I asked about having a bottle of champagne waiting in the room upon our arrival. I decided not to follow through on the purchase as I wasn't exactly sure of our schedule, but the service agent I spoke to obviously made note of my request. Shortly after checking in, a chilled bottle of champagne arrived at our room, compliments of the hotel. Now that's service! Overall, I would rank the Westin as one of the top hotels in Manhattan. It's the only place we'll stay for any future trips.	
Jul 20 2008 	Good Stay at the Westin	We stayed for three days at the Westin Times Square from July 11th - 14th. We got an excellent rate through Expedia. Check-Inwas quick and friendly. We were upgraded to a club level roomon the 10th floor. Except for the tile on the bathroom floor needing a little buffing the room was clean and quiet. You did not hear the traffic except for a rare siren.We were one long block from Times Square and had a choiceof several medium-price chain eateries as well as a couple of McDoanld's and Subway's nearby.There were two subway stations within a block that made getting around a snap.One tip for those visiting needing soda and snacks. There is a Duane Ready Drug Store at the corner of Eighth Avenue and 42nd Street open 24 hours where you can stock up, Not as cheap as a big chain grocery store but much cheaper than the mini-bar.The one negative impression I had (and the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars) is that upon checkout the bellmen almost grabthe bags out of your hand and tackle each other to get that tip.I had one hustle a tip out of me for helping get two bags through the front revolving door.	
Jul 17 2008 	Pros and Cons But Very Touristy!	I stayed at the Westin on a recent business trip. The location would be a plus for trips focused on the theaters, and may well be excellent for families sightseeing in New York, but I found the location a big drawback. The area around the hotel is packed with tourists, chain restaurants, and garish signs - a very different atmosphere than comparable mid-town hotels outside the Times Square area. I can see that having affordable restaurants that appeal to kids and teenagers would be a big plus for family trips, but the atmosphere in the surrounding area was not the New York I knew from many prior trips.  On the other hand, standard rooms here are a bit larger than at many other New York hotels, with much better views. The prevalence of rooms with good views is the hotel's biggest draw. The bathrooms are depressing, though - clearly meant to be someone's idea of &quot;modern,&quot; but instead just look like what you'd expect to find in a public train station. In what seems to be an trend these days, the door to the bathroom is glass (at least this one is rather opaque), making it almost impossible for someone to use the bathroom at night or before sunrise without the light waking a companion.  If this hotel were in a different location, I would definitely be back - the hotel is very nice (except for those regrettable bathrooms), with views that are both good and rare for New York. For families heading to New York to sightsee, though, this would be a great choice.	
Jul 17 2008 	Is this really a Westin?	We arrived tired and a little edgy after flying in from Hong Kong, via LA. I was confident we would be looked after; my Starwood Gold card would look after us, right? Wrong! We were given what is without doubt the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in, in a developed country. The room was on the 9th floor, which, as it turned out, is also a convention and meetings area, where the few rooms are clustered together at one end. The room smelled musty, the plumbing was extremely noisy, and the fit out of the room reminded me of the 1970s. The piece de resistance, though, was the view...of a plant room some 10 feet from the window! The promised city view had not materialised, though if I stood on the bed and looked up I could just see the sky. We asked for another room, but were told there wasn't one. In the morning, we were woken by the rattle of trolleys, provisioning the conference and meetings area for the day. In short, a disaster, and one which caused me to wonder what standards are applied by Starwood to ensure its properties under the Westin brand are uniformly good. I have stayed at first class Westins in Shanghai, Auckland, Melbourne, and Sydney; they bear no resemblance, other than the name, to this place. Thankfully there was a first rate steakhouse on site, and the door staff were most helpful...without that I would have demanded my money back...and I wasn't paying!	
Jul 15 2008 	Westin was Great!	After taking a redeye flight from Denver to NYC and arriving at the hotel at 7:30am, I was PRAYING that they would give us a room. Unfortunately, they did not right away. We were put on a &quot;pre-checking in list&quot; and the bell hops held our luggage. We decided to walk around Times Square and eat breakfast to kill some time. The font desk man noted that they will give us a call when a room becomes available. Fabulous!We booked 4 nights through Westins website using a code we received off of Travelzoo. Two nights were in a upgraded room (since the price we higher) and the next two nights were in a regular room (lower price), but the front desk man said we could just stay in the same room the whole time.Well 10am came around and we still haven’t heard anything from the hotel. We went into the lobby and sat down just to rest. I have to admit that the Westin has the best smelling lobby in the world! No joke. We went up to the front desk again to see if there was any updates and they did have a room for us! Up to 3606 on the 36th floor!The view was out the westside of the building. The room was very clean and modern, but a little plain. Beds were comfy, tv was great and the shower heads, to die for! Only complaint was that there was not enough room on the vanity. The location could not have been better. We were just around the corner from Duane Reeds (like Walgreens) a movie theatre was in the same building and so was Chevy's Mexican Grill. The blue subway entrances were right across 8th. Time Square was a 2 minute walk (I would suggest taking 42nd as there are more sights to see- on 43rd you have to walk by a strip club and a shady hotel) Sadly, our 5th night at the Westin had to be moved to Marriott Marquis a couple of blocks over. The Wednesday night rate at the Westin was way out of our budget.I highly recommend the Westin Times Square and I wish I was back in New York!	
Jul 14 2008 	Great rooms great locations lot of in an outs	The price was excellent value for money, the location can not be improved but the lobby felt like the hall of a train station, lots of going in and out. Lacks some warmth. Nevertheless to be recommended	
Jul 14 2008 	Disappointed for our 20th Wedding Aniversary!	Very dissappointed! We made arrangements over three months ago to celebrate in the city where we went as Honeymooners 20 years ago-I had requested an upgrade to the room if at all possible-with three months you think that I could have a better room than one that faces the side street. This was 4 nights over the July 4th weekend and it would have been lovely to at least have a room that looked out over the East river to watch the fireworks! As starwood preferred members if that was the best they could do than you might prefer to be non-preferred as you might be treated with more respect and courtesy. Some of our bath towels were frayed and had seen better days and the Hevenly Bed must have gone the other direction (to Hell) and never returned as the mattress had seen better days. The Westin In Vancouver, Canada had the best mattress and that is what led us to book at the Westin in NYC. The front desk lady was not friendly at all but the bell captain and staff were very nice and helpful. There are other hotels for the kind of money spent here that will treat you as a treasured guest and I will see them again in the future.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great hotel for first trip to NYC	This was my families first trip to NYC. We booked the hotel based on its location and reviews. We had a junior suite on the 28th floor. The room was large enough for my family of 4. The room was clean, quiet and the king bed was as good as it gets. The location was close to broadway theaters, time sq.,and the subway. The concierge booked all of our tours, shows etc. all great recomendations. The complementary breakfast was in a nice area with a friendly staff. Overall my stay was much better than what other reviewers have reported. Will definately stay at this hotel on my next trip back.	
Jul 12 2008 	Use the safe.	The hotel was everything I expected, but I want to advise everyone to use the safe provided in the room. I left a necklace and earrings on the desk when we left for the day. The cleaning service came in to clean our room, and when I went to wear the items the next day they were missing. I filled a report with the hotel, and they questioned the cleaning staff. But nothing was seen by anyone. I don't like accusing anyone of stealing, but I thoroughly checked all of my luggage. Please don't experience what I experienced, use the safe for any of your treasured or high dollar items.	
Jul 9 2008 	July 4 2008	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin Times Sqaure for 5 nights for my birthday which was the 4th of July. I honestly do not know how anyone can say anything bad about this hotel. Check in was super fast and we even received an upgrade to a corner room eventhough the hotel was 100% full. The room and view was incredible. The room was always clean and housekeeping did a great job. The heavenly bed is really heavenly!!! I have never slept in a better bed than this one, after a long day of walking New York City it was nice coming back to such comfort. The staff is very polite and always willing to help. They even sent up a bottle of wine for my birthday... I do not understand how anyone can say anything negative about this hotel... It was a great experience.. Would stay there again...	
Jul 9 2008 	Great hotel - Mediocre staff	We booked direct with the hotel and got an executive room which was spacious, with a great bathroom though the view was poor. The breakfast in the executive lounge was good, with friendly staff (sometimes) just enough for a days sightseeing. The Shula's restaurant was fantastic and the meal well worth the cost, staff were very attentive too.Be very careful with your belongings - I left my bag in the hotel bar in the early hours of the morning (when there were only a few residents left), it was tucked away in a corner not in view. The bag wasn't handed in, even though the bar closed shortly after we left and i noticed it was missing before they re-opened. The bar had been cleaned but the bag wasn't handed in. When I reported it to reception they were not particularly interested and didn't even tell me to contact security. My husband went back later as he was less than happy about losing the cash, credit cards and my camera with all our pictures on from sightseeing in New York and Nashville for four days. Reception were more helpful this time and contacted security and the Bar Manager. We were told the Manager would contact us when he arrived in and had spoken to the cleaner, he never did and we had to keep on going back to ask security, going back over the details every time which when your trying to visit a city in three days is a waste of time. Losing the debit and credit cards almost ruined our trip as we were unable to do everything we planned as we only had the cash that my husband was carrying, fortunately we'd pre-paid for the hotel room and our passports weren't in there or we would have been stuck!Great centrally located hotel with the sort of staff often found in large cities.	
Jul 6 2008 	Excellent Stay	We stayed at the Westin Times Square on a recent Friday and Saturday night (06/20-22) with a good priceline bid of $170. The hotel is very nice and in an excellent location.The day of our check-in, I called the Westin to see if we could check-in early at about noon. To my surprise, the person on the phone said he couldn't answer me, I would just have to go to the hotel and see if they have any rooms available when we arrive. I thought that was odd, but we went to the hotel anyways. We were given a king room (#1403) on the 14th floor upon checking in without any wait. The room was very clean and modern looking. Some of the highlights of the room were:Large, LCD TV,Dual shower heads,Very comfortable bed,Decent sized room.Unlike other hotels in NYC where you might have a view of a brick wall, we had a decent view looking west to the Hudson River out of large widows. The only problem we encountered during our stay was a slow drain in the shower. It was slow enough to be a little annoying but not bad enough that we requested service - I simply informed them of the problem upon check-out.Besides the quality of the hotel, the best perk was the location. The hotel is basically on top of the A/C/E 42 Street - Port Authority subway station, across the street from the bus terminal, and just a block away from Time Square and the the 1/2/3/7 lines.Overall, we had an excellent stay there and would not hesitate to go again, especially at that price.	
Jul 4 2008 	OK stay in Times Square	The Westin NY Times Square was pretty nice, but nothing to write home about. We got our rooms on a special rate under $200 per night, which is great for this area. At that rate, the hotel was well worth it, but I would never pay the normal $300-$400. On this trip we also stayed at the Westin Grand in DC and the Westin in Philadelphia. This hotel in Times Square was definitely inferior to the other two. The staff here were not very friendly. The tub in the bathroom was stopped up and the cordless phone next to the bed did not work. Housekeeping didn't clean our room the first day, either. The hotel's location is great for shows and Times Square attractions, and the Heavenly Beds are always extremely comfortable.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Location	Checked into the Westin on a Friday afternoon without too much hassle or delays, asked for ajoining rooms, got ones that were beside eachother, but no connecting door. Rooms were nice, clean, modern with an absoluely fabulous view of the river. That was an unexpected bonus. They were kind of small, but bigger than I expected after reading about NY hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful, expecially Nina at the concierge desk. The only hiccup we saw was that we booked 2 nights at 2 seperate rates........and were automatically checked out after our first night.........so keys didn't work, credit cards were charged etc. The clean up was horrific although the staff at the front desk did their best to be accomodating and helpful. Nice hotel with good service!	
Jun 29 2008 	Disappointing	We have stayed in several Westin hotels around the world especially in Asia and have always had excellent experiences with the hotel's service, room, facility and so on. We natually expect Westin on Time Square to meet the same 5-star standard. However, we were very disappointed. The lobby looked run down, decoration in the room was just plain, the bathroom was very basic (kind of like Super 8 hotel) and the housekeeping service was very slow. We had to call twice to get extra shampoo. In a nutshell, we will not recommend this hotel to any one. There are other better hotels in the same area. We paid a 5-star rate but did not get the same level of value.	
Jun 26 2008 	Excellent!	We stayed at the Westin from 21-24 June. I had booked a king deluxe city view. This was our first trip to NYC, and we were also celebrating our 10th anniversary. I mentioned that in the comments when I booked the room and when we arrived we'd been upgraded to a king deluxe corner view on the 43rd floor. It was very nice. The hotel is a block from Times Square. We could see into Times Square, but didn't have a great view of it. Our view of the rest of the city and the water was very nice. The location was close to everything we wanted to access. I had no complaints about the service. Our room was always made up when we'd returned by midday. One day they forgot to replace the coffee and another day they didn't replace the water. The heavenly bed was truly heavenly, to the detriment of our plans, as I had difficulty getting my wife up from her nap to get to our Broadway play. We may end up purchasing one at some point. The heavenly shower was nice.Altogether, a very nice experience. I found the staff to be courteous and helpful each time I dealt with them and would definitely recommend the Westin.	
Jun 24 2008 	Honeymoon in New York	Excellent hotel in the heart of New YorkVery nice modern size.Try to book a corner room in the highest possible floor.The view is amazing.	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Westin for our recent NY trip and loved the location! The room were nice and clean. The beds were great. Bathrooms were nice but with little counter space. The rooom service was great and fast. I would stay again.	
Jun 22 2008	The hotel was ok.	This hotel was not the best hotel I stayed in before.When you ordered something through the concierge it takes them like 30 minutes to bring something.For example we asked for an extra bed earlier as we came to this hotel. When we got to our room and it wasn't there so we called the concierge to bring it up.Well of course he said &quot;ok, we will bring it right now&quot; We had to wait for approximately 30 minutes for them to bring up the extra bed.The extra bed was not the only thing that came late. Our suitcases didn't come for about 20 minuted. To every hotel I ever went to, they usuallybrought up our luggages in about 5 to 10 minutes.Another trouble we had at this hotel was was the breakfast room service. The food was pretty good, and we finshed it and left in in our room. We absolutely thought they would clean it up before we came back at 2 o'clock, but when we did it was still there.We called the concierge to take away our room service that we had in the morning. Of course the concierge said, &quot;Ok, we will do it right now&quot; WE left our room and went to watch amusical ad eat dinner and came back at 9 o`clock. Guess what? THE ROOM SERVICE WAS STILL THERE.One last incident that ade me furious was when we asked for a sewing kit and called the concierge they said the exact same thing. WE waited for 30 minutes AGAIN and please try guess what they brought? A VANITY KIT. WE paid them a dollar tip for somethign we didn't ask for. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLEFor a hotel that cost 400 dollars a night I think this was an absolute waste of money. The rooms were small, no locks on the bathroom, and the guest service is HORRIBLE. They say they will do things RIGHT AWAY and they do not.I know Times Square is a really busy place and many people stay at the WEstin Times Square Hotel but I would be glad if they actually did what they SAY.I wuoldn't come back to this hotel again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Cheap Fantastic Corner Room Booked On Hotel Website	Booked via hotel website and averaged US$260 a night over 4 nights (inclusive) as they had a 3 night for price of 2 special for Thur to Sat check-ins and a US$199 a night special for Sundays.The very spacious corner room had 4 big windows with a view of the Hudson River through one window.Service was generally excellent but they stuffed up a little bit on check in - firstly, had to go way for 30 minutes as our room &quot;was not ready&quot; until check-in time of 3:00pm - this is bollocks as I am sure there was a room ready for us.; secondly, they lost track of our luggage and we were kept waiting around in our room for 50 minutes.Location was great as in Time Square area but the subway station under Times Square is quite large and required a lot of walking from 46th to 42nd Street.One of the classiest standard hotel rooms I have ever stayed in ever and we were very lucky with the price,	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved the Westin in NY!	Loved this hotel. Very central location to Times Square in NY! Great views, great hotel, great service, beautiful room. It has a great ramp from the hotel to a shopping/dining area on the other side of the street. I would definetely stay here again and again!We stayed from March 9th - March 11th, 2008. The only thing I would recommend is stay on the Times Square Path area and not stray on the streets that run along it because there are bad elements around there.	
Jun 19 2008 	Best Hotel I Ever Stayed At!!!!!!!	I stayed at the Westin on June 17th and it was the best hotel I have ever stayed at. It was deff the BIGGEST room I was ever in in NYC. I shared a room with my friend who had booked it for a very low $147.00. I was looking at the real room price and it turns out that we were in a $1500.00 a night room. The double shower head was AMAZING and I wanted to take it home with me. The beds were comfy but not as comfy as I expected them to be. The quilt(comforter) that was on it was so heavy that it gave me leg cramps while I was trying to sleep. The BIG flat screen TV was a plus as was the Ipod dock radio. Overall I would stay there again only if I could get a great deal like my friend did because quite frankly I could never afford to stay there any other way.	
Jun 18 2008 	Not up to Westin Standards	I have stayed at Westin Hotels all over the world because I love them...all but the Westin Times Square. The lobby was dingy and the furniture was worn. Our room was large by NYC standards but there was a dirt spot on one of the duvets and dust on the headboards. They did accommodate an early check-in and late departure. However, after requesting a 2:30 check-out time we found ourselves locked out of our room after returning at 2:15. Apparently the keys automatically time out at 2pm but no one bothered to tell us. The hallway had debris in it for an entire day that was not cleaned up, etc. The beds were comfy as always, but other than that I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 17 2008	Great Location ~ OK Room ~ Great Service	Hi......Booked for a weekend trip to the city. Stayed Friday - Sunday. Our flight was delayed and we arrived at 10:00 pm - the receptionist gave us drink vouchers for the bar since the club level was closed. Very nice. We booked through the website - great deal and then after we booked we received an email from the hotel w/ an offer for $50 upgraded to club level. We accepted the offer and really enjoyed the club level. Drinks, breakfast and afternoon appetizers (which were more of a meal than a snack:).......room was just ok - we didn't find the bed nearly as comfy as previous westin stays and our view on the 26th floor wasn't good either - definitely request room w/a view......Our flight on Sunday did not leave until 9:00 pm so they happily kept our luggage safely while we went to the Yankees Game and enjoyed the city. After we returned we were able to shower in the spa and change before our flight home, which was a wonderful touch since it was such a hot weekend. Staff went above and beyond to meet our every need. We realllllllllly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate for the location again - soooo close to Times Square, Broadway Shows, Subway, etc.	
Jun 17 2008 	Good choice	This is a very nice hotel. It is located in the Times Square area, and several Broadway theaters are within 1-3 blocks. There are plenty of restaurants in the area as well. The hotel itself is nicely decorated. I stayed in a corner city-view room, which offered impressive views of the city. The room was average in terms of size but above average in terms of decoration and comfort. The shower features 2 shower heads. It might not be good for the environment, but it sure felt good. The air conditioning was not able to keep up with the 100 degree weather as much as I would have liked, but the room was fairly comfortable. Overall, this is a very nice hotel in a good location. Pricewise, you'll pay for it, but this is still a good choice.	
Jun 16 2008 	Less than impressed	I’m aware that NY hotels are not all that great, but the Westin Times Square did not impress for the price. I’m not sure what everyone is raving about. The hotel is located in a VERY crowded area of Times Square surrounded by chain restaurants (McDonalds, Chevy’s, etc) and strip clubs. I counted 4 strip clubs to be exact. I recommend staying closer to Central Park. We also had numerous billing problems. Even though our room was on the Executive Club Level they kept charging us every time we used one of our club level perks that was supposed to be included. Also, our room keys did not work and the water coming out of the sink and shower had a sewer-brine smell to it. The hotel also had back to back high school prom’s the nights we were staying there and the hotel was allowing the loud music past 1:00am. Who knew there were high school proms on Sunday and Monday? Pass on this hotel. (FYI – I am a Starwood Preferred Member).	
Jun 16 2008 	2nd Stay Not As Nice As First	I stayed here for five nights in June of 2008. I had stayed at this hotel two years prior to this visit and my second trip as not as nice as my first. The staff seemed bothered every time you would ask them a question. The room was nice and I was offered my choice of view... that was nice. However, the room looked a bit worn from my last trip. It was not dirty, but it just did not have a fresh feeling to the room. The location is great if you are looking to attend the theatre. The Javits was my destination and the walk is not bad. Its a long walk, but its an easy 15 min walk. They do not offer free access to the gym to SPG members. As a loyal member, this was quite a turn off. I dont think I would return for that very reason. I think the fee was only $10 a day, but again as a loyal member one should not have to pay to go to the gym when you are paying ~$400 a night. When you travel as much as I do, a gym is critical. I ran in central park every day, so that was a nice option; but, if you do not run be warned.	
Jun 16 2008 	Weekend Stay in NYC	We arrived on Friday afternoon and had put in a request for a club level room which was unavailable. We were told that we had been upgraded to a better room but I couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. The lobby was extremely crowded. We had a leak issue in the room and reported it to the front desk. Someone from Engineering called to confirm the situation and promptly took care of it while we were out to dinner.Our room was on a higher floor and provided a spectacular view of the river. There are two entrances to the hotel (one facing 42nd and one facing 43rd) which provides easy access to the subway system and Times Square.Overall, the location was great and the accomodations were comfortable. The hotel decor is very modern and clean. Our room had a stainless steel sink and counter area along with two shower heads in the shower. The beds were the signature Westin Heavenly Bed and the room had a beautiful flat screen television.	
Jun 15 2008 	great stay in the city	This hotel worked well for a pre-christmas trip to New York. The room was fine and the location was great (used to be a pretty rough area not long ago across from port authority bus terminal). The one time we needed help from the concierge we had to wait a tremendously long time and the hotel was at very low occupancy.The room itself was a standard Westin room, which is a good thing. I'd stay here again if the price was right (this is New York and that is always a consideration) but nothing stood out as a particularly fine experience worthy of another stay.	
Jun 10 2008 	What a waste!	We booked nine rooms for my sister's wedding party in NYC, of which four weren't ready for occupancy when we arrived at 4.00pm (including the bride's room). No apology was made; in fact staff seemed bemused that we might even find this unsatisfactory. When questioned, the concierge advised us that although she was from Brooklyn, she couldn't help with restaurant reservations there: she only knew about Manhattan (although seemingly didn't know what day the Museum of Modern Art might be closed). Towels weren't replaced after the first night, and we had to repeatedly ring for replacements; neither was bottled water, which given the amount we paid can hardly be described as a luxury; decor can only be described as dowdy; and, incredibly, room to room calls were charged to the bill!! This hotel is simply too large for the staff to care about service. Don't waste your money staying here.	
Jun 9 2008 	Good for business or theater	This is good hotel if you are in town on business, or want to be really close to the various theaters. Otherwise, it is a bit generic. Pros-If you are a platinum guest you have free use of the executive lounge (free breakfast etc) and the gym.-Decent sized rooms for New York.-Easy to grab a taxi on eight avenue.-Less congested than W in Times SquareCons-Area can be a bit sketchy.-Don't often get platinum upgrades.-If you're not a platinum guest, I think you have to pay for the gym.-Room service food not great.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great Stay at the Westin	I stayed at the Westin on May 30th and I was really pleased with everything. I stayed in a junior suite on the 35th floor and we loved the room! My boyfriend and I also asked for the romance package which was a really nice plus. I checked in at 3 and it was flawless, shortly after arriving to our room we were greeted with champagne and strawberries. Anything we needed, it was there promptly and this includes a refridgerator, new sheets and towels, and room service. Very fast service and we never had to wait for anything.It was also nice to come back from dinner and find more strawberries and champagne waiting for us(which we never asked for). Overall a really great stay and would stay here again. I would also recommend that couples go for the romance package - for an extra $50 you get a 4pm checkout, free breakfast in the Shulas restaurant(which was delicious), and complimentary strawberries and champagne. Definitely worth it.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Location - Great Room	My wife and i stayed in the Westin for 3 nights at the end of May.Arrived into Newark and took the bus into the Port Authority bus terminal, this was cheap and easy to do and very very close to the Westin, so was a breeze. We arrived early and the room was not ready, but we expected this and the staff immediately offered to take our bags until 3pm when the room would be ready, we came back about 3:30 and the room was available.What a room! Booked a corner room, we were placed on the 39th floor and had amazing views of the Empire State building along one side and up and down the Hudson on the other. Room was clean and fresh and all the fittings were in perfect working order. nice flat screen TV for when we were relaxing. The only tiny problem we had was our fridge locking itself on our last day, but a quick phonecall to reception had a man at our door in under 5 minutes who fixed this promptly. Check in/out was quick and easy, the business centre offers free use of the internet for checking in for flights, which was very very useful.When asking for advice from the hotel staff they were all friendly and helpful often finding us a map and often pointing out discounts that are available.We never used the hotel restaurant, as we ate out all the time and looking at the prices i am glad we did.The location is fantastic, very close to the action of Times Square and quite central for all the shopping and sight seeing.In conclusion i would highly recommend a corner room at the Westin, we have already promised ourselves we will stay there when we go back next year (hopefully).	
Jun 1 2008	Fabulous Hotel 	I just got back from an overnight stay at this hotel and I must say it was great!!This is my first time leaving a review. I felt this hotel was worth taking the time to do so.First, the staff is super friendly and accomodating. Check In is at 3 PM, however, we arrived at 10 AM and got our room right away!!After check out on our last day, they held our luggage at the hotel while we did some more sightseeing.The rooms were spacious. The beds were super comfy and the shower was awesome!!The location is in the heart of Times Square and a block from Port Authority. I would recommend without any hesitation.	
May 31 2008 	Excellent location. Too crowded.	Pros:- Yes, the location is excellent, near the theaters and everything else in times square.- The room is clean, spacious, bed is confortable, shower is great...- We asked for a late check-out and got one more hour cost-free.Cons:- The front desk staff is always busy. We took a long time to check-in/check-out. The hotel is big and too crowded, there are always too many people checking-in/out.- We've tried to buy theater tickets with the hotel's concierge service but it was too expensive. We bought it through ticketmaster.- We ate once at the hotel's reataurant but I would rate it as a three-star food and the staff was unsympathetic.- I've received a package through the business center and it was delivered to our room, what is positive. The problem is that I was told that this would be cost-free but we were charged (but it was so cheap we did not even complaint about it).Overall it is a very good hotel, especially if you want to stay near times square. I would rate it as a regular four-star.	
May 31 2008 	Great Stay great location	We were so pleased with this hotel that we choose to stay here for extending a business trip rather than move to the W (which we had originally planned). Room was similar in style to the W but much larger. Nice views. True Westin quality in recently re-done rooms. All Westin amenities apply.The location in Times Square and proximity to the subway was great. We'll stay here again!	
May 28 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous. Stay there!	I took my girlfriend to New York for her birthday, it was the first time she has been there, she loved it but loved the hotel... we both did!I booked a Corner Deluxe Room but took the time to contact the hotel by email in advance to see if we could get a higher room with a view. They responded promptly &amp; offered us a upgrade to their Executive Club which allowed us free breakfast in their Executive dining room &amp; a room on the 42nd floor!!! I could see the Empire State Building from my bed!!!On top of that, they sent up a complimentary bottle of wine &amp; strawberrys to celebrate my girlfriends birthday. Lovely touch.The concierge also pulled a few strings &amp; got me a table at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant at the London Hotel. Very nice &amp; not as expensive as you would think.The location is brilliant, a block away from Times Square.I recommend the Steak House in the hotel, Shula's. Amazing steaks &amp; excellent service. To conclude.... Stay there, they will look after you.	
May 27 2008 	Great location fabulous service.	Just spent a six night stay at this hotel. Booked through SPG as hubby is plat and got a great upgrade to a suite. Check in was smooth and quick. Bags were already in our room when we arrived. So close to Times Square and Broadway shows.Saw Spamalot and it was just around the corner. Also walked to Rockefeller Center and to Central park. The hotel also arranged cars for us and booked us on a fabulous helicopter tour through Manhatten Helicopters. Can't say enough about the fabulous service we had. Wasn't really fond of the stainlesss steel sinks in the bathroom but that was a very minor detail. Overall our family loved the Westin. We are already planning a return trip in September!!	
May 26 2008 	Busy large scale hotel	My husband and I were there on vacation over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel is clean, safe, and good size room for NYC. If you want to spend time in Time Square and like a busy/touristy location, this is a good match. Otherwise, stay in another part of town. You will get the Time Square experience here.	
May 23 2008 	Loved it !	This hotel is located in the heart of Times Square and everything is a stone throw away be it theatres, cinemas, and night life. Amazing location and fantastic spacious rooms. Highly recommend it.	
May 20 2008 	Great Location	This hotel has a great location, right in the heart of Times Square, and across the road from the Port Authority (buses and train service). It is surrounded by dozens of eating places and the usual touristy shops. Check in was smooth and fast, as I arrived in the evening. I was given access to the Executive Lounge, which was nice (continental breakfast of boiled eggs, fruit, cereal, toast and pastries) Cocktail time cheese and crackers, antipasto platter and usually two hot hors d'oeuvres - wine is available as well.The rooms are relatively small, with superb Westin comfort beds and LCD TV. The bathrooms are small as well, but adequate. Found the amenities to be rather frugal this time around - very limited and I had to call down and ask for a shower cap, cotton balls etc. Also had to ask to have the &quot;free&quot; coffee and tea replenished as this wasn't done. The room cleanliness was so/so - bits of paper and tissue left on the carpet, and in the bathroom until we complained about that. Seems like they don't vacuum every day!Overall, this is a good hotel and we would most definitely return -	
May 20 2008 	Great Time at Westin NYC!	The Westin was great. 38th floor offered nice city and Hudson River view. Would definately stay there again. Close to times square, theatres and 42nd St Subway station. Nice hotel bar too.	
May 18 2008 	A Wonderful Lovely Stay at the Westin	Our rooms were booked using Priceline less than a week before our stay. Our 2 night Monday to Wednesday stay, May 12-14, at the Westin went well. There was no way I could pay rack rates of $500 a night so without Priceline our spur of the moment, side trip to New York from Washington D.C. would not have happened. My tired, aching feet were happy our Priceline bid landed us at the Westin-Times Square.When I called to confirm our reservation, at check in and when we checked out no mention was made of Priceline. All that was noted was that the room was prepaid. I was asked for a photo ID at check in and a credit card for incidentals. Westin staff were all cordial and helpful. I saw no children other than ours at the hotel during our stay. Every Westin staff person we ran into welcomed the kids. They were made to feel really special, complimented and treated like little princesses. I noted we were traveling with 3 young children and needed rooms next door to each other when I called to confirm. I was actually assigned adjoining rooms, exactly what we wanted. The standard Westin-Times Square (a bit confusing because Westin-New York is on hotel signs) room has 2 double beds so this worked great for us. I do remember looking out the window at some point and the view was nothing special. A view was not important as what little time we spent in the room we were asleep or getting dressed so the shades were drawn. A shame really because the room had wall to wall windows. There were both shades and black out curtains at the windows. The trademark Westin beds were as marketed, heavenly.Room size seemed normal with ample room between the beds and the walls. I liked the padded bench to sit on or to put suitcases on that was next to the dresser. We lived out of our suitcase so did not use the dresser drawers. If 4 people are in the room drawer space will be tight. The bathroom had a pocket door and an itty bitty sink but was as spacious as most hotel bathrooms with excellent water pressure. One white terry cloth robe and one bottle each of shampoo, conditioner, lotion, mouth wash with 2 small bars of soap stocked the bathroom. If I cared or was the nitpicking sort I guess I could complain that no shower cap was provided. The towels were large and 4 complete sets per room were provided. I saw one woman in the elevator carrying a cellophane wrapped toothbrush with a 1 inch tube of toothpaste so I assume extra hygiene products were available upon request. The room was clean and all rooms were non smoking. At one point during the evening I was sure I smelled cigarette smoke. I'm not sure how the nonsmoking rule is enforced. There was a large flat screen TV, a safe, iron, coffee maker, ice bucket, glasses and disposable cups, IPOD dock with radio and alarm clock in the room but no refrigerator with high priced snacks. If you can't find something look in the closet everything, even the coffee maker, was hidden behind the sliding door. We heard the occasional siren during the night but no other city noise. Once the door was closed I heard no hall noise or sounds from neighboring rooms. Walking down the hallway, I could hear the TVs from other rooms. I'm not one for decor but I think modern best describes the rooms. Not exactly my cup of tea but black, orangy gold and stainless steel were what stuck with me along with the all white heavenly beds. We arrived by train at Penn Station (about 5 minutes and $6.25 by taxi to the Westin) so I have no idea what parking was like or the cost. I found using busses or the subway to get around was not particularly easy, inexpensive or fast. If they could be found the Transit employees were not at all helpful in navigating the system so we relied on our feet. The Times Square crowds were not too bad during the day but at night the sidewalks were so crowded it was difficult to walk. On a positive note this made me feel quite safe walking with kids (holding hands in a chain) out late after taking in a couple of Broadway shows. We saw Phantom at the Majestic Theater less than a 2 minute walk from the Westin. Our Tuesday night show was at the Longacre on 49th between 8th and Broadway. Through the slooow evening crowds this was about a 15 minute walk.The Westin was a 5 to 7 minute stroll to the Marriott Marquis where the TKTS discount ticket booth is temporarily located. This was important because I had not booked any theater tickets and relied on TKTS for tickets for both nights. In fact we stopped and purchased tickets for our first night before checking into the Westin. The Westin's location made it easy to plan our sight seeing around the TKTS booths hours, allowing one adult to stand in line while the other took the kids back to the hotel to rest and for snacks. The TKTS line moved quickly. On Monday I got in line at 3:07 and had tickets at 3:48. On Tuesday we got in the play only line at 2:00 and had tickets to our show of choice in 15 minutes. I've been told this is common early in the week but one should arrive at the booth earlier later in the week and on weekends. On our last day at the Westin I asked for a late check out but it was not available. We checked out at noon and were able to leave our bags with the bellman and get in a full day of sight seeing. I was told as long as we were back to pick up our bags by midnight we would be fine. We of course got back well before midnight. The bellman got us a taxi with no waiting and we were off. The Westin was an excellent hotel at any price and a dream come true at Priceline rates.	
May 17 2008 	Wonderfull week in NY	We spent five days in NY , we stay at Westin Time square , perfect location for visiting all the city . Close to the theater , we experienced Spamelot , amusing easy also for who doesn't speek fluently . Excellent japan restaurant in front of the hotel absolutely not expensive (expecially with the exchange rate $ vs € at 1,55) I suggest to book with expedia also the city pass ( 6 tikets for museums, empire state building and circle line with a special discount)	
May 14 2008 	Brill Hotel - couldnt ask for better	We stayed at this hotel for my hubby's 30th bfday (end of April 08) - had emailed the hotel earlier and on arrival was told there were no corner rooms left but we were given 2 rooms on the 29th floor (we travelled with friends as well) and were really happy with them - the lift is mad and takes u to ur floor really quickly.On entering the room (which was roomy, very clean and had the facilities people stated earlier, huge lcd telly, ipod docking station etc) we got a lovely card welcoming us to the hotel and a cake for my hubby's bfday which i thought was a nice touch.we had nice views over the river and could see the helicopters going up and down daily and views of other large buildings in the area, nice large windows.Would defo recommend this hotel - the location is great - nice deli on the corner - europa or something its called for a quick breakfast before heading off for the sitesReally close to Times Square and walking distance to main attractions - if i returned to New York would defo stay here again - the staff were helpful and the rooms were cleaned daily and always had fresh towels. The bed is to die for and want one back home here in the UK ha ha We tried the Hotel bar and thought it was reasonably priced for a hotel.Jo	
