Nov 24 2009 	Very Noisy	3 nights and no sleep !! We were on the 2nd floor and the noise was unbelievable, with car horns blasting, police car sirens and carbage trucks all through the night. I suppose thats what you get for choosing a hotel on 5th Avenue. Perhaps being higher up it would not have been so bad. I read the reviews about the room being small but was still suprised how small they were. When you open the door it nearly touches the bed. The room was spotlessly clean and also the bathroom. No coffee or tea making facilities in the room which I hadn't realised when I booked (we love our cup of tea before bed and first thing). The front staff where friendly and polite and checked us in for our flights and printed out the boarding . The hotel is in a great position for everthing but I don't think I would stay there again. I think I would rather pay the extra and have the comforts of a wardrobe, tea/coffee facilities, fridge etc. and definetly less noise.	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent choise to be in the middle of everything: museums restaurants shops!	We have travelled to NY for a few days to have fun! We've searched hotel close to museums, close to centre, close to shops. The Hotel 373 meets it all! Nice, clean rooms (small, but we did not spent time in the room) comfy bed! We had room on 9th floor, so it was reasonably quiet. Good service. Hotel does not offer meals, however some can eat at Starbucks neighbouring (through glass wall) to reception, or in brasserie close to hotel. And thanks to late reservation we had really reasonable price. Recommend this hotel to all!	
Oct 18 2009	Great hotel and fantastic position	I've just come back from the hotel 373 on the 5th avenue. The hotel is in a great position, almost in front of the Empire State Building and few steps from Times Square and Madison Square Garden. It is also very close to Macy's and to a lot f souvenir stores. The staff is friendly and helpful. As written in other reviews,the rooms aren't too big but the bed is huge and the bathroom is comfortable and neat. You have a well working wifi connection all throughout the hotel. The rooms are clean and I could see the Empire State from my window. I would definitely recommend this hotel!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent Location	I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of August 2009. This hotel is mostly all about the excellent location! Although the rooms are very clean and modern, they are small and noisy. Luckily I brought my earplugs to enjoy a good nights rest. As stated, modern rooms with flatscreen tv, Ipod docking and free Wi-Fi. The staff was friendly, but one point of critic here. On the last day, one of the guys at the reception tried to rip me off in taking the &quot;company-cab&quot; to the airport for only 65$. While I knew, going from/to JFK from/to Manhattan is a standard cab fare of 45$. I you want to be in the center of NY and not spending a lot of time on your hotel room, this is your hotel!	
Oct 11 2009 	Clean Quiet Tasteful Bargain Price	I had a last minute business trip and I wanted to stay in midtown in NYC. I was looking at various &quot;last minute&quot; travel deals websites and a site called travelontheway.com offered me Hotel 373 for a flat $200 a night. That's a good deal. I was skeptical, but read some on-line reviews and decided to give it a try. It turned out to be a great decision. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the place was clean and well-maintained, and the room itself was very quiet, clean, nicely furnished, had a modern and upscale feel to it. Free wireless internet. Very comfortable room. Bathroom was clean and nice. My room (9th floor) had a very nice view of the Empire State Building. The room was small, but it wasn't any smaller than other NYC hotel rooms I have stayed in. There was no closet, which was a minor irritation. The hotel doesn't have amenities such as a lobby, bar, restaurant or fitness center, but everything a person could want is right out the door within a block. So, all-in-all, I think this place is a definite find.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location 	My boyfriend and I stayed here from 29th August to 5th September and had a great time, rooms was very small but as we were out of the room all day it didn't bother us! The hotel was very clean and front desk staff so friendly and helpful. Great location close to everything and had a great breakfast cafe next door! Would definitely recommend this hotel if your travelling on a budget and want something centrally located!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic little hotel!	This is great little hotel we just happened to stumble on when searching the internet for somewhere to stay in New York.Perfectly placed on Fifth Avenue (34th Street). Only 10 minutes walk to Times Square, Rockafella Centre, Macys and Empire State straight over the road!Yes the rooms are small, but what have you got to stay in your room for when there is Manhatten on your door step?? Rooms are cleaned daily and the bathroom is beautiful and clean! Couldnt ask for more!Staff were Fantastic and so helpful, sorting out a private cab for us to return to Newark airport at short notice.We would also like to drop in a reccommendation, Visit Keens Steak House between 5th &amp; 6th on 36th Street. Brilliant restaurant, bit pricey but well worth a visit!When visiting New York be aware if you use the subway, it doesnt stop at every stop like it does here in England....certainly took some getting used to and a couple of times we got off at the wrong stop! Buy a metrocard...'unlimited hopper' $8.25 and you can jump on and off all day (comes in handy when you get the wrong train!)Also visit the top attractions (Empire State and Rockafella) either first thing in the morning or last thing at night to avoid the crowds. We visited at 8.30am and there was no queue we were able to go staight up.We will definately be back to New York and we wouldnt hesitate choosing Hotel 373 again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent and resonably priced!	Rooms were on the small side but clean, neat and comfortable.The front staff was friendly and there is a starbucks right next door and a breakfast cafe on the other side.Location is perfect for sightseeing.It was a great experience and I would go back if I had it to do over again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Small safe and worthy of a repeat stay.	Here's the quick and dirty stats in order of importance in my book:-Safe for a solo female traveler - I was wary of this hotel due to the reviews I have read, but did not once feel unsafe while staying here. There is always someone posted at the front desk, door locks were secure, and the room felt solid and secure.-Great bedding!-Bathroom was all marble and mirrors (shower only)-Outside noise was not an issue, despite being located on 5th Avenue.-Front desk staff was consistently friendly and helpful.Things they could improve:-Due to the shower curtain, there was no way for water to not collect on the floor in the bathroom. Ick!-Shades and window dressings that would darken the room would've been nice. They were white and pretty, but didn't do the trick for keeping out light. :(	
Jul 9 2009 	Affordable jewel in the heart of the city.	This new boutique hotel is a very affordable option in the heart of midtown. The rooms are small but very comfy and the bathrooms are very nice and reasonably spacious. This hotel is a 5 minute walk to Times Square and about a 10-15 minute walk to St. Patrick's and all of the shopping along 5th ave. We travel to NYC for work every other month and stay at Hotel 373 whenever it is not booked full.	
Jun 15 2009 	a brilliant find!	When we first looked at this hotel, my boyfirend and I were a bit apprehensive about all the reports that stated the rooms were like a box however on arrival we were pleasently surprised.Firstly, the hotel is in a great location. It's directly opposite the empire state building and a 10/15 minute walk takes you to Times Square.On check-in the staff were efficient and very helpful with directions and any other queries that we had.We were located a room on the 3rd floor. The room was quite small but was sparkling clean. There was a good size double bed and a good size bathroom. People seeking space in a room may not want to stay there but for those who only use the room as a base to sleep at night will find it perfect!The hotel in general is tidy, clean, efficient, cozy and trendy.There was no restaurant or cafe at the hotel however there was a starbucks there and next door a bakery which sold gorgeous croissants and coffee for a reasonable price!All in all this hotel was a star bargin and when i return to New York next year I will be staying there.	
Jun 7 2009 	Excellent trendy clean budget minded hotel in great location.	Although the room is small, it was a very clean, modern room. The bedding was clean, white and fluffy with many excellent pillows. The bathroom was clean, white marble and the towels were thick. The decor was white, bright, and seemed very modern and trendy. The location is excellent as it is near Penn Station and the subway station. There is no lobby but there is a Starbucks attached to the hotel. It is in the middle of Manhattan so there were many shops and restaurants within walking distance, as well as the largest Macy's we have ever been in. We will definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.	
May 26 2009 	This is Not an Hotel - a building with tiny rooms	Read the relatively positive reviews and booked this hotel at $240 per night. There is no lobby, indifferent reception staff and truly the smallest box room I have ever seen .If you have a fear of enclosed/small spaces then avoid this place and even if you are not it is such bad value with absolutely no facilities, avoid it anyway. We felt it so bad we moved to the very comfortable Sheraton on Times square for $199.	
May 19 2009 	Very nice hotel great customer service!	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel very much! room is small but location and friendly staff compensates that! Guys from reception are great - thanks Julio Acosta :-)I will definitely return to this hotel! Best, Khatuna	
May 8 2009 	Great Location	My husband and I have just returned from 4 nights at this hotel. We booked it after reading reviews on here and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is 30 seconds walk from the Empire State building, 10 minutes from Times Square and just in a great location. The rooms are small but as long as you are prepared for this you won't be disappointed. They are clean and fresh and the bed was comfortable and the shower great. There is no wardrobe but a small amount of hanging space on the wall. The hotel is above a Starbucks open until 10pm and the cafe next door can be highly recommended for pancakes!	
May 8 2009 	cannot and will not complain!	Stayed her for 4 nights in January 2009. staff were all very friendly. room was small, but perfect for me as i was staying alone.my room may have been a bit more of a squeeze if i had been sharing.But my friends chose some other hotels and were not as lucky or happy i was! Double Bed was comfy,wall mounted tv,good shower. very clean room. lift worked witout any hassle. you could hear the city below (located 1 block from the Empire State Building,fab view of it! right infront of you!), but it never interferred on your sleep time if you needed a bit of shut-eye.You're surrounded by bars and restaurants and take-aways and shops. And of course you're right in the middle of some of the main attractions of the city. Wonderful. i'll definitely go back to 373!	
Apr 29 2009 	fantastic hotel in prime location-you couldnt ask for more	I stayed here with my boyfriend in april 2008 and was so impressed i returned with my best mate for a shopping trip the same time this year.Hotel prices had drastically reduced in the city due to the economic climate and i got an amazing deal of 636 USD incl all taxes and charges for a 4 night stay.I really cannot recommend this gem of a hotel highly enough, its simply got everything.Firstly, it is spotlessly clean,modern and very well thought out. The rooms are compact - OK they do not have a wardrobe or huge space for walking around in, but hey this is NYC! The bed is REALLY comfy,the room has a desk&amp;chair along with a flatscreen TV &amp; ipod port (excellent idea) and free internet access.The bathroom is again compact &amp; has a lovely power shower and marble tops. The hotel has no amenities as in bar/pool/restaurant but i GUARANTEE you dont need any of these things. There is a starbucks underneath the hotel-the smell of coffee is just gorgeous in the reception! There is an amazing deli next door called the oxford-we went there numerous times for breakfast/snacks/OJ etc....so fresh and reasonably priced.Secondly, the location couldnt be matched! 1 block from Macys and all the great shops in city/1 block from the empire state building, about 8-10 mins walk to times sq/broadway...beside loads of great bars and clubs and very easy to get a cab/subway to anywhere else you need to go. The area is busy and lively,without being loud,and is very safe.We walked home every night and didnt feel at all unsafe.The hotel staff were helpful and friendly also, and ready to answer any questions we had.Im already planning on returning to this wonderful hotel in this amazing city....especially if you look hard enough for good rates, you coudlnt find a nicer spot to rest your head!	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent bargain despite of narrowness.	I booked the smallest room with a double bed. We knew that the room would be small. The room was small, especially with our three suitcases! If you took something from the suitcase you had to think where you can put. My husband even fell off the small bed once. Despite of smallness I found the hotel great. We paid $119-129 (St. Patrick’s Day) excluding taxes. I found it great bargain for NYC. I know that you can get the room even cheaper for a few nights in this economical situation but we needed to stay 5 nights and 2 additional nights a week after that. We wanted to stay in the same hotel and leave a suitcase to the hotel. The location is very central. There was good 24/7 service. Both of the room were spotless and nearly identical. You can be sure about the quality of the room.Conclusion: Location, location, location… and also homogeneous good quality.	
Mar 31 2009	Perfect location small rooms	Stayed for 5 nights. Hotel is no-frills, staff is very friendly, but hotel does not offer anything except some rooms to sleep in that are in fact very small and a bit on the noisy side. But: Beds are comfortable, rooms are clean, location is unbeatable with 1min to the Empire State, 3min to Subway, and lots of restaurants in the area. If you can get a good deal, I'd especially recommend it to young people that are looking for a centrally located budget accommodation without the budget feel.	
Mar 26 2009 	empire state building area hotel	Superb location. Close enough to Central Station and times square. Take the $15 bus from the airport. Day tickets for the buses and underground are only $7 50 The bedrooms are very small but the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was fine.We ate in Central Station where there are lots of eating places.New york in March is cold so wrap up well.	
Mar 19 2009 	This hotel is vastly overrated and overpriced	The ratings touting this hotel are misguided and at best misleading. The lobby, room and hallways are shockingly small. It is challeging to even manuever in the King size room.On top of that, the &quot;staff&quot; consisted of various individuals barely in their early 20's. There is no security from the busy street and neighboring Starbucks with easy access to the elevators. The whole experience reminded me of renting a car from Enterprise, except that it cost $280 for the night. Stay somewhere else; anywhere else.	
Mar 16 2009 	Amazing hotel- will definitely be coming back!	I've just returned from a week in New York- and had an absolutely amazing time. There was nothing I could fault about this hotel: the location was perfect- really central to everything. The staff were so helpful and friendly, and even up-graded us for free! They helped us with everything we needed, and always had a cheerful attitude. We stayed on the top floor in room 903, and it was perfect- with a view of the Empire State building! I was very pleasantly surprised by the size of the room- lots of reviews say it's too small for any length of time, but we managed absolutely fine for a week here, and we've both got lots of stuff! For the price, this hotel is absolutely brilliant, and I'll definitely be staying here again!	
Feb 15 2009 	Good for a one night deluxe layover	We stayed one night for Valentine's Day. I booked this hotel because of its location and because it was a highly rated boutique hotel. We didn't want all the bells and whistles of your typical hotel e.g. iron, in-room safe. I fully expected a small but very comfortable room and that's exactly what I got. So, I wouldn't recommend this place if you have a lot of luggage or plan to spend a few days in the city or much time in the room. You don't get a coffee maker in the room but there is a Starbucks and Oxford Cafe right next door. My main disappointment with the room was that it wasn't very soundproof. Hallway conversations came right through the door and the noise of the shower from next door was also surprisingly loud. The traffic noise was also a big surprise, I thought the windows would have been better insulated for such a recently built hotel. The traffic on Saturday night was really loud but thankfully on Sunday morning it was hardly noticeable, I'd hate to think what weekday peak hour would sound like! My other disappointment was the air conditioner/heater which was too noisy to leave on at night. We didn't freeze but the windows were a bit drafty.The hotel and rooms are exceptionally clean and the bathroom was very well appointed with really nice products, the soap was awesome. The hot water and water pressure were also really good. The bed was also really comfortable. The room has limited hanging space, there are no cupboards but there is a coat rack with 3 hangers so if you need more closet space you're in trouble.Overall, I would probably stay here again for a single night considering the location of the hotel and the quality of the room for the relatively decent price.	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic little hotel	We stopped in New York for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon on route to Las Vegas. This hotel was perfectly formed ,every thing was neat, tidy and really clean and the staff were lovely. The location was amazing- right across the road from the Empire state building and easy walking distance to almost everywhere.The hotel was convieniently situated between Starbucks and a Little deli which was great for breakfast.We really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and the lovely smell of coffee in the hotel.We would definitely return- loved it!	
Jan 26 2009	fantastic little hotel	After reading several reviews about this small hotel located 20 metres from the empire state building we decided to give it a chance and believe me we were not wrong in choosing this hotel, yes the standard rooms are small but they are fantastic clean, and the beds are ever so comfortable, the price is really great for New York, and you have a starbucks and great little breakfast bar next door called oxford cafe , we can only say we have loved new york, the people are so polite and friendly and the staff at the hotel are really helpfull, and just one more thing the bathrooms have a shower in them which is great , believe me there are so many things to see in new york that you only need a hotel to sleep that is clean safe and friendly , well this is the one if we ever come back to New York, this will be the one we will stay at again, thank you so much for an enjoyable holiday Hotel 373.	
Jan 24 2009 	Clean and comfortable but definately a short stay hotel	The up-sides:The Hotel 373 is on 5th Avenue just a block north of the Empire State Building. It's a great central location with all the sights just a walk, bus or cheap cab ride away.The hotel was great value and my wife and I agreed had the most comfortable hotel beds we'd ever slept in, anywhere. I never sleep the first night in a hotel and I was spark out almost as soon as I hit the pillow.The room was spotless and the towels and bed changed daily - even though we'd have been happy if they hadn't been.The down-sides:The rooms are seriously TINY with a miniscule recess in the wall which serves as a wardrobe and shelves. We were there for 5 nights and it was cold so we packed sweaters etc. Most clothes have to stay in the case and there's little room for that. Coats have to go on the back of the chair which we couldn't push under the desk as that was where one suitcase went. The AC unit/heater is in the room on the wall under the window and is very noisy. Luckily being a small room we didn't need it on through the night otherwise it would have been difficult to sleep. There was also a fair amount of noise from the street and we were on the 6th floor.The hotel has no public space other than a single chair in the lobby. Breakfast has to be eaten out and there is a Starbucks attached but if it's busy you will have to stand or venture further afield.All in all a firm recommend for a lone traveller or for a couple for a night or two but after that the lack of space really does become apparent.	
Jan 19 2009 	Incredible Value!	This is an excellent hotel for travelers on a budget. Terrific location near Macy's/Herald Square, has a Starbucks right next door (it's connected via a sliding door). Polite and courteous staff. We stayed in a room with a full bed and it was quite small, but the size was not a problem. Incredible, incredible value for the price. I highly recommend.	
Jan 15 2009 	Exactly what we wanted	This hotel was exactly what we were hoping for. It reminded us a lot of a small boutique hotel we stayed in while in Paris, France. Very good quality. Yes, the lobby and rooms are small, but the quality and service was great for the price. More than great. The bed was very comfortable, and the pillows were great. The lighting was good, and the bathroom was all fully functional and very clean. (Great water pressure too). Nice small flat screen TV with digital cable. A bulky A/C unit sits in the window, but when it's below freezing outside, you'll welcome it's warm breezes blowing your way.There is only one elevator in the elevator, but this was never an issue for us. We almost got the feeling that we had the place to ourselves. Very quiet, not a lot of people coming and going. Never had to wait for the elevator for very long. Remember, we were staying here January, post New Year's... so not a lot of people around. But hey, awesome time to visit New York. Not a lot of tourists at all, and tons of sales if you're into shopping.Speaking of sales, we got our Queen bed room for about $114 a night (before taxes). For being only one block from the Empire State building, this was a great deal. Our room was #604, with a window facing south.When we checked out, the hotel gladly stowed our bags until we later needed to leave for the airport. They also offered up their laptop at the counter so we could check in to our flight and print our boarding passes. Really nice staff, and always ready to help if we needed anything.Two big pluses for this hotel is that Starbucks is directly on the right of the entry, and a really great cafe is located on the left; The Oxford Cafe. This cafe is awesome. Perfect for breakfast or lunch. They have tons of pastries, fresh breakfast buffet, a slew of panini sandwiches, a great lunch buffet, and a killer unlimited salad buffet. Tons of fresh squeezed orange juice, fresh cut fruit with yogurt and granola. This place has it all and is very reasonably priced for the area.Bottom line is if you're not worried about space in your room, and can deal with a tight floor plan, STAY IN THIS HOTEL. It's great!	
Dec 31 2008 	Perfect	The cleanest hotel i have ever been in.Sure its small, but its NYC and what more do you need besides a clean bed and bathroom.Looked out the window and there was the Empire State Bldg, great view. Everyone working was courteous. We got there around 11am and they had a room ready!Very close to everything you'd want to see.Will def stay again	
Dec 7 2008 	Not a good experience...	I would call this a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel if &quot;boutique&quot; is a code word for you don't get much except a place to sleep. This is clearly one of those buildings that may have been an office building in a former life which they chopped up into tiny rooms. The hotel has none of the basic amenities that a traveler, particularly a business traveler needs. There was no one to help me from the cab into the lobby (calling it a lobby is really an exaggeration, it is basically a desk in a closet size space). No doorman and no bell service. The young woman behind the desk saw me struggling with heavy bags to try to open the door and didn't even get up to assist me. There is no food service whatsoever here--no room service, no restaurant, not even a vending machine. I came in late at night and had to walk dark streets to find something to eat. The neighborhood wasn't the worst, but I certainly didnt feel safe having to do that. There is no gym in the building, nor do they have what most hotels in NY offer, an arrangement with a local gym. To top it off the single elevator broke during my stay and I had to walk down 6 flights with my baggage. The sink in the bathroom was badly cracked. As others have mentioned, the rooms are miniscule. I have stayed in small rooms in many countries and I think this takes the prize. There is a tiny shelf and chair space, a bed, and that's it. Since I was solo and a small person it wasn't a huge issue but it would have been a joke for two adults. The only positives I can say are the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the internet was free.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great location and worth it every dollar	I called the hotel to ask if they could hold my luggage till the check in time, a friendly receptionist told me that it wasnt a problem and she gave the possibility to check me in early if there was a room available. That is what really happened. When I arrived at 8 am, I was given a great room. They made feel really comfortable.The room was great, clean, excellent decoration, not noisy. The shower was amazing, very relaxing after long hours walking around the city.The location is great, opposite the Empire State building, doors from internet cafe, sturbucks, a restaurant with healthy food, I mean anything fried. To keep it short, stay here, you won't complain!!!.	
Nov 16 2008 	Fantastic Place to Stay in New York	We travelled to New York for a week (primarily to see ACDC), but also to pick up all the sights. We had read many hotel reviews prior to booking and most in our price bracket (200 dollars/ night) talked about small rooms and some having cock-roaches!The room is small (in a cosy way), but space is a premium in the city and you need to pay alot more cash if you want somewhere more spacious. However, if you're planning to stay in the hotel most of the time to get the benefit of the bigger room - I would recommend not going to New York in the first place!!The hotel staff were very helpful and we had the towels changed everyday. Some other reviewers have mentioned noise from the hallways and maid service - but in our experience we had not issue with noise inside the hotel (the worst noise was from the taxi's honking each other at all times of the day - but the Hotel can't really be blamed for this!)Both the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean.The Hotel is 5 mins from Macy's, 10 mins from Times Square, 10 mins from Maddison Square Garden, 5 mins from the subway station, opposite the Empire State Building, 10 mins from the Chrysler Building.......need I go on - excellent location.Although it's never going to be a family venue it is excellent for two people wanting a central base to explore New York for a few days (we were there for 1 week).	
Nov 3 2008 	convienent local	The hotel room was small, but clean. The staff was more than accomodating.Great view of the Empire State Building. If you get the right floor and room.Close to many venues.We are from Canada. The hotel price was originally $199. a night plus the hotel taxes.The Canadian dollar at the time was a little less than par. For the 2 nights, we were charged $560. Personally, found the exchange more than over the top.Just wanted to give Canadian's the option to look into what the end cost will be.For us it was $100 more than we were expecting to pay.I found booking on-line is very hard to actually find out the end cost.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fantastic Hotel...loved it!!	Stayed here on a Friday and Saturday night in October. The hotel is small but it is really clean and in a PERFECT location. 10 minutes walk from Times Square. The room is small but has everything you want, lovely bed, tv, ipod dock and a clean bathroom. The staff in the hotel coudn't be nicer. They were all really helpful. We were able to leave our bags in the hotel after we checked out which was great. This hotel is a great find and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 28 2008 	Very nice hotel for the price	I just got back from a Saturday night stay at Hotel 373. I read most of the other reviews on this site before booking and decided to give it a shot. We got a can't-beat-it price on the room ($170 including tax) so I figured, what was the worst that could happen?I was thrilled with the hotel. The rooms were more than adequate in size. It was me and a friend (both in our late 20's). Of course, we had our usual larger-than-need-be-for-one-night bags with us, along with two hair dryers and slew of clothes and we were fine. The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The bathroom was spotless, and the shower was great. Hallways are pretty tight and the elevator a bit slow, but there are steps just past the elevator on the left side that take you right up to your room. We mostly used the steps. Can't beat the location, that's for sure. We could either jump in a cab or hit the subway line at Herald Square. We were not affected by noise in the area, even on Saturday night. We did have the air conditioner on, so I could suggest to turn on just the fan on that maybe if you are sensitive to horns and car traffic.Other than that, my friend and I agreed that we could definitely make this our &quot;regular&quot; hotel in the city.Thanks Hotel 373!!!!!!!	
Oct 19 2008 	Stretched out my arms and broke a finger!	My title is kind of a joke but as I am actually sitting in my room as I am writing this: Hotel 373 has taken the &quot;boutique hotel concept&quot; that usually includes a tiny room to it's obviously ridiculous conclusion. This tiny hotel diagonally across the street from the Empire State building has a lot to offer...but space is NOT one of them. If you have claustrophobia, if you expect to be able to hang up your clothes in a closet (there is none) if you would like to be able to walk across the floor without climbing over your luggage...DO NOT STAY HERE! If, however, you can deal with the closet like room (with a sliding door into a nice marble shower/bathroom...here is what you will find:-a small hotel in a great location, sharing the lobby with a Starbucks.-an extremely friendly and helpful staff who did everything they could to make my stay pleasent (including battleing incredibly loud banging and clanking in the bathroom walls).-a pet friendly hotel that is just that. Very happy and pleased to have your small pet....although there is a $100 pet charge for each stay that was not mentioned when I made my reservation over the phone and specifically told them I was bringing my dog. Parking is also a problem. Although the hotel has made an arrangement with a Myers Garage about 1/2 block from the hotel for a $32 daily charge (low by New York City's typically ridiculous rates) they do not have what is known as an &quot;in and out&quot; policy. This means that if you put your car in the garage then run to the hotel to register....you will wind up with a $20 charge for that time only including the $32 you will pay the next morning. A BIG probelm that the hotel needs to straighten out. So it is up to you. I have a reservation here in January during the Gift Show that I plan to cancel as soon as I get home. The rooms are just too small. But it may be right for you....and if it is....have a latte at Starbucks and a great stay!	
Oct 6 2008 	Smallest room ever	We spent 5 days in New York city last September and stayed at the 373 hotel after seen it was rated with 4 points in Trip Advisor and ranked 70 over 400. But we were totally disappointed, the room was so tiny that we have to jump over the bed to get to the other side. There were no space even to open the luggage, nor wardrobe, and small table without chair.The bed was very small, we almost could fit in, and our feet went over the edge, even though I am not a very tall person.The price was very high as were our expectations, but we were totally disappointed.We will never come back, and never recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good Hotel but go if....	I stayed her for a few nights just recently and I was very glad to come home. On first impresssion it is a good BOUTIQUE hotel. The front desk is courteous and helpful. It is a good location for shopping and walking around. The hotel is clean and the bed is comfy. If you like that then go ahead and stay but the hotel is so very small. The front desk is the size of a small apartment lobby so when crowded (checking in or out) it is tight. Especially with any large luggage. The room is very small. There are no closets. The bathroom is small. No room for two people at a time. They are not generous with towels. There is a stall no tub. You have to request an iron, a blowdryer or ice bucket (or ice for that matter). The restaurants on the menus they give are not very good. I can deal with that to a degree but the worst drawback, that I can say would never have me go back, is that I dont know how any guest slept. You can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the hallways. Every guest or staff that talks/ walks in the hallway. Every door that closes. Everytime the elevator door comes up on your floor ( and I wasnt near the elevator). Housekeeping starts at 830 ish in the morning and they are loud as they knock on doors and say housekeeping! and the vaccum they use is NOISY. My room faced the street and the windows have no curtains. So as much as the blinds closed the light would come seeping in especially at night. Needless to say i slept very poorly. So if you dont mind small, not sleeping and hearing everyone's business in the hallways and people hearing you in the hallway then stay at his hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic	Where do i start?? The fabulous location right on 5th Avenue? The lovely friendly reception staff? On Site Starbucks? Or the spotless bedrooms most with a view of the Empire State Building? Everything about this hotel is a positive. After reading the reviews about the teeny tiny rooms we expected to be living in a shoebox for 4 nights but were pleasantly surprised. Granted the rooms are on the small side but perfectly adequate and the bathroom was lovely. Anyway who goes to New York to sit in a huge room ............ we were hardly in ours there was too much outside calling us!!! Overall a fantastic stay.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good but....some problems.	Me and my wife stayed in Hotel 373 for 5 nights. The hotel is good and rooms are ok. Small but cosy. Everything is clean inluding the bathrooms. We just had a problem: no hot water for the last two days....	
Sep 6 2008 	Loved it	We stayed in 373 hotel while on a short trip to NY. The hotels in Manhattan are very expensive so we spent a bit of time looking for right one. This property was pretty good value for money, had great location (we could see the Empire state building out of our window) and the rooms were very clean and modern with great bed and nice shower. As always in NY the room was very small with not much space around the bed and no closet.Overall this property is great for short trips to the city, it is close to all major attractions so you will be able to see them all and at the same time it is nice to come back to the room and spend some time there as well.	
Aug 27 2008 	Loved Hotel 373	We checked into boutique Hotel 373 after a disastrous New York hotel in experience with the Manhatten Broadway (Dont stay here!). They are in a prime location on 5th avenue and 36th street. Right across the road is the Empire state building and Walgreens which is really convenient. Lots of great little boutique shops near and around, star bucks is right next door. About 200m down there's a nice place for fresh pasta, cooked in front of you! Saks and other high end stores are straight up 5th(10 min walk) About a block away, towards time's square is Macy's where there is some excellent shopping! (Tip- Macy's gives Intl Travellers a further 11% off everything (inc sale items) in store just show ID at guest services) Time's Square is a 5 minute (if that) walk. Very, very good locationRoom was VERY clean, modern, small but comfortable. Had IPOD docking station, flat screen LCD tv. Bathroom was nice and provided great amenities. Extremely comfortable bed, but it was kind of small, my partners feet hung off the bed, but he's a tall guy at 6&quot;2'. Hotel has interenet, but it's the receptionists laptop, so you can feel a little intrusive, standing at reception checking your emails. Definately recommend this hotel. We stayed there from July 9-15 at a approx $250 Inc tax a night.	
Aug 20 2008 	good position well cleaned	I was a bit worried to sleep in a hotel in NY Manhattan because of a previous orrible experience but this hotel is very good. Cleaned room and bathroom. Soft linen. It is on the 5th ave in front of the Empire State building so it is abit noisy but it is your choice to stay there. The room are very very small (no wardrobe and no frigo bar) but if you stay in NY you don't want to stay in hotel. I defenitely already suggest this hotel to some friends.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great little hotel in a perfect location.	Hotel was in a really great location. Beds were amazing after being on our feet all day and the staff was most helpful when we encountered problems with our Priceline reservation. Though the rooms are small as others have mentioned, the air conditioners were most effective in the hot humid air we encountered on our trip. We couldn't wait to get back to the rooms and refresh and cool off. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Jul 14 2008 	smallcleanwell located	the location is great for times square, empire state and central NYC.negatives- no breakfast but starbucks RIGHT next door also a good deli 1o seconds away.small bed- i am 5ft 10 but if you are taller / big build the bed will be too small! Room pretty small.no table in room or closetPositivesgood valuegreat locationhelpful staff-helpful, polite, knowlegeable.clean neat room, lots of tv channels, flatscreen tv, ideal for a 2/3 night stay in the city.	
Jul 11 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the 373 Hotel in May, it was a fantastic hotel for a 5 day visit. Great location to just get out there and walk to where ever you wanted to go. The staff on the reception were particularly helpful, especially Olga, nothing was a trouble for her.The rooms were fairly small, but they were very clean and had everything you needed, the Starbucks was great for a quick coffee in the morning to get you kick started.we had a great time and 373 Hotel will definitely be our first choice when we go to New York again.If you get chance when you are out there have a trip with the Gabby Cabby you will definitely see all of New York and it will make your holiday.	
Jun 28 2008 	Fantastic hotel! Get booking!	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the hotel. Everything that has been written previously is true! The location is fantastic. we booked a queen room and, yes the rooms are small, but as you spend so little time in there, it isn't a problem. The beds are extremely comfortable, which is heaven after walking around all day! The shower is nice and powerful to wake you up, after dragging yourself out of the comfy beds! We stayed in room 601 and had a view of the Empire State Building. I didn't find the lifts slow, and on the one occasion we had to wait for the lift, we chatted to the friendly staff, who even brought up the weather on the internet to see why the predicted thunder storm hadn't arived? When we return to New York, we will definately be booking Hotel 373 again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Perfect for short NYC trips!	We visited NYC for 3 days to visit the art fairs. 373 was centrally located and easy to find on maps (thanks Empire State Building). The room, while small by other areas standards, is large for NYC standards for the price! Less then $200 a night and you get a big, comfy bed and a private, well-cleaned bath. Plenty of hot water and good water pressure too. We had no view but didn't care. Once we walked around the art fairs all day, nothing was better then falling into the big bed to rest our feet and watch some mindless cable tv. This is not a place for someone who brings all they own when they travel. There is no dresser for your clothes and one smallish open closet area. Pack light. Pack smart. The hotel is quiet and is located near some good restaurants. For a quick bite, it's beside a nice diner/breakfast place ($10 gets you fresh yogurt with fresh fruit and granola, tea or coffee, more fresh fruit, toast and juice) and above a Starbuck's. But NYC has great restaurants so find them, map 'em and have fun! (Try &quot;Home&quot; in the village.) I would stay here again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great things in small packages!	Yes everyone says the rooms are small and they are smaller than the average (we had a king room - you could just about walk around the bed) but size is not everything? The location could not be better, the staff are fabulous and the whole experience was a treat. Will certainly stay at 373 again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great little hotel	We have stayed at Hotel 373 on 5th Avenue for 6 nights last week, so stayed long enough to get a good idea of the hotel. The ‘lobby’ is very small but always staffed and always very helpful, supplying maps etc. People have mentioned the lifts they are not the quickest but I have been in worse and it is a good size!!! Besides they have stairs as well.We were on the 4th floor in a contemporary queen, we went for the bigger room as we would be there for a few days. The room was a good size we had packed light partly with the thought that the rooms were small and also to leave us lots of space to bring shopping back with us J there was a small chest of draws, hanging space for a couple of jackets and some shelves easily enough for 2 of us for 6 days!!!The bed was a good size and comfortable (queen size), good size LCD TV with 1000 channels… and there was a small table and chair as well and enough space still to walk around the room. The bathroom was great with a huge shower and lots of hot water. You also have also have free wireless broadband and an I pod docking station as well if you need to use it.I would be wary of staying a room much lower that the 4th floor as we still had some traffic noise ( there are 9 floors) but not enough to keep us awake and our a/c unit was quiet – and it ran all night as when we there it was never much below 75 F.As everyone has said there is a Starbucks next door which opens at 5.30am every morning and you do not even have to walk outside to get to it just go through the sliding door and the other upside is the lift smells of freshly brewed coffee! And on the other side you have got a good café for breakfast (though there are lots of other coffee shops/cafes for breakfast very close by). When you walk out of the hotel and look left you have got the empire state building above you, which is fantastic sight first thing in the morning. Access to the rest of Manhattan is good as well you have 2 metro stations 5 minutes walk away, lots of taxis as you are on 5th, and Maceys is next to one of the metro stations.When we go back to NY I am sure this will be top of our list, as we had a great deal for NY, with excellent service.	
Jun 6 2008 	Beautiful great location!	My husband and I stayed in NYC for 5 days. After looking all over the internet, I found this cute boutique hotel. The check-in was a bliss. The reviews were right: the rooms are quite small. However, they were super-clean and the decoration was really nice. Just what we needed: a neat room; an amazing location just a block away from a subway station; near EVERYTHING; Starbucks right in the lobby......just perfect!!! The service and the hotel staff is awesome. They're really commited to custumer service, specially Julio and Olga who made our stay something special. We can wait to go back!	
Jun 6 2008 	fab hotel - fab location	just come back from a wonderful stay at Hotel 373. Me and my other half stayed in a king superior room. What's all the fuss about the rooms being small? Yes it was dominated by a huge bed but what more do you need? The bathroom was a good size with a huge shower. We had more than enough hanging space for our clothes. Staff were very friendly and helpful. They booked our city car back to JFK for us. Only let down was lack of space in the hotel safe for passports etc but no biggy. Fab location. Would definately stay again and recommend to friends.	
May 30 2008 	Cute Boutique Hotel	This was a pretty decent hotel a few minutes walk to the Empire State Building. The tiny hotel lobby is joined with a Starbucks which is usually packed with locals. We booked a standard queen room and it was the smallest I've seen. The room was filled with the bed and thats basically all that fit in it. Flat TV was mounted on the wall (for lack of room) and the bathroom was equally as small. Furnishings were very nice with the rooms looking freshly remodeled from top to bottom, quite clean.	
May 27 2008 	Perfect Location 	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and was more than happy with the room and service provided.Yes, the room was small but it was comfortable - the cosiest bed I think I've slept in ever! Nicely decorated in a modern style. The iPod player was a nice feature too.The location couldn't be any better - a block away from the Empire State Building, Macy's and the subway station. The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful, e.g. helping to book a car back to the airport. Although no actual room service, there is a take-away menu of of a few restaurants that can deliver food to your hotel room. If you don't fancy this, there are loads of food places in the area to chooses from and the on-site starbucks is an added bonus.I would definately stay here again.	
May 6 2008 	New Trendy and Convenient	My girlfriend and I went to NY on July 2007. After doing a lot of research on expedia and tripadvisor, we decide to book this hotel from expedia. We booked this a few months before departure and got a good rate for about $150 US per night. We notice that a lot of the hotels in New York City are very old. We want to find some place where it is clean, convenient and with free wireless internet. We are aware the size of the room will be small (220 sq ft), but since there are only 2 of us and we spend most of the time outside, room size is not a matter for us.From JFK, taxi is about $32 w/tips to Hotel 373. We arrived at about 11am (before check-in time) and get a room immediately. This is a standard one double bedroom. It is smaller compare to the average North American style hotel. But this is New York City, what can you expect? For those with bigger body build, might consider paying a bit more for Queen Bed. The room is clean and trendy. Mattress is comfortable. Hotel staff is nice and helpful. The hotel is just one block from Empire State Building and close to subway station. There is a street with a lot Korean restaurant one block away.	
May 4 2008 	Tiny Tiny Tiny	We stayed here 3 nights and while yes, you really can't argue that the Hotel 373 is one of the most economical hotels in Manhattan, it won't be too difficult to get something much better in NYC. I read the reviews below and did somewhat comprehend that the hotel room was small. The last time I was in NYC last Fall, I stayed at a hotel just north of the Hotel 373 on Park and paid about the same hotel rate. My room at Hotel 373 was probably 20 to 30 square feet smaller than that hotel room. You must understand that Hotel 373 used to be an office building and just imagine how TINY offices are anyways and cut that size in half due to location in NYC and THAT'S what you've got with a room in Hotel 373.	
Apr 20 2008 	great place to stay	My daughter and I stayed here during our first trip to New York . It was a great location, spotlessly clean, and the staff were very helpful. The rooms are small but adequate. The beds were very comfortable. Our room had views of the Empire State Building from both the bedroom and bathroom...what more could you ask? Loads of places to eat in the area, and if you are vegetarian there is a great Korean vegan restaurant a few blocks down on E32nd st called Hangawi, which serves fantastic food in great surroundings.Only slight downside, and no fault of the hotel at all was that it is quite noisy....but it is New York. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
Apr 17 2008	great place great hotel	Hotel staff were friendly &amp; helpful. The location was fantastic, close to all major attractions.the accomodation was clean &amp; new yes the air con was noisey, but just turn it off at night. What we got was what we expected after reading reviews, there was enough room to hang clothes &amp; you don't spend that much time in the room anyone. there is a starbucks underneath that opened at 6am which is great. We had friends staying in 2 other major hotels in NY &amp; both had similar size rooms but far more expensive. Overall had great time, NY is a great place &amp; would recommend the hotel &amp; definately would stay again if went back.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good Location Tiny Room	Hotel 373 is located right next to Empire State Building--you can see it out of the window. The room was the size of a walk-in closet, I had never stayed in anything that small. For the price ($370 mid-week) it felt like a rip-off, even by NYC standards. The building is old and even though it's been renovated, there is no central AC with big noisy AC box buit into the window. The room didn't have much light, the bathroom door wouldn't shut completely. As for the positives, the location is great, the room was clean and the bathroom was relatively nice. It was fine for overnight stay.	
Apr 9 2008 	Perfect	OK in the words of Phil and Kirsty....&quot;Location, Location, Location&quot;If you get lost then look up find the Empire State Building and you know where your hotel is! This small hotel is just 1 block from the Empire State Building, right on Fifth Avenue. corner of East 35th Street.Tiny little reception but with probably the friendliest, smartest, knowledgeable staff you will find. On day of departure they will look after your luggage as well, until you are ready to depart. You can also book airport taxi's from here.Lift takes you up to your room level (9 floors). Reception has a sliding glass door attached to Starbucks. There are no public areas so you hardly ever bump into fellow guests apart from occasionally in the lift.Rooms are small but fully equipped with really comfortable beds and high quality linen and down quilts. Linen is changed daily if you require, if you wish to be Eco friendly though they will change when you say by just leaving a card on your pillow.Flat screen TV with 100's of channels to choose from. An iPod dock is by the bed for use. Desk and chair also in room. Bathroom has a superb walk in shower with high quality towels (bath, hand and face) Toiletries also provided. Toilet had a soft touch, self closing seat and lid! Air Conditioning unit in room which will be noisy if used but can be timed as required, if at all. Window opened out onto Fifth Avenue and I could see the Empire State Building from here (you need to look up though of course!) There are drawers to put your clothing in but no hanging space, apart from 3 coat hangers and a wall rack. This was no problem though you get used to it. All in all I had no faults with the hotel and would definately use again. Food and drink outlets everywhere in New York so you are never more than 2 minutes from one.	
Mar 30 2008 	Had a great stay at Hotel 373	We stayed in a Contemporary Queen room which wasn't huge but was spotlessly clean and was everything we needed.The location is excellent - right on 5th Avenue a block from the Empire State building.There's no restaurant in the hotel but there's plenty of places to eat nearby anyway and there is a Starbucks in the lobby.Overall we had a great stay and would definitely recommend it.	
Mar 29 2008	No BMI above 30	Nice staff.OK location- but right on 5th Avenue means lots of traffic noise.Only one significant gripe: Small, small, small....How small?Don't plan on wearing a bulky coat- you won't fit in the room.	
Mar 28 2008 	A very pleasant stay at hotel 373	We just stayed 7 nights at hotel 373 and had a very pleasant experience. We stayed in a Petite double room and found that it was bigger than we expected after reading the reviews. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was great. All very clean and modern. We had requested a room away from the elevator (after reading the reviews) and the room was not too noisy at all. There is no safe in the room but there is one in the basement so we could leave our passports and credit cards etc... for free. Also on the day we left as our plane was late in the evening they kept our luggage for us for free and we even got a receipt for each bag we left. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful.I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	Just returned from a weeks stay here. What a fantastic location!From our room window (room 606) we could see the Empire State building (one block away) which was illuminated in different colours for different occasions. It was a patriotic red white and blue when we arrived on the 16/03/08. Green for St. Patrick's day the following day and yellow red and green for easter. All the major attractions were within walking distance, Times Square, Grand Central Station, Madison Square Garden,the Twin Towers site, Central Park, Macy's, Bloomingdales etc. etc.The room was quite compact but had all the facilities we required. Comfortable double bed, heating/cooling unit(which we didn't use much as the room was quite warm anyway) , ensuite shower room with basin and toilet.Hairdryer, flat panel TV with hundreds of channels, two drawer chest, suitcase stand, hanging pegs but no wardrobe, desk with phone, lamp and ethernet connection point for laptop computer.The staff were very friendly and willing to help.On the negative side there weren't any dining or drinking facilities in the hotel itself but due to the location, bars, delis/cafes were very close by. On the ground floor Starbucks could be accessed directly from reception.Traffic noise might wake you fairly early. New Yorkers seem to drive with one hand on the wheel and the other on the horn!Signs warning of monetary penalties for honking don't seem to deter them.No room safe meant carrying passports, travel documents etc. around with us.	
Mar 25 2008 	Best hotel I have stayed in.	I loved this hotel, my husband and I were slightly worried that the rooms would be cramped as we were staying for 7 nights (we had the petite double) but it turned out that I have stayed in smaller rooms!The rooms were very clean and tastefully decorated, the wifi is very handy and the view from our room was spectacular. Oh and the beds were the most comfortable I have slept in.The staff were falling over themselves to be helpful and make sure our stay was comfortable. The lack of 'facilities' such as a mini bar, hotel restaurant etc didn't bother me at all as I like to explore the local nightlife when I visit a city, and there is plenty to explore in mid town manhattan, however to make the stay completely perfect a small kettle would be nice.	
Mar 21 2008	Totally awesome	Having not long returned from this trip &amp; stay at the hotel 373 on 5th &amp; 35th - I &amp; my daughter can say how superb this was. We were there for 4 nights in a Queen size room, the bed was so comfortable, size of room was more than adequate.Plump pillows &amp; an ideal bathroom. All was exceptionally clean, the staff were wonderful &amp; helpful. Starbucks &amp; the eatery nxt door were ideal.Location perfect, Empire State just across the road, Macy's 1 block what more could you ask for ? We took the blue city tour bus passes, which were hop on &amp; hop off which was parked just around the corner - fantastic, the guides on board knew their stuff &amp; far more ! All in all 10 out of 10	
Mar 17 2008 	Great experience at a clean and convenient hotel	I chose Hotel 373 based on the other reviews here, and I wasn't disappointed. We stayed 6 nights in a kingsize room (room 403) and had a great stay.The room wasn't huge, but it didn't feel too cramped and there was enough space to move around without tripping over our cases. There was a cubby hole next to the door with hanging space and a couple of shelves and a small drawer unit near the window. As I don't mind living out of my case, and my husband just needed to hang a couple of shirts up, this was ample.Everything was very clean and in good working order. The shower was fine and there was a large mirror in the bathroom and a full-length one in the room.As you'd expect in such a central location, there was a bit of traffic noise, but it didn't stop me getting a good night's sleep in the comfy bed, and I'm normally a terrible sleeper. I was quite glad that the weather was cold, though, as it meant we didn't have to use the air conditioner which was pretty noisy.Staff were friendly and helpful and we had no problems at check-in or check-out.A couple of minor niggles - the hotel's website still advertises that they provide Aveda bathroom products, but they plainly don't. Also, there were no bathrobes in our room - although perhaps we could have requested them if we'd been particularly bothered. It seems like they are cutting back on the frills. Not a big issue, but it does make the places seem a little less 'boutique' and more 'budget'.Still, it's very reasonably priced for the location, and we'd definitely go back.	
Mar 1 2008 	Best Location ever!!!!	The location of this hotel was perfect! Rooms were very small, but they all seem to be like that in New York. Very clean and maid service / towels changed everyday. Hotel staff were so helpful and we changed rooms when we first arrived as the lift bell is very loud if you get the room outside it. Great being next to Starbucks as they are open early for morning tea :-)Would stay here again.......	
Mar 1 2008 	Loved 373	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel 373 and it was excellent. We booked direct with the hotel and only paid 520 for 5 nights. This was to an upgraded queen room as well! We had read reviews that the rooms were small, however we found it perfectly adequate as in a city like NY you dont spend much time in your room! There are no wardropes however there was hanging space and shelves so plenty of room for clothes and our cases fitted perfectly under the AC unit!The hotel staff were excellent, so friendly and very helpful, they organised our car back to the airport and we were delighted to get a town car that only cost about 15 dollars more than a yellow cab.Hotel location is ace, just opposite the empire states building, do it at night! and also has a starbucks downstairs and a great little cafe for a quick breakfast next door.We would definately recommend this hotel and I will definately be back!!One word of advice, do not use NYLimoCoach.com for limo hire as they are terrible. There customer service skills are terrible and in an email we had sent complaining they told us to [--] off. They are a disgusting company and should be avoided at all costs.	
Feb 26 2008 	Perfect place for a mini break	Lovely hotel. Modern, clean and welcoming. Staff were really friendly and helpful. There aren't any wardrobes but there are a couple of large drawers and three hangers on the wall. The rooms are very small but we didn't find this a problem at all. The Starbucks connected to the reception is very handy too. Location wise you are near Macy's and the Empire State Building. The subway at 34th st will take you most places.So if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a great location this will be perfect for you.	
Feb 6 2008	Great location	This hotel has an excellent location, and is very modern. Although my room was small, it was very clean and cosy. The staff were helpful and friendly. Only stayed for one night at the end of a business trip, so this was ideal. If I had been with my husband or on a longer trip, I think I would have preferred a slightly bigger room. However, it was the cheapest hotel I could find in a perfect location.	
Jan 31 2008 	nice hotel	I was in january , and is a very nice hotel, clean and comfortable room.employees are gentile and collaborator.room is a little small.great location	
Jan 8 2008 	MIxed	Ok pros:Great location and a cosy ( but very small ) clean room.Now cons:The hotel manger claimed we had only booked 2 nights and not 3 so he was going to have to charge us for anouther night because it was 12.05pm and we hadnt checked out. After showing him the reservation sheet we had he admitted his mistake and told us there would be no extra charge put on our card and left us to it. When we got back to england i opened my bank statement to find he had indeed charged my credit card anyway.It took 6 weeks and alot of phone calls from myself and the travel agent till i got my money back.	
Jan 7 2008	Be prepared for very little space...	The hotel is extremely convinient to shopping on 34th St, the Empire State building, and the subway system. Having Starbucks in the lobby is awesome too! The only drawback I found was the rooms are tiny! I travel once a month to NY for business and haved stayed in various value-prices hotels, and this one has by far the smallest rooms and does not have any closets. If you trip is two days or less, that is probably not a big deal, but I did not like stuffing all my work clothes onto the 3 hooks on the wall. Only two rooms in the hotel have closets. Overall, very clean and good location.	
Dec 17 2007	Simply Perfect	What more can I say, ideal location being on 5th Ave and only one block from Empire State Building. We stayed for one week and had a fab time. Great staff very helpful and sorted airport taxi's on Friday rushhour. The rooms were clean and fresh, and have to say reading everybody's reviews much larger room than expected (Queen). Remeber your ipods as good sound system in room.Staff willing to store luggage at checkout time and hold until ready to return to the airport.Starbucks, was only a glass door apart from the lift/ lobby but preferred using the Oxford Cafe next door (cheaper). Sub way two blocks away and metro card only $7.00 per day. Will use time after time and recommend to everyone when stopping in NY.	
Dec 11 2007 	I'm in LOVE with Hotel 373!!!	I simply can't say enough about Hotel 373 - it was PERFECT for my recent 2-night trip to Manhattan! The room was lovely and spotless, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, it's located right smack dab in the middle of the city and my room overlooked 5th Avenue and the Empire State Building - what more could you want?! And who needs room service when there's a Starbucks in the lobby? I took a pair of earplugs for sleeping, having read here about the street noise, but I didn't need them at all. Another big plus is Hotel 373's small size - it's more like an intimate inn. I felt very safe there, as a woman traveling alone. And guess what ladies? There's a nail salon right next door! :-) Now here's the best part - I got a last minute deal of $248/night by searching through kayak.com the night before I left - an amazing price for December in NYC. Needless to say, I can't wait to return to Hotel 373!	
Nov 28 2007	OK stay	We have stayed for two nights and upon arrival we got upgraded to a larger room.My partner hated the fact that there was no proper lobby and to use loos you have to use Starbucks.Bedroom was ok (tiny though), hated the fact there was no Aveda goodies (part of the appeal), but some mixed and matched toiletries.Staff wore cheap looking uniforms with cheap looking bathrooms to match.Bed comfortable and shower good.No frills experience.	
Nov 6 2007 	The right place to be in NYC!	I stayed at Hotel 373 for a week (October 28-Nov 4) on a work related function. There was nothing about my stay that was unpleasant at all. I knew all along that the rooms would be smaller so I asked for a contemporary queen. High speed internet (and wireless) were complimentary and the hotel's lobby had a convenient Starbucks. They also had a list of nearby restaurants that delivered to the hotel's concierge and was brought up to your room by a hotel staff. When I requested for an iron and ironing board, the staff immediately brought it to my room. I would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family. And personally, I will go back and stay here when I go back to NYC for leisure.	
Oct 29 2007 	2 Weeks at the 373	I feel uniquely qualified to write a review of the Hotel 373 after I recently had a 12 night stay there for a business related trip. As mentioned in most reviews of Hotel 373, my room was quite small. It was a bit larger than the queen size bed with tight space to walk around it on the sides with more room at the foot of the bed. There was a chair provided in the room as well with a handy attached side table. Be aware there is no closet to hang clothes. Only a small hook strip on the wall with three hangers is provided. My room was on the top floor and although small, provided a nice haven away from the busy streets below with a nice view of the Empire State Building. Overall, the room was comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful.PROS: Great, easy to find location within walking distance to several sightseeing spots, comfy bed &amp; pillows, clean room with fairly new fixtures, flat screen tv with 100+ channels, helpful staff provided easy check-in &amp; check-out, free wifi, the room fan was loud enough to drown out street noise, but not too loud to be irritating for a good night's sleep.CONS: A strong cigarette smoke smell would occasionally come through the room ventilation system, the elevator bell is quite loud if your room is nearby, no closet space, no hair dryer or bath robe was provided as advertised on their web page, lack of good restaurants immediatly nearby (STAY AWAY from the Heartland Brewery at the nearby Empire State Building).	
Oct 29 2007 	Thumbs up!	Hotel 373 is a small, narrow but very nice hotel of 5th Avenue. You walk in the thin doorway next to a Starbucks (which almost forms part of the lobby so keep your eyes peeled when looking for it!) and that's when it hits you just how small the hotel is. It's also slightly basic, meaning there was no fridge in my room, not a great deal of space for a King size room and a lack of kitchen facilities in the hotel (if you want room service they order out for you).Those are the downsides, on the plus side the location is great, smack bang in the middle of 5th Ave, within walking distance of both Greenwich Village and the big shops on 5th and the Rockefeller centre.Also, the staff were very helpful and courteous, and the King size bed was VERY comfy! Having an ipod player in the room is a nice bonus, and the bathroom and shower (with free Aveda products) were more than sufficient.All in all I would recommend this hotel, sure it could do with more room, but as a place to stay for a long weekend in NY, its plus points outweighed its minuses.	
Oct 19 2007 	Cosy comfortable room	I stayed at the 373 for a short business trip in October -- and that's what I recommend it for: short trips. Pluses: The bed was super comfortable and the room was spotless and nicely decorated. The staff was very friendly (&amp; I was asked for ID when I checked in), location is convenient, and they offer both free wireless and many free movie channels on the flat-screen TV. As others have mentioned, it's connected to Starbucks, so no in-room coffee maker is needed (assuming you're willing to pay for good coffee). Aveda bath products are a nice touch too. While there was no Minuses: The rooms are very small and I'm honestly not sure how 2 larger people would manage it. You can't have the bathroom door open and get out on one side of the bed, or open the main door if the bathroom door is open. Also the lack of storage space could be a problem if you have 2 people who want to hang more than 3 things, or if you don't like living out of your suitcase.All in all, for a single traveler on a short trip, this is a great choice.	
Oct 7 2007 	Fantastic service at the "Starbucks" hotel	Convinced that in NYC you can't find a nice hotel room for less than $200 a night, I booked a stay at another hotel but promptly canceled it when a friend found Hotel 373 on the net.The value for the location, the service and the comfort of the room cannot be beat. The platform bed is heaven with feather pillows and a feather duvet. My duvet cover was a little worn but at least with a duvet you know that the cover is being washed, unlike the blankets in typical hotels. The sheets were fantastic.Business travelers and young travelers will love that this hotel offers WiFi for free throughout the building (so you can sit at the Starbucks and sip a latte while checking your email), there is a flat screen tv and an iPod dock/speakers in the room.The desk staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. My car service was over an hour late to pick me up for my trip to JFK and the staff allowed me to call them from the desk phone as many times as was necessary.Although there isn't a coffee maker in the room, there is a Starbucks literally in the lobby. The hotel desk and the Starbucks are connected by a sliding glass wall so you can easily come down the elevator, pop into Starbucks and head back up to your room while wearing pyjamas if you wish. The bathroom is stocked with good towels, a real hairdryer, Aveda soap, shampoo and other goodies and the shower is huge.My only tip would be that if you want the room in the photos, request one of the rooms at the front of the hotel. I think these end in &quot;01&quot;. They are a little bigger than my room (which was small but adequate) and have a view and nice large windows.	
Oct 3 2007	Great Hotel	Hotel 373 was a great hotel to stay in. We've been to New York a few times and the rooms are usually small. Here the rooms were small, there was a small cubby hole for a closet...3 hangers to be exact, no safe but you could use the safes they have downstairs - no charge, not much room to move and the view we had wasn't that great. The bed was amazing tho, I loved the blankets and pillows and they use aveda products for toiletries...love aveda. We were hardly in our rooms at all so the size never really bothered us. The front desk staff was really friendly and helpful. Love the fact that Starbucks is right there on our front step. The subway is about 2 blocks away...which wasn't the greatest but it is a nice neighbourhood...came back late at night and did not feel threatened at all. Overall it is a good hotel if you don't want to spend a lot and want a clean place.	
Oct 3 2007 	Never Ever Stay At This Place	I will never ever stay at this Hotel again. I stayed there a few weeks ago, and I had my doubts the second I checked in. The guy that checked me in, I think his name was Julio, and his name tag read Front Office Supervisor. He never asked me for any ID which made me a bit nervous. How do you take someones Credit Card without knowing if it is the cardholder or not. When leaving my room one afternoon, there was this man sitting on the floor in the hallway laughing, but he was alone. He looked like he was very heavily on drugs. Very Scary. Later when I returned from dinner, the same man was lying on the ground outside screaming and yelling at people. Then later while I was trying to sleep, I was disturbed by Police officers in the hallway talking to the woman in the room next door to mine. Even more scary. I dont know if that had anything to do with the man screaming outside or not, but what kind of people are you checking into your Hotel. I was afraid to leave my room. I thought I was staying at a nice Hotel, not the Motel 6.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good location	Location was perfect at 35th and 5th Ave. The surrounding area is safe and there is a Starbucks in the lobby. Very close to Herald Sq shopping and to subway and Penn Station. Short walk to Grand Central. Rooms are very small, just room for the bed basically. Bed was very comfortable with updated down bedding and pillows. Bathroom was just a shower, but good size, and countertops were marble and everything was new. Flat screen TV was new and modern. AC worked great. There is just 1 elevator and very small, narrow corriders in the halls. Not really typical of a hotel, no lobby to speak of, and no frills whatsoever, but clean, comfortable, convenient. Friendly and helpful desk staff.	
Sep 6 2007 	Safe Clean and close	Since I used to live in NY and now travel frequently to NYC back to my office on the same block, I watched this hotel being built and was curious to stay there. It's brand new in 2007 and very clean. The rooms are tiny - a regular room doesn't have a closet, comes with a double bed and doesn't have an iron. But, if all you need is a safe, clean place with easy access to everything in the city - this is the place. It's centrally located in mid-town, with about 2-block walk to both the east-side and west-side subways. 1 block from Empire State and 2 long blocks from Macys. The only downfall is that in both my stays, the hotel has placed me near the elevator - it's a loud beep/buzz when it opens on your floor, so request being far from the elevator.	
Sep 2 2007 	well worth it!!!!!	I must say for the great price on Labor Day weekend in NYC and the amazing location of this hotel we had a blast. You are only a half a block from the Empire State Building and about 20 or so from Times Square.The only complaint I had was the length of the bed. I am not that tall, but my feet kept hanging over the short bed. The room and bathroom was very clean and I did not hear too much noise in the hall. Our room was even next to the elevator. The staff at the front desk were very friendly, helpful, and outgoing to us. They even held our luggage for us before we checked in and again held it for us after we checked out the following morning at no extra charge. They even validate for a % of the parking fee. This was a great experience for my wife and I who always read the reviews here and get scared. We stayed in a small room, but well worth the price. There is even a N.Y. Yankees offical team store just 2 blocks away, and a Starbucks in the Lobby. Well worth it and bring your walking shoes.Yankee Fan!!!!	
Aug 27 2007	Modern great location	The Hotel 373 was ideally situated for sightseeing. It was clean, modern and either new or recently rehabbed. The rooms were small, as you would expect from most reasonably ($200-300/night) priced NY hotels, but it was very clean, internet accessible and our room faced the 35th Street side, so it wasn't obnoxiously loud at night. If you require lots of front/desk/concierge services, this place might not be for you, but the staff was helpful and accomodating. Starbucks next door made the morning coffee run easy. The hotel was also a stone's throw from the Empire State building and the subway lines.	
Aug 25 2007 	Give Hotel 373 a chance!	Located on the corner of Fifth Ave and 35thW, this hotel is small with a modern/simplistic atmosphere and has an outstanding staff. This was our 1st visit to NYC and being a couple in their 20's we had a tight budget. We could afford the Petite Queen ($199/night not including the huge NYC tax-and this hotel was reasonably taxed). I spoke to other visitors while on the elevator and there didn't seem to be much difference in the more expensive rooms. Our room had a view of the Empire State Building and as for being right on 5th Ave., it was quiet and cozy. We were in walking distance of Time Square and we decided to take the subway to Central Park another day. The staff was more than helpful when giving directions on where to find the right subway and bus. They even checked us in early so we wouldn't have to lug around or baggage before 3! They also kept our bags until our departure time (on the train)! We could't have made the most out of our short 3-day visit w/ out their help. I strongly reccomend this hotel to young couples taking the train in for a couple of nights! Tip well...this staff deserves it!	
Aug 21 2007 	Small and sweet	I love the 373. I stayed 2 seperate trips in June. The beds are amazing ... small rooms. which I loved ...very cozy .Not great for storing the bags. Let me start by saying I am VERY sensitive and a light sleeper . For me, I found the room with the King bed to be the best . The elevator has a bell that you can hear from all the rooms. so if you are sensitive try to be down the hall. from the elevator.The last room at the end of the hall is loud..... Stay away you can hear and feel the hum of the air conditioner and Stay away from the top level also the whole floor vibrates. The staff is Darling. loved them all especially Tatiana. she was so helpful and caring. I would love to stay there again. There is a wonderful Korean spa around the corner. One of my all time best spa experiences Juvinex. It is wonderful. I went during the day. Women only.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good Things Come in Small Packages	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights 8/3-8/6. We were coming up for a wedding and for some reason the hotels for this weekend were exceptionally outrageous. I ending up finding this by chance and they offered a AMEX cardmember discount so I cancelled the other reservation I had and figured we give this a shot - saving over $300. I was a little worried because it didn't have many stars and you get what you pay for in NYC. Well my worries were quickly put at ease when we arrived. The lack of stars are for lack of amenties - i.e. on-site restaurant. Other than that the room was small but really nice. Comfy bed with a flat screen. Clean NEW bathroom. The cleanliness of the room was very impressive. Not to mention when we left for the wedding (running late) it looked like a bomb went off in the room - we came back and it was perfect. The staff was extremely nice and very knowledgeable about the area, trains, etc..I consider myself a bit of hotel snob in trying to find the nicest hotel for the least amount of $$ and this place fits the bill. It is the perfect NYC experience - a tiny room two blocks from the subway - what more do you need. One note - we had a queen room and two people max REALLY is it.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good but bad	We had a good stay in 373 Fifth Avenue, friendly staff, good location on Mahnattan and Clean although small rooms. We paid in cash and they said the credit card swipe would be cleared, I found they didn't clear the card but charged it for 1,680.00 USD after we paid in cash. No reply from first e-mail to the hotel about the problem, spoke to the manager (Jeff) by phone and he explained I should sent the e-mail to his address and he would sort it out, 2 days after sending the e-mail I had to contact the manager again as I had no responce, now he tells me the day I paid the hotel was taken over by new ownership and I should talk to the old owners and so has washed his hands of the problem, my advise is do not stay here as the after stay problmes are not worth it.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great little boutique hotel!	I loved this little hotel. It IS little, but that added to it's charm. And I loved my little room. And it WAS little, but that was just fine with me. Very nicely designed room and it felt like a luxury hotel room. I arrived really late at night (1am), but the doorman was there and I got checked in very quickly. The Starbucks downstairs was very convenient. Fab location for visiting the Empire State Building and shopping at Macy's. I'd definetly stay there again.	
Jul 13 2007	Great people!	My flight was late and I didn't get to my hotel until after midnight. Th guy at the front desk helped me check in quickly, got me an ethernet chord and was extremely cheerful. I wasn't sure when I first came in, but after seeing the people and the rooms, I was extremely impressed. You folks have hired great people and have a wonderful facility! Don't change a thing!	
Jul 1 2007 	Absolutely a great deal if you don't mind a tiny room	I've stayed at many midtown hotels with weekend rates in the mid to high 200's...Hotel373 was a steal at $169. I chose one of the petite/double bed rooms which was fine for a single traveler(larger rooms are avaiable)...but I think would be uncomfortable for two. The room is essentially a bed, a small chair with a swing out table for your laptop and TV console with two drawers. No closet, dresser, fridge or safe. It was perfect for my two day trip because all I needed was a place to sleep.  The hotel was modern, clean and convenient with a few nice bonuses like free wi-fi, HBO, nice bathroom - marble tile, good shower, Aveda products. There is quite a bit of street noise on 5th avenue 24/7 - but there is a full adjustable window air conditioner which drowned out the noise. Two small complaints - my room was by the elevator and it has a loud bell that rings each time the door opens (annoying) and there are no blackout curtains -- only blinds which let in quite a bit of morning light so it was difficult to sleep late.For me, the pluses outweight the minuses and I will definitely be back. If you are looking for a bargain for a quick trip to NY and don't mind compromising on space, the 373 would be an excellent choice.	
Jun 6 2007 	Great stay great experience	I traveled to New York from Germany and stayed 6 nights at the Hotel 373. I was traveling alone so I wanted to be sure that my stay was safe, which it was. The hotel is excellent! The staff very nice and helpful. The rooms were cleaner than clean. Everything was just perfect.I definitely will stay there again in the near future and can highly recommend HOTEL 373Christina, from Germany	
Jun 4 2007 	Great location!	After booking a last minute weekend with Expedia, we chose to stay at 373.The location is perfect especially if you get a room with a view, which Daniel on front desk arranged for us there and then. We woke up to the Empire State Building looming down on us! Fabulous!The room - small but perfectly formed for a break. Crisp fresh bedding, plenty of towels, comfy bed and marshmallow pillows. Take your ipod to dump into the ipod dock for your own music, takes most ipods including shuffle. Good quality &quot;steam&quot; iorn and board brought up promptly following our request. Lovely shower and amenities and loo roll holder in the perfect position (for all of those who stay in hotels often, you will understand. For those who don't it's not behind you!).Whilst no hot drinks or food on the premises, starbucks (which is next door via an internal door) accepts you in your pj's from 0500 to 2300 most days (not sure about sundays) - great to have. There is also a very handy booklet recommending varied take out menus that will deliver to your hotel room.Front desk arranged airport run in air con car at no extra cost to a cab.Hotel is unassuming, very clean, modern and simple. You will not be dissapointed.just a small point: air con at the top a little noisy, but didn't put us off in the slightest.	
May 18 2007 	A gem!	We stayed at this hotel in April. To echo previous comments, excellent location, (corner 5th/E 35th) very comfortable bed, linen &amp; towels changed everyday, great shower, flat-screen multi-channel cable TV. No tea/coffee facilities, but Starbucks in reception, open from 5:30am until around 11PM. 24hr convenience store just across the street, diner next door.Check-out time is 12:00PM, our flight wasn't until 8:30PM, they securely held our luggage as we went out for day and returned early evening to collect en route to the Airport.Two minor drawbacks, we were on the top (9th) floor, although we heard no street noise the humming air conditioning fan in the bathroom, could still be heard with the door shut. Also, they only have a small double drawer, there is not enough space for a wardrobe, just a few coats pegs. A small clothes rail in the corner of the room would have been good, otherwise you are living out of your suitcase. If you are arriving into Newark, would recommend the Express Bus to Port Authority, then 5 minute (traffic dependent), taxi ride to the hotel.  Although there are two subway lines within a few minutes walk, we did a lot of walking.We would recommend visiting the Empire State Building (literally across the street) at night. We went up around 10:30PM on our first night, with a very small queue of people, amazing!. We walked up to the Rockefeller Centre around 10AM on Sunday and took in day time views of the city, where you can see ESB and Central Park…I think these views were even more breathtaking than the ESB.Also, wanting to visit Liberty Island we made our way by the R subway line to Battery Park, what we thought was early, and were greeted by long queues from 10AM of around an hour and a half…the hour-long circle line tour or yellow water taxi would have been chosen with hindsight. Don't believe these actually make stops at Liberty or Ellis Island but are ideal if you just want pictures of the Statue and Lower Manhattan skyline. There would also have been the option of the free ferry to Staten Island.This was our first trip to NYC and cannot wait to go again!!…	
May 17 2007 	Accused me of stealing	I actually thought this place was okay -- tiny-but-clean, with a good, strong internet connection. I even thought it was fun that they're basically located IN a Starbucks. And I didn't mind the fact that there is no concierge service (or help) to speak of. What I do mind is spending a bunch of time on the phone with the hotel and my credit card company trying to understand and reverse an erroneous $100 charge. At first, the hotel said it was an accident, but then they told my credit card company that I had stolen an iPod dock from the room. Do hotels even HAVE iPod docks in the rooms?Now I'm in the process of writing letters and providing documentation to prove that I'm not a thief. Very frustrating! I'd rate my stay a 3, but the post-stay experience has been maddening.	
May 8 2007 	Perfect!	This hotel is great - it's very small but you don't need much. We stayed in a Queen Room and was sufficient - I imagine the petit rooms may have been a bit too small.The beds are fabulous, the bedding is brand new and consists of Egyptian Cotton sheets and pillow. There is a flat screen tv, A/C unit - this would have been better mounted to a wall and high up but we used it to store things! There were 3 coat hangers and a small space for clothing.The bathroom was great and quite large. They provided Aveda products which are great. Also a slovely and soft bathrobe!I would def stay here again - the location is perfect - on 35th &amp; 5th - right accross from the ESB and next door to Starbucks for your morning coffee - the other side of the hotel is Oxford Deli which does great breakfasts!The staff are young, and friendly - they will assist you with whatever you need - and quickly.Perfect for a short break, only rason i wouldn't recommend a longer break 7+ nights is because there is no-where to store your cases/clothes etc.	
May 5 2007 	Comfortable and Cozy Boutique Hotel	A very comfortable and impeccably clean boutique hotel. Spent a week there in early March. Close to Times Square, Macy's and public transport. The beds are very comfortable as many other reviewers have noted. If small rooms are a concern, I would opt for the Contemporary Queen - not the Petite. It was great having a Starbucks attached to the hotel - quick way to grab a coffee and muffin in the morning. Highly recommend.I should mention that room prices have already increased considerably since March - I would say by at least a hundred dollars (unless I just got lucky reserving through Expedia).	
Apr 24 2007 	Great little hotel.......	Girlfriend and I stayed here for 6 nites. We are just home. We stayed on top floor room 809 to the front. Yes rooms are small no wardrobes but all we did was sleep in there. Beds were really comfy and most importantly rooms very clean. Macys few mins walk away empire state to left of hotel across the street. Starbucks on to hotel great deli next door on the right food really fresh. The hotel says its 37th street its not its actually on corner of e35th street our cabbie had alot of trouble finding it. But if you get to empire state look left its 2 streets away you can see the starbucks before hotel. Blink and you miss. No complaints will definitely go back.	
Apr 21 2007 	Do not give them a cash deposit!	When we checked-in at the hotel, we were asked to pay a deposit of $50 per night. As this is a standard procedure, I happily paid the deposit thinking that I will get it ALL back when I check out. The hotel staff gave me two options, either I pay by credit card or cash. As I felt a little nervous using my credit card abroad, (you hear about so many frauds these days!) I chose to pay $250 (5nightsx$50) CASH. However, when it came to the day of check out, the lady at the front desk said that she didn't have any cash to return to me. Not because I caused damage to the room, but simply because they were out of cash! Despite the fact that they promised to send a cheque out to me, it's been a week but still no sign of my money!I advise all of you to pay your deposit by card if you want to stay in this hotel. It will be MUCH easier and you'll actually see your money at the end of your stay!	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Hotel!	I travel to NYC for business once per month, and this is my new favorite. Great mid-Manhattan location, reasonable rates for NYC. Many casual dining options within 5min walk, convenience store across the street. I paid $159 for a queen room. Yes, the rooms are small, but they're EXTREMELY clean, which (next to price) is my biggest concern. Helpful staff - bag check available. Will stay there from now on!	
Apr 14 2007 	graet hotel excellent price in top location/ will be back!!	just came back from a six night stay in this hotel. me and my wife were on our hounymoon and all i can say is that this hotel is just excellent!!!the rooms are a bit small, but the hotel is new and evrything is very very clean and neat.the staff is very bery helpful and did there very best to assist and answer our questions.the location is excellent and you can just about walk to evrywere.graet hotel for a graet price in top location. will be back again!!!	
Apr 12 2007 	Exactly what you need for new york	It is on the small side but it is clean and the bed is fantastic.It is conveniently located to most spots. To the left, you can go to the empire state building and macy and times square, to the right you can walk to saks fith ave, central park, huge apple store etcAnd what makes it even better is the starbucks located downstairs the hotel. It has a nice seating area, one of the best sitting area i saw of all the starbucks i went into.	
Apr 12 2007	Great value Nice and Clean Excellent Service	We stayed for 5 nights and where very pleased with the hotel. It was offcourse a small room, and nothing to do but sleep. But we weren't in New York to stay in our room. It was a very nice and clean place, the bathrooms where great. There was a great place for a cheap but very good meal very close to the hotel, just up the road on 5th ave called Green Pea.The staff was very helpful and friendly.	
Apr 10 2007 	Reasonable rates small rooms still working the kinks out	I chose the Hotel 373 after my conference hotel ran out of rooms; it had the most reasonable midtown rates I could find without going to a place that looked really sketchy. 373 has three great things going for it: it's brand new (just a couple of months old), which means everything is clean and new; it has very reasonable rates for midtown Manhattan ($35 less per night than the &quot;discounted&quot; rate at my conference hotel); and its location is excellent (on Fifth Avenue at 35th St., one block from the Empire State Building, which I could see from my window).But the place also has a few major drawbacks. First, as everyone has noted, the rooms are very small. My &quot;petite queen&quot; room had just enough room for a queen bed and a small desk, and it was tough even to get to the other side of the bed--think college dorm room dimensions. Yes, there really is no closet, just some hooks on the wall. They've made some attempts to compensate (e.g. a flat-screen television), and the room is reasonably well appointed (bed was comfortable and pillows were nice and fluffy). There is free wi-fi and a place to plug your iPod into the radio. But the room was also very dark; bizarrely, there was just a single overhead light near the door, and an LED lamp on the desk, so at night it was pretty gloomy. It was fine for me alone on a business trip, but it would have been claustrophobic with a spouse on vacation.The bathroom had a major design flaw: there was no barrier between the floor of the shower and the bathroom floor, so when I took a shower, water flooded the entire floor, even seeping out onto the carpet (which was still wet three days later). This is not so unusual in a lower-grade European hotel, but I don't think I've ever seen it in the US.As others have noted, the rooms are heated and cooled by a window unit, which is quite noisy and which, given the close quarters, blows air right at you when you're lying in bed. It also means that when the unit is not running, street noise is quite loud. Light sleepers will have a rough time here. Noise insulation from neighbors seemed to be okay, though my neighbor's alarm clock did wake me at 6 a.m. the day I departed.I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, but there were some service hiccups. When I arrived there wasn't any shampoo with the toiletries; when it was delivered later it wasn't the Aveda shampoo promised on the website (and was pretty bad stuff, actually). On day 2 my wakeup call never came (making me late for the conference) and my tissue box had disappeared. I was also promised extra towels (to deal with the flooding) which weren't delivered. An engineer was apparently sent up to address the bathroom issue, which did improve (but which didn't disappear) the last day I was there.As noted, there is no lobby to speak of; there's just enough room for a reception desk and two armchairs. There is a Starbucks that can be accessed through a sliding door from the lobby, which is very convenient.Based on location and price alone, this would be a very reasonable choice for a business or solo leisure traveler. But with the other problems that I experienced I'm not sure that I would stay here again.(Note: since the place is new cab drivers will likely not know where it is. Just tell them to take you to Fifth Avenue and 35th St. and look for the Starbucks.)	
Apr 6 2007	373 rocks!	my high school senior daughters and i just spent 5 days at 373, and could not be more pleased. the staff was completely helpful when our luggage was lost, and called my cell phone immediately when the bags were delivered. Clean rooms, nice baths, great price. Location is fantastic, no need to ride to Times Square, but quick jump on Subways uptown or down. The Korean bakeries on 32nd street are great, along with Irish bars on 35th street.	
Apr 2 2007 	GREAT DEAL GREAT LOCATION	It was difficult to decide what to rate this sweet little property because it was the smallest room I have ever stayed in but it was also a real &quot;find&quot; for the price. I hae decided to rate it EXCELLENT because the rate takes into account the size of the room. The bedding was amazing, the property immaculate, the bathroom very functional and well equipped - amenities were superior - and the front desk very helpful and nice. The day we checked in the front desk clerk was amazing, the check out clerk the next day was fine but was not as friendly but very professional (New York style). We were there overnight only - in transit to our cruise ship, but would have to stay there only if we did not have too much luggage as there is no place to store it in the room. No closet space in the contemporary queen at all. For short stays - it is perfect. Great TV - loads of channels but we were no in the room very much. Easy access to the subways and LOCATION&lt;LOCATION,LOCATION!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 25 2007	Great price but not much else!	New hotel with good prices. On Fifth Ave and is fairly noisy with both outside noise and noise from other rooms as well. Perfect for the lone business traveler who is just in there to sleep. These rooms are the smallest I've ever seen and there is not room for two people. It is just a bedroom and small, albeit very nice bath and shower. The heat/AC is a window unit that cycles on and off frequently. Probably not good for a light sleeper. There are absolutely no amenities at this hotel except a flat screen TV and a docking station for your IPOD. Starbucks is attached and has a great breakfast. My husband thought it was fine for his purposes though.	
Mar 25 2007 	Reasonable place to stay	Hotel 373 has small rooms that for the most part work. The bed and bedding are great. Everything is very clean and new, great flat screen TV with many channels, good hairdryer and toiletries, personal thermostat (I understand that some rooms have widow AC units), watersaver toilet that actually flushes, plush towels and bathrobe. The front desk people are pleasant and try to be helpful, though not always too knowledgeable. You are across the street from the Empire State Building, several blocks from Macy's, Lord and Taylor and subways. The down side is that this is a small hotel with small rooms and small lobby. Don't expect to take a great deal of luggage. There isn't room. The room has a small desk, small 2 drawer chest, luggage rack and a ledge next to the bed with a clock radio/mp3 dock. There are several hooks on the wall with 3 hangers to hang clothes. The bathroom has no towel rods (only a hook on the door) and no TP holder. The shower would be great if they would put a better shower head in. There are several shelves to put things on in the bathroom. You need to call for ice and there is only 1 elevator that is used by both guests and housekeeping. This was a nice place to sleep and I'd consider going back if I could continue to get the price I paid.	
Mar 22 2007 	Tiny lobby small rooms no bar....BUT STILL PERFECT	Stayed for three nights, and loved it. Doesnt look like a hotel, more like an apartment block, but from the time we checked in to leaving we had NO problems. Staff were very friendly and more than helpful, rooms are indeed tiny, but does anyone go to NY to sit in? Close to Empire State, Macy's, about 10min walk to Times Square, location was ideal. No tea making facilities, but Starbucks downstairs, similarly no bar, but pubs close by.Would definitely recommend to any traveller.	
Mar 19 2007 	Fantastic location wonderful stay!		
Mar 19 2007 	Wonderful LITTLE Hotel		
Mar 17 2007 	Good Location Hit or Miss Service		
Mar 6 2007 	Cleanest 		
Mar 1 2007 	Bit quirky but works!		
Feb 26 2007	Great place to stay!		
Feb 25 2007	Excellent little hotel		
Feb 22 2007 	Amazing Price. Tidy operation.		
Feb 10 2007 	Great location good value		
Feb 6 2007 	Great hotel great value		
Oct 15 2009 	Un hôtel intimiste idéal pour les shopping addict		
Sep 24 2009 	Für einen Kurztripps sehr empfehlenswert		
Sep 22 2009 	Hotel Perfetto per noi!!		
Aug 16 2009 	Idéal pour profiter de New York en toute décontraction		
Jul 27 2009 	Pratique		
Apr 29 2009 	Piccolo ma centralissimo		
Apr 17 2009 	Pequeño pero localización perfecta		
Apr 14 2009 	Perfecto!		
Feb 16 2009 	Sin queja		
Jan 6 2009 	Super Lage Super klein Super sauber		
Dec 14 2008	lo necesario		
Nov 12 2008 	????????		
Nov 11 2008 	Bon hôtel bien placé		
Oct 10 2008 	Carísimo para lo que es		
Aug 29 2008 	Pulito Ottima posizione Piccolo		
Jun 27 2008	Tolle Lage netter Service		
Mar 24 2008 	373 und ich		
Feb 26 2008 	Wunderbar! Klein sauber zentral!		
