	Great hotel great location!	I stayed here for 5 nights with my dad from November 14th-20th. Check in was quick and easy, we were given a room on the 10th floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The rooms were of good size, we had a twin bedroom and were pleased with the size. There was also an electronic safe in the cupboard that was free to use and the rooms were cleaned everyday. Breakfast was fine - we thought we would probably have to go out and buy breakfast as it was only continental but there was plenty of choice and always enough food to go around. It was a buffet style breakfast with muffins, cereal, toast, youghurt, bagels etc and tea and coffee which you could help yourself to throughtout the day and night. The hotel was great location wise - down the road to macy's and empire state and about a 5-10 minute walk to times square. Beware though it IS the city that never sleeps - I don't think I had a night where I slept straight through without being woken up by a binman at 3am or noisy people coming back to their hotels. Our window was also broken the first night which meant the noise was awful but the staff did fix it straight away the next day so I have no complaints with that.The hotel also sell tickets to most attractions for exactly the same price as the attractions themseleves which is handy and means no queuing!! The staff are friendly and are really helpful, they reccommended a boat trip that we didn't even know about and it was fantastic. We did all of the main attractions and walked to most of them. People are quick to tell you to get in a taxi to get everywhere when you can walk it in 10 minutes!! We walked to central park from the hotel and to John Lennon's old house but people couldn't understand why we walked the 20 minutes to get there... The only place we did get the underground to was to Ground Zero and you can walk from there to the Statue of Liberty dock in around ten minutes if that.When you get given the map everything seems really far away... but it's not. Save yourself some money and walk, it really doesn't take that long and there is so much traffic on the roads it's not worth getting in a taxi.The security over there is immense so be prepared to be prodded and poked! It's good considering everything that has happened and makes you think that Britain should be the same. For Top of the Rock, Empire and Statue of Liberty you get searched and go through metal detectors etc before you can go up, understandable and makes you feel more secure plus it doesn't actually take that long.Coming to and from the airport we booked with Supershuttle.com before we went. Excellent service, you can tip when you book (tipping is a huge thing over there and most places if you go out and eat will actually add their own tip on..then ask if you want to leave anymore!!). We shared the ride with about 4 other couples and it did take about an hour to get to the hotel but it gave us time to take in the sights and sounds so we didn't mind at all. Going home we were the last to get picked up and the ride took about 20 mins! It's cheaper than getting a taxi they have a flat rate of about $43 one way. One final thing... I have to reccommend Keen's steak house. It is literally round the block from the hotel and was the best meal I've had!! It was expensive but well worth it. Don't go around 5/6pm though all the businessmen go there for their dinner and it gets stupidly busy. We went on a Sunday and it was quiet. Lovely place, excellent staff and fab food.	
Nov 17 2009 	Well-located near Pennsylvania Station	The Hotel Metro on West 35th Street in New York City was well-located for us since we traveled to New York City on Amtrak. The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. The room was clean and attractive, but the bathroom was very, very, small. The best feature of the hotel was its breakfast buffet, good bagels, fresh fruit and coffee. Prices are never fixed at the hotel. They vary from season to season. It seems to be the favorite stopping place of UK visitors who arrive en masse!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel for a Great City	We spent a week in the Hotel metro for my 30th birthday 3rd november till the 10th. Apart from the great new york traffic on the way to the hotel the trip was nothing sort of outstanding. The hotel staff were great espcially Ann who i organised tickets with before we went and all these were waiting for us when we got there. Stayed on the 9th floor with a great view of the empire state building. Rooms were clean on arrival and cleaned every day. The breakfast was a bouns and the restaraunt/ living room was never really to busy. Not a thing to complain about why would i we made the whole experince worth while and this hotel helped our trip a little more worth while. Would highly recommend and defo gonna stay there again. And don't expect much sleep because this city truly never sleeps.	
Nov 4 2009 	GREAT HOTEL IN PERFECT LOCATION.	stayed at the metro for a week in june 2009 and loved it.this was our 5th time in new york but the first time at this hotel, but we would definately stay there again.book with confidence, you will not be dissapointed.	
Nov 4 2009 	ROOM POSITION	Room was overlooking building site. When I asked to change it I was told no other rooms. Carpets were stained and threadbare Staff wrere not friendly with the exception of Matthew the doorman who had a loverly manner,Stayed here before and thought I would never return. However, was told hotel had a makeover since and thought I would come backNever AgainK	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed for a week at this art deco hotel &amp; loved it. We were upgraded to a suite on 12th floor, which was great &amp; very clean. Complementary breakfasts were excellent, very good choices &amp; coffe/tea available free all day. Receptionists &amp; doormen were extremely helpful &amp; very friendly.Hotel is well situated for sightseeing, we walked miles also used the metro &amp; metro &amp; bus to United Nations (metro card reqd for bus). Walk across Brooklyn Bridge is fantastic, as is view from Empire State Building. You need to visit Empire State early as queues can be long but this is no problem as hotel is so close .We loved everything about this hotel &amp; would stay again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Smal but perfectly formed......	We stayed at the hotel Metro for the first time in August, for the Depeche Mpde concerts at MSG. The room was small - the bathroom door couldnt open fully as it hit the bed, but everything was in perfect working order and very clean. The roof terrace is an amazing suntrap and nice for an afternoon dirnk. Maceys is right at the end of the street, Madison Square just a few blocks and Times Square and Central Park within walking distance. The staff were all polite and really helpful -they all seemed please that it wasnt our first time in New York but our first time with them....we are now trying to book again for a late November trip and would definitely stay at the Metro again. Very pleaseant and a good trip	
Oct 30 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel close to everything	We stayed a long weekend at Hotel Metro and were most pleasantly surprised with the accommodations and service. Accommodations were very clean and decor 1940's &quot;trendy&quot; so one felt like it was stepping back in time. Free continental breakfast and library area nice way to connect with others. Roof top terrace is beautiful with a stunning view of the Empire State Building. Only drawback: size of the room and bed. Room was teeny, tiny and bed was full size, we're used to at least a queen size as it was my teenage daughter and me. However, when in NYC, we rarely stay in the room except to sleep, so wasn't a huge drawback. Will definitely stay again!	
Oct 29 2009 	Watch out for the cockroaches!!	Please...save yourself some money and grief by not staying at this hotel!On the last day of my stay I discovered an extremely large cockraoch in my room (actually on my bed!). My brother and his fiancee proceeded to tell me they had also seen them on the roofdeck (we were staying on the 12th floor).On complaining to the front desk they proceeded to ask me &quot;what do you want us to do about it?&quot; and the manager refused to even speak to me until I absolutely insisted he come out from hiding under the desk. He then proceeded to tell me that there was no formal comlaints procedure and he could not authorise any kind of refund or compensation. This was changeover day - the busiest day of the week!I consequently left a polite letter of complaint to the senior manger and still am waiting for a reply 3 weeks later...I won't hold my breath!Probably the worst customer experience I have ever encountered and poorly trained staff who clearly did not know how to handle a complaint. Having worked in the tourist industry myself this is certainly not the way to go!A total shambles and would not want any one else to go through the same nasty experience. Also makes me wonder where else they are lurking in this hotel if they are on the 12th floor and the roof deck...don't even want to think about the kitchen...	
Oct 28 2009 	Very disappointed with package	The Hotel was good, clean, tidy, friendly and good service, breakfast was fine. Location great for sightseeing, all in all good. Beware if you book through an agent i:e B A and are offered a Mini Double room @ £200 00+ a night. We did!!! Luckily we had a very sympathetic receptionist who after the first night was able to upgrade us to a far nicer room. Please do not take this as a mar on the hotel as they only sell these rooms to agents not directly to the general public. I would return to the Metro but would book direct in future.	
Oct 24 2009 	Not perfect but not bad!	My sister recommended this hotel after staying there a couple of years ago and we found it ideal for our week-long sight-seeing holiday. On check-in we were advised that we had been upgraded to a room with two double beds on the 12th floor (one below the penthouse) and we were surprised how spacious it was as we had heard that rooms in NYC could be a little on the small side. The decor of the room was quite dated and the lighting dim but it was very clean and the beds extremely comfortable. The room was well equiped with a safe, iron and ironing board and minibar but be aware that the items in the minibar and box on the top are on a sensor - if they are removed for more than 20 seconds you are charged!Whilst the complimentary breakfast was a nice touch, with decent orange juice, coffee, toast, muffins &amp; pastries, bagels, cereals, etc, the rooms provided were a little cramped and overstuffed with chairs which could not be used due to lack of space. The cups, plates and cutlery provided were all plastic and the toaster was awkwardly located in a corner and always crowded - could have done with another. However, it was convenient and saved us having to go out and look for somewhere to eat each morning.The location of the hotel was fantastic - behind the Empire State Building with Macys half a block away and Times Square seven blocks away (about 10min walk) and the views from the rooftop terrace were amazing.We will be going back to NYC within the next few years as a week just wasn't enough to see all we wanted to see but we will definitely consider staying at the Metro again.	
Oct 23 2009 	brilliant hotel great location	stayed 6 nights , upgraded to a two bedroom suite on 10th floor,very clean hotel, very friendly and helpful staff. hotel location perfect two minutes from macys and empire state building. definitly would return.	
Oct 20 2009 	First Time to New YorkGlad I stayed at Hotel Metro	This was a great hotel. I stayed in room 916. Clean room, nice bed,heater and AC worked great. But on this side of the hotel there's no view. And, if I want room service I have to go down stairs to the Metro Grill, place my order, then they brought it up to me. B/C they didnt have Menus in the Room. If you want a croissant for breakfast be careful because they have alot of Garlic!GREAT locations I was able to see Hearld Sq, Macy's, Empire State Building, and Time Square all in the same day!! I also saw Madison Sq garden that was only 2 or 3 blocks away.	
Oct 20 2009 	overpriced and in need of renovation	We chose the hotel for the location, free internet (as we had to be in contact with my office) and complementary breakfast. From the description it looked like a stylish boutique hotel. What we got was a shabby old hotel, in need of renovation. The room size was fine and that was all. In the room I tried to move the chair and the arm-rest came off. The bed had No duvet, just a blanket...Bathroom very small.Internet connection was oh so so slow...3 small lifts but one was out of order, took forever to go down(complementary) breakfast was self-service with plastic cups and plates in a small crowded room where tables and chairs where almost one on the other! - better not to offer it at all!Booked for 3 nights, ended up checking out the first day and went to the Hilton Chelsea Inn and paid less for more! p.s. nobody asked why I checked out early	
Oct 16 2009 	Great base for sightseeing.	We stayed at the Metro for five nights (30th Anniversary) and we loved the location and the hotel itself. Breakfasts were fine, we ate dinner in the Metro Grill twice: the food, wine and service were excellent. The only minor problem was the noise at night from outside (we were at the back of the hotel), but that wasn't enough of a problem to spoil things and anyway it's a city, you get noise.The Metro's in an ideal location for trips and sightseeing, we used the subway to get everywhere and would definitely stay there again. We loved it there.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good for money	Room was a bit small, and we had an interior room (window looking into the alley between bldgs, but for the price and location there is nothing better. Couple blocks from Penn Station, block from Empire, half a block from subway and Herald Square... AND it had a free continental breakfast (unusual for NYC). May not be where you go to lounge in your room, but perfect for an inexpensive on-the-town trip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Desperate to go back!	Hotel is a fantastic choice. Very clean, great continental breakfast, very helpful and friendly reception staff. The rooms are basic, small, very clean and tidy. The location of this hotel is just amazing. Has a great roof top terrace which you can see from top of empire state building if you're brave enough to go up. Definately recommed this hotel to anyone going to New York.	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent All Round Hotel	We have just come back from NYC and stayed at the Hotel Metro - we arrived quite early and our room wasn't ready but the hotel were happy to store our luggage while we went out and explored. The rooms were very clean and well decorated - we weren't in that much and only slept and ate breakfast there - there are lots of choices at breakfast and seeing as its complimentary I really can't see why some people on this site are complaining about it, the hotel don't have to provide it!! We would definitely go back there, the location is great with most sites within walking distance and subway about 200 yds away.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Hotel - Look no further.	We just returned from 5 nights at this hotel which was picked after hours of searching. Decision was made on the location, breakfast being included and the price. We were not disappointed. We were upgraded to a king room without asking and it was great - very clean, comfortable and lots of storage space in the walk in closet.We did not eat at the hotel other than breakfast so cannot comment on that but we would recommend O'Reilly's Off Fifth which is 4 -5 doors down. Great presentation, excellent quality/quantity and very reasonable prices. We had 4 meals there and each time we averaged $65.00 for drinks, appetizer and entree. Pub style downstairs and more intimate upstairs so something for everyone.We would also highly recommend the hop on hop off bus by Grey Lines. We purchased the three day pass and used it for transportation as well as a means of seeing the city. Sit up top but dress for it. It is approximately 15 degrees cooler up there.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent value for money	Stayed here for one week in September with my husband and we were very pleased with this hotel. It was our first visit to NYC and we spent ages trawling through reviews trying to pick a nice hotel. Due to our flight we arrived 3 hours early for check in but we were not disappointed as they had a room available for us &amp; we didn't have to wait. Check in took about 5 minutes, staff very polite &amp; friendly. The room was very clean &amp; on the back of the hotel, which did not have a great view but it was good because it was quiet at night &amp; we slept very well as the bed was so comfy too. Also we did not hear any noise from the rooms around us which was good. The room size was good, we could fit in our suitcases and lots of shopping bags quite comfortably. My husband had to ask reception for flatter pillows and these arrived in about 10 minutes. Breakfast was excellent, we went after 9am and never had a problem getting a table. One small problem was that the breakfast plates are so small, we had to make 2 or 3 trips to get what we wanted. The location of the hotel is fantastic, 1 minute to Macy's and five minutes to Times Square. We also used the free internet access which was really useful. We visited the roof top terrace one evening and did not have any problems getting in, you just have to show ID. We also had one meal in the Metro Grill which was very nice. Overall we had a really nice stay here, there are just a couple of little problems like noisy air con and small breakfast plates!! We would definately stay here again, can't wait to go back to NYC, it's amazing!!	
Sep 30 2009 	4 Nights	We were upgraded to a Kingsize room on our arrival, no extra cost.The room was spotlessly clean and maintained that way throughout our stay. It was a spacious room with hair dryer and Iron included. The staff were help full and pleasant, breakfast was plentyful if at times a little crowded. The cutlery and plates were disposable, but not really detramental to the meal.The location was excellent, being at most about 200 metres from Macys. Thers was a subway stop at the end of the street with easy access to everywhere we could think of.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great	The hotel is in a great location, close to Macy's, Empire State Building, and subway stations and is good value for money for New York. The room was clean. The roof terrace is excellent. The staff are friendly and helpful as well. The Breakfast is basic, nothing special. Also we really liked the free internet access and the gym. We would stay there again.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good hotel for location - rooms small	Hotel was in a good location if you want to be in Midtown, only one block from Empire State and short walk to Macy's/Time Square. Rooms were small compared to other New York hotels I've stayed in, but adequately kitted out. Bathroom clean but fittings a bit shabby, toilet kept running when flushed unless you fiddled with flush lever. Continental breakfast good, lots to eat, coffee good. Air con units in room where very noisey, even when I wore wax earplugs which usually block everything out!	
Sep 15 2009 	Great value - a definite re-book	Loved this hotel. Its clean, friendly, and very central. The continental breakfast was excellent, though it was a shame redecoration was making the breakfast room a bit cramped. Rooms were clean, tidy and quiet and we would definitely recommend the food and the cocktails at the Metro Grill. Would have liked the rooftop bar to have been open more though. we will definitely book this hotel next time we are in New York.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Budget hotel for a short break	The Metro is a great budget hotel and I would stay there again at the drop of a hat. I think if you are a tourist in NYC you will not spend too much time in your room, therefore as long as it is clean and the bed is comfy, what more do you need - the Metro satisfies both. It is a great location easy to walk to most places from there and cabs are so cheap to pretty much anywhere from the metro. As others have said there is a bar on the roof which gives great views of the empire state, I actually think they could do more with the bar, it felt a bit make shift.The staff were great, particularly the door man. It rained when we were there so he sorted us with a couple of umbrellas. Good breakfast, but i think investing in an additional toaster might make a bit of sense. Overall very happy and the money saved on accomodation can easily be spent on some of the amazing NY restaurants,try the boathouse in Central Park	
Sep 13 2009 	Great!	Good hotel in excellent location - very close to Times Square, Empire State Building and Macy's. Subway station only a few yards away so the rest of the city was within easy reach. The staff were very helpful and the room was clean, comfortable and a good size. Complimentary breakfast was a pleasant surprise. Metro Grill next door offers a discount to guests and the food was excellent. Will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent location very clean hotel	We arrived we were very pleased to find out that we had been upgraged to a Pent House Suite. (I had advised at the time of booking this holiday was a present for my 30th birthday).The room was very spacious and tastefully decorated and very very clean. The room was equiped with an iron and ironing board - usually when we've travelled you have to request these at reception. Breakfast was fine - couldn't complain as it was complimentary - just toast, fruit yoghurts, bagels and muffins etc. The only downside was that they only had plastic plates and cutlery for use, and paper cups for the coffee. However on the plus side, the you just put everything in the bin when you finished so there was never long in waiting for a table to be cleaned away. The dining area was small, but saying that we never struggled for a table (we were down about 7.30 most mornings). Coffee was available 24hrs a day if you wanted it and with it being in cardboards cups there were lids available if you wanted to take out with you. This hotel was a fantastic location. We was in the centre of it all. It's on 35th street just off 5th Avenue. It was the heart of everthing. Getting to times square was only a 15 minutes stroll away. We had a fantastic time and wouln't hesitate in recommending this hotel to family and friends. Staff were very helpfull and as I said before the hotel was spotless.	
Sep 11 2009 	Second Stay and would choose this hotel over and over - fab!	My husband and I stayed at the Metro in Oct 2005 and couldn't believe what an excellent choice we'd made then.My cousin and her husband wanted to go to NYC this year and asked us to go along. She searched many hotels, as I had, but wasn't sure which to choose but as we had nothing but praise for the Metro we decided to book it.If there was once less positive point it was that through contacting the hotel and trying to book directly it would have cost us about £200 more than booking through Trailfinders.This hotel is in the most perfect location - step out and go left then right (1min) and you're at the Empire State building or step out and turn right then left and you're at Macy's (1min) or turn right and then right again and keep going for 10mins and you're in Time Square!We plan to return in 3 years and if we stay in Midtown again I would definitely stay the the Metro again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Mixed Views on this hotel	Just come back from 5 nights there with my mother. I had paid extra for a superior room and had originally suppost to be going there with my fiance so had tried to change it to a twin room instead. When we arrived it was a very small double bedded room. Looking out at a brick wall. Not what i would expect for a superior room. I am aware that rooms in new york are small but it was not worth the extra money. Also the air conditioning didnt work and neither did the safe. After complaining at reception - getting absolutely nowhere with a rather rude women on reception we were told to check first thing the next morning. So after doing that we were told to take our case downstairs and would be moved to another room that day. This time it was a larger room - again a double bed - there were no twin rooms apparently - however at least the air conditioning unit worked and we had kinda a view. The rest of the hotel was ok. The breakfast was ok.Our only other complaint was the gentlemen who was the &quot;bouncer&quot; type on the rooftop garden. He was very rude. Asked me why I wanted to sit there reading my book. Got me into trouble another time for moving a chair from one table to another one. Shouted at my mother for putting her very swollen feet (she is suffering from a illness) on the side of a table. So agree with another person on here and their comments. Not a nice guy!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Beware - You may not get the room type you reserve	We booked a double, checked in early, and were given a twin room, which literally looked like a make-shift room with 2 roll-away beds. When we informed the front desk staff of the errror, they were unable to do anything since the &quot;reservation manager&quot; was off duty until the following morning. When we asked for some kind of compensation, again this had to be handled by the reservations manager. The next morning, we spoke to the reservations manager, who concurred that the hotel was in error but he was unable to help us because the situation needed to be handled to some kind of central reservations department. I was assured that they would call me within the next 24 hours, but, as suspected, we weren't called and were never credited for the lesser-quality room. Although this hotel is in a good location, BEWARE...you may get a lesser-quality room than paid for and the front desk staff is far from adequate at rectifying any problems.	
Sep 3 2009 	In The Middle of It All	This hotel made this trip so much better than it could of been. It was the cheapest hotel that we looked at however from the sounds of things, it is one of the best hotels in New York. For what you pay you really do get a lot. As soon as you walk into the foyer, you're greated by a lovely atmosphere. The receptionist was very helpful, and offered straight away to book tours and trips for us. When we got there at about 1.30pm, only one of rooms was ready, we did know that there was a chance, due to the fact that check in is usually 3 o'clock. We had a Queen Room and a Twin Room. The queen room was a little on the small side, the bed took up most of the room, however it was enough room to put two large suitcases. The twin room was huge, we spent most of our time in this room as it was the bigger of the two. The rooms were very nosy at night, but as I kept on telling the rest of my family, it is New York so it's expected. When my mum complained however, they wern't really willing to move us. The continetal breakfast was amazing, you will find bread, yoghurt, fruit, bagels, crossiants and cereal. If you want anything toasted, then you will have great fun queuing up for the 1 machine in the corner, which toasts or burns your food, it really is a 50/50 chance you will get a burnt crossiant. The rooftop terrace is gorgeous, amazing views, but becareful not to take up any water, we took up a bottle, filled with their own tap water, and they made us put it away because they sold it at the bar. I again remind you that we were in the middle of a heat wave almost, and found this quite rude. We were also told, that because me and my sister were under the age of 21, we couldn't approach the bar. So, we're not allowed to drink our own water, but we're not allowed to approach the bar. We didn't last long up there, other than taking a few pictures. The location is what makes this hotel amazing, when they say the empire state building and Macy's are close buy, they're not lying. Macy's is about half a block to the right, and after shopping you can sit in the lovely Herald Sq Park which is outside of Macys. Empire State is half a block to the left and a few blocks down. I was expecting times square to be a little closer, as we went with a disabled person it did become a little too much for her. We entered the Metro Grill on our last night there, and ended up walking out after 5 minutes, nothing on the menu we would like and the prices were just a little too expensive for us, and considering I had heard they put on a 20% tip on the bill in return for bad service. Subway is across the road however, McDonalds is aroudn the corner, as is this lovely little deli. Overall, a brilliant hotel, one that I would really recommend. The staff were brilliant, other than the man on the rooftop terrace, and the rooms were a good size. I think the shower in the Queen room could have been a bit bigger, I had trouble using the shower, and there was barely any room to move away from the scolding water.	
Sep 1 2009 	Loved this place	cant really say anything more to compliment this hotel than whats allready been said, we found all the staff to be excellent from the cleaners,dining room staff,reception to the doormen, allways was helpful and made our stay there most pleasanteven when i stupidily locked my valuables in the safe without first reading the instructions on how to reset the safe number; when the instructions was clearly on the desk (yes im a man)was no trouble for the staff what so ever (even if they did think what a &quot;@#%!&quot;)happy smiles and says no trouble sirthe rooms are small but cosy, but be honest how long are you going to spend in them anyway with a beautiful roof top terrace to sit i would return to new york and would stay here everytime	
Aug 30 2009 	Two room suite was great for a six day stay	We stayed six nights in a two room suite with our twenty-something daughter and her boyfriend. Rooms were large and very quiet for being in the midst of a busy area. The beds were comfortable and the A/C worked well - blessed relief since it was very hot and muggy during our stay. The breakfast was varied and quick. There was one small bathroom for the two rooms, but there were two sinks, one next to the shower and the other in a dressing area.Staff were exceptionally polite and helpful. The location is near shopping, Times Square and many other places to visit are an easy walk. It is also less than a block from a major subway hub. Taxis were always out front as well. Altogether it was a fine hotel from which to base a visit to New York City. We recommend it highly.	
Aug 30 2009 	A real gem of a hotel	Me and my girlfriend recently stayed at this hotel and we loved it ,the hotel is lovely inside and the room we stayed in was excellent , very nice bathroom and air con etc .The hotel has taken on a 50,s art deco theme we both thought the place was amazing.The hotel is very close to the empire state building and times square ,its right in the middle of manhatton which is a perfect location for sight seeing.The hotel also boasts a rooftop bar which we found excellent with a perfect view of the empire state at night. The staff were very helpful and pointed us in the right direction easily. All in all i would deffinitly stay in this hotel again and we have already planned the next date to stay here.	
Aug 29 2009 	Lovely Hotel	This is our second trip to New York and we chose this hotel for its central location. It is a ten minute walk from Times Square and one block from the Empire State Building. On arrival staff were friendly and efficient. The rooms were big enough and the air con was much needed!! Breakfast had plenty of choice; bagels, muffins, yogurts, cheese etc 24 hour tea and coffee available. Rooms were cleaned to a good standard every day. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location - Good Hotel!	My Fiancée and I stayed here for 4 nights (Jul 2009) as part of a month adventure around the USA.My favourite things about Hotel Metro were: Location and Rooftop Bar. The hotel is situated one block from the Empire State Building and 1 subway stop from Times Square (subway entrance and the end of the street). The roof top bar offers great view of the Empire State Building (day and night) and is a great place to relax after a day in the city. (Although the drinks are a little pricy).We found the room was comfortable and (like in most NYC hotels) quite small. It had everything we needed: Flat Screen TV, Telephone, Cable TV, Air-Con, Safe, etc.... The bed was quite comfortable and the bathroom was nice and clean. Also, the hotel breakfast (included in our rate) was a great way to start the day (as well as save some money). Offering things like: bagels, pastries, cereal, juice, coffee, etc...All in all, a decent place to stay. The only thing I though was weak about the hotel was the Concierge (or lack of) and the local information from the staff.PS: Also had a good fitness centre and free internet access.	
Aug 20 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL FANTASTIC LOCATION	What a place!!!! The hotel was excellent, rooms very clean and well decorated, the staff were helpful and unobtrusive, the room service was fantastic, the gym very well equipped and the roof top bar amazing. The location was the best - Macys down the road, times sqaure within walking distance, subway at end of street. Fanastic hotel an an amazing city, will definately stay here on our next trip to New York.	
Aug 11 2009 	Disappointing	We visited New York as a special treat for my mum's 70th birthday. Despite me emailing the hotel in advance to let them know this, and the booking including all of our names, they didn't make any attempt to keep our party together, or to acknowledge the occasion.Our rooms weren't ready when we arrived. They tried to put us on separate floors, and only gave us rooms near each other when we protested.The rooms were small and ours was incredibly noisy.It was extremely cold, too, but we couldn't sleep with the heater on as it was too noisy.We didn't bother trying to get moved as we were on such a tight schedule, we didn't want to waste time hanging around or shifting our stuff.Finally, the hotel was a little out of the way - next time I'll book one closer to Times Square.I picked this hotel because it was supposed to be of 1930s design and I knew my mum would love that. But it wasn't as special as I'd hoped.Disappointing.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice enough hotel great location	The hotel is in a great location and is fairly good value for money (for New York at least). The rooms are more spacious than in other similarly-priced rooms in NYC, and though they are slightly dated (or retro, depending on your perspective), they are nice enough. The roof terrace is excellent and the bar downstairs is nice too. The staff are friendly and helpful as well. And - for Europeans used to this sort of thing in most hotels - the hotel offers free tea and coffee facilities 24hrs. The continental breakfast is fairly nice too.	
Aug 8 2009 	We'd stay again tomorrow	On arrival our room wasnt ready and the lady at reception was a bit grumpy but offered us free tea and coffee while we waited. We got in our room 20mins later and it was exactly what we expected. Everything we needed for an exhausting holiday in new york (a bed, shower, mini bar, safe and air conditioning)The room was very clean and the maid service was very good! Our room was a bit noisey but nothing that kept us awake after a long hard day of walking the streets of NYC.Breakfast was fab! 10 different choices of bagels, bread for toast, cereal, lots of muffin choices and pastries, philly for your bagels, jam, fruit, orange and apple juice, tea and coffee. It didnt matter what time we went down, early or late, always a seat and lots of breakfast constantly re-stocked! A fantastic bonus!Roof top terrace had some fantastic views but we only spent 20mins up there our whole stay as we didnt have time! The hotel restraunt was a bit expensive but served some good choices, again we only ate there once!We didnt have a credit card so had to leave a 250 dollar deposit for our room but we were prepared for this to happen. The hotel is in a fantastic location and we walked evrywhere in our five days stay! Be prepared for sore feet! I wish i'd have taken trainers (and I never wear trainers!!) Overall desk staff could have been more friendly but we werent there to make friends! Fantastic place to stay and we would stay again tomorrow if we could!	
Aug 2 2009 	Unbeatable location	Excelent hotel, worth the value in every sense: location, service and comfort.	
Aug 1 2009 	Just what we wanted	We stayed for 3 nights in a family room with our teenager. We got exactly what we were hoping for --- a good location close to the action (without being too noisy) and enough lodging space for the 3 of us to comfortably spread out. It was just right! We also got an unexpected bonus of exceptionally helpful staff at registration. We got great advice on NYC activities and had a great time in the city. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 1 2009 	great	Perfect location Good size and clean roomMorning staff is incredible. The door man had tons of great tips. Evening staff is typical NY friendly.Will return.	
Jul 27 2009 	The bartender gave herself an extra tip on my credit card.	I stayed in this hotel 9 years ago. The staff was less than friendly then but we wanted to relive the experience so we booked it again. The room was TINY. When we opened the door the bed was immediately infront of us, it took up the entire room. I thought it was a joke because our room before had not been this small. We requested a new room but it was also just as small. The staff was rude. The bartender gave herself an extra tip on our credit card. The location was nice but with so many other hotels in the same area I will not be going back to Hotel Metro.	
Jul 26 2009 	A great place to stay in Manhattan	Our family (2 adults and 2 teenagers) stayed here in early December 08. We had a good-sized apartment - separate bedroom for us and the large living/2nd bedroom, with 2 double beds and a view of the Empire State Building. The bathroom was a decent size and the kitchenette was basic, but fine. Not so keen on the 'mini-bar' situation - as we couldn't put any thing of ours in the fridge without moving things and then setting off the triggers and racking up a bill. However it was almost Winter so not really a problem. We found the staff polite and helpful, and we made good use of the free computer access. Breakfast was basic but good and filling and the Grill made beautiful meals. Loved the location, close to Macy's, Empire State Building, and subway stations - just what we wanted for our first trip to New York - to be right in the middle of Manhattan. I was surprised that I would feel so comfortable in a hotel - I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Superb Midtown location with easy access to all landmarks	The location of Hotel Metro simply could not be bettered - one street away from the Empire State Building, a minute's walk to Macy's, and an easy stroll to Times Square and the shops of Fifth Avenue. The 34th Street/Herald Square subway station is at the end of the road making trips to Central Park, the Upper East Side and Financial District very easy indeed.The hotel itself has an 'Old Hollywood' theme, with the lobby decorated in an Art Deco style with film posters on the wall. Admittedly, the decor was rather tired-looking, but renovations were underway and many of these had been completed by the end of our five nights there. As has been mentioned, the rooms are small - that said, this is New York: why on earth would you be spending time in your room other than to sleep? And they're really not that small, anyway. Rooms at the back of the hotel are surprisingly quiet given the hotel's proximity to main thoroughfares.The buffet breakfast is plentiful and filling, and tea and coffee are available 24 hours a day from the breakfast room (but the tea is Lipton, so those of you who like a good English brew might want to bring your own. Just saying). The staff are efficient and friendly and it was easy to book a shuttle bus back to JFK on our departure. Free wireless internet access is also a bonus and very useful for online check-in for flights.Overall, this was an excellent-value hotel in the ideal location for first-time visitors wishing to sightsee. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to others and will absolutely consider staying there the next time we visit NYC.	
Jul 21 2009 	I will defintely stay again	It is centrally located..... clean motel. Service was great.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location the rest...	I would recommend this hotel if you want to be in a goot location. The hotel is only 10 min away from Times Square. The street in which the hotel is located is not that busy, so there's not a lot of noise at night.But there are downsides.The staff at the reception was not really friendly. Our welcoming was short and we didn't get a lot of information. Our room was rather small, but clean. There's a safe in the room for free.Yes, there's breakfast included in the price. But I found this very disappointing. Not a lot of choice, the dining room is not cosy and there's not enough space and you have to eat on plastic plates (!!)I would therefore recommend to take your breakfast outside the hotel. You have a lot more choice and it is not that expensive.There' s a rooftop terrace with great views of the empire state building. Next to the terrace, there's a gym. But we didn't have the time to go there.I booked this hotel with a promotion. So after all, I got value for my money because of the location. With a promotion, I would book this hotel again, otherwise I wouldn't.	
Jul 12 2009 	Ideal location	My family (parents, sisters &amp; fiance) stayed at Hotel Metro for 5 nights in June. We had an amazing time! The hotel is ideally positioned for all the major sites. It sits on W35th St between 5th &amp; 6th - very near Macy's (1 min walk) and many other high street stores (Gap, JC Penney, Victorias Secret, Old Navy, Footlocker to name but a few) - a walk in the other direction brings you to Saks, Lord &amp; Taylor and all the more upmarket stores of 5th Ave in approx. 5-10mins. Times Square is an easy 10 min stroll. On the next street is the entrance to the Empire State and from here you can pick up a tour bus for the uptown &amp; downtown tours. As for the hotel itself, we were very pleased with the choice that we had made, it is pricey for a comparable hotel in the UK but it is New York! The room we had was right at the elevator, we worried that this might mean noise but no, all guests were very well behaved and all we had was the occassional footstep. The room itself was fine size wise, although this was the biggest of the 3 rooms we had. There was no view as we looked to the inside of the hotel, however my sisters had a room to the front with a view of the Empire State. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - any request we had was dealt with promptly. Breakfast is included which is an advantage - the breakfast room can get quite busy however we never found a problem obtaining a seat. There is a rooftop bar, we did not use this much, however on a Friday evening its very popular and busy with non-residents. We never ate in the Metro grill and have read mixed reviews of it, there is a happy hour in the bar on a daily basis. The gm is small but all equipment is well maintained and adequate for a quick workout in the morning. Would I stay at this hotel again? Yes definately!	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect for last minute!	Booked this last minute for a concert at the Nokia and got GREAT rates. Nothing fancy but clean, convenient to subway and Midtown and all our stuff was safe. Free internet stores and stands close by, no complaints.	
Jul 2 2009 	super hotel	this was my daughters first visit to NYC and indeed the USA. I asked for a nice room but commented that my daughter was a smoker.They gave us a room on the 11th floof,one level below the roof terrace where she could smoke. The room was beautiful,spacious with huge windows,and a good sized bathroom.We were at the back of the hotel which was noisy on the Friday night due to loading trucks etc.the fridge was full of expensive hotel stuff so we didn't use it. The staff were all friendly and very helpful especially the doorman, Matthew. The roof terrace with its amazing view of the Empire State building was a bonus. We loved the decor of this hotel and its general ambience.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Hotel - would highly recommend	This is my 2nd stay at this hotel and i would go back here again and again. Excellent location between macy and empire state building. Nice clean rooms not too small.Friendly staff. Free breakfast -be it basic (bagels, coffee, muffins cerals etc) The best thing for us was the roof top bar which had a fantastic view of the empire state building (only wish we'd had more time to enjoy it). All this and very good price for New York.	
Jun 12 2009 	METRO HOTEL ONE OF THE BEST IN NEW YORK	The service was very good in the hotel from all the staff , especially the doorman is very helpful and knowledgable. The room was clean with air con, heater, with fresh towels, tea &amp;coffee 24 hours, breakfast is nice, free interent access, iron, toiletries, there is lots of places to eat around such has a pizza place few doors down very fresh and big slices. there is a subway . than around empire state bulding there is macdonalds, burger king, wendys. if u fancy an indian than u can go to little india the whole street has indian restaurants , taj mahal is a nice restaurant for ten dollars u get a set meal. I liked everything about New York . Natural History museum, central park, central park zoo, united nations, circle cruise, brooklyn night tour, ellis Island , statue of liberty, empire state building, regal cinema in time square, madam tussards. use the hop of hop off bus the blue buses where good i managed to make a deal of $86 dollars for 5 days instead of 3 days including several free tours. This was the best holiday i have ever had lots to eat and lots to see. I would go back again	
Jun 9 2009 	Great friendly hotel in excellent central location	I have just come back from a fantastic 5 night stay at this hotel. This is my first visit to this hotel with my partner.The hotel is small and very friendly and upon arrival at the hotel we were made to feel very welcome and given lots of information about the City.The rooms were very small but also very clean and we had clean towels and bed linen everyday.The breakfast was a nice added bonus as most hotels are room only.It is important to bear in mind that the rooms are very basic and were very small we were surprised at how small they are but we were both so tired most evenings as there is so much to see and do and lots of walking this did not spoil our holiday.We had a room on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel and I would recommend to any guest to ask for a room on the back as we were not effected by noise as we had been warned of the noise at night from traffic etc..My only grumble was the very uncomfortable hard beds this is because me and my partner both have bad backs so we could not get comfortable. A fridge would have been handy as it is cheaper to stock up on drinks and snacks at a supermarket rather than the mini-bar.I would definitely stay at this hotel again as the location was brillant if you turn right out of the hotel about 5 monutes walk you have Macys and about a 10 minute walk to Time Square. Also very close by was the Empire State. I did not go up this but there was a brillant 2 day bus tour that the hotel offer which includes a boat trip to see the Statue of Liberty and also entry to the Rockfellar centre - well worth the money and I would highly recommend.One further tip for first time NYC holidaymakers is that make use of the free internet facility as we had to check in online going home which is all new to us and also make use of the 24 hour free tea and coffee in the dining room area.NYC is a faboulous place for lots of sightseeing and shopping, go to Woodbury Common for cheaper designer clothes you will need a suitcase to bring everything you like home.Also there is a great Pizza place off of Time Square called John's Pizzeria (ask the hotel staff) very large pizzas and very nice to eat..Hope you all enjoy..	
Jun 8 2009 	A very good hotel choice	My wife and I have recently returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Metro New York. The hotel is ideally located between 5th and 6th Avenues and situated on 35th street. For those of you not familiar with Manhattan, the Island is structured in such a way that it is easy to navigate. The avenues run North to South and the streets East to West. With the subway at Herald square being literally a minute’s walk away, you can easily and efficiently get around with no fuss at all.The hotel itself has a contemporary feel to it and the rooms are comfortable and well designed. The continental breakfasts are a nice addition and you can stock up on the fruit to give you a good start to the day. The rooftop bar is a great feature and is well worth a visit to chill out and check out the views. However the prices are not the cheapest so beware. We found the hotel staff to be pleasant and informative and we used the recommended airport shuttle bus company for our departure back to Newark airport.We never got round to dining at the hotel’s grill bar as the choice on offer elsewhere is vast and more reasonably priced. For eating out and drinks, we tried a variety of locations. Little India, Chinatown and Little Italy are well worth a visit and we found the subway to be safe even late at night.	
May 31 2009 	Looked forward to coming back everyday	Breakfast fantastic perk as many hotels don't have this. Self service and included: yoghurt, bagels, muffins, cereal, fruit salad, coffee ,juice, toast etc. Plastic crockery but great. Can help yourself to coffee and tea throughout the day and night. Could use internet for free on second floor (2 computers). Staff friendly. Fresh towels and beautifully made bed everyday. Room was big (see pics) - in disabled room. Not much natural light due to looking inwards onto rest of hotel but not a problem. Looked forward to coming back here every afternoon! Very central and subway stone-throw.	
May 26 2009 	Shame about the service	This hotel is in a fantastic location between 5th and 6th avenues in midtown. The hotel is less than a block from the Empire State Building and you have to visit the roof bar of the hotel to see the view of the Empire State Building. The rooms are fine, nothing outstanding but clean and functional. There are a few nice resturants and bars close by (Brandon's opposite the hotel is outstanding) and Macy's is at the end of the street. The only complaint I had about the hotel was the staff. On our first night there we got stuck in the elevator with several other guests. The desk clerk on duty was irritatedand rude when we rang the alarm, he was not helpful at all. When we complained the next day the hotel manager didn't see what our problem was and refused to hear any complaints. Aside from the service issue this is a great base to explore the city.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a great location!	The Metro Hotel is located on the next street to the Empire State Building with superb views from the rooftop terrace. The location was very central to all transport links and major sights. Macy's Department Store is also at the end of the street.The hotel itself was very clean and the staff were extremely friendly and welcoming. Our room was very spacious and always clean. The biggest benefit to staying in this hotel is that breakfast is included. The choice of food is plentiful and very fresh.	
May 14 2009 	Great location good hotel	We stayed in the Hotel Metro for five nights on our first trip to NYC.The location is fantastic- within walking distance from the Empire State, Macy's, Times Square and several subway stations.We booked a standard room which was fine for two of us with all the amenities you need, including hair drier, ipod dock, TV etc. Bathroom is clean and well stocked with toiletries. We were also pleasantly surprised by the fact that our sheets and towels were changed every day by the maid.We were on the fifth floor at the back of the hotel which overlooked a road and a building site. It was very noisy at night but we fully expected it to be- this is New York after all!The hotel itself is very pleasant, particularly the lobby and breakfast room which have a very warm and welcoming feel. Frank Sinatra music is also being piped out almost constantly, creating a very old New York atmosphere!The complimentary continental breakfast is excellent (toast, cereal, granola, pastries, muffins, assorted bagels, jams, yogurts, cheeses, fruit), although the earlier you go the busier it can get. Unlike previous reviewers on here, we found the selection to be wide and there was plenty of food available even when we came down to breakfast late one morning. The free tea and coffee which is available throughout the day and evening is also a bonus.We ate in the hotel restaurant, the Metro Grill on a couple of nights which was fine and is very convenient when you've been out all day and come back late and tired. It may be a little more expensive than other places but unless you want to catch a cab/subway somewhere or eat fast food, decent places for dinner nearby the hotel are few and far between.The roof garden bar is also an added bonus. It is expensive and can get very busy at night but there's a fantastic view of the Empire State building and it's a great place to take photos.Our trip was unfortunately marred by the fact that on the saturday night before we were due to leave we were both struck by severe food poisoning. The only thing we had both eaten was a sandwich we had shared from a deli at the end of the road. Although the hotel by and large were accomodating, one member of staff was very difficult and unhelpful during this experience.We were both so ill we were unable to leave our room or take our airport transfer for our flight home. We rang down to reception to inform them of this and to arrange to stay at the hotel for another night, which they were fine about and gave us a good rate. However, when we asked to see a doctor the man on reception told us this wasn't a good idea and said he would instead get us a cab to go to the medical centre. He seemed to have a real issue with getting a doctor to come to the hotel and wouldn't accept that neither of us could get out of bed let alone get in a cab. Later when I rang downstairs to ask for some water to be sent to our room, the same man told us this wasn't possible as the restaurant wouldn't be open for another half an hour and that I would have to come downstairs to get some then. He also said he needed me to come to the front desk to sign a piece of paper confirming we would be staying another night- again he couldn't seem to appreciate that neither of us could venture away from our bathroom! Having rang to see a doctor at eleven in the morning, we were eventually visited at half past ten at night.This was just a very unfortunate turn of events and it certainly didn't put us off the hotel. The next day a different member of staff was on shift and was very helpful in rearranging transfers for us and sorting out our bill. Despite our last day, we had a fantastic time in NYC and will certainly be going back and would gladly stay at this hotel again- although I think we'll be avoiding any delis!	
May 14 2009 	Good Location	Hotel Metro was in a good location, one block away from Macys. Great views of the Empire State Building at night from the roof terrace. Good selection of breakfast items, which are included in the price of the room.	
May 10 2009 	Pretty Good!	We booked from our base in Australia based on the reviews on Tripadvisor.The location is fantastic as others say with some big draw-cards very nearby the hotel. The breakfast is great (and free) but although it's continental, i wouldn't agree with the &quot;limited&quot; tag others have given it as it provides fruit, cereal, toast, bagels, danish, juice, coffee, tea, yogurt, cheese etc etc!The free internet in the business room is a bonus, if you have time that is, to check in on :)The hallway to our room was a bit grubby but that's not the housekeepers fault, it just needs a face-lift. The hallways were not at all representative of the lovely (big) rooms and good sized bathroom. We had room 1010 which was a higher floor (less noise) and view of the Empire State Building.The lifts weren't that slow as others have said!!I asked the receptionist to call &amp; confirm our transfer but I got the feeling i shouldn't have...well i was told it was a switch board and they can't tie up the phones that long. Admittedly the call was on hold for a while (probably 5 minutes) but I thought this was a bit rude as there were other lines i thought into the hotel and i thought this would have been a service they'd provide as others have on this trip. Actually other hotels offered to call our transfers for us. The housekeepers really do a wonderful job. Our rooms were always clean to great detail. Also - the shampoo &amp; conditioners in the bathrooms are fantastic!!!We would stay here again on our next trip to NYC because the rooms are great, breaky is free and plentiful and the location can't be beat.	
May 4 2009 	Spring break to New York	We spent a week in New York at the Metro during late April 2009. We picked a great week as the temperatures were in the high 80's. This Hotel on paper looked ideal for us great position / value with a decided retro New York look and a bar/grill to the side. Our overall impression was just this and it matched all our expectations. Our only gripe was the excellent buffet breakfasts could turn a bit chaotic and messy.	
May 3 2009 	All Round Fab Hotel :D	I stayed at The Hotel Metro from April 28th - May 2nd with my Mom &amp; her Friend on our first trip to New York and we would all agreed that we would definately use The Hotel Metro on our next visit! A break down of our experience follows...Rooms: The rooms were a good size with basic decor, they were very clean &amp; had large windows which I love. There was an alarm clock with a docking station if you have an IPod, mini bar, iron, hairdryer etc which alot of hotels dont supply so it made it a very comfortable stay. Also the duvet &amp; pillows were very comfortable. (One thing I will mention is to maybe not sleep with the window open during the night as I got bitten a few times on my legs!)Amenities: The breakfast was great ! It was available from 6:30 - 11am. It included fresh coffee &amp; juices, there was a choice of fruit, yogurts, bagels, toast, muffins, croissants &amp; cereals. The coffee was also available to guests 24/7 I believe which was nice after a long days walking &amp; sightseeing ! (We found it hard to get a decent coffee in NY suprisingly - Starbucks being the worst!) The only negative thing I would say is that it does get quite busy downstairs in the eating room &amp; some of the eating areas are sofas &amp; coffee tables which are awkward to eat off. But your allowed to take food to your room if you prefer.Service/Staff: They were great, can't fault them :) There is always someone on the desk &amp; they helped us book tours, told us where we could catch the coaches from, arranged transport back to airport etc. They were also very friendly, including the cleaners.Location: FAB! You are literally a walk down to the end of the road from a subway station &amp; across the road is Macy's, right above you is the Empire State &amp; it also brings you straight onto Broadway which is ideal for alot of locations such as tour pick-ups/drop-offs, Times Square, 5th &amp; 6th Av etc. The only thing I found is that it was quite noisy some nights, I'm not sure if it was sirens or the rubbish lorries but whatever it was it woke me a couple of times, again this may be because I slept with the window open &amp; I guess NYC is just a busy city !Overall a great hotel &amp; I would definately come back again, I think the location &amp; breakfast sold it for me :)	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Hotel for Manhattan - Avoid Metro Grill Bar	As other reviewers have said this is an excellent midtown location with easy access to Penn Station (quick &amp; cheap LIRR / AirTrain link to JFK) and the 34th and 33rd Street metro stations (for uptown/downtown Manhattan). Our room (Sup Queen) was small but quiet, clean &amp; with a firm bed. The even smaller bathroom had a tiny bath but an excellent power shower (care is required as the temp control very sensitive - a slight touch goes from freezing cold to boiling hot in a second). The complimentary continental breakfast (standard of food &amp; drinks OK) is let down by the use of paper cups, plastic plates and utensils.We had little direct contact with the hotel staff but they seemed polite and efficient. However, I would say avoid the Metro Grill Bar - the service is poor (they serve multiple clients at one time and emphasize speed over customer service), we were told that the gratuity was compulsory and the bar staff refused to remove it from the bill. And the prices are shocking; you expect a little more civility at these prices. (Our favorite bars were in Bleeker St in the West Village - the Brooklyn IPA was very nice).In summary, this is a good base for exploring New York but not a hotel to spend much time in otherwise.	
Apr 21 2009 	Impressed!	We stayed 5th April to 12th April, 8th Floor, in a Family Room. It is difficult to find any major areas of complaint. Only two: restaurant in the morning could be overflowing at around 8.30/9am. We would have liked more closet space for the four adults who made up our party. These two apart, that's all I can think about!Front desk were very welcoming and efficient. Rooms are spacious, well maintained and kept very clean during our visit. Hotel staff was always helpful particularly about getting to the tourist spots around the city and changing our traveller cheques.Although breakfast is “continental” I must admit it was a lot better than I expected. The choice included Fruit Juice, Coffee or Tea, several cereals, yogurts, toast, bagels and muffins along with fruit, butter, jams and cheeses. Coffee or tea is available 24/7.As a base for visiting NYC it is ideal. it is very central with a subway about 100 yards away. Macy’s, Times Square, 5th Avenue, etc, and of course, the Empire State Building, are all very close.Would I go back to the Metro when (rather than if!) I return to New York? Yes!Slightly off the point. Some people think New Yorkers are unfriendly, rude, unhelpful, etc. Well, we didn't find that. In fact, the exact opposite. On several occasions, without asking, we were given advice in a friendly and pleasing manner. Thank you New Yorkers!	
Apr 21 2009 	A good value hotel that did not disappoint	My partner and I stayed at the Metro for five nights in April 2009, and was very impressed with the Metro. We were in a superior Queen double room, which although a bit small, was clean and very comfortable. The complimentary breakfasts were appreciated, and it was good to have tea and coffee facilities available 24/7. Would stay at the Metro again.	
Apr 19 2009 	Brilliant little Art Deco jewel	Loved our time here - great staff, great views of the Empire State building from the top floor, great (free!!) breakfast, tea and coffe on tap 24/7, lovely rooms: perfect little place. We can't recommend it highly enough! If you're off to New York and can stay here, DO!!	
Apr 19 2009 	good hotelgood loaction	we have styed at this hotel a couple of times. It is located on 35th street just off 5th Avenue, 2 mins walk from the Empire State Building. The street is relatively quiet compared to other streets in New York. Location is ideal, pretty much in the middle of Manhatten (macy's is just round the corner), cabs can be hailed easily from outside the hotel. The hotel has an art deco style and some rooms are a little bit dated. The rooms are Ok verything works etc, quite small but this is usual for hotels in new york. Breakfast is provided which consisits of bagels, pastries, cereal tea coffee etc which is good enough to get you started before starting on your day in NYC. Staff are helpful and friendly. Price is very good, we booked direct with the hotel and was much cheaper than anything else we could find in Manhatten. The rooftop bar is well worth checking out if its open!	
Apr 14 2009 	Ideal Family room with two seperate bedrooms	We stayed at the Hotel Metro from the 8th to the 12th of April 09 and were very impressed. We had to find somewhere with two bedrooms and the Hotel Metro came up trumps.Both bedrooms were spacious, there was a closet with a safe, a small area which incuded a sink and mini bar and the bathroom with bath / shower. The shower was fantastic, absolutely red hot.The hotel location is good, 10 min walking to Times Sq and Penn Station, 1 block to the ESB, there is a subway station nearby, and Macey's is only a short walk to the west with 5th avenue to the east.A simple but adequate breakfast is included and tea and coffee available all day, with a pleasant lounge to relax in.There is an attached Bar and Grill and although we didn't eat there we often started the night with a drink at the Bar.The roof terrace gives a great vew of the ESB and has a bar area that although still closed would be a great place for a drink or two in summer.Overall we were very impressed and the Sinatra era music playing in the lounge made my mum-in-law feel right at home...	
Apr 10 2009 	Metro Hotel great location friendly staff	We stayed for 5 nights at the end of March. Comfy rooms, small shower room but everything you need. Breakfast was an added bonus, plenty of choice and great to have tea and coffee available all day free. Great location, just a few yards from the subway, great view of the Empire State Building and within walkin distance of Central Park, TOTR, Times Square, Flatiron Building.	
Apr 5 2009 	Incredible location not that much else.	I stayed at the Hotel Metro on vacation with my wife. I chose it because of the central location and it truly has a fantastic location. It provides pretty easy walking access to some of the shopping areas, times square, empire state building, and is very close to bus stops and the subway (I guess that may be the same for a lot of places).The room itself was very small. I expected that in NYC, but was surprised that a place of this price was so small and poorly organized. The staff wasn't particularly helpful or friendly.The rooftop area was pretty cool and had a nice view of the empire state building and macys. It was a nice place to hang out and have a drink.	
Apr 1 2009 	Ideal Location	Very friendly and helpful staff.Good central position for everything.Free tea and coffee all day in comfortable lounge.Europeans Beware: Bar Staff award themselves tips of 18% of your bill, in return for a poor service, and short measures of drinks.	
Mar 24 2009 	Close to all the action	I said at HOTEL METRO from 16 -23rd of March 2009 with my boyfriend. Our main reasons for going to New York was for shopping &amp; sight seeing. Was immediately impressed with the decore of the interior. We had a room on the 9th floor, room was huge, it was a superior queen room, spacious, bright &amp; pleasantly decorated. The shower room was small, but the shower was a double shower. Our room looked out on to a building site, but as we were out all day we werent bothered by the noise &amp; even when we were in the room, the noise wasnt that loud. Breakfast was exceptional! There was a variety of cereals, muffins, bagels, yogurts, breads, juices, tea/coffee etc. You were sure to be full up for a day of shopping. Complimentary copy of &quot;The New York Times&quot; was an additional bonus.Hotel is located within walking distance of macys (just across the road) herald st subway (at the end of the block), where its possible to get to East Broadway, which is only one block from canal st, great value at $4 return. Penn station is only about 2 blocks away, port authority bus terminal is about 10 mins walk away, which has bus' (313 or 310) going to woodbury common outlet centre for $40 return (approx 1hr away), bus to jersey gardens outlet centre (111 0r 115 nearly every half hour)can also be purchased here for €10.50 return, its about a half hour drive away. Taxi from port authority to the metro hotel is approx. 5$ but this doesnt include a tip. Time square is also only about 10 mins walk away. The empire state building is only around the corner. The rooftop allows for greating photos to be taken of the esb. There is free wifi in the bedrooms, along with a business centre which has 2 computers &amp; printer. We found this great to uptodate info on bus times, sites etc.There is free tea/coffee available all day from the breakfast lounge, this is a delight after a hard days shopping :) There is just sooo much to c and do in new york, that comfi shoes are a most!I've been in new york before and if im lucky enough to go back, i'll definetly be staying in hotel metro, for the good value, service, closess proximity to everything.We stayed in room 911!!!!! I was a bit edging about this especially been in New York, but I have to say, the hotel comes highly recommended from me.PS If your looking to do something different but romantic in New York, I'd recommend going on a mini night cruise with &quot;world yacht&quot;.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel Reasonably priced.	I stayed at the Hotel Metro last year as it is near the Javitz Exhibition Centre and I really thought it was good value for money. I go to NY for business and cost is always a consideration. This hotel represents value for money.Breakfast is also great. You can fill up for the day on muffins, bagels, cereal, coffee, juice. Really good selection. The breakfast room is like a cosy lounge with big screens showing the news. Nice way to start the day.	
Mar 13 2009 	Central clean and good value for money	Stayed here for 5 nights in February 2009. Rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. For New York you cannot fault this hotel. The staff are very friendly and helpful. There is a very good continental breakfast in the morning. During the day there is constant supply of fresh coffee and tea in the lobby area. The location is perfect, only 300 metres from Macys and 5-10 minute walk from Times Square.	
Mar 11 2009	Metro Hotel New York	Went to New York mid Feb 09, Had fantastic time.Stayed at Hotel Metro West 35th Street. The hotel staff were excellent even though our travel agent had messed up our booking and hotel had no record of rooms booked for us they gave us a room for the 1st night untill we could contact our travel agents for them to provide confirmation that we were staying 3 nights. The hotel is very clean, rooms are nicely furnished, contental breakfast is provided. TV and shower in rooms, clean towels every day &amp; shampoo shower gel etc provided could not ask for more. This is the second time we have stayed there and would stay again next time in New York. Also Macey's department store is at end of street, 5th ave at other end, Empire state building in next street and Times Square only few blocks away good location for visiting lots of places	
Mar 11 2009 	In the middle of it all	We stayed at Hotel Metro for only two nights after traveling around US for three weeks. We were quite tired - and happy. The hotel is centrally located which is all the more important if you're only staying for a short time - no need to waste time going from one place to another. The room was spotlessly clean and bed good. We had a room with a view (ESB, if you stood in the corner of the room and craned your neck). Room was small, of course, but still bigger than usually in New York. There was some noise from the street at night but we were too tired to care about it. Our room was in 10th floor so I can imagine the noise is pretty bad if you're staying lower. Rooms have wireless internet connection for your laptop and there is a room with a couple of computers and printing facilities, which is great if you want to print out flight information as we did. Good breakfast, free newspapers... In European standards I think this hotel would be a three-star-hotel, not two.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good value for money	After searching through all the reviews i wasnt sure what to expect of the Metro, but i was pleasantly surprised on arrival. The hotel has a lovely boutique feel about it &amp; is in a good location - not far away from anything, with the subway just at the end of the road. The room was very small but clean &amp; warm (too warm) with no bath, just a powerful shower, although we did get fresh linen every day . The only down sides were the noise, as there is building work going on behind the hotel which goes on until late &amp; starts again early and the unhelpful receptionist Anna - who is very sarcastic. The breakfast was good too, more than enough to set you up until lunch time with plenty of choice but gets a bit busy around 8ish. Avoid the hotel 'bar &amp; grill' next door - slow service &amp; quite expensive. A good value for money stay but take your ear plugs and dont ask for any help from Anna!	
Mar 5 2009 	Best 30th birthday ever!!	My Boyfriend and I have just arrived back from a 5 day holiday in NYC. This was a present for my 30th Birthday and we spent a while checking reviews for good hotels. We eventually decided on the Hotel Metro from the good reviews it received. My boyfriend was a bit dissapointed when he looked at the photos people had added, but when we arrived he could not have been more surpised, the hotel was lovely, very clean, amazing location (2 minutes walk to Macys, 10 mins to time square, roof top view of empire state) Our room was perfect just the right size (the tv had a dodgy reception but who watches tv when they are in the city that never sleeps) the bathroom did not have a bath but the shower was perfect and the complimentary goodies in the bathroom were great ! the rooms were cleaned daily and the staff were very helpful and friendly (they even put a little card in my room and some choccies wishing me a happy birthday) The Complimentary breakfast is really nice and great to fill you up for a days sightseeing. One thing to remember this hotel is located very centrally and gets very noisy at night, bring your earplugs if you can't sleep through noise (my fella got woken at 4:50am by road diggers !!!) All in all though we couldnt have made a better choice and will recommend this hotel to anyone !	
Mar 5 2009 	Fabulous stay in NYC	Loved the hotel, great location, very clean, great sense of 1920's style, good plentiful breakfast, comfortable rooms.Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful - the breakfast bar staff, cleaning, door and maintenance staff were great. Unfortunately the same can''t be said about the Reception staff - what a miserable unhelpful lot they are e.g. brought one set of luggage down to store room and was asked if there was anymore to bring down to which we said yes, only to find they had cancelled the room keys so we couldn't get back in, so it was another trip to get them activated again. Macy's, subway, Grand Central, Empire State building, Public Library, Times Square, Bryant Park all within easy walking distance for great sightseeing and shopping !! Go to Chinatown for bargains !!	
Mar 3 2009 	Friendly with a fantastic location.	This was my 3rd. stay at the Hotel Metro for the weekend of Superbowl. I keep coming back for these reasons:1. Location. As other reviews have stated, you're beautifully central in Manhattan. You are also only a short walk from the Path train which can whisk you over to Hoboken for less than $2 a ride.2. Acommodation. Very high standards. Very clean rooms. Window mounted A/C can be noisy, but heats and cools well. TV's in both rooms (I had a suite). Quiet. View may be less than impressive, depending on the room.3. Staff. All friendly. Matt, the Consierge is a great guy, and a typical New Yorker. Nothing is too much trouble. Maybe as a Giants fan, we share a passion, but seriously, a quality meeter and greeter.4. Business Suite. Free internet and printing - which worked with no bother.This (like most good hotels in New York), is not a cheap place to stay. My suite was just over $1K for three nights, and I couldn't get them to discount it a dollar. Maybe the quality means they don't have to offer discounts!Will I go stay there again? Absolutely. Very well recommended.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great first impression of a hotel in NYC!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to NYC. What a wonderful experience!Our stay at Hotel Metro was more than we had anticipated. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We took a very early flight on Thursday morning from NC and arrived at Hotel Metro around 10am. Not only were we offered a hot cup of coffee and access to the breakfast bar, we were allowed to store our luggage at the hotel before our checkin so we could get started on our sightseeing. The daily continental breakfast was very good. The staff kept everything on the bar well stocked and very clean. The dining area and sitting area made for a really good atmosphere to relax while eating or just having a cup of coffee. Hot beverages are made available all day which was really great! Our room was cozy, clean and comfortable. It even had a closet! The bathroom was a little small but very clean and modern and the shower was very nice. We were allowed to use the computer in the business center to check our email and to print our boarding passes for our return trip home. We loved the location. It was very centrally located for Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza ( the TODAY SHOW), Grand Central Station, Madison Square Garden, The New York Public Library, Macy's, Penn Station and we were literally right around the corner from the Empire State Building. We stayed from Thursday Feb. 26 thru Sunday March 1. We checked out early on Sunday and we were again allowed to store our luggage at the Hotel while we took one last shopping trip down Broadway and around the city before our shuttle picked us up to take us to the airport. We enjoyed one last cup of coffee from the bar while we waited for our shuttle in the HOTEL METRO lobby.	
Mar 2 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	I have just today got back from New York and the Metro Hotel.We arrived at the hotel via a cab at about 2pm, the doorman was there to help us with our bags and check in was really fast.One thing though, the hotel needs a credit card info just incase you charge anything to the mini bar etc, i didnt have a credit card and neither did my friend, we only have Meastro cards which they dont accept, so we had to pay a cash deposit of $250, so its best to take your credit card if you have one.We were allocated room 604, the room was a decent size with 2 single beds as it was a twin room, the view outfront was awesome and i have added some photos onto here for you to see.The beds were comfy and changed daily, the room was also very clean and had a pretty decent sized TV.An electronic safe is in the room free of charge and the instructions are there on how to set it up.The bathroom was pretty small but its mainly because the shower is pretty large, you can only just get in the bathroom and manage to close the door behind you.The mini bar has a large selection of snacks and drinks but they are pretty expensive as are most mini bars, i would advise that if you need snacks and drinks there is a pharmacy on the corner of 5th Avenue and 34th street which is about a 2 minute walk from the hotel, and this sells everything you would need.Like most hotels in NYC there is the occasional siren or car noises that you can hear every night but i suppose there is no getting away from that.The hotel is in a perfect location, close to Times Square, Madison square Garden, Empire State building, 5th Avenue etc, it really is the perfect location.There is a gym on the top floor that is free for guests and also a rooftop garden where you can get one of the best views of the empire state building from anywhere in the city.There is also free WIFI access and you just need to ask for the username and password from the reception.Overall my stay at the Metro was a great one, very nice hotel and i would reccomend it for any of my friends, im going back to NYC in October, and its very likely that i will book here again.Enjoy it guys, i know i did.	
Feb 19 2009 	close to subway stop VERY clean fluffy towels excellent coffee	Located steps away from Macy's but far enough from Herald Square to be quiet at night. A 3-minute walk to the Empire State Building, 5 min to Bryant Park, about 15 minutes to Times Square. 1 minute walk to a N, Q, R, W subway stop, which made it easy to travel all over the city (particularly Union Square, for great shoe shopping, farmer's market, and Crumbs cupcakes). Helpful staff, OK breakfast, and good coffee in the lounge all day. The lounge itself was a pleasant place to rest between shopping and sightseeing expeditions. Free wireless works well, printer available in the business center, nice gym, cool view from the rooftop terrace (only open in the summer). Very nice shower, great towels and linens, Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. Super clean. Temperature in the room was easy to maintain at a comfortable level. Our room was quite large, too (we got a free upgrade by booking through hotels.com). Our only complaint were the extra-hard pillows and mattress--but that's not enough to keep us from staying here again (it may also be that the hotel has other kinds of pillows available, but we were too busy enjoying the city and didn't take too much time fussing about the pillows) .	
Feb 19 2009 	Fantastic location for a stay	We enjoyed a stay at the Metro and its location is the perfect choice for any traveller visiting NYC .The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and gave adice and guidance when asked.The room we had was clean (if a little small) on the 10th floor but it was furnished to a good standard with tv, mini-bar and safe.The breakfast buffet allowed you to stock up for the day, with tea,coffe,fruit juices,breads,cakes,fruit and yoghurts available.The only downside was having to use plastic plates,cutlery and cardboard cups. On the plus side tea and coffee was available all day and a blessing after a days sightseeing.Transportation in NYC is so easy to use with the Metro, buses and cabs plentiful.We enjoyed visiting Central Park, Museums, Ground Zero, Rockerfella Centre, Empire State Building and a trip on the Staten Island Ferry. The main exeperience is to just walk ans soak up the atmosphere of New York and the many interesting stores,buildings and restraunts in Manhatten.when we visit NY again we'll DEFINATELY be staying at the Metro again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great locationclean and friendly!	Just got back from the hotel metro this afternoon. We spent 5 nights there ,12th-17th Feb. It was a great place. Really clean and tidy. We were on the 5th floor in a room that over looked a building site, but it wasnt a problem, there was no way we would have opened the windows in that weather!! The room itself was not huge but was fine , we only slept there. The bed and pillows were so comfy, thankfully, this turned out to be so important after all the walking! Small but clean bathroom with an enormously powerful shower! The free breakfast was great for us, it started us off for the day until we had to stop again. Tea , coffee,juice, fruit, bread, bagels, yoghurt and huge muffins and pastries. Yum. All available in the comfy lounge with chairs, tables and soft sofas. The location was great especially for the first time visitor. The ESB one block away, 5th Ave one way,broadway the other, close to Times sq and the TOTR. We got the train into Penn station when we arrived and managed to find our way to the hotel in about a 10 min walk. We used the subway alot to get around and the station was nice and close. All in all a great hotel in a great location, Loved it. Will try and load some photos later when I have woken up properly!! Go for it, its great.	
Feb 12 2009	I love NYC	Location is excellent, 10 mins from Times Square.Lovely free breakfast, lovely people, go to the roof terrace as you will see the Empire state building from a great view point.New York and hotel a must	
Feb 9 2009 	Fantastic Location	Stayed here with a friend as part of a &quot;special birthday&quot; celebration.Location is brilliant only 1 block from Macy's and the Empire State Building. Got an upgrade to the penthouse floor - room very comfortable. Spectatcular views available from the rooftop terrace.Staff were great and as well as FREE continental breakfast included in the price - FREE tea and coffee 24 HOURS PER DAY !!!!.Definately recommend.	
Feb 9 2009 	Excellent for the price	Booked through b.a.com with flight and got a good price. Hotel a stones throw from Empire State building and Macy's and only 7 blocks from Times Square (15 min walk) and if you don't fancy the walk the metro was one block away. Could not fault the location at all.Was given a small room first of all with a small window overlooking other windows. Although clean etc it was too small with the queensized bed and quite dark. We just went back down to reception and they gave us another room without any fuss or bother. Our next room was huge with a large bay window. The view was poor but we were more than pleased with everything else. The bathroom although small had a large (big enough for two) walk in shower - no bath.One night our toilet got blocked and the man came within 2mins to fix!We went out for breakfast a couple of times to get the all American pancakes and sausages but when we did eat in there was plenty to choose from including cereals, juices, tea, coffee, fresh fruit, bagels, toast, pastries and muffins.Reception staff were efficient and pleasant.Overall would definately recommend.PS In January/February it was very, very cold so take loads of layers. Would recommend bus tours. We booked ours through reception (don't know if this was the cheapest way) but there were three &quot;loops&quot; to choose on a hop on hop off basis. Found it and excellent way to see everything while the guide pointed things out to us that we'd never have worked out on our own. Best tour was the Downtown Manhatten one...least favourite the Brooklyn tour (spent more time in traffic jams and not as much to see). On our tour we also got to go on the water taxi which goes right up to the statue of liberty and then stops for all to take photos. Excellent view of Manhatten and Brooklyn Bridge from the water too.	
Feb 5 2009 	Perfect location great hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Metro for a week at the end of December 08 running over New Year into 09. It was a surprise trip to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and we were both delighted by Hotel Metro.I was slightly apprehensive after booking the hotel via my travel agent as I read some mixed reviews on this site. But I fail to see what others have complained at given the price. I could not find a better hotel in the whole of Manhattan in the same price range! Prior to booking I'd asked several friends to recommend the hotels they'd stayed at on recent trips to Manhattan and none would! They complained of tiny, dark, shabby and noisy rooms. Hotel Metro in contrast has adequately sized rooms that are clean and bright, pleasantly furnished and well serviced. I would definitely recommend Hotel Metro to my friends.We absolutely loved the location of this hotel and it was perfect for us getting around Manhattan to see all the sights. Having so many different subway stops on different lines within short walking distance meant that we could speed around the island quickly.Hotel staff were friendly and helpful, inclusive breakfast was a bonus and the bar a pleasant place to start the evening off.We will definitely be returning to New York in the near future and will probably return to Hotel Metro as it would be hard to beat in terms of value and comfort. We also HAVE to check out the roof terrace with fabulous views of the Empire States Building in warmer weather.	
Feb 5 2009	Loved It	was taken to new york for my 21st by my boyfriend in jan...was lovely hotel perfect for what we needed, down the road from macys,bang opposite empire state and round the corner from 5th avenue. breakfast ok, selection of bagels, fruit, yoghurts, pastrys etc, no hot food. fresh fruit juice and tea and coffee. our room was at the front of hotel, quite noisy but out of our window we could see empire state building. perfect location for all the sites. would recommend going to Angelo and Maxies steak house...cant remember the add but was best steak ever had. went up rockefella at night, views were amazing. also times square make sure u go in toys'r'us, managed to drag my boyfriend on the ferris wheel in there and theres a life size barbie house!! loved it!	
Feb 2 2009 	Fantastic Base for exploring New York	what a fantastic little hotel. It is situated right in the heart on NYC not far from Macys (5 mins down the street) and one block from Empire State.We were on honeymoon for 4 days over New Year. We received excellent service from the friendly staff at all times. The room was large and very comfortable. A note had been left in our room wishing us a fabulous NYC honeymoon.Breakfast in the mornings was good and the Metro Grill downstairs was great for food too.All in all a fantastic stay and we would have no hesitation booking the hotel again,	
Jan 29 2009 	Hotel Meto - Perfect in every way	My boyfriend and I returned yesterday after spending 6 days in New York and at Hotel Metro. The hotel was great and I'm so glad we chose this hotel out of the many we looked at. The rooms were of average size which was fine for us and we had a fairly large bathroom. Breakfast was great; cereals, muffins, fruit, bagels etc etc, just what you need to set you up for the morning. What a great idea to have tea and coffee constantly on offer throughout the day. Position wise the hotel could not have been better. Just a stones through away from the Empire State Building, Times Square and Maceys. Also Penn Station is only metres away. Everyone in the hotel were very friendly, so no complaints there. We also asked for a late check out and was given this free of charge. The only disappointment was that the roof top bar was closed but this was due to the weather, I'll just have to do this on my return to NYC. Would I stop at the Hotel Metro again - absolutely.	
Jan 26 2009 	Highly Recommended - Fab Hotel	I stayed here with my husband for 5 nights at the start of January 2009. The hotel is in just the most perfect location - very close to Macys, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue etc. The Hotel itself is clean and very nicely decorated. The breakfast is superb, buffet style with a lovely selection of bagels/muffins etc, tea/coffe/juice, everything you need. The rooms are compact, but very clean and have all the provisions you could need.All in all, just the perfect place to stay in NYC, could not recommend it more!	
Jan 24 2009 	Great Central Location	i came here on my very first visit to New York City. the location of this hotel is what makes it so great, because you couldn't be any closer to the heart of manhattan. we were literally next door to the Empire State Building, and were in easy walking distance of everything, plus it was only 100 metres or so to the closest subway entrance.while i was there it was very warm and humid, so their air con was wonderful, the rooms were good, but i think a little expensive for what you get (although it is NYC so you have to expect to pay a bit more for things). the Breakfast in the lobby was great fun, a little bit busy though (not enough seats).overall the hotel is great, not the most fabulous place i've ever stayed, but you could not be in a more central position in NYC, an amazing experience.	
Jan 23 2009 	Wonderful location	We have just returned from a 5 night stay in New York at The Metro Hotel. (You would not believe how cold the weather was!)The Metro was in a wonderful location, making most 'to see' sites within walking distance. We even walked down to Ground Zero and The Brooklyn Bridge which took us about an hour.As a hotel, it's not bad for the money. We had a very basic room with no views at all, but how long do you spend in your room? It might have been because we requested a room with a bath (to soak those walking feet!) Perhaps the rooms with just showers might be bigger. The only real complaint was the fact they could have saved space and a cricked neck if they put flat screen TVs on the wall and not to one side of the bed.The breakfast was better than I had expected and hot drinks on tap was very welcome.All of the staff were very helpful. One of the reception staff helped us print out our boarding passes for our flight and William the doorman went out of his way to get a taxi for us to get to the airport.Despite the small room and the fact it could have done with a refurb, we would stay there again without hesitation as it was value for money and perfectly positioned.	
Jan 21 2009	Thumbs up for the Metro Hotel	We are a family of five adult New Zealanders who returned just a few days ago from our first visit to New York. We spent a week at the Metro Hotel which we found difficult to fault. The location was excellent ,allowing us to walk to many of the places we wanted to go as well being close to the subway for longer trips. We all got a buzz seeing the Empire State building from our windows and especially the roof terrace.Our rooms were spacious and scrupulously clean. Our family all appreciated the breakfast and found it perfectly adequate- it was so good being able to just get on with our day rather than have to search for a breakfast cafe.We found most of the hotel staff friendly and helpful with the exception of a couple of those manning the front desk. However, on the whole we were delighted with our choice of hotel and would thorougly reccomend it to all visitors to New York.	
Jan 12 2009 	Highly recommend the Hotel Metro	I booked our first trip to New York as a surprise Christmas/birthday present for my husband and chose the Metro after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor. We loved the hotel; the staff were extremely helpful at all times and the complimentary breakfast was more than adequate to set us up for a days sightseeing. The view of the Empire State Building from the rooftop is amazing!!!!The Hotel is perfectly situated for all the main Manhattan sights. I bought a New York City Pass which got us into many of the attractions and also gives $10 off at Planet Hollywood daily for the life of the card. It was expensive and we didn't make as much use of it as we could have done but I would buy it again and plan the time better next time. The Hotel had a problem with the lifts while we were there but it didn't affect us at all - even though we were on the 12th floor. The room was fine - I had expected it to be a bit smaller based on some previous reviews but it was more than acceptable for our needs for the week that we were there. We absolutely loved the Hotel Metro and would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great location	We stayed at the Hotel Metro 3rd - 6th Jan 2009. Our flight was delayed so we didn't arrive until midnight. This wasn't a problem at all and we were promptly checked in. Our room was on the 12th floor, just below the penthouse and gym. Unfortunately due to the time of year / weather the roof terrace was closed, but we did get an excellent view of the empire state building through the doors! The hotel is very nicely kept and I found the reception staff very helpful and friendly. They gave us free maps and tourist info and booked us onto a bus tour. If you want to do the tour, I'd actually advise you book the bus tour direct with any of the operators on the street (clearly distinguished by their jackets!). As we did it through the hotel they obviously got commission instead of the operator so no-one wanted to settle our bill and give us tickets! We did the tour that includes Brooklyn, Harlem, Downtown, cruise etc for $49 each and it was well worth it in my opinion. The main tours are hop-on / off over 48 hours. You see all the sights and learn some interesting facts from the guides.The hotel location is great, just round the corner from the Empire State Building. Everything is within easy walking distance - and walking is the best way to take all that NYC has to offer! The hotel offers a great buffet breakfast with free tea and coffee available 24 hours. There is no tea-making facilities in the room but you do have a mini bar. The room was cosy, unfortunately our view was of an internal shaft or something but we spent most of our time out exploring so it wasn't a huge problem. The bathroom was very clean and the shower was great. The toiletries were very nice too.Overall I'd recommend this hotel for anyone visiting this fabulous city. It's in a great location for seeing all the sights, dining, drinking and of course shopping!	
Jan 6 2009 	Hotel metro	I booked the hotel a few months in advance and got a really good rate. We had a room on the 10th floor, not a great view but I was surprised by how large the room was... also extremely clean. The location is great; a block away from the Empire State Building and a short subway ride to the museums. For breakfast they have an assortment of cereals, pastries, muffins, bagels, bread for toast, juice, and yogurt. The only disappointment was that the rooftop terrace was closed. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Hotel Metro didnt disappoint!	My Boyfriend and I were treated to a getaway for our Christmas as an early present and stayed from 16/12 - 22/12We had originally booked hotel Pennsylvania but thanks to reviews on tripadvisor we rebooked as it seemed a nightmare!On arrival we were booked in promptly by Eva, (who is a bit abrupt it has to be said - she wasnt patient when explaining the credit card approval needed for check in, which i thought was a bit rude) i cheekily asked for an upgrade as lots of reviews said this happened often, i was told we already had one with a queen bed, im not sure if this is the case but the room was lovely anyway.the room was warm, fairly spacious, and clean with a huge cupboard which enabled all our shopping to be stowed away in, plus 2 large suitcases, this was a lot of stuff!!The bathroom was fine, clean with loads of toiletries, and the shower was good, water pressure a bit too much for me but my bf loved it. Hairdryer and iron/ironing board were already in the room, as was a safe in the massive cupboard.Fresh towels provided everyday - and the room was cleaned regularly,. On 2 occaisons we had a problem with the room phone, but an engineer was sent up to repair it on both times and then it was fine. Dont use the phone to call international, buy a phonecard where you can call internationally and the minutes you use are deducted from the calling card, not billed to your room, which i was told, is an extortionate rate, if you use the card you are only charged 1 dollar per connected call, regardless of the length.The rooftop terrace has fabulous views of ESB and is worth a look, the coffee room always had fresh tea and coffee on tap, we didnt have breakfast in the hotel, we went to PAX just round the corner, there food is amazing, definately have a tossed salad from the bar!I do not reccomment visiting the Korean restaurant next door to the hotel!My bf and i visited this for takeout after a night out, clearly they though they could take advantage of us because we had a drink. We ordered soup and plain boiled rice, and the charged us 22 dollars!! when i looked in the bag in the room, they had added extra dishes we didnt want, and obviously the most expensive soup and rice that we didnt want!!I was really angry and took the order back, as soon as the guy saw me he tried to play dumb and said the extra dishes were complimentry before i even said a thing!! Admission of guilt straight away! I then argued that if this was the case then they charged 22 dollars for rice and soup and it was really not acceptable and demanded my cash back, whcih he gave me.Avoid like the plague - there food isnt even that nice!!All in all its a lovely hotel and the majority of staff are pleasant and helpfull, clean and confortable which is whats required after a hard day in NYC. its situated in a great spot, just a few blocks form ESB, times square and macys.i would reccommend this hotel and hopefully will return to stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Location helpful and friendly staff coffee on tap!	Just spent six nights at the Hotel Metro, across the New Year period. This was my fifth time in New York and I can honestly say the Metro is the best hotel i've stayed in there so far. We booked a Deluxe non-smoking king room and whilst we didn't get the view of the Empire State building, the room was large by New York standards and the bed as comfortable as ours at home. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from Macy's, central to everything. We found the hotel staff to be superb, they could not have been more helpful or friendly. Quite unusually for New York the rate included breakfast, basic but more than adequate and the big plus was that coffee/tea were available all day and night in the dining room/lounge just off the lobby, a welcome feature when returning from a day's sightseeing/shopping. The only downside was the unreliability of the lifts, one seemed to be out most days, but this is a small price to pay, for a medium sized(much more personality than a big faceless hotel), clean, centrally located lovely hotel. The other plus was the view of the Empire State from the roof of the hotel (used as a bar in Summer) it was closed due to the freezing conditions, but you could still go up and look at the amazing unobstructed view.	
Jan 3 2009	Great Vakue Hotel	I have just returned from NY having visited to shop and see in the New Year. The hotel ticked all the boxes and represents excellent value for money. The location is accessible to all the sites and shops. Rooms were clean and warm. And with the added bonus of breakfast and unlimited tea and coffee all day. Why would you want to stay anywhere else.No need to search the Internet. This is the one for you.......	
Dec 31 2008 	A great Christmas in NYC	I have just returned from a 6 night trip to NYC over Christmas with my husband. We stayed at the Metro and couldn't fault it one bit. The room was great, clean, surprisingly large and on the 12th floor, so great views of the Empire State Building. Breakfast was great and unlimited as was the tea and coffee. NYC was fantastic and we did all the sights and the highlight was definately the Rockafella Centre both during the day and at night. We treated ourselves to lunch at the Maze Restaurant (at the London Hotel, Gordon Ramsey's place) on Christmas Day which was excellent and then saw Jersey Boys in the evening - both highly recommended. Got some bargains in Macys and you must visit the M&amp;Ms store! A tip on the shopping front would be to get out there by 9.00/9.30 as by lunchtime the shops and streets are packed.O'Lunneys on 45th street is great for food and if you want something quick the Chinese next door to the hotel is well worth a visit.	
Dec 30 2008	Hotel Metro	This Hotel was really great. This was a birthday treat for me and I travelled with my mum and when we arrived the reception staff were very good, allocated us our room and even remembered that we had asked for a twin bedded room.The room was a nice size on 11th floor and there was never any waiting around for the lifts to come up. The breakfast was a big plus with this hotel as well. Lovely bagels and every type of bread and You could help yourself to coffee 24/7 as well.The location was also very good. So near to a subway and Macy's was practicaly on the doorstep. Try the chinese restaurant next door - also the Korean restaurant, lovely service with friendly staff. All in all a great time. The only drawback this year was that the exchange rate was not very good.	
Dec 23 2008 	great trip to NYC	I just back from my trip with my boyfriend to new york city. We stayed at the hotel metro and it is a nice hotel. We spent all of our time out shopping but the hotel indeed is very nice and clean and peacful. It is very good that at least people can enjoy free breakfast at the hotel rather then paying extra. The receptionist at night time is very nice and helpful but inded there is one Eva who is pretty snotty and can be rude. But if you are going to nyc you do spend your time oustdie shopping. We got to do pretty much everything we wanted to do in about three days. I still wished i had an extra day. So we stayed here at this hotel for four days. First trip to nyc but not the last one. I do reccomend future visitors to buy a daily metro card to ride the trains and it is much cheapper tehn a taxi. There are tons of things to do. Macys is about two blocks away from the hotel and so is the empire state building. Everything is near the hotel that it is a good hotel to stay at. But i do recommend to ride the train and buy a daily unlimited train card its only 7.50. i do advice to get familiar witht the trains and their routes since there are hardly any people working in the train stations to help. There is kust so many things about nyc that i learned and soo many things i saw. If anyone ahs any questions i will be more then happy to help you. It is always good to get some help before leaving on a trip. But i highly recommend this hotel for location and for the price. I know some people pay over $300 a night but we got a dealk trough our travel agent. One more thing i do n ot recomend taking ataxi to and from any airport it is pricy. Instead you can take a shuttle bus or public trasnportation. To NEWARK airport we took a new jersye transit train almost like a metra train and it left us right there in the airport and we got there in less then 30 minutes. So research ways of getting to and from aiports there are cheaper ways then taking a taxi.	
Dec 23 2008 	Metro highly recommended	With my wife and two teenage children I spent five nights at the Metro in one of their family suites a week before Christmas. The rooms are generously sized for central Manhattan, particularly the two-bedded room that the kids had, overlooking 35th St. The beds are comfortable, the bathroom well-supplied with large towels and Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries. The free buffet breakfast is limited but perfectly adequate, and the constant free hot drinks were very welcome, particularly when we arrived back after a hard day out. Free WiFi was convenient for researching things to do and for keeping in touch with home.On the downside, the Metro's elevators are small and slow, and one of the pair kept breaking down, leading to long delays at busy times. We also had some problems with the TVs, only getting a few or the many channels we should have had, and the hotel maintenance people were not able to fix this before we left. But we'd not come to NY to watch TV so it was no major issue.The hotel location is excellent, on W35th St between 5th and 6th Avenues. Herald Square subway station is two minutes walk; Macy's is right across 6th Ave (but what a disappointment!) There are lots of shops on 34th St and of course 5th Ave. Times Square is a 10 minute walk, or one stop on the subway. We bought MTA unlimited ride tickets so didn't hestiate to take the subway to get out of the snow and rain! The Empire State Building is a 5 minutes walk away, so we were able to get there early and avoid any queueing to get up to the observation deck, though we found the views from the Top of the Rock at Rockefeller Center equally good.There are plenty of eating options close by. More than once we had a pizza or a slice from Guiseppe's on the corner of 35th and 6th - simple and delicious.The staff were unfailingly friendly and helpful. Nowhere in Manhattan is cheap, but I felt we got our money's worth at the Metro and I'd have no qualms about staying there again.	
Dec 16 2008 	Proof that there are good deals in New York city	I've stayed in New York numerous times over the years and can honestly say that the Metro Hotel really does give you value for money.Plus Points: The rooms were clean, moderately sized, we asked for a bathroom (as opposed to a shower) and were given one. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - especially on reception and the door. We had a free breakfast in the morning - only toasts and muffins - but it was FREE. We could have tea/coffee whenever we wanted. We weren't bothered by noise - from outside or other guests. It is only 12 floors and I says it has 179 rooms - which is small enough for it to still have a personal touch unlike the gigantic places like the Penn Hotel around the corner.You could walk to Penn Station in about 6 minutes, Macy's in about 2 minutes, Time Square in about 10 minutes and Tiffany's etc in about 20 minutes. There is a subway/tube/underground station less than a minute away and so can be anywhere on the island in no time at all.We got a hotel shuttle back to JFK for $20 each (plus tip) - much cheaper than a taxi $80 (plus tip) and quicker than the Sky Train - to be fair - we would have caught the Sky Train back but there were engineering/track problems near to JFK and didn't want a bus transfer.Negative Points: Not many really - I thought it had free WifI but it didn't, no coffee/tea facilities in the room - but we just brought coffee to the room, the coffee wasn't the nicest in the world, the hanging space isn't the largest in the world and the radiator worked fine but it was a dry heat (fan assisted) which wasn't overly comfortable. These are only very minor points though - and compared with some HOLES like the Penn Hotel this was luxurious and we would definitely go back again.Also, the restaurant attached to the hotel isn't great - if you are tired and it's raining and don't want to go out - the food is passable - but I would really force yourself further afield - even if it's only to cross the road to the Bar &amp; Grill	
Dec 8 2008 	Can't beat the Hotel Metro!	We booked for a four night stay at the Hotel Metro in November 2008 through Thomson Signature. The hotel had been recommended to us by some friends who had previously stayed there. We had originally booked for a deluxe double but the room we had been allocated, although perfectly roomy and clean, smelled of smoke. George on Reception was our hero and very kindly upgraded us to a Family Suite! One bedroom window had a view of the Empire State Building and the other bedroom window had a view of Macys! What more could we ask for?! The room was spotlessly clean with the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Coffee and tea were available 24 hours a day downstairs and the breakfast was fantastic - bagels over here are not a patch on the real thing!Location-wise, you couldn't get much better if you tried. 1 block from the Empire State Building, a block from Macy's, 5th Avenue and all its shops are right on your doorstep. The Reception staff that we had contact with were all extremely helpful, gave advice and suggestions on where to go, what to see and the best/cheapest way of doing it. Again, a big shout out to George!There is a small gym on the top floor of the hotel, next to the roof terrace. I did go with the best intentions but never got round to using it - pounding the streets of New York was exercise enough!All in all, it was a fantastic and we are planning our return trip for next year to the same hotel.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Location/Great Hotel	Booked with expedia and flew out on Nov 27th for 4 nights. The hotel is in a excellent location, empire state building just around the corner and at the other end of the road the biggest Macy's. The staff were friendly and helpful the room was small, but apparently that is the same everywhere, the breakfast was great, but it would help putting the toaster in a different place, tea and coffee all day was great. Would stay there again.	
Dec 2 2008 	Perfect Location!	We stayed at the Metro from 26th Nov for 4 nights, the location is excellent - right between 5th and 6th Avenue and so close to Macy's (which was great for our jet lag 5am mornings - went to macy's black friday sale!!), also the free tea and coffee all day we probably saved a small fortune it was so nice to come back after an afternoon shopping / sightseeing with sore feet to sit in the lounge with a cuppa! The breakfast was lovely too and we used the hotel restaurant on our first night as we were so tired and didn't fancy trying to find somewhere, the food was lovely they have lovely cosy booths for 2..nice to sit and relax in with a glass of wine!Our room was on the 4th floor, very nice and clean...views were out onto brick walls but didn't matter to us as we were hardly in the room. We found the staff helpful and friendly, arranged our transfer back the airport with the air link shuttle whihc was $20ea and luckily there were 6 of us so was only 1 other pick-up - would use this service again.We would love to return to New York, and will definately stay at the Hotel Metro again.	
Dec 2 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!	We stayed in the Hotel Metro from 26th November until 30th Novemeber. What a lovely hotel right inthe centre of New York. I had requested an upgrade if possible as it was a special birthday trip for my husband and the hotel not only accommodated my request (without additional charge) but also put in our room complimentary chocolates and water. Staff were extremely helpfyul and friendly. We could not fault this hotel. The complimentary breakfast was very very good and restaurant staff work really hard to ensure everything is refilled. The shower in the room was hot and there was additional heating/air con in the rooms. It is almost next tot he Empire State Building and a really good locattion for sightseeing. Again we could not find fault and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 30 2008	Loved this great New York Experience	Booked this hotel as was my daughter's first trip to New York. We asked for a room on highest floor and they gave us a room looking out onto Empire state building. You can also take pictures up on their lovely roof garden which is open for visitorsThe hotel was lovely, the staff were so helpful and friendly, with the exception of one lady on reception, obviously not too happy that day. May I commend Matthew the doorman, a lovely helpful man. Lovely clean rooms and lovely comfortable beds. Rooms were a bit on the small side, but there again you only sleep in them (we were out from 7.30 am). The hotel surpised us with breakfast, lovely cheeses, jams pastries, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit salad, and lovely thick bread for toast. Breakfast is on from 6.30 am (I think). This definitely set us up for the day. Hotel is off Herald Square and just a short walk to Macy's Empire State and Time Square.Be careful in your room with the mini-bar (if you lift sometime up) for more than 20 seconds it is charged to the room, so be careful!!!Get the Staten Island Ferry across - it is free and lovely view of statue of Liberty.We are looking to visit NYC again next year and will definitely stay at this wonderful hotel	
Nov 29 2008 	Great little hotel	A great little hotel really well located for 5th Avenue, Broadway, Central Park &amp; within walking distance (if you've got good walking legs!) of most of the touristy places in the city. If you don't fancy the walk just hop on the metro (seconds away at the end of road) or take a cab. Hotel room was small but had everthing we needed &amp; our room was cleaned very well everyday. Breakfast was an added bonus, other reviewers have explained what was on offer. We thought this was a lot easier &amp; cheaper than going out for breakfast everyday although by day 6 it was getting a bit boring. Be aware that food &amp; drink in NY is very, very expensive, we spend a lot of our social time in London &amp; it even caught up by surprise. Having said that we had a really great time &amp; we would definately go back , most probably in the summer months as November was freezing!	
Nov 28 2008 	Superb Location/Hotel	Just arrived back from a 3 night break at the Metro :( The Hotel was Small but lovely with the added bonus of breakfast and tea/coffee on tap.ALL the staff were nice and friendly and would go out of their way for anything you asked.The room was spacey and very clean.Went up to the roof terrace for a look and got a wonderful view of the Empire state building (situated on the penthouse floor).The subway is outside the hotel to the right,about 100yrds and very easy to use(if in doubt ask the hotel staff).Just outside the hotel to the right their is a nice Chinese restraunt,very reasonable but beware of the portions HUGE.To the left of the hotel 50yrds their is an Irish bar and upstairs they have a restraunt which is also very good.A steady stroll uptown will get you to the start of Central park in an hour with stops for photos along the way.Would we go back to New York ? Tommorow please.Would we stay at same hotel? Definately.	
Nov 26 2008 	An okay but expensive hotel let down by lazy front desk staff	We stayed for nine nights from 14 November, on arrival there was no one to help with our luggage, so we struggled into the hotel (upstairs) with our bags and were told the hotel had no real views of the Empire State Building, but we had been upgraded from a double to a king size room (room 711), which we did appreciate, the view from this room was a building site, which began work at 8am everyday, however. The bed was large and amazingly comfortable, linen soft and the room was very well serviced on a daily basis. My only gripe about the bed would have to be the use of a quilt instead of blankets, this seems to be a trend in hotels these days, it isn't good and there is obviously no way of adjusting the layers as there is with blankets, the quilt was covered with a nasty nylon cover which we removed on our first night as it was too hot and felt horrid.There was no bath, which I did miss being a bath lover and find it especially useful after a long day on my feet. The fridge was one of those 'if you remove anything for more than 20 seconds you will be charged' mechanisms, and it was not possible to store anything of our own in there, and the mini bar was the same. So don't pick those USD6 M&amp;Ms up for too long or you'll pay for them. There was an ice bucket in the room and an ice machine on level 12, which we used to store our drinks. The hotel supplied free tea (bags) and filtered coffee and fresh milk, in the breakfast room all day and night, which was very nice. Breakfast itself was carbohydrate city, about five different kinds of bagels, muffins, sugary cereal and bread, with babybel cheese, cream cheese, peanut butter, grape jelly and orange marmalade. 'Juices' from concentrates and some instant oatmeal. I would have appreciated a low fat protein option, or even some boiled eggs, and given it is not a cheap hotel I think not an unreasonable expectation.I had three parcels arrive for me whilst at was at the hotel, on each occasion I was not told of their arrival and had to ask, the third one, when I did ask, I was told had not arrived. After messing about contacting the sender and her telling me it had been signed for by the hotel staff, three days earlier, I went back to the front desk who finally got off their backsides and found it. In ever other decent hotel I've stayed in, any packages have been delivered straight to my room, no questions asked. In addition we paid USD80 to have laundry done, which we also had to collect from the front desk. (are the staff glued to their chairs??)The wifi internet access to the rooms is almost non-existent and drops out every five minutes or so, my partner was attempting to work from our room one day and ended up having to go to the business centre. When he was unable to connect at all at one stage, the front desk staff just gave him the number of their wifi supplier and told him to phone them, and then tried to charge us for the phone call!! (A friend of ours was also staying in the hotel on the 9th floor, he too had trouble with bad wifi connection, so it wasn't just our room or floor). The cordless phone in the room had terrible reception and would drop out for every other word, we didn't use it much but when we did it was truly terrible.Overall, an okay hotel, with a subway nearby and Macy's just one block away, however, the front desk staff are lazy and unhelpful and really let the hotel down. I am not sure if I would stay here again, I suspect there are better hotels in the same price range.	
Nov 26 2008 	Superb want to go back asap	Just come back from the Metro, travelled with my Daughter and a friend to celebrate my Daughters 18th birthday. I had already contacted concierge in advance to arrange a few birthday surprises and had absolutely no complaints, everything was organised, the cost was cheaper than I could have found it and the pre arrival service faultless.On arrival we were delighted to have been upgraded. Our room was spotless and roomy, we sneaked a look at some other rooms and again although smaller, would have had no complaints.Bell hops, particularly Matthew were lovely and really funny, nothing was to much trouble. Ann on reception and the other man on the desk (I forgot his name) deserve a mention and credit for a really good job. I do know which receptionist people are mentioning, and yes she isn't the friendliest of characters and could do with a happy pill perhaps, but hey we all have bad days and perhaps she has more than others.The breakfast was lovely and just enough to fire you up for the day. Coffee and tea on tap 24/7 was an additional bonus. The hotel bar was expensive (but to be honest in the current financial climate the whole of New York is). Having read reviews before we left I was unsure just what to expect, it would go one way or the other. I can honestly say the entire stay was faultless, yes there is a little noise but tell me who expects to go to New York and find peace and quiet? Its all part of the experience.Location was perfect, ignore the bus ticket sellers (red &amp; Yellow jackets) go via yellow cab, far cheaper in the long run and quicker. If you are out late at night the bus stops at 6.30 anyway, so you would have to take a cab.Get to the Empire State Building as it opens at 8am and avoid the queues we were up at the top enjoying the views ... and snow at 8.06am!! We had been awake since 5 as the jet lag was kicking in so the early start wasn't a problem.The other thing to be aware of and something that did unnerve us was that we were 'given' promotional cd's outside Virgin megastore. They were signed by 'friendly' enough guys who, we assumed were promoting their music and were legitimate given where they were standing!. They then made it clear that they wanted money and were not going to take no for an answer, surrounding us at one point and it was quite scary. We did get away without paying, but please, if approached ignore and do not accept anything they try to give youBack to the hotel, would recommend to anyone, I have stayed in hotels all over the place some basic, some 5 star this was BY FAR the best ever and hope to get back there as soon as my credit card and the exchange rate have recovered!!.	
Nov 17 2008 	basic clean but with cockroaches!	We were recomended this hotel from our travel agent as the lady who booked it for us had stayed there previously. it is in a great position very near to fifth avenue and just around the corner from Macy's. However, there are no tea/coffee facilities in your room, you have to go down to the breakfast room for refreshments. Our room had not one but 2 cockroaches, caught by the bell boy but with no apology given. The bell boys were very helpful and friendly but the receptionist were totally different, disinterested when asking where would be good to eat and generally unhelpful and glum. Shame because the hotel has a warm atmosphere. Rooms are basic but clean (minus cockroaches)	
Nov 11 2008 	Very Average for the price!	I know this is New York and that what you get for your money isn't the same value as you pay and receive in other parts of the country, but this would not be my first choice ever again! Yes, it's conveniently located, right in between 5th and 6th Avenue, and yes, the rooms aren't too badly sized for New York. But, why wouldn't I stay there again? Firstly, there's no room service - well, there is, but the menu is limited and you can't charge it to your room! When I questioned this, I got a very terse response from the person on the phone, suggesting that I was strange to expect that kind of service! There weren't coffee making facilities in the room and we couldn't even get any brought up in the morning- not that this is a huge deal, but it's appreciated when you can do this. Secondly, the breakfast was ok, and included in the price, which is great -but it's all on plastic, disposable plates and cutlery - easy on the clean-up for them but not so great given environmental concerns. Thirdly, when we arrived into our room the carpet was more than damp and smelt very strongly of cleaning product. Great that the floor had been cleaned but it was horrible walking around on the carpet!! Finally, the beds were so incredibly hard that I left feeling like my body had been beaten to a pulp - and I had just 2 nights there! Hate to think what would have happened if I'd been there longer! On the good side though, the doorman we had was great - friendly, which is odd for NYC, and happily stored our bags for us and then made sure our taxi was there to take us to the airport when we needed it to. He didn't openly ask for a tip, as I have had other hotel staff do in the past, but we were happy to offer him one just for being so friendly and helpful! So, for the price we paid, no I wouldn't recommend it -you'd be better off at the Courtyard by Marriot!	
Nov 10 2008 	met our needs very well.	shared a room with 2 friends, 2 double beds, the size of the room was adequate, prob large by NY standards. the room was clean, beds comfy. wish there had been a coffee maker in the room. bathroom was small but again, adequate. good shower. reasonable rates...it was hard to find a dble room in NY that was in our budget and met our needs, we were pleased with the choice. We did not visit the metro grill or take advantage of the complimentary breakfast.	
Nov 7 2008 	Excellent accomodation	This was my 2nd stay at the Metro. A superb visit for my husbands 50th. Excellent on all counts, location, cleanliness, staff and rooms. The staff were always giving their valuable advice and when available discount tickets to attractions. I was recommended the Metro 1 year ago and only stayed briefly but couldnt wait to return. FANTASTIC.	
Oct 27 2008	fantastic	absolutely fantastic, the breakfast was great- only typical bagals and so on however, walking around NY on a heavy stomach isn't ideal. with a central location within reach of most attractions in minutes the Hotel Metro is outstanding. the rooms are spacious complete with TV facilities and shower. the staff are friendly and efficiant. i would most definately stay here again, do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.	
Oct 21 2008	Excellent Hotel	Hotel is in a great location, 2 minutes from Macys and the Empire State Building, and a ten minute walk to Times Square. the hotel is in a great location and it is easy to reach everything. The subway station is at the end of the street.Rooms at the front have an amazing view of the Empire State Building, although there is some traffic noise.The breakfast is great, with plenty of choice and its always fresh.Rooms are very clean and comfortable, with daily maid service.Staff are friendly and helpful. Would recommend this hotel, the price is very reasonable for what you get. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 20 2008 	nice hotel	We stayed at the hotel Metro in New york city in August, and thought it was an excellent choice, The location is great as your between Macy's and the Empire state! The hotel itself was very clean and the decor was nicely done. The breakfast room was great with lots of seating and plenty to eat and drink from cereal, bagels , muffins, toast fresh fruit etc. The hotel has a lovely roof garden with an excellent view of the empire state building. The hotel has a restaurant which we tried one night it was ok but directly across the street there is Brendans bar &amp; grill this was excellent value and great food. New York itself is amazing the highlights for me were the empire state building as the views are breathtaking, grand central station , central park and the hudson river cruise, oh and walking across the brooklyn bridge. You can get around really easily and cheaply on the subway, you buy a metrocard for 7dollars and 50 cents this will take you anywhere all day. The people are really friendly and it is very safe.	
Oct 18 2008 	Fantastic location	We stayed here for 3 nights from 30 September. We booked through BA who had a more favourable rate than other websites or the hotel direct.The hotel has a fantastic location, only 2 mins walk from a subway station and Macy's, and has views of the Empire State Building. The central location does mean that the rooms suffer from street noise due to a lack of double glazing, but you get used to it.The complimentary breakfast is a real bonus, and there is a plentiful selection of rolls, muffins, bagels, fruit, yoghurt etc. However, the breakfast area is not big enough to accommodate everyone at busy times, and it turns into a bit of a free for all!Staff were friendly and helpful, and we were able to check in early on arrival. The concierge was very helpful with looking after our bags on our last day, and arranging a taxi for us.The room was comfortable and very clean, and the hotel offers free wi-fi access which we found very useful.Overall a very enjoyable stay. This was our 4th visit to NY, and the Metro offered excellent value for money compared with other hotels we have stayed at. We we would definitely stay here again if we return.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Stay	After reviewing this hotel on trip advisor my sister and I made a choice to stay here for our 5 day NY trip and were very pleased with our decision. The service was great, very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was just enough to get us going, including some fruit for later. A nice cup of tea at the end of our busy day allowed for some wind down time. The location is great, close to Macy's, Empire state building, Madison Square Garden, 5th Ave, Rockafeller Center and Time Square for walking. Area is clean and subway is 2 min away.We were given an upgrade to a suite upon check-in, big clean rooms and nice bathroom. Yes there is some road noise but not to bad, bring ear plugs if you are sensitive to it. We were on the 12th floor facing 35th st but inside corner so maybe less noisy there.Cab to and from La Gaurdia about 35.00 dollars or 30 min...We would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. I loved New York and can't wait to go back!	
Oct 13 2008 	Great location and great breakfast	My wife booked us a 5 night stay for my 30th birthday and before we went we requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building which they sorted out for us at no extra charge.Room were a decent size with a good sized bed, free to use safe and a shower room, the rooms were cleaned daily.Breakfast was included in the room rate and was a continental buffet which was a great way to start the day.The location of this hotel was fantastic and really we could of got a better location, turn right out the front door and walk about 200 yds (if that ) and you are at Herald Square, cross the road and you are at Macy's so you are right in Midtown, Empire State building is a block away and Maddison Square Gardens not much more, about 5-10 min walk to Time Square basically the hotel is very, very central.There were restaurants right next door to the hotel and also across the road, the Korean restaurant was very cheap and the portions huge. There was also a great Irish bar nearby and if it's your birthday you drink for free :o)We bought the New York passes and also a Circle Line bus pass before we went which we found great value for money also I would recommend a trip to Woodbury Common for some great value shopping.All in all great location, great hotel excellent staff, excellent service fantastic holiday.	
Oct 12 2008 	Very nice hotel! Great location/Nice room!	This was our first weekend visit to NYC and this hotel was part of a weekend package/airfare. Good choice! Great location, reasonably priced (for New York, not Chicago) and good service. Hotel is clean and lobby has a very nice art deco vibe. Check in time was 4 p.m., but we arrived at 11:30 a.m. to presumably only check our bags in before running off to Brooklyn. Nice surprise that we were able to check into our room right away! Even better was that our one room was upgraded to a two bedroom suite albeit a smoking suite; but that's okay, because i smoke. Service by all employees, esp. the daytime manager(?) and the doorman (George?) were great! Didn't take advantage of the rooftop bar/view, but will next time I return to NYC. Rooms were clean and comfy and I liked the IPOD radio/chargers they had...served well as alarm clocks. Definitely check this hotel out. Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza are within walking distance: 1 to 3 miles, but it's a nice walk and only 20 minutes tops. Great value for the money!	
Oct 10 2008 	Amazing Manhattan Hotel	We took a 3 week trip to the States: 2 cities (New York and Chicago) and then a road trip along part of Route 66, up the Mississippi and back to Chicago. We booked every bit of our accommodation solely based on Tripadvisor reviews and everything was just perfect.Hotel Metro was the perfect Manhattan stay. Incredible location – literally right under the Empire State – we could gaze straight up at it from our window and an even more spectacular view at night from the hotel’s terrace bar on the roof. The hotel has been recently refurbished throughout and was spotlessly clean. Our room, a family suite was brilliant and such good value. We were a family of 4 but all adults and yet the room was spacious enough to not get in each other’s way. The double room had it’s own door and we shared a lovely modern shower room. They had thoughtfully put an extra sink outside, which was good for 4 people. The housekeeping was amazing, we lacked for nothing, extra pillows already there (and the pillows were top quality comfort), plenty of deep pile luxurious towels, lovely quality shampoo etc. The beds were SO comfy, the air conditioning spot on and everything absolutely spotless – and we are fussy!! In addition to this, all the staff were so helpful and friendly. We could have free internet access in the office – which was really useful. The breakfasts were free each morning and very fresh and tasty – fruits, yoghurts, bagels, pastries, breads, etc. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great location and great views from the outdoor bar.	Great location for a hotel in New York, right next to the Empire State building so you can sit on the 10 floor outdoor bar and gaze up, up and up at it. Complimentary breakfast was great too with toast, muffins, bagels, yogurts and more but room served in a little small. We stayed here for our honeymoon for 3 nights in Aug 08, you can hear all the noise at weekends as windows not too thick and room décor looked dated. But it was clean and staff lovely. Even got free internet access, which made tickets for the attractions easier with less queuing. The only real downside was the lack of a honeymoon ‘welcome’ - we didn’t even get some chocolates on our pillow! My dad had secretly contacted them to say we were on honeymoon yet despite them reassuring him we would be looked after we were not made to feel special in anyway.	
Oct 1 2008 	great hotel but noisy	The Metro is a really nice. well run hotel in a great location. Large comfortable rooms and good breakfast, helpful staff. One drawback rooms facing West 35 st are very noisy. Try and get an internal room.	
Sep 30 2008 	Absolutely great hotel	We booked through BA, didn't pay the earth &amp; were delighted with our stay. The doormen &amp; check-in staff were helpful throughout our stay. Our early arrival was dealt with smoothly, they stored our baggage and made us comfortable until the room was available and our late departure was handled in the same manner. We were even lent an umbrella when the weather became showery for the last couple of days.The room &amp; bathroom were comfortable and very clean with good quality toiletries provided. The public areas were kept really well too. The continental breakfast was excellent &amp; plentiful, and free coffee was available all day long. I can't imagine a more central location, ideal for Broadway &amp; the Empire State. Subway station on the corner and Macys at the end of the block. (Brendans restaurant opposite was 1st class.)I will not need to look anywhere else for my next trip.	
Sep 15 2008 	stay here just for the view on roof terrace	Hotel Metro - New York - 45 West 35th StreetJust got back to England after a weekend break staying at the Hotel Metro with my 19yr old son, this hotel is fantastic. if it's in your price budget DO NOT hesitate.Compared to similar priced Hotels i think this is the one to stay at. Only 12 floors, which by New York standards, makes it quiet and never any queues at reception or for breakfast etc.I cannot think of a better location, next street to Empire State Building, Macy's next block, Lovely clean Hotel, DON'T believe any bad reviews here, i justthink some people would complain at anything they probably blame the hotel if it rains!! Also it is exactly how it looks in the gallery pictures as it's recently been renovated. All Staff were fantastic, rooms lovely, we booked a Queen room, but got upgraded to a Suite (room1102) free of charge.Highlight is the roof bar/terrace, just awesome view of the ESB,watching people's faces when they first look up on arrival to the terrace for the first time is priceless.Continental breakfast was a great start to the day (i understand most hotels don't provide it free within the price) and as much coffee as you can drink all day &amp; night. Because of the jet lag, i woke up at 3am, decided to go down to breakfast room, grab a coffee and back up onto roof terrace. just to sit and take it all in.PS. Tip for any visitor to New York, visit 'Top of the Rock' at the Rockerfeller centre, the view over Manhattan and Central Park is breathtaking, and the bonus over the Empire State Building, is that you get to see it in the view.Mike &amp; Greg WeatherheadAlcester, England	
Sep 12 2008 	great hotel poor bar staff	stayed there in August 2008 and fantastic rooms, and location. went with 6 other people including 3 kids 11, 12 and 14 good points are cleanliness and attentive staff. bad points no fridge in room (except one that is full of way overpiriced items which we were charged for and didnt receive, )no ice on floors need to travel to the 12 floor where the bar is. went up to the bar one evening beautiful views of empire state. bad taste in mouth though from the bar staff. one lady in particular, ignorant and shouldnt have a job. she took exception to me ordering alcholol as i had my children as she stated she wanted to make sure i wasnt giving alcohol to my kids!! complained to management nothing done. i will though def go back to be honest. they were pulling down an old building and my brother in law had to out up with jack hammers at 7 .30 am in the morning for the week. the hotel never told us that so that was a pain. the breakfast is grand. high on bread rolls etc but saves going out to macdonalds etc.. overall i would have rated it 8/10 but dropped because of hotel excavation outside and the bar staff this is a 7 still not bad as we go to nyc every year since 2003 and we have seen some bad hotels.....trip back to Ireland on delta airlines was a mistake we ill always fly aer lingus from now on!!!!!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great find	Have just arrived back from a week at the Hotel Metro, New York. Having read some negative reviews on this site before we booked we were delighted we had ignored them. From the minute we arrived at Reception the staff were unfailingly welcoming and helpful. The room was an adequate size bearing in mind this was New York and the bathroom had recently been updated with a super large shower cubicle. Good quality toiletries were very welcome as we had travelled hand luggage only. Our window looked out at the Empire State Building which was illuminated at night. Breakfast of fresh fruit, yoghourt, cheese, muffins and various pastries plus toast set us up for the day and hot drinks available all day were a lovely bonus when we arrived back from a hard day sightseeing. We used to take it to our room and collapse on the bed. Free wireless access and two computers were a bonus. Great roof garden was lovely but the food was spoiled by having to be brought up from the restaurant on the ground floor on cold plates so food cold and all drinks including wine served in plastic glasses. The situation couldn't be better right in the middle of Manhattan with a subway station 50 yards away. Pizza place on the corner was great for a snack but was not impressed with Brendons across the road. Bryant Park on 42nd Street is a great place for a rest if in the neighbourhood. Tables, chairs, free newspapers,books and games of chess. With hand luggage it is easy to get to the hotel by air train/subway. We got there quicker than some other people who had taken a taxi.	
Sep 1 2008	fantastic hotel stay here for every visit over 7 years	this hotel has stayed consistently our favourite in over 7 years. the service and staff are brilliant and nothing is too much trouble. we have stayed every year sometimes more than one trip. always a pleasure that the high standards of cleanliness remain the same. i wouldnt want to stay anywhere else. Macys less than 5 mins walk away and the Empire State building just round the corner. cant wait for our next trip.	
Aug 27 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	Great hotel, stayed here for 6 nights while exploring Manhattan &amp; seeing Neil Diamond @ Madison Square Gardens. Very well situated to travel both Up &amp; Downtown, close to the subway &amp; just off Herald Square &amp; Macy's!Very clean &amp; spacious room (by Manhattan standards) &amp; excellent facilities, self service drinks available in the dining room 24 hrs &amp; breakfast was great, lots of choice, cereals, many muffins, bagels, toast, fruit, yogurt ~ lovely!! Rooftop terrace was brilliant, great view of ESB!Staff were very friendly &amp; helpful at all times.Only downside (&amp; this was nothing to do with the hotel) was that there was very heavy building work just two doors down which went on all night &amp; was very noisy. But this did not detract from the excellent service at the hotel ~ will definitely stay here again &amp; recommend to friends.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great location for seeing New York	We stayed here for two nights and would definately stay again if we were to travel to New York. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the rooms were clean (although avoid the one's at the front of the street as it can be noisy at night!). For sightseeing - it is a few blocks away from Times Square and Broadway, one block away from Macy's and a short walk to the Rockafella Centre. The rooftop bar has a great view of the Empire State Building.The continental breakfast was basic but there is sufficient choice to keep you going for a few hours doing the tourist bit!	
Aug 24 2008 	Will by my top choice when I return to NYC	I stayed here with two friends on a Saturday night. First things first - I was blown away by the service at this hotel. George at the front desk was exceptional. We showed up early to check-in and he happily stored our luggage, lent me an umbrella (it was pouring), and gave us several restaurant recommendations and a discount card for a nearby pub. He then helped us map out all of the spots we wanted to see that afternoon and told us the best way to get to them. Our room was on the penthouse level. It was huge and right near the roofdeck. The room was basically comfortable. One nice touch was the iPod deck/speakers. Watch out for the mini bar - it has one of those sensors that knows when you've removed something and charges your account (so don't marvel at the gummi bears in a plastic bear for too long!).What a cool roofdeck. Pricey, small drinks, so-so calamari - but an incredible view of the Empire State Building as you can see from all the pics. The bar was open during the evening , but any other time you're welcome to bring your own food/drinks up there to enjoy. We lounged up there late night to enjoy the city lights, and brought our (free) continental breakfast up there in the morning.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great choice	It was our first visit to New York and we decided on Hotel Metro after extensive research. It was everything we expected it to be - reasonably priced, great rooftop view, convenient location to Penn Station, Empire State Building, Times Square and 1 block from Macys. A decent complimentary breakfast is offered which keeps you going for a few hours, the staff were friendly but not overbearing. In New York you are never really in your room so all we wanted was a comfortable bed, good pillows and a clean room/bathroom. The hotel met all our expectations,would definitely recommend!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotel	First family holiday in New York and had a great stay at this hotel. We found all the staff we spoke to polite and friendly. The rooms were not the largest but we went to New York to see the sights not the inside of the hotel all day. The breakfast was a bonus and a good start to our day. The hotel was in a good location, near to the subway, Times Square, the ESB and Macys. We enjoyed dinner at the restaurant attached to the hotel and the place across from the hotel. Would stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 21 2008 	Metro New York	We stayed at this hotel for three nights, and found it to be very good. The room was small but ha this is New York unless you are going to pay mega bucks for a larger hotel. The room was very clean with a good daily maid service, the bed was good and gave a good nights sleep,bathroom was tiny but the shower was nice and hot first thing in the morning and remained hot all day. The hotel staff were helpful, and was ready to offer advise on places to visit. The breafast was excellent a great way to start your day in New York, on the night the roof top terrace was a great place to go and see New York by night.I would recommend this hotel and stay there again.A good place to visit is the Rockafellow centre TOP OF THE ROCK by night you can see most of New York and also the E.S.Building.	
Aug 20 2008	Superb location	This hotel was recommended to me by a friend, and we got a good deal by paying in advance on ba.com.The hotel's website makes it out to be posher than it actually is, but in terms of location it's superb - virtually opposite Macy's (I was there for shopping after all), very near Empire State Building and a very short walk from Times Square/5th avenue. We hardly took the subway at all. We got a deluxe room which was old fashioned but very spacious - only slight niggle was that the air con was noisy but this is typical of older hotels. Staff were not terribly friendly, and I was disappointed not to be able to get into my room until 5pm on the first day, despite my voucher stating clearly that check in was from 3pm.Breakfast is interesting, nice continental offering but served on the kind of plastic plate you would expect at a children's party. However most hotels in new york don't offer breakfast at all! Nice touch is that tea and coffee is available all day in the lounge. On the top floor there was a lovely open air bar, very pleasant on a warm evening. Not the best hotel I've ever stayed in by a long way, but great location if you can get a good deal.	
Aug 11 2008 	exceptional service and assistence	T his was our first trip to NYC in over ten years. We actually called the hotel before we left and were given excellent advise on getting to the hotel from the airport. So actually before we left home, this hotel helped our stay be both memorable and easy. I had asked that they have a welcoming basket ready for my husband when we arrived and it was both beautiful and tasty.  Three time we asked for suggestions and every time we were given great advise. Thanks to their suggestions we ate and visited great places without lines or hassels of any kind.  The rooms were small but very comfortable. The rooms were very quiet and the loung upstairs was open to guest for just a relaxing break with friends. The hotel was very centrally located. The breakfast downstairs was very nice and a great start for your day. We were very happy with our stay and would definitely go back.	
Aug 6 2008	Staff very unhelpful..	Nice room, shame about the building work going on right outside the bedroom window! Virgin Holidays failed to notify us of this even though they knew about it! Out of the room for a large part of the day but even so, 6 drills going under your window at 7am in the morning is NOT acceptable. Toilet overflowed the first time we used it and had to unblock it ourselves (yuk). We found the hotel staff to be unhelpful to the point of being downright rude. Twice we asked them for the usual tourist info i.e.. what time does the Empire State Building open and were given the wrong times (even though the hotel is on the next block to the ESB!!) which resulted in there being a huge queue when we got there. We were also stopped from going onto the roof terrace on 2 occasions as there were private prties going on there. As the advertise this as being part of the attraction of the hotel we though this was out of order.However, one doorman in particular was fantastic and went out of his way to help us. Wish all the staff were like him!	
Aug 2 2008	Great Hotel	We just returned from a week stay at the Hotel Metro. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and the staff were very friendly and accomodating to help you get around the city. We booked through an internet sight and our room was about $170 plus taxes. The location is perfect, half a block from one of the main subway terminals, 10 minute walk to Times Square and Broadway Shows. The continental breakfast is a bit busy but has everything you need for a good start on the day. The rooms are a bit small but for what we paid I would gladly stay there again.	
Jul 31 2008 	Please read if you plan on staying here	When we arrived at Hotel Metro, we were pleasantly surprised with the 1950's decor, and the smell of cleaning supplies. We booked a double bed suite which was beautiful and spacious. There was a large bay window that looked out onto the street below. Everything was great, until the next morning when I awoke to two bed bugs in my bed, and a fresh wound on my leg. I took the comforter off my bed and the other one, and found one more bug in the other bed. I went down to the concierge and alerted them of this issue, and they nonchalantly said that they would switch us to a different room. I was a little shocked by this behavior, since no sympathy was shown, and no manager came out to offer their apologies. I packed everything up, and brought it downstairs (they said the new room wouldn't be ready until 3pm). When I returned later in the day, I asked the concierge if they would be able to dry our clothes - since there were bed bugs, I didn't want to risk moving them from room to room and possibly being bitten again. I was told that they don't do that. Again, I was shocked at the lack of customer service. I asked someone else, and they gave me a name of a cleaner 4 blocks away - I was told to bring the receipt back for the manager to review for a refund. So I dragged two suitcases full of clothes 4 blocks, just to find out that the cleaners don't just dry clothes that they are a full service cleaner with a two-day turn around time - even though we told them the hotel had sent us. So I hauled the clothes back to the hotel and told the concierge what happened (I had asked to speak to a manager, but was told that he had gone home).Then someone else stepped in and said that house-keeping would do it. Now why couldn't this have been done in the first place??When we arrived at our new room, we were sorely disappointed. The room was significantly smaller than the first one we had(although, later, the manager assured us that it was the exact same type of room). The blinds looked like someone had torn them down, crushed them, and hung them back up and the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling and was held on in one corner with several pushpins. We decided to just deal with the room conditions, since we didn't want to have to move again. Our laundry was dried and delivered to our room.The next morning, I went down and asked to speak with the manager. I told him everything that had happened, and he simply answered with I am aware of the situation, but then proceeded to tell me that the bugs that were found in the bed were not bed bugs. It wasn't until after several times of me saying how disappointed I was in the level of customer service, that he finally offered his apologies. He said he would speak with his general manager to see what he could do. Later, he left a message informing me that one night of our stay would be removed from the bill.This was a very generous offer, and I am thankful, but I am still appalled at the way the whole situation was handled, it was like pulling teeth just to get someone to say they were sorry for our inconvenience.	
Jul 31 2008 	fab little hotel	we stayed here 6th-10th july and loved this little hotel, its basic and clean and in an excellent location, the staff are very helpful the breakfast is good and the roof bar is amazing. would definately recommend this hotel	
Jul 22 2008 	Good Location and a little different	Cheapest place by far to book this hotel is through the BA Website.This hotel is in a great location and only one block from the Empire State Building and two minutes from Maceys. We have just spent three nights there and found the Art Deco styling a pleasant change from the normal US hotel rooms. The continental breakfast is good with a choice of cereal, muffins, begels, toast, yogurt and fruit. Free tea and coffee are served all day which was a nice touch (although it meant no in-room facilities).The staff were efficient and polite although not over friendly apart from the doorman Mathew who was always smiling and very helpful. If you like Chineses food the restaraunt a couple of doors along is reasonable and frequented predominently by oriental patrons (it's the one that does display the prices and is nearest to the hotel)New York is always noisy but be aware that there is some construction work going on adjacent to the hotel which will impact on your rest if you want a lie in, we were up by 06:30 and out fairly swiftly so were not affected.Finally, skip the trip to the top of the Empire state building and go to the Rockerfeller building (Top of the Rock) after dark and enjoy a far better view, and you get to see the Empire State Building all lit up.	
Jul 17 2008 	Noisy Construction	My husband and I stayed at the Metro for 3 nights, 12th to 15th July and were pleased with the position of the hotel, the outdoor roof terrace and the breakfast.However we also checked in late, after midnight, and were given a third floor room at the back that had definately seen better days! (see a previous review) AND the construction work started at 7 a.m. with a pneumatic drill which seemed in the same room with us!!! As we were leaving that day we said nothing but would have had to change rooms if we were staying.My advice - definately stay at the hotel for the position alone but insist on a room at the front and don't check in late at night if you can help it.J &amp; M from Dawlish, Devon. UK	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Hotel Close to everything	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in June and thought this hotel was fantastic. The room was small compared to what we were used from the rest of out trip but had everything we needed. The free breakfast supplied in the morning was fantastic and just what you needed before a long day walking around NY. The free tea and coffee available 24hours a day was also great as this place was the first place which supplied us with fresh milk after 4 weeks in America. This hotel is has a subway entrance just near by which can get you to just about anywhere.Penn Station is within walking distance which is great if you arrive in NY by train (as we did). Macy's is on the corner and the 5th Ave is only a block away for some great shopping. The Empire State Building is just around the corner. We found the staff helpful and polite. We made the mistake of spending our other 3 nights in NY at another hotel to reduce the cost, but wished we hadn’t as the Metro hotel was fantastic. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a comfortable place to sleep when exploring the Big Apple.	
Jul 9 2008 	The Customer is Always Right?	I booked this hotel through Travelocity, and never before have I been confronted with people who are so unwilling to please. We checked in late and they gave us a room on the third floor in the back of the building. The room was small, but clean. However we were awoken the next morning at 6:30am by the sounds of construction. And it wasn't a small annoyance, it was LOUD, and after a long day of travel being able to get a good nights sleep is crucial. So we politely told the front desk about this problem, and they were horribly unaccommodating. They denied that there was any problem, by saying their hotel didn't have any construction going on. But I insisted that as one of their guests it affected my stay and I deserved to have a room where I could be comfortable. After speaking to 3 different people, they said they could switch us to a room in the front of the building on a higher floor but that it would be smaller. (I wondered if that was even possible) They told us we absolutely had to be back at the hotel by 1pm to get the room, and so we did, only to have them tell us the room wouldn't be ready until 4pm. And then they denied telling us we had to be back by 1pm. They should have apologized, and not lied! What ever happened to the customer is always right? The people at this hotel are so unaccommodating, and they don't take accountability for anything. Once we got the new room the stay was fine. We could hear some street noises but nothing nearly as disruptive as the construction. The breakfast was nice, toast, yogurts, bagels, etc. The hotel is clean. It's close to the Subway. But the rooms are really small (smallest I've ever stayed in in NY), and it's like hitting your head against a wall dealing with the staff!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great little hotel in a FANTASTIC location	My sister and I stayed at The Metro for a 5 day stay in NYC and loved it. It is in an ideal location (5 minute walk to the Empire State Building and 3 minute walk to Macys!), with fantastic views of the Empire State Building and of NYC in general. The hotel has a gorgeous rooftop bar which boasts panoramic views of the city and makes you feel like you're within reaching distance of the ESB.Breakfast was perfect with a selection of hot/cold beverages and a great choice of bagels and muffins etc.The room was spotless and, although a little small, was perfect for all we needed it for. NYC is such a fantastic city with so much to do that you'll hardly need to sleep :)	
Jul 8 2008 	Very nice hôtel well located !	We spent 4 nights at the hotel Metro, this was our pre-honeymoon trip.Our room was on the 5th floor, very clean and spacious (2 beds). The bathroom was also very clean and nice.No noise from the neighbours, beds were very good.The staff was very helpful and friendly, we booked some baseball game tickets and they kept them for us before our arrival.The breakfast was very good (mostly sweet: fresh fruits, muffins, etc..) , there is a terrace on the roof top with a bar, and a nice view on the Empire state building.The location is really central: next to the 34th street station (2 subway lines), there are plenty of restaurants just next door, an irish pub, and many many shops just across the street. The only thing would be that the aircon evacuation outside was a bit noisy, but it was really not a problem to sleep with it with windows closed. And we noticed in our second hotel that there was exactly the same kind of aircon noise. Since there are many big buildings, our room was on the back so the view was on the building on the other side. However, in our next hotel (iroquois) the view was the same. I guess that many hotels in New York have the same &quot;issue&quot;... but when you come to New York, aren't you supposed to spend more time outside than watching through the windowThere is free internet access with your PC, or you can access their computer room. Handy to book and print entrance tickets from there.Anyway, we really enjoyed our time there and would definitely return to hotel metro!	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Hotel in good location	We spent 4 nights at this great hotel - the staff were very helpful and the breakfasts very nice - cereals,bagels,fruit and muffins. The free tea and coffee all day was also a nice touch and very welcome after a long shopping trip ! We had a 2 bed suite which was huge and the beds so comfy , OK it was a bit noisy at night but then you are in New York ! The location was great just across the road from macys and the subway just outside the Hotel. Once we'd mastered the subway it was a great way to get around and much quicker than by bus or taxi as the roads were always so busy. We would recommend the Rainbow Room restaurant at the Rockerfeller for a special meal the views were stunning and the food fantastic , it was a little pricey but worth it ! The free Staten Island ferry to see the Statue of Liberty was good and the trip up the Empire State at night amazing although the queues were rather long. New York was much cleaner and safer than expected and everyone so helpful. We used the subway at night and had no problems. All in all a great holiday and a great hotel which we will definitely stay at again - go for the 2 bed suite at 706 if there are 4 of you it was well worth it.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Metro for 4 nights in June. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring the city, near the subway and it's proximity to the Empire State Building is what won it for me. We spent a couple of hours at the end of each day gazing up at the ESB from the rooftop bar whilst supping some Brooklyn lager.The room we had was not huge but we spent very little time in it anyway, it was clean and had everything in it that we needed, the ipod docking station was an added bonus. The breakfast was good and kept us going for several hours. The one downpoint were the reception staff, we asked them a few questions about things and they were not particularly helpful or friendly, one of their answers to our &quot;can we book a time on the internet&quot; was simply &quot;no&quot;, anyway we didn't let this ruin what was a fantastic stay in the city that really does never sleep.	
Jul 2 2008 	3 Alaskans loved the Hotel Metro!	I booked the Hotel Metro for my daughter, her good friend and myselft to stay in while we visited New York for the first time. The experience was all great except for the first night. I had booked a non-smoking family suite but the suite they offered us was smoking... and did it ever smell smokey! We had to refuse it. The front desk told us they'd move us in to a smaller non-smoking room until the next day when people were to check out. We brought all of our things down the next morning before leaving for the day and continued about our business. When we returned tired and hot at the end of our day... our things had not been moved to the non-smoking suite... and the new people at the counter knew nothing about our switch out. In the end.. they were able to get us in and all was well that ended well but the time spent messing with it was a bit of a bummer. We only had a few days! The rest of our time there - no complaints. We really liked the location alot... the breakfast is great... the service was great. I'd go back in a heartbeat... and would ask for the non-smoking family suite again.... but found the regular non-smoking room to be just fine too. Book them. You'll not be sorry.	
Jun 30 2008 	great little hotel in the heart of midtown	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from June 21st through to June 24th for a 4 night break in NY that we booked via Virgin Holidays as part of a package deal.I had pre-requested a room in the quietest part of the hotel as i am such a light sleeper. We were allocated room 701 on the 7th Floor. I am not sure if the room we had was any quieter than the others but at 7.30am each morning we were woken up but what sounded like rubbish trucks collecting rubbish for half hour each day! Also we alwyas heard loud police/ ambulence/ fire truck sirens each night but that was no big deal as they came and went quickly (and in NY i guess thsi is the norm anyway).The staff at the hotel are great. nothing is too much trouble and they are great at giving directions. they all seems to know the local areas well.The breakfast at the hotel is brilliant. bagels/ muffins/ pastries/ cereals/ tea/ coofee/ juice/ fruit and yoghurt was on offer every morning and never ran out no matter what time we went. It's on from 6.30 - 11.00 am in the hotel dining area. there was always a table for us to use however i am sure it would have been a little trickier if there had been a bigger group of us.The room we had was very small but it was so clean and had a lovely powershower and comfy bed so the size of the room didn't make any difference. We had a one bedded double delux room.From the hotel we walked to Port Authority - 15 mins- Central Park - 30 mins - 5th Ave main shops 15mins - Times Square - 10 mins - Herald Square 5 mins. everything taht is a major attraction in midtown is within and easy wlaking distance!All in all i would definately stay at this hotel again and highly reccomend it.	
Jun 27 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed at the Hotel metro for 2 nights during June 2008.Some great points about the hotel were that it was well located (Macy's is about 1 min away), the room was a decent size and clean and a nice continental breakfast. Times Sq was about 7 blocks away (10 min walk).Some not so great points are that dont expect a room with a view-ours backed on to some building/construction work going on, and although we were told the room was in a quiter part of the building, the outdoor noise did filter in.Overall a nice stay, and would consider staying here again.	
Jun 26 2008 	Perfect location a Perfect Trip!	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Metro for our first visit to New York and having been given good reviews about the hotel, we were expecting it to be good.... and we were not dissappointed! We loved our stay! Our room was beautifully decorated and our bathroom was clean and modern. a decent sized roomtoo, more than enough for us and as most people say - &quot; Who stays in their room in New York City&quot;. The breakfast buffet had just enough of a selection to choose from to get you ready for a day of walking through the fantastic city. The roof bar was a huge bonus ... we got some fab photos of the Empire state and reception staff were friendly and helpful at all times. The only thing that I would say would need changing was the loud air conditioning in our room but it didn't ruin our stay. We will definitley go back to this hotel.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great room clean but some problems	We stayed at the Metro for five days. We chose it because of its location and because of the availability of &quot;familiy suites&quot; which give our adult son his own room in which to thrash about.Both our bedroom and our son's were very large and comfortable and clean. The bathroom was also large and clean. The location (midtown) is excellent and public transportation readily available. The breakfasts were ample, diverse, and well-stocked.However, there were several aspects of the stay which, minor in themselves, showed some significant management problems.We arrived early, around 12 noon, and left our baggage in a locked room while the harried staff doubted our room would be ready before four o'clock which they claimed was check-in time. The website was clear that three o'clock was check-in but they chose to argue with me about it and, worse, when we came back around three they had made no effort to have our room cleaned even though they knew we would be back. Finally around 3:30 we were permitted to take possession of our room where their own printed guide to services spoke of a three o'clock check-in.There are only two elevators available for guests which made for a very tight fit in the morning period. We were on the ninth floor and many who try to get on at 3, 4, or 5 were forced to wait for another.The toilet leaked quite noisily and a call to the front desk did not resolve the problem which we lived with by keeping the doors shut.There is an extra breakfast room down a hallway but no one on their staff bothers to tell you about it and we often had to tell other guests that it was okay to sit there because it was unclear that we could. Certainly it was barren of any other niceties such as flowers on the table that were in the main breakfast room and chairs were stacked on tables like we were unexpected end unwelcome.For some reason my son's bedroom had no door. It seems likely that this was originally designed as a one-bedroom suite but as they now call it a two-bedroom family suite it ought to have had a door.Despite all these problems (which we did not allow to ruin our stay) we were generally pleased with the location, cleanliness, and size but the management needs to attend to these sorts of problems.	
Jun 23 2008 	A good place to stay at	I booked over hotels.com and stayed there for two nights.Location: Very close to Penn Station (less than 5 minutes walk). Penn Station is easily accessible from JFK airport by train. Equally close to Greenwich Village and to Central Park south (10-15 minutes of walk). Safe area. Room: The room I stayed in was on 3rd floor. The windows faced another building. I could hardly see if it was sunny or not when I looked out the window. It was very dark inside during daytime. The bed was comfortable enough. The bathroom was clean. Front Desk: The front desk was helpful, but they did not seem friendly. I must say they were just doing their job, but not making an effort to make you feel good. They responded to my requests (password for internet, learning how to use the safe, etc.) very quickly.Internet: Free wireless internet. You need to get a password from the front desk.Overall it was a satisfying experience.	
Jun 19 2008 	5 Night stay at Metro	Booked the hotel through BA website when booking flights, cheapest room rate by far on the internet.Hotel in great location 2 mins from nearest metro station and walkable to most tourist sites although for 7.50 dollars gets you an all day metro pass.Great buffet continental style breakfast, bar on roof excellent with views of empire state building, good bedroom size and very clean. Only critism was asked for late checkout 15.00 not available but was allowed to keep room until 13.00 which is ok but nowhere to shower and change after that.Dont expect a room with a view.We were flying to/from JFK booked shuttle bus on BA site to get from and back to airport take my advice take the metro or a cab back to airport as jouney time back was well over 2 hours because there were several pick ups which seemed to take forever	
Jun 18 2008 	Great service and location!	Excellent stay at the Metro - ideal location for the first time visitor. Loved the roof top terrace and the view from our window of the Empire State. The photos on the hotel website do it justice.Breakfast ok considering included in price - lots of bagels, muffins, bread, cereal etc.Very hot weather when we were there and we had to have the air con on constantly which was a little noisy - but then so is NYC!Subway within very short distance. Macy's, Times Square, NY Public Library, Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station and obviously Empire State all within easy walking distance.Brendans Restaurant across the road a bit pricey compared to a lot of other places we ate but ok for first night if you're as tired as we were. Also recommend Playwrites Bar a couple of doors down, and the Heartlands Brewery at the Empire State Building if you want to sample some good local beers. If you feel like splashing out go to the Rainbow Grill in the Rockerfeller Centre for a champagne cocktail and relish the lovely evening views.	
Jun 18 2008 	fab hotel and staff	we have just come back from a stay at the metro hotel on west 35th street and i/we must say the hotel was definetly above any other hotel we have stayed in new york inthe last no of years very clean the rooms good size and daily cleaning you can have a great connental breakfast before you go in the mornings and tea and coffee anytime you like during the day or night  the staff are very helpfull and especialy eve and gorg and all the staff across the road from hotel is brendans for a meal good but a bit pricy also the irish pub just alongside the hotel the same but like all irish pubs food good but just be carefull of price  we could recomend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a very comfortable place that is well centered for both times square ten mins walk maceys and broadway on the door step so if you dont enjoy your stay here it is your fault not the hotel	
Jun 9 2008 	Hotel with a VIEW	Perfect location to anything that you would like to do in New York City. When we arried the staff was very friendly and provided us with subway and bus maps. We got to our room which wasn't the biggest room in the world, but who stays in there room in New York?? I looked out the window and we had an amazing view of the Empire State Building.The bar was on the roof and you are definitely in the shadow of ESB.There is a subway terminal less than a block from the front doors and you are less than a block away from ESB and Macy's.Can't wait to come back to Hotel Metro, and maybe we will try the Asian Karoke bar out that is next door.	
Jun 8 2008 	Amazing stay in Hotel Metro	Stayed for 5 nights end of May/beginning of June. The only criticisms I can think of are that one of the lifts was out for one night, and the room was really noisy but street noise easily blocked out by air con fan. The hotel is amazing, lovely big rooms (superior) and even the mini doubles are big for NYC. The roof terrace has amazing views of Manhattan and the breakfasts are fantastic. After a long day sightseeing and a fab dinner it is wonderful to grab a free coffee from the lounge and head up to the roof terrace to see NYC by night. The hotel staff are great too, we called reception twice once where the safe was not working (our fault) and once to ask how to work the fan on the air con, both times the engineering guy was in our room within 5 minutes to help. The rooms are meticulously clean and the shower is great, wonderful water pressure, only thing missing is a bath.	
Jun 4 2008 	Location and um pillows!	Wonderful location (as many have said here) and only about a 20-25 minute haul from LaGuardia.We walked everywhere from here...all the way up 5th Ave over to central Park, down to the Village, Tribeca and Soho and Little Italy.The concierge service is tremendous. We were in town to see the Eagles at MSG and were ticketless for the Saturday show. Instead of paying upwards of a grand for good seast from a scalper, tthe concierge suggested we check out the main ticket booth about an hour prior to the show...we did and landed third-row seats on the floor...Joe Walsh never looked so good!Our room was fine and clean. The bathroom was very nice with a very large shower. They give you a very useful safe in the room.The bed was extremely comfortable and the pillows (yup!) were about the best I've slept on.Great staff. Very accomodating. The breakfast set-up goes above and beyond what you'd expect for a &quot;continental.&quot; I am not quite sure what folks, on here, are complaining about. This was the best continental spread I've ever had. Bagels, cereal, fresh fruit salad, coffee, toast, juice...I highly recommend the Metro. If you are susceptible to noise, ask for an interior room. We were 6th floor on the street-side and it gets a little raucous at times.Dave	
May 30 2008 	Right up my street...	We selected the Metro as it was offered with a really good rate from the BA website when booking flights for this, our third NYC trip + it had some really good reviews on here, and I have to say we would go back to the Metro again based on this visit.The location was great being so close to 34th St Subway, a block away from Macy's &amp; from ESB, and walking distance from Times Square etc.We really liked the rooftop bar, and the breakfast was just what we needed. (I can see how it could become congested for breakfast, but we had no problem finding a seat every morning)The room was fine, nothing special, but clean and well equipped (the iPod dock on the radio/alarm is a nice touch) The double shower was really nice!Our room was 'internal' so no view and rather dark, but nice and quiet. The rooms looking out onto 35th St looked much more bright and airy.The steak meal we had in the Metro Diner was excellent! The food we had across the road in Brendan's Bar and Grill was not!!Overall, we had a great stay in the Metro and I would recommend it to my friends/family.	
May 30 2008 	Great location excellent base to explore NYC!	The hotel is perfectly located and walkable to Times Square, MSG, the bus-tour departures, 5th Avenue and the Empire State Building. Its also on the direct subway line to Yankee Stadium! Despite all this its very quiet unlike most hotels in the area.The rooms are very clean and the bathrooms have great showers. The maid service is excellent..The roof top bar is a great place to start a night out, it overlooks the empire state building and is a very chilled out place, the only criticism of the hotel is that the breakfast was a little thin on choice (only bagels, muffins, yoghurts and cereals) but we werent complaining as it was included in the price.I would definately consider going back.	
May 29 2008 	OK stay at the Hotel Metro	We stayed at the Hotel Metro for 5 nights. The hotel was very clean and enjoyed the continental breakfasts. We had a large room facing the front of the hotel and we could see the ESB out of the window. We just had a shower - no bath but that was o.k. The rooms were cleaned to a high standard but the one problem we had with being on the front of the hotel was the noise. Luckily I took some ear plugs so was o.k. The Hotel was in easy walking distance to Times Square, the Flat Iron Building, Macys, Madison Square Gardens, Central Station and it was not too far to Central Park (we did it in about 25 minutes). The reception staff were always helpful but when we arrived we were told booking in was not until 4.00 p.m. so we had to go for a walk about until it was 4.00. I would stay at this hotel again but would ask for a room on the back of the hotel next time or take my ear plugs again!	
May 28 2008 	Strategic position in Manhattan	Good hotel in a strategic position. You can easily go to Penn station, Times square, Macy's, the Empire State building.Small rooms.	
May 27 2008 	perfect location and fab breakfast room	We stayed here 15/05/08- 22/05 This hotel had a brilliant location! there is a subway station just down the street along with macy's, the manhattan mall, herald square and the empire state in fact this hotel is in the middle of everything! the breakfast in the mornings was brilliant with a large lounge area and large selection of bagels, fruit, toast, cereal, juice, tea and coffee etcThe rooms were clean and the showers very spacious although our room (801) was very small and particuarly the bed was very small but the actual room was clean and tidy.We also went to the restaurant across from the hotel called brendans and had brilliantly cooked steaks	
May 26 2008 	Midtown	Hotel was lovely and very clean although if you are going for a view, perhaps another hotel would be in a better venue. Location is good for the Empire State Building and there is easy access to the subway (a must, just for the experience!!) and Penn station. Time square is not far, a nice 15minute walk taking you passed Bryant Park. An MP3 docking station was located within the room and although no tea/coffee making facilities within the rooms, there is 24hr facilities in the breakfast room which makes for a pleasent social gathering. Staff on the front desk were nothing but friendly and helpful. Although this is supposed to be a review of the hotel, I can't write a report without suggesting going on the 'world yacht cruise' from Pier 83, it was fantastic and had excellent views of manhatten by night as well as high quality food and service with a smile.	
May 24 2008 	Great spot in the middle of NYC	Just came back from NYC. Went for weekend with a friend (in her 50's) and my boyfriend (both in our early 30's). It was our 5th time in the Big Apple. Drove there and parked the car at a Parking lot in the same block of the Hotel Metro. We stayed for 2 nights in the hotel family suite. Great staff, friendly. Room is a double room with one shared bathroom. One room is smaller with a door for more privacy, nice queen size bed and tv, 2 windows, small desk. Second room is a very large one with 2 double beds, tv, with a small table and nice cozy chair in a corner, one window. Everything was very clean. The bathroom is decent size, well equipped but bath is old and not emptying very fast....that is the only thing we did not like. Wireless internet working great. The breakfast is included , very yummy and runs until 11ham wich is great for people who do not like to get up too early. The roof terrace is real nice, with amazing view of the Empire State Building, great place to relax after a long day walking around NYC. Even if you are in the middle of Manhattan, the rooms are fairly quiet(you can hear once in a while a louder street noise but nothing to wake you up from your sleep). The 3 of us would definitely go back, price is worth it (we paid total of 960$ for 2 nights taxes inc. (Saturday and Sunday)Plus 50$ for parking for 48hours.) You could sleep comfortably 4 people or even 3 couples if you don't mind sharing one bathroom and if the hotel rules let you do that...not sure. I am glad we stayed there, it is a great choice for people who do not mind a little less luxury and a little more room. Pictures from hotel website can be trusted.	
May 19 2008 	awful	So unlike most of these reviews my family and i did not have a nice stay at this hotel we only stayed one night,and thank god for that! we called the day before to see if we could have an early check in and they informed us that it would be ok. My daughter was graduating from college in the city at 6pm and we wanted time to get ready. we arrived at 12 and were told that our room would not be ready for another hour, so we did some shopping and came back in a hour then were told our room was still not ready so we proceeded to go get lunch becaseu we were told our room would defenitly be ready with in 15 min. when we returned with in an hour there was a new staff at the front desk that told us our room was still not ready, this women was so rude and arrogant that we just wanted to leave , but after waiting another 30 min we finally were put into our &quot;penthouse&quot; room where there were two bed that were small. we had five people that were staying over. when we called the front desk to ask for a cot we were informed that our penthouse suit was only for 2 people and that we were going to be charger 25$ extra a person. with that being said we thought that we could get a roll away bed, but no they had none! my daughters boyfriend had to end up sleeping on the ground. if this was not bad enough my daughter found dirty boxers under the bed!!!! i almost died when i saw this i was disgusted and mortified i am not one to complain about hotels and i am an easy going person along with my family but our stay here was just plan awful i would not go back and not recomend this hotel to anyone!!!!!!	
May 17 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location!	We just returned from our stay at the Hotel Metro, and were very pleased! We booked our room through Hotels.com, which usually gets you a smaller room with a double bed. However upon arrival, the friendly staff upgraded our room to the larger queen room in the back of the hotel, without us even asking! They were great at recommending restaurants and activities for our stay, and were overall very nice! The room was a good size, with good amenities within, and great toiletries. The bathroom is definitely on the small side, which made for interesting showers, as there really isn't anywhere to put your shampoo, conditioner, etc while in the shower! It wasn't a big problem though, as the rest of the room was just great. The breakfast is a major plus- it saved us a lot of money throughout our stay! There were yummy bagels, muffins, cinnamon toast, cereal, fruit, &amp; juice. The breakfast goes until 11am, which works out great for those late mornings after a long night exploring! The rooftop deck offers a great view of the Empire State Building, which is a must-see. Another plus is the great location. We stayed here based off everyone's reviews about the great location, and were definitely pleased! There are subways literally steps away, which works out great. Macy's is very close, and the ESB is just around the corner! The pizza place on the corner like the other reviewer mentioned is a great place for a slice of pizza! The Hotel is on 35th st between 5th and 6th avenues, which makes it a little less loud than being, say, in times square, but offers enough traffic so you can easily catch a cab during the day. Overall, the location is definitely a major advantage, with it being close enough to everything you need and easy to navigate from! We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Metro, and as a first-time visitor to New York City, found the staff to be very helpful, and would highly recommend it!	
May 17 2008 	Excellent	Excellent place to stay. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. The rooms were spacious and clean. The front desk staff was very helpful. It was in an excellent location with a subway just down the street and a short walk to any shopping. I would stay here again with no question. The breakfast had everything you needed and places to eat was very close. This would be my hotel of choice anytime. I am a very picky person and this was a no brainer. The rooftop view of the Empire State Building was beautiful.	
May 16 2008 	Shhh don't tell anyone how good this is we'll never get back in!!!	Apparently, this hotel used to be a bit tacky and run down. Well, evidently they have undergone some fairly recent renos, because this turned out to be a fantastic little find; a real gem of a hotel. You can’t beat the location, 35th and 6th, a subway stop right at the end of the street, walking distance to much, a block away from the Empire State Bldg., and only really ever a 10-15 minute cab or subway ride to anywhere else. We loved it!We had a family of 4 in one of their family rooms. We booked online direct with them. My sister had a separate room; she booked through Expedia. The “double” room she got is not advertised on the Hotel’s own site; those rooms are just a bit smaller and they reserve those for companies like Expedia to use. The front desk staff and doorman are all great and helpful; evidently there for a while, and when a hotel in NYC can keep its staff loyal like that, it tells me something. All the room cleaning staff were wearing back supports to protect them; that tells me the hotel cares enough to ensure their on the job safety.Our room, 902, was toward the back of the hotel, which is good, because it was very quiet. My sister’s original room, 203, was a the top of the stairs from the lobby. The first night, she got no sleep due to the noise level; the sound really carries up from the lobby, so if you’re a light sleeper, pass on that room. There’s also a place under construction right next door, and they have an overnight shift that is working it that also contributed to the noise factor. However, the next day, the hotel very graciously, and without any fuss, agreed to move my sister. She ended up in 712, a slightly larger accommodation, and it was much better. Note that all the -08 rooms are immediately across from the elevator doors, so light sleepers will hear that traffic all night.The family room is a 3 bed accommodation, one master queen bedroom, the other 2 double beds in an open room. It really does look just like the pictures on the web. Both rooms had TVs, good sized single bathroom and shower, and a separate 2nd sink outside. In room mini bar, but read the rules about that carefully. Nice selection of amenities in the bathroom. The carpets are evidently fairly new. The towels were all close to “spa” quality; not one worn towel in the bunch for 5 days. They have a lounge off the lobby which is where you can get all day coffee/tea, and where brekkie is served. We were actually quite surprised by the quality and quantity of the breakfast foods. Fresh bagels and huge muffins, fresh fruit, fruit salad, yogurts, all manner of toasts, including pop tarts (!) and cereal. It tends to get a bit crowded in there around 8:30 but by 9:00, it opens up again. TVs and complimentary newspapers throughout.Next to the location, the best part of the Hotel Metro was the price. We had originally made our reservation at the Affinia Manhattan, because it was often recommended on TA, but they were charging $700+ for their 2 bedroom suite, which includes a kitchenette, but no breakfast, and it was right near the train station. Metro charged $423, including breakfast, and it’s a 4 minute walk to Macy’s. The room was huge, and all in all we were totally delighted with the place. We'd go back in a heartbeat!	
May 15 2008 	Spot On	The hotel was lovely, the staff would do anything for you to make your stay enjoyable. They advise you on the top places to visit and eat. You could not fault the breakfast, there was fresh fruit, bread,buns, iced buns, cakes, cereal, yogurt, diced fruit, jam,marmalade,cheese,tea,coffee,pure orange juice,pure apple juice,milk,porridge and you could eat as much as you want in the dinning room or take up to your room. The rooms all had hair-dryers, iron + ironing boardsin as well as a safe + minibar,but try not using the mini bar, we went to the corner shop for the beer. The roof top was lovely sitting having a beer looking at the empirestate building.The only thing you need is a american travel plug whic we bought there + was @ £12.	
May 6 2008 	Awesome location!	I have to start with location. This is the best hotel i've ever seen with location and i've been in some good ones. Its a literal stonesthrow from Macys and a short walk from most places including the Empire State Building which we had a great view of from our room.The rooftop also gives great views but in December is slightly too cold to hang about in! The rooms are quite small but very comfortable and well kept, plus if you shop around for hotels you'll find most New York hotels have the same thing &quot;small rooms&quot; because the space is such a premium.Although expensive in most cities the Metro is very reasonable considering its NY and its got a great location.The staff were unobtrusive but helpful when asked.NB: Should you stay here, head out the front door, turn right, cross the road and call into the pizza place on the corner for a slice and a coke. The pizza is fantastic!	
Apr 21 2008 	Fantastic	This was everything it seemed on both the web and tripadvisor comments.The view of the empire state building was stunning and you can look down and see the hotel from the top of the building too! Easy shopping in macys from there and walkable to Penn station. In fact walkable to most key sites - or quick metro/bus/taxi away.Excellent muffins!Only criticism would be size of bathroom which was small for the quality of room which we had.	
Apr 16 2008	Perfect Central Location	We've just arrived back from a great long weekend in Manhatten, staying at the Hotel Metro and wanted to share our experience with others thinking of this Hotel as an option.We selected the Metro because of its apparent central position, and we weren't disappointed. Flying Continental into Newark, we'd picked a direct flight out, returning to Edinburgh via Birmingham so we could steer clear of the mess at Heathrow. Continental looked after us pretty well. The flight took 7 and a half hours, departing and arriving on time. Their choice of in-flight entertainment was very impressive and made the journey more bearable. Arriving at Newark, we took the New Jersey Transit train from Newark into New York Penn Station, only three blocks from the Metro. Two adult and one child on the train cost only $33 each way. Cheaper than a cab, and we were at Penn Station 40 minutes after boarding the train. The Metro sits in a narrow street only a block away from both the Empire State Building (left) and Macy's (right), so its already a good starting point for sightseeing. It isn't a big hotel but we found it very comfortable for our needs. Listen, you don't visit New York City to sit around a hotel room all day ! ! ! Get out there and enjoy the place ! Our party of three had booked into a Double Double room. We expected abit of a squeeze for 4 days. When we arrived we were delighted to find that they'd allocated us something akin to a small suite - one main bedroom with two double beds, one separate room with another double bed, and a shower room. Power shower would be an understatement ! Oh, and my 'other half' complained that the hairdryer lacked any power to actually dry her hair. CRISIS ! There was a well-stocked fridge with plenty of choice although the prices were typical hotel prices, with a curious warning that &quot;any item removed for more than 20 seconds would be billed to you...&quot; HOW WOULD THEY KNOW??? Was Big Brother watching???Heeding warnings we'd read about street noise, our 3rd floor room proved low enough to benefit from the full flavour of the neighbouring Irish Bars, and the &quot;24hr horn-honking&quot; that is the staple diet of US drivers. But it only disturbed us on the first night. Every other night, we were so tired from walking and the fresh air, that we slept like babies. Breakfast was included in our price but to be honest, was our only disappointment. You have to get in and out early to beat the crush. The layout of the continental style servery is poor as it occupies a corner of the dining room. This means that if its busy, you get trapped by the mass waiting behind you. There's no 'flow'. There's also a lack of seating so that on two of our four mornings, I had to stand beside the table as my family ate, failing miserably in my attempt to eat a large bagel gracefully ! !Service is very good. Staff are polite, helpful and attentive without being in your face. For example - When my partner asked ME to ask the lone female on reception where we could find &quot;Hooters&quot; (she wanted one of their T-Shirts !) the receptionist didn't even bat an eye as she checked the internet details, called them to check their address, then gave me written details to locate them !Incidentally, I didn't taste any of the Hooters fried chicken I ordered - I was too busy ogling the waitress ! !The main bus tour companies operate past the Empire State, so arranging and buying tickets was easy and well worth the cost. We could get on or off anywhere on their route at any time from 9am til 6pm and their tour guides were both informative and amusing. For us, it was all about location though. Times Square is 10 minutes walk away from the Metro. Penn Station is also home to Madison Square Garden - again a 10 minute walk. The Empire State sits on 5th Avenue, renowned for its shopping. And Broadway is at the end of the street so the theatres begin 5 minutes walk away.Would we go back? In a heartbeat. Would we stay at the Metro again? Definitely.Would we take the family again? Absolutely... not ! Next time, we're going by ourselves so that we can enjoy more of the evening entertainment and we won't have to visit M&amp;M world again ! ! !One word of warning. Prepare to leave your manners and courtesy behind you. This is a big city. It seemed like everyone was fixated on where they were going, and anything between them and their destination was game for being barged out of the way, without apolgy or even acknowledgment. It won't spoil your enjoyment of this fabulous place though. Enjoy.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Location!	I could hardly fault the Hotel Metro!Location couldn't be better: a subway at the end of the street along with Macy's, 15 min walk from Times Square, half a block from the ESB!Staff was really nice, room was big enough and even had a view on the ESB. Breakfast was more than filling and never crowded.Tiny little negative point: the air con was very noisy in our bedroom, but the airline earplugs solved the problem!	
Apr 12 2008 	What can you add!!!	We stayed at the Metro during the first week of April, taking a vacation and a shopping trip for the &quot;better half&quot;. Well, there can not be a lot to add to all the previously positive comments, only to say that I agree totally and the hotel is a great find for NY. For what you pay and what you get, with the room, hotel and staff, it is exceptional value and we will definitely stay there again.The hotel is located in a great position between 5th and 6th Avenue and is easy to access from Newark Airport. We caught the train from the airport to NY Penn, which took about 30 minutes and cost $15, then walked for 10 minutes to the hotel from the station. The walk is easy and on the way you pass the shops and Madison Square Gardens, if it’s a sunny day you also get a great initial view of the ESB! The hotel is five minutes from Macy's one way and five minutes from the shops of 5th Avenue the other. It takes about 10 - 15 minutes to walk to Times Square and subway access is just at the end of the street.While we were there we saw two shows on Broadway and purchased the tickets for $60 a piece from the last minute booth on 46th Street, just behind the Marriot off the Times Square area.I would also recommend the restaurant across the road from the Hotel, Brendan’s, as on the first night we walked for ages looking for a place to eat and ended back here. The atmosphere was good and so was the food and value. There is a great selection of fish and meat and the staff are really helpful. Try it; it is a good place for the first night, until you get your bearings.The Statton Island ferry was good too, and you get great views of DT Manhattan.If you do happen to go to Macey's get your discount card from the visitors centre on the ground floor mezzanine level, you will save 11% on most of your purchases and should provide a &quot;slight&quot; relief to the credit card!!Enjoy.	
Apr 11 2008	Great Location	It was our first trip to New York and we selected the Hotel Metro soley on the Tripadvisor reviews - and I'm glad to say it was exactly as described, i.e. good location, friendly/efficient staff and decent-sized, clean, rooms. The lounge with the free coffee is a nice touch - the only slight niggle we had was that in the morning this area is used for breakfast and it can get crowded and very, very hot. Having said that, we would certainly book in to the Metro on any future visits to New York.	
Apr 8 2008 	Hotel Metro a real gem in NY	Chose Hotel Metro thanks to reviewers on this website. Couldn't fault it at all. Staff extremely helpful. 2nd floor room at back meant it was really quiet and we could walk upstairs. Free internet access. Excellent huge muffins and bagels/cereals/yoghurt for complimentary breakfast and all day tea and coffee/hot water provided free. Superb location one block from Empire State Building and Macys...short walk to Times Square and Broadway....extremely good value for money (we booked through BA as thats who we flew into NY wih). Highly recommended. I travelled with my teenage son and we had a twin room with 2 big very comfy beds. Metro Grill attached to hotel serves superb steak and fries and cheesecake and you get 10% discount if staying in the hotel. We walked to Central Park and hired bikes for $20 for 2 hours and managed to cycle round the whole thing.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great experience overall	We stayed in the hotel at the end of February for a week and I have to say it's great! The reason I chose it was because of the reviews I'd read here- so I just wanted to add my compliments.Firstly, the best thing about this hotel is location, location, location. This was our first time in NYC, so we were really booking blind. It's within walking distance to most of the sights, and for those places a bit far away, there's a subway station less than a minute away. Macy's is a stone's throw away, and the Empire State Building is just around the corner- though you can see it from your room if you're feeling lazy!Most of the staff were lovely, and very helpful with booking tours and giving advice and directions.The breakfast is amazing- about 5 different types of bagels, breads, cheeses, fruit, cereal, muffins, juices, tea, coffee- it was really a great set up for the day. AND there's complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby throughout the day- fantastic!The rooms was lovely too, and really quite big for a standard room. And the safe was really big, our laptop fit in with plenty of room for money, jewellery etc. There's an ipod dock, which is great for listening to some tunes when you're recovering from the days trekking! The shower was gorgeous too- really powerful!And there's plenty of shelf room in the bathroom, which is important for when you're trying to pamper or do make-up! I didn't bother bringing my hairdryer because of space, but the one in the hotel was fine- the battery didn't power out once while I was using it, which can be really annoying in hotels.There was a slight problem with the restaurant- myself and my boyfriend ate there about an hour before they were due to close on a Wednesday, and the food looked like it was thrown together. The waiter was very friendly, but it looked, and tasted, like the food was just taken out of the fridge and popped into the microwave. But I think this business is separate to the hotel- just thought I'd mention it.Basically, I would most definitely book this hotel- it's a real gem. I've compared experiences with other people, and it really seems that for the price we paid, we got so many extras	
Apr 5 2008 	Great find	Having read previous reviews of this hotel decided to book. Given the price was less than most others considered, did not have great expectations. This hotel is a great find in a wonderful location - one block from Macy's, walking distance to the Theatre District, close to the subway for shopping uptown or in Soho. Staff were friendly, rooms of very adequate size, and complimentary breakfast a welcome addition. Would recommend to others and will stay here on our next visit to NYC.	
Apr 4 2008 	Staff was really helpful - nice continental breakfast	From the moment we arrived the staff seemed happy to see us arrive (verses thinking we are another pain headed their way), treated us as guests and was helpful throughout the entire trip with directions, theater tickets, transportation, etc. This was my youngests son's first trip to the Big Apple and he thought it was great. Thanks for making his first trip so memorable.....we'll be back.The location was also nice and centrally located in Mid-Town.Dan H - Apple Valley MN	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Place to Stay	All the positives written about Hotel Metro in the previous postings are correct. With friendly helpful staff, great access to the subway, great shopping on your doorstep, tasty pizza at the end of the street, and a comfortable clean room there is little else that you would need!! Our room was facing the street and therefore we experienced a reasonable level of street noise, but that is NYC and we got used to it quickly.Yes the room was small, but it was comfortable and we didn't spend a lot of time in there anyway. The breakfast room with 24hr coffee was great albeit a little crowded in the morning! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will be back when next in New York. I would recomend this Hotel to anyone	
Mar 29 2008	Good Location Small Rooms	This reminded me of several independent hotels I've stayed at in Europe. Small rooms, small bathrooms, small elevators...not at all like your American mega-chains. Nothing special about the rooms at all, just your basic and in need of major refurbishing. TV's were very old, with two remotes for different control functions. The only thing in the room I liked was the shower. Front desk was very friendly and accomodating. Next door is a small pizza shop, the Metro Grill for standard American fare (great deserts), two Irish pubs and there are a couple Korean/Asian restaurants on the same side of the street. If you are going to shop in the area--be prepared for large crowds and extremely messing/unorganized racks!! You can tell a million people pass through these shops a day. It was hard to find something that wasn't on the right rack or on the floor.	
Mar 28 2008 	Not new but nice	We stayed from Wednesday to Sunday. The location of the hotel was excellent (one block from Empire State Building and one block from Macy's). Friendly staff, espescially the bell boy. Free coffe and tea 24 hour's and a complimentary continental breakfast was nice. Breakfast room not the best because it partially was set up with sofa's and coffe tables, but remember there are two rooms for eating breakfast. The second one is much better. Room was clean, but not european standard in size. Safe in room was big enough. I could put my laptop in side it. We used the penthouse terrace for the smoker's in the party, much better than standing on the sidewalk. We did not test the fitness room and did'nt see anybody else there either. Location close to main sight's and bus stop for tourist buses. Wery close to the subway. We liked it and would probably recomend it to friends even though we had wanted a bigger room. The hotel will probably need a &quot;brush up&quot; of the room's in the near future, but still no problem's with the two rooms we had booked. Try to get a room on the back side and avoid the noice from the street.	
Mar 27 2008 	Hotel Metro - a hidden gem	Everything said about this hotel (positive) is true. Great Midtown location with a subway at the end of the street with trains direct to Battery Park (Statue of Liberty), posh shops (5th Avenue) and Central Park West. Macys, Empire State Building, Times Square, within walking distance.Good shopping if you are prepared to look and with the largest department store in the world on your doorstep no excuse not to spend a few dollars. Great places to eat out and we would highly recommend the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Terminal and for a real romantic treat try the World Yacht fine dining cruise around Manhatten Bay at night (WOW).We weren't so keen on the Metro Bar and Grill attached to the hotel as it was more of a bar than a place to eat.We stayed in a Queens size bedroom and having stayed in plenty of hotels right up to 5 star would say that based on value for money it is faultless. Yes, the room was small but had a very comfortable bed, nice sized wardrobe/closet, safe for laptop or small bag and a functional bathroom with great power shower. NYC is not a place to go if you are going to spend any length of time in your room, it is simply a place to sleep. We had a room at the front overlooking 35th Street and it WAS noisy but you get used to it. NYC really is a city that never sleeps but that made us get up and out early every day.Breakfasts are filling and the coffee/tea is a really welcome benefit of staying at the Hotel Metro.Overall NYC is the most amazing city we have ever visited, fast, noisy, bustling but enjoyable and absolutely revistable. The Hotel Metro as a base camp is a great, great hotel for all the above reasons and we would DEFINITELY stay there again.We really hope this helps as the previous reviews helped us make the right decision.	
Mar 25 2008	Great Deal for NYC	Nice hotel for a reasonable New York City price. Clean rooms, friendly staff, good continental breakfast (muffins, cereals, yogurt, etc.). Rooms are TINY...so be forewarned. A double room is nothing more than a double bed with little extra room at all - we couldn't even open our bathroom door all the way w/o hitting the bed! (Bathroom is very small, as well - no tub, just a shower.) BUT...excellent location, great pizza just a few doors down. Surrounded by Irish pubs &amp; bars, within walking distance of all NYC tourist spots.Definitely check out the view from the rooftop terrace. It makes the stay worthwhile!!	
Mar 22 2008 	Once again I loved this Hotel	I just got back from a two day stay at the Hotel Metro. I stayed there once before at the end of 2005, and liked it enough to stay again in March 2008.As most of the reviews indicate, the location is great. The Empire State, Macy's, Madison Square Garden and Times Square are a few minute walk away. This time we paid for a double bed and were ugraded to a King Bed with a nice soaking tub at no cost. The bed was really comfortable, and the room included a closet with safe. Breakfast is included, and was good. Rooftop area is nice, and the hotel has a nice fitness area also. Don't let the 2 star rating on this site discourage you, this hotel is a great place to stay at a fairly reasonable price. We travel a lot all over the world, and have stayed at a lot of 4 star hotels, and this hotel meets our needs nicely.	
Mar 20 2008 	Love the Metro	We stayed at the Metro for five nights in February, having to extend one night because of flight cancellations from weather. The hotel was accomodating to our needs and charged a fair price despite our bind. The room was spotless and comfortable. The desk staff were lovely. Breakfast was abundant though not particularly innovative. The hotel is half a block from the nearest subway and convenient to all public transportation as well as being within walking distance of many tourist attractions.i will stay here again.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great hotel great location	Excellent hotel. We've just come back from a stay (11-17 March 2008) and I can only reiterate what other positive reviewers have said. A brilliant location, with the 34th St subway 100 yards away which takes you up or down-town to most of the major places in Manhattan. The hotel is incredibly clean and is decorated in a nice modern/1930s style. Our room was at the back of the hotel so quite dark, but with the darkness you also get quiet, away from the hub-bub of Midtown Manhattan, which was much needed after a hectic day in the city. It was spacious and the bed was huge and very comfortable. No tea/coffee making facilities in room but 24 hour access to hot drinks in the downstairs lounge. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Our toilet flooded at one point and a member of the staff came to fix it within minutes. They also provide useful local information. As well as a free breakfast (quite unusual in NYC hotels) there was also free computer access, a gym and an amazing roof terrace which looks out onto the Empire State Building. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there if we go to NYC again. I will be recommending it to all my friends and family!	
Mar 18 2008	A wonderful experience from start to finish.	I had originally planned to stay at another( far more expensive) hotel.The travel agent highly recommended this hotel so I went ahead.I was a bit apprehensive I must admit but I was so glad that I had listened to her!!! From start to finish my daughter and I were treated like we were the only residents.Through my work I had stayed in the Ritz Carlton in Miami in January-the front desk in Miami could learn a lot from Anu,Matthew etc etc.We upgraded to a larger room which was well worth every cent.Our every request was dealt with promptly and efficiently including the morning my daughter shut my coat in the safe and I was stuck!!The location was great for shopping and the subway too.I loved the breakfast selection -this also saved us a fair bit of money too I may add.All in all I cannot say one negative thing about our stay here.Roll on March 2010 when God willing we will return to celebrate my daughter's 30th Birthday!!!!	
Mar 16 2008	Great Little Hotel	16th March 2008Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Metro, New York which we booked along with flights through British Airways after much research. Virtually every review of the hotel was favourable, and we would certainly agree with everybody else. Fantastic location, couple of blocks from Empire State, round the corner from 5th Avenue and a Metro stop nearby; couldn't have been better. Room was excellent and clean and as mentioned the rooftop area affords a brilliant view of the Empire State, especially at night. Breakfast was good and set us up nicely for a day's sightseeing; and the staff were helpful when needed. Can recommend the Ruby Tuesday restaurant just off Times Square, good value and good menu. Altogether an excellent stay, and looking forward to going back, and would have no hesitation at staying at the Metro again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel in a fab location. The room was comfortable, clean and spacious and couldn't fault it at all. Breakfast was included in the price and consisted of bagels, fruit, cereals etc and was enough to keep you going until lunch. The roof terrace was fantastic with a great view of the Empire State Building and there is a small gym also. The location is great for MSG and 34th street shopping. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 7 2008 	Wonderful Stay!	After much comparison shopping and research, we chose the Metro for our recent long weekend in the Big Apple. We were travelling with our two oldest children, ---who brother and sister or not, are post-puberty and flat refuse to share a bed--- so we needed three beds. Those are not easy to find in NYC! We were thrilled with the Hotel Metro's Family Suite! The kids had a room with two double beds and we had our own room! The staff was great- the manager even sent a bag of souvenirs that we had left on to our home for us! They were happy to arrange transportation, recommend restaurants, and hold our luggage until our flight. The breakfast was filling, the place is immaculately clean, and the location is just about perfect! What more could you possibly ask ?	
Mar 3 2008 	Very helpful staff.	Room small but adequate, comfortable and clean, quieter at the rear. Great position for shopping &amp; sightseeing. Most pleasant and helpful reception staff - including doorman - that I've found in New York. Breakfast not a gourmet feast but adequate in the price range and plenty of alternatives nearby if more substantial preferred. Would stay there again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great location!	My mum and I stayed at Hotel Metro in February this year. We received decent rates on Expedia and we were impressed by the reviews the hotel had received on this website.I had booked a month or so in advance and had requested a non-smoking rooms away from the elevator. Much to my disatisfaction, we were given a smoking room right next to the elevator - not impressed! However, in the hotel's defence, the smoking rooms were very well maintained and the smell of smoke was not too bad, it was just when you entered the floor and caught the smoke from the other rooms. Be sure when requesting a non-smoking rooms that it is for health reasons, this will give you a better chance of getting one.The elevator was a bit annoying, hearing people getting in and out all night and the &quot;ding&quot; as it arrived at our floor. I think our room was one of the older ones, the heater didn't work and there was no in-room safe as their website stated.On a positive note though, the location was sensational! The rooms were very comfortable and always clean. The breakfast each day was great, coffee on tap 24/7 was also a nice treat as both my mum and I are big coffee drinkers. I liked that the hotel had both elevators and stairs for those who don't like elevators. The bell staff could have been a little more helpful. Upon leaving the bell guy watched as my mum and I struggled with our bags, didn't even open the door for us. I found this a little rude.	
Mar 1 2008 	Truly a hidden gem!!	Stayed at the Hotel Metro Feb. 24, 25 and 26 and truly enjoyed our experience. Location is excellent, you can walk to almost anywhere. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful . Very nice continental breakfast available daily with enough selections to satisfy almost anyone. The room was nicely appointed and though somewhat small it was very comfortable. Very good value for the money. We would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in New York without taking out a second mortgage.Larry from North Carolina	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Stay!	My wife and I stayed here for four nights mid February. We choose this hotel based on the reviews on TripAdvisor and I have to say they were very helpful. We found the staff to be great and the rooms larger than we expected (stayed in a king superior) and well maintained. The continental breakfast was well stocked and provided good healthy fuel to start each day of sightseeing. The location is great with Macy's 1 1/2 blocks away, MSG 3 blocks, and Times Square 6 blocks. There is a subway entrance on the same block as the hotel. Our only issue was finding a decent restaurant near the hotel late at night (after a show). Everything seems to close at 11pm. We learned to eat before we headed back at the end of each day. Overall a great stay at a reasonable price. The Hotel Metro will definately be our home for future visits.	
Feb 24 2008 	A little gem...	I visited the Hotel Metro for 4 nights last weekend and have to say it was wonderful. I usually stay at the hotel over the road - but no more. The hotel is very clean, very relaxing and the staff are not in your face but really nice and helpful if you need them. I stayed in a Superior Queen room and for one person the size was plentiful. The complimentary breakfast has an excellent choice - the muffins are huge! I visit New York every year at this time and the Metro is the place I will be staying from now on, The roof terrace was open during my stay and it was amazing to take a coffee up there and sit for there for a while admiring the Empire State Building, to rest and recuperate ready for the next spot of shopping! Thank you Hotel Metro.	
Feb 23 2008 	Couldn't Have Been Happier!	We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite and found the price to be very reasonable, the room was spacious and we thoroughly enjoyed our visit! The main room had two double beds, a round dining table for 4 and a typical armoire with TV, etc... Nothing fancy, but it was updated, clean and plenty of room to move around. The 2nd bedroom had a king bed, desk and TV stand. It was great to put the kids to bed and be able to retreat to our own space and could watch TV without disturbing them. Breakfast is included downstairs in a very comfortable lounge area made up of 3 rooms with a variety of seating at dining tables or overstuffed armchairs and couches. CNN is on the flat screen TV's and the cold breakfast was generous. There were yogurts, muffins, donuts, toast, bagels, fresh fruit, juice, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and more. Most guests were European and it was fun to sit and guess what languages were being spoken. There is also a bar upstairs which is open during nice weather with a gorgeous view of the Empire State Building.The staff were all very friendly and helpful and the location was ideal! We were 1/2 a block from Macy's and maybe 3 blocks from the Empire State Building. It would probably be a great location for Madison Square Garden or Bryant Park visitors. There was a subway entrance very close and a Duane Reade drugstore around the corner. Great location, great service, excellent accommodations! We would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 22 2008 	Great Midtown Hotel	We booked this hotel through BA website as they had an offer on and in comparison to other central hotels the price was really reasonable. The 'superior queen' room was nicely decorated, clean and more than adequate for a city break. I'd read so much about small hotel rooms but I found there was enough for us. The bathroom was also nicely decorated with marble basin and a good shower.Ok the elevators are going through some refurbishment but two were working and honestly waiting a couple of extra minutes is no big deal - for us anyway.We couldn't fault the hotel or the staff - they're not in your face but if you needed anything they were helpful and obliging. The free breakfast was a bonus and the location of the hotel is perfect. Macy's and Broadway at one end of the street and 5th Avenue at the other. The Subway station is just a minute down the street connecting you to the joys of the rest of the city. If you're after an above average hotel at a decent rate, this could be for you.	
Feb 15 2008	Would definitely go back	We got a fab deal through the BA website and spent a night here before we were due to fly back to the UK. We stayed with friends on the outskirts of NY for the rest of our stay but wanted an evening in Manhattan to have dinner etc. Other friends stayed in another 'top' hotel and payed at least double the price for what was only used as a 'bed for the night'. The room was clean and staff helpful. We had to confirm our BA flights 24 hours before and so were able to confirm flights, book seats and print boarding passes all free of charge.The free coffee and tea just off the lobby was a welcome treat as the snow fell in the city and the breakfast enough to keep us going until well after lunchtime!Our only problem was getting a passing cab to take us to Grand Central to get the airport shuttle. We had to walk (with lots of luggage/shopping) to the main road to flag one down.My mum got lots of 'Senior' discounts around the city without showing any ID. I got 11% off everything (including Sale prices) at Macy's just by going to the Visitor Centre on the first floor and showing ID. A fabulous stay in NYC all round.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Location	We wanted a hotel close to MSG. This was a perfect location. Stayed here 2 years ago and liked and the price was good for a city hotel. Clean,nice comp.breakfast.  Two things that bothered me- No doorman - door was heavy and there was quite abit of wind which made it hard to hold and the elevators were VERY VERY slow.	
Feb 7 2008 	What a friendly place to stay	The hotel is very pretty inside and the people that work there are very nice. They go out of their way to help you with whatever you need. I had heard that the rooms in New York were small. They are small here too. The room I stayed in was perfect for one person. The Queen size bed was very comfortable. The whole room was very clean and well appointed. If you are looking for a luxory hotel, this is not it. However, if you are looking for a good hotel where you can feel safe and is central to downtown Manhattan, this is the one. I would most definitely stay here again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Perfect NY hotel	I combed through all the Trip Advisor comments before booking at the Metro for July in New York. I'm writing this review to confirm that every good thing you've read is true. The hotel is chic, professional, clean, air-conditioned, convenient and good value for money. Even though I have friends in the New York area, I think I'll stay here in the future.	
Feb 1 2008	Hotel Metro staff	We stayed at the the Hotel Metro last week. Although not a luxury facility, the hotel was clean and had an air of sophistication. The staff was very pleasant. Ana Maria in the bar was particularly cordial. We would stay there again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Could not fault it!	We booked this hotel on the BA website and was attracted by the price. We were not expecting much but were really suprised and pleased. The reception staff were friendly and even though we checked in early they had our room ready and had left a small gift as they knew it was my birthday. Some have commented on the size of the rooms but there was more then enough space. A queen bed, dressing table, a set of drawers, 2 bed side cabinets and a wardrobe big enough for clothes and 2 suitcases! The free safe is inside the wardrobe - which we had trouble working but someone arrived within 10 minutes to help! The view of the ESB from the roof top terrace was great. The hotel is in a great location, really central and close to Times Square. The sub-way is less then a minute from the hotel and a great way to get about. The breakfast was right up my street and certainly enough to keep you going to lunch, huge muffins, toast, bagels, cereal, fresh fruit with tea and coffee on tap all day. The reception staff were helpful and booked an attraction for us as well as arranging our return trip to the airport on the shuttle bus (slightly cheaper then getting a cab but just as good). This is a really great value for money hotel in a excellent location. Would stay here again and would happily recommend.	
Jan 23 2008 	great location great staff.	My wife and i stayed at the metro for four nights in early january.We mainly chose this hotel because it had been recomended by several of our friends who had stayed there before,We could not beileve how well located the hotel was with macy`s at one end of the street and the empire state building at the other end . As this was our first trip to nyc we could not have hoped for a better choice of accomodation . The staff were very friendly and could not do enough for us, We stayedin a queen room which although they are not huge are very clean and tidy with a very comfortable bed , which after a day of hard shopping is a welcome relief. My wife and i will most definitely be staying here again on our next visit to the big apple.	
Jan 22 2008	Great Location Friendly Staff	The hotel itself is very retro in decor so it wouldn't have been my first choice upon booking but due to it being the first week in December there wasn't a lot of vacacnies in this price range so we gave it a chance. We were very please to discover on arrival that the hotel was so central we were looking up at the empire state from our room. The hotel was definitely retro in style but very clean, the maid service was daily and they cleaned above what they needed to. The breakfast was limited but enough to start you for the day (fresh fruit, toast, yoghurts, pastries and muffins), it was all self service so you could get enough to fill! One tip would be to get there early or be prepared to take something back to your room because there are limited seats in the breakfast area. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, it is a very good budget choice in a city where hotels are so expensive.	
Jan 17 2008	fantastic location great hotel	had a 4night stay at hotel metro just over a week ago, was a present for my sisters 21st birthday and was just the two of us staying there. was my sisters first trip to nyc and we couldnt have picked a better hotel! it was just so central to everything macys became our corner shop for the week! the empire state building looms over the hotel, fith avenue is on the door step, times square is only a 10-15min walk away, central park is 20mins we walked absolutly everywhere as it was all so close! though there is a metro stop at the end of the street if you wanted to go a bit further afield. grabed a cab from jfk which is only $45 fixed(not including toll+tip) to anywhere in manhatten. hotel staff friendly at check in and doormen always had a smile on there face. foyer is in a very tastefull art deco style. and there is a large breakfast room, the breakfast was impressive as it is included in the cost amazing selection of muffins, bagels, cereal, toast, yoghurts, musli, fresh fruit, fruit salad, toast, fruit juice, tea, coffee, and hot choc. the muffins are huge!!we was in room 10 01 which was small but still a comfortable size with enough storage for 2large suitcases and bathroom had a nice double shower. also the laptop size safe was a bonus, we had read that there was free wifi access in rooms so had brought the mac (check out the apple store on 5th avenue its a work of art)there was plenty of space for the mac, the camera and everything else. did get a bit of noise from the building work that is going on from the street but wasnt a major problem. there are loads of restarants and cafe in close proximity, would love to recomend a pub/restarant, called heartland brewery, its right under the empire state building, portions are huge, service was fantastic and was our nicest meal of the trip, for a meal with a bit of fun, check out ellens stardust dinner. 1650 broadway the waitress's all sing while you eatand often get you to join in a bit, food wasnt amazing but was cheap and chearfull but the atmosphere was brilliant!going back to the hotel, there is a small gym that is well equiped and the veiw from the roof top is as spectacular as everyone sais would love to come back in the summer when the roof top bar is open. if your thinking about taking a helicopter tour look into zip over tours they are cheaper than liberty(the one that is advertised everywhere) and based next door but we had a fantastic experiance with them. there was only one tiny negative point we would like to make, the reception staff recomended the shuttle bus to take us back to the airport, it was $15 each which is cheaper than a cab (for 2people) but you are beter of paying the extra for a cab. the bus that picked us up was extremly cramped, we was practically sitting on each others lap. and it took an age to go round the other places picking people up. just get a cab!will definatly use this hotel the next time i visit NYC and have already recomended to friends	
Jan 17 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at the hotel Metro in early December and had a fantastic time. It was our first time in new york and i wanted to be close to the action so i was very glad to pull up to such a central location. Times square and broadway were about a 10 minute walk away and Macy's was literally down the street. The empire state building was a short walk away aswell. There was a subway station on the street too which was handy when we couldnt actually be bothered to walk to time square (1 stop)! We found that our room was a good size and was very clean. There was a nice flat screen TV and channels galore. Not that we spent much time watching it. We could see the empire state building from our window. Although our window faced the road we were not disturned by any traffic. Which could have been because we were always very tired by the time we came back each evening. The breakfast is free and theres a decent selection.....pastries, cereal, fruit juice ect. We found the people on reception very friendly helpful. They also booked us a taxi when we were leaving.All in all a great room, in a great hotel in an amazing location in an amazing city!	
Jan 11 2008 	Great Location Construction noise....	Overall we had a pleasant stay at the Hotel Metro. The room we had was great, hot tub and flat screen TV in the bathroom. The elevators were very slow and old but to my understanding they are being updated judging by the signs around the hotel. Some minor problems were that the room service wasnt available for much time, but the restaurant was open pretty late so that made up for it. the restaurant in the hotel was fantastic. the staff were plesant and very quick and the food was outstanding. the main problem i had with the stay was the noise from the consruction in the next building. It started extremely early and felt like they were drilling a hole in my head. Other than that it was a good stay. Im sure i will visit again.	
Jan 8 2008 	Hotel Metro Never Fails!	I first stayed at the Hotel Metro about 8 years ago and over the years have returned when visiting NY either for business or pleasure. There are so many things right with this hotel, starting with the location (right in the heart of mid-town, near the Empire State Bldg and Macys in a neighborhood filled with small markets, pubs ,restaurants AND right next to a subway stop) to the price, and of course the wonderful staff.  I particularly like the free continental b-fest of muffins, bagels, cereal and yogurt) and the free gym which I noticed was recently re-furbished. The bathrooms are not the biggest, nor are the rooms, but this is NY, and how much time do you spend in your room anyway? I did notice this last time that some of the carpets/fixtures in the room were showing their age but when the price, location and staff are this welcoming, who could argue? I highly recommend Hotel Metro and will likely stay there next time I visit wonderful New York City.	
Jan 8 2008 	Perfert City Break Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of Dec 2007 and for a city break this has everything you could ask for.The first impression was great because the hotel had beautiful Christmas decorations outside and a friendly concierge waiting to open the doors for you as you step out of the cab.The reception staff were very helpful friendly and knowledgeable and more than happy to answer any questions about subway stops, attractions, fares, even recommending cheap airport transport options....simply anything.The room (ours was a basic double room, not a suite) was very clean, warm and comfortable although a little small but who is going to spend time in their hotel room in NY, apart from sleeping that is?) We had a full bathroom with plenty of hot water, a mini bar (expensive as always but there if you wanted it) a safe, hairdryer and a TV.Every morning a 'continental' breakfast is served and this is complimentary. There was everything to set you up for the day bagels, toast, rolls, cereals, fresh fruit, cheese, yogurts, muffins and pastries. We only drink decaffeinated coffee and were sure we would be unlucky but sure enough it was there on tap and coffee is available in the lounge 24 hours a day, very welcome when you come back from a long day seeing the sights on a cold Dec day.The roof terrace was reported to only be open seasonally but to our delight it was open still in Dec so we assume they mean that the bar up there isn't open all year round but it was wonderful to go up there and see the Empire State building so close up. The location of this hotel is amazing. I would forget the swanky uptown, near Central Park locations and plump for this Midtown location any time. we were able to see both the Empire State and Macy's from our roof terrace (just 2 minutes walk away), the subway station was at the end of the road and Times Sq was just a 10 minute walk away. We didn't try the hotel restaurant but directly opposite the Metro is Brendan's, which is a very traditional diner/bar with high ceilings and mosaic floors, the burgers were good too. Also there were 2 Irish bar/restaurants two minutes along the roadAll in all this hotel had thought of everything you could need on a city break to the Big Apple, there was even a gym if you still had energy after pounding the sidewalks. If there was one complaint it would have to be the lifts which were slow and unable to cope with the packed hotel but they are in the process of renovating these and notices are up apologising for the inconvenience so you can't complain because they are aware and are trying to make them better.We met many people who had stayed at this hotel before and had come back to stay again and we will certainly be among them on our return to wonderful New York!!	
Jan 4 2008 	Perfect location for a sightseing/shopping trip	A very late review of our stay!We booked 5 nights at Hotel Metro through Virgin Holidays UK. The visit was part of our honeymoon, and one of the main reasons we booked this hotel was the location &amp; roof top bar.We were very disappointed that the roof terrace was closed for renovation as we hadnt been told - Virgin however refunded us 15% of the cost for this.We booked a deluxe room, and was surprised to find this was right opposite the lifts, so we heard the lifts going up &amp; down through the night &amp; people coming &amp; going.The room was quite small, but we expected this having stayed in other NYC hotels previously. It was big enough though for the 2 of us, a LOT of luggage and a small table. Bed very comfy, room very clean, bathroom overflowing with toiletries. Huge TV with a good choice of channels. Free safe inside the wardrobe.The staff were friendly and helpful in booking us airport transfers and making recommendations. We used the free internet service to email home &amp; update them on our wedding &amp; honeymoon which we found really useful.The major selling point of this hotel is the location - in 5 days, we only took 1 taxi (to Ground zero/statue of librety) and could walk everywhere else.15 mins Times Square, less than 5 mins to Macy's/34th street shops &amp; Empire State building, 25mins to Central Park &amp; main 5th Avenue shops, 15 mins to Grand Central.We did get a 48hr all loops tour on Grayline open top buses from Times Square which was brilliant - we got on &amp; off where we wanted to, and it was great for seeing all areas of New York that we may have not took a taxi to or had time to walk to.The night tour was brilliant - especially over the Brooklyn Bridge!Another selling point of the hotel was the breakfast - it was included and there was a good selection. 24hr tea &amp; coffee was fab as well after a long day sightseeing or shopping.I would stay in this hotel again - the small cons were far outweighed by the pros - and would recommend this to anyone -in fact, my parents are booked to stay there for their 1st trip to NYC in 3 weeks time!!If you want luxury then its not for you, but if you want a comfortable, clean place to stay in a fab location that is in a slightly higher class then yor comfort inn/travel inn, then this is the place for you. I dont think you can beat the location of this place!Make sure you take a trip to Bubba Gump Shrimp restaurant in Times Square, Top of the Rock (which we thought had better views then Empire State), a carriage ride through Central Park &amp; trip to see the Statue of Liberty.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Hotel Metro	New York: Hotel MetroWe spent 5 days in New York over Christmas at Hotel Metro and we must say that we were absolutely delighted. Although the hotel is not luxurious it is very comfortable and clean. The staff is extremely polite and helpfull. Breakfast is not extravagant but good enough to start the day. We had a 2 bedrooms very large family room with 2 double beds and one queen bed wich was ideal for 2 adults and 2 grown up children. The price over the Xmas period was very good indeed including breakfast which we thought was excellent value. Free Wi-Fi access, laptop safe, calm. The hotel is also ideally located: 5 minutes' walk to Macy's, 5 minutes walk to the Empire State Building and the 5th Avenue, 10 minutes walk to Times Square. The hotel also has a rooftop terrace giving a fantastic view of the Empire State building. We highly recommend this hotel and will not hesitate to go back.A tripadvisor member, Geneva, Switzerland.	
Dec 31 2007	great place - 4 years in a row	This is the fourth year in a row that I have stayed at Hotel Metro. It is in a great location, right near Macy's and the Empire State Building. It appears that the hotel has now completed it room remodeling, which is great. The staff is nice, and the rooms are sufficiently large. Try to get a room away from the street side, and you'll sleep better. The hotel is always clean. I will book again.	
Dec 29 2007	Great Location	We booked this hotel via an airline website. It's located about 50 yards from Macy's and slap bang in the middle of Manhattan. We asked to be moved to a rear room after the first night as it was a bit noisyat the front, but then it was great! Free Breakfast was the Highlight of the whole trip - whilst watching Chrysler adverts on the Breakfast TV (not sure about this one). It is located near to a few pubs, which is great if you like boozing, and it is only 100 yards from the EmpireState. Thumbs up for the reception staff, and there is a nice bar adjacent to the hotel. Rooms are OK size.	
Dec 20 2007 	Nice Hotel	We picked this hotel with location and price in mind and were not disappointed. For those with the same intentions this hotel was great. Additionally, the staff was great and was quick to respond to any problems and did so in an appropriate manor. The breakfast is included and is something substantial. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 18 2007	Hotel Metro - a fantastic place	We stayed at Hotel Metro for 5 nights at the start of December and couldn't fault any of our stay. Right from our arrival to our departure, the staff were great and the service was brilliant. The room we had was just a standard room, but catered for all our needs and was very clean, with the linen and towels changed everyday. The breakfasts in the morning are served from 6am until 11am so plenty of time to stock up on the delicious muffins, bagels, toast, yoghurt and fresh fruit. Tea and coffee is on tap free of charge 24 hours a day, just the trick when you've come in from a hard days shopping and hectic sightseeing, to give you the boost for the nighttime. The location of the hotel is ideal, within walking distance of Macy's, Broadway, Empire State Building, Central Park to name but a few. Am planning on going back to NY in a couple of years and will certailny stay there again.	
Dec 14 2007 	Enjoyable stay at the Metro	Walked from Grand Central to the Metro - found it easy to find, and the art deco bright neon sign was nice and set the tone for the hotel. Check in was quick, the room was very nicely appointed, if small (as I expected). Looked like it had recently been redone, and the linens and pillows made it feel like it was a more upscale hotel. No complaints at ALL about the room. The lobby and breakfast room were also very nice, and art deco styled -- felt very &quot;New York.&quot; And there's a very good free breakfast, and free coffee or tea anytime, day or night.The lowest point of the hotel is the staff. The doorman regularly would not even attempt to help us with the door, even when we arrived back with large Christmas gifts! The front desk staff were adequate, but one time they continued their conversation well after I'd walked up to the counter. But they recommended a great restaurant -- Brendan's -- so I give them kudos for that!	
Dec 12 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here last month and it was perfect! Good location near Subway and walking distance to Bryant Park and Grand Central Terminal(gorgeous!). We live in Atlanta and were worried about not having enough &quot;space&quot; Their rooftop bar (closed in the winter but still available) was a perfect refuge for an evening cocktail brought from the room and then out to dinner or room service from the Metro Grill. HUGE portions and pretty good- very good if you've been walking all day. Can't beat the continental breakfast- it's free and you get it before you get ready for the day. Can't say enough about the rooftop- where else in Manhattan can you have 550 square feet to just a few people. Oh, and the windows in the bathroom open to fresh air.	
Dec 12 2007	Great Location Good Hotel	As has been mentioned in other posts, the best part of this hotel is location. Within walking distance to Macy's (important for that Christmas shopping), Times Square, Empire State Bldg, etc. Close to the subway, too, for those places a bit too far away to walk. My room was very large by big city comparisons (most recently the closet called a room I stayed in during my Paris visit), so maybe I just got lucky. No view from my room, but that was OK. I found the staff very helpful and curteous, so not sure where that complaint comes from. Nice older hotel that has evidently been remodeled in the past few years. Good breakfast, etc. Good restaurant attached, and a very good bar and grill right across the street (Brennan's). No complaints, especially for the money.	
Dec 11 2007	Excellent!	We stayed here for 6 nights &amp; had a great stay! When we booked the hotel we stated that it was a birthday celebration &amp; that a view of the Empire State Building would be appreciated. This was duly met, along with a small box of chocolates &amp; a message on our phone. We'd stayed in Las Vegas &amp; Toronto before NYC &amp; this was the first hotel to make any concession- well done!The hotel is clean &amp; modern, &amp; whilst I wouldn't describe it as luxurious it is more than comfortable. The room was clean &amp; equipped with plenty of storage, an iron &amp; board, hair dryer &amp; in-room safe, everything we needed. The free breakfast was very good &amp; the staff were polite &amp; unfailingly helpul. There is a gym on the top floor, along with a roof terrace, which although isn't really usable in December, is a great vantage point for photos of the ESB.The best plus point is the location- Broadway, Macys &amp; a subway at one end of the street, Fifth Avenue, the ESB &amp; buses to up &amp; down town at the other, add to that the bars &amp; restaurants within easy walking distance &amp; the location was perfect for us!I would really recommend this hotel &amp; would use it whenever in NYC!	
Dec 8 2007 	Right smack bang in the middle of Manhattan	Well this is the third time I have been to the Metro, 45 West 35th Street, New York. It is not a big flash hotel, it is not fabulous, but the biggest attribute is where it is positioned. Right opposite Macys, where you could spend all day!!!This time we had a family suite, 2 bedrooms with two double beds in one, and 1 double bed in the other. It had one shower room with toilet and sink, but another sink outside (the shower room). As it is always girls on shopping trips, these rooms are fine, warm and everything needed, AND lots of room to store your wares!!!! the room was $450 a night without taxes,etc, but it worked out around £340.00 each (3 girls) for 4 nights, which is around £85.00 a night each, £255.00 for the room each night. But this includes breakfast which includes, coffee, tea, cereal, cheeses, fresh fruit, muffins, bagels, cakes etc. Coffee is also available all day until late night. Instead of bringing one in, you just need to help yourself and take it to your room, or have it in the lounge.When you come out of the hotel, turn right and you are at Macys, Herald Square, turn left and you are in Fifth Avenue. 1 Block down is the Empire State Building.Food - at the end of the street on the way to Macys is a Pizza place, with the most gorgeous pizza slices I have tasted for about $2.79 (starting from). Lord &amp; Taylor (department store) is in Fifth Avenue and they have a super cafe on the 6th floor, fabby. They sell ice cream cake, a different flavour every day. We had lunch here twice. Afternoon tea at lady Mendl's Tea Salon was fabulous (you'll see this on the web site), its in Greenwich Village. 5 courses, salad with vinegareitte, sandwichs, scones, cake, and strawberries dipped in chocolate, cookies etc. $45 each includes taxes and tip, Irvine place.This is my tenth time to NY, if you need any help/questions just email me.	
Dec 7 2007 	A Great First Time In NYC At The Metro	We stayed at the Metro for 3 nights at the end of November. We booked through Virgin, flew into JFK and had arranged transfers through Virgin to the hotel which took us right to the door. Check in was very effecient and didnt take long. We were allocated a room on the 7th floor opposite the lifts, which did cause us a bit of noise when the lift stopped on our floor late at night.The room was quite spacious. Bed was extremely comfy - particularly after walking round all day. Bathroom was an adequte size with an abundance of toiletries left to use. There was a large TV in a cabinet which offered a good channel choice. Plenty of storage space available for clothes etc plus ironing board and iron. Use of room safe was FREE, really good for keeping documents and money nice and safe while out and about. Use of the internet at the Metro is also FREE and can be booked at reception. No drinks making facilities in room itself but drinks machine available in dining area 24 hours a day and can take them up to rooms.Continental breakfast had a good choice on offer with cereals, fresh fruit, bagels, toast, croissants, jams and extra large size muffins ( which were gorgeous). The dining area is lovely and casual with some chairs and tables but also some armchairs and sofas for those who really like to chill out over breakfast. For those who wanted to, you can take breakfast up to your room. The best thing about the Metro is its location. Right between 5th &amp; 6th Avenues, a subway station on the corner of the street and literally a couple of minutes walk to Broadway, the Empire State and Macys. Getting around to anywhere from the Metro was easy!!A couple of recommendations - A traditional NY deli on 5th Avenue called the Green PeaAn American diner off Times Square called Brooklyns (have the cheesecake)An Irish bar off Times Square called O' Lunneys ( very friendly)A Korean bar called Red almost next to the Metro (cocktails $5 on Happy Hour)We are already talking about visiting New York again next December and will stay again at the Metro.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Small Hotel	We had a lovely stay at this hotel. It was very smart, clean and all the staff were polite and courteous. Was very apprehensive about which hotel to choose - and I'm glad I chose this one for my first experience of New York.The Continental breakfast was excellent with loads of muffins, croissants, bagels, cereals - it was a good starting point for the day.Our room was small, clean and very cosy - but then again what more do you need when you're in New York.Thumbs up to the Metro from me and thanks for a lovely stay.PS Ladies Macey's is only a 5 minute walk.	
Dec 4 2007	Excellent location; decent hotel	We chose the Metro Hotel on 35th Street street, as it was recommended by our Tavel Agent for it's excellent Manahattan location. The location is ideal - about 10 mins away from Time Square, literally round the corner from the Empire State Building and with the nearest subway only a couple of minutes away.Room were very tidy, air conditioned and are cleaned daily. The rooms include a TV and a safe. My complaint about the room is that we had a brick wall in our direct view from the window. Although the bathroom was well maintained, it is really small.The hotel has a nice 30s art-deco theme throughout. The restaurant is overpriced and it is better to eat from outside the hotel, as it is better value for money. The free daily breakfast is nice, and a good mix of cakes, breads, fruit, cereals and drinks are available. Reception staff can be approachable at times, but rude at other times, depending on how busy they are. Ideal only for it's location, but would consider trying out another hotel within the same area when i return to NYC.Approx times from hotel to:Empire State Building - few minutes walkTime Square - 10 minute walkGroundZero - 10 mins (subway)Madison Square Garden - 10 minute walkFifth Avenue - 15 minute walk	
Nov 26 2007 	Disapointed with treatment	We booked the 2 bedroom family suite for 5 nights. The 2 bed family suite contains 2 twin beds in one room and 1 queen bed in a seperate room. There were 4 adults traveling in the group. I contacted the reservations department to see if this room would accomate 4 adults as the max amount of prople allowed to stay in this room according to there website was 2 which i found strange as it was a 2 bedroom suite. The reservations department confirmed the price for 4 adults sharing the 2 bedroom suite and we booked it. Appon arrival at the hotel when we checked in we were told that there would be an extra charge per person per night beacause there were 4 adults staying in the suite. We told them that when making the reservation we were told that the room could accomadte 4 adults at the price comfirmed on the internet and we weren't told about any extra charges. The girl at reception told us that we would have to talk to the reservations manager the next morning to sort the problem out and i agreed to come down at 9 the next morning to talk to him. When i arrived down at reception there was another girl on duty and i asked for the reservations manager as planned and was asked what the problem was. After explaining the problem all over again, i was told that i would have to talk to the manager over the phone as he was to busy to talk to me directly. I was then told to come back later that day to talk to him on the phone. When i retutrned i was told by the same girl that i couldn't talk to him and that she had explained the problem to him and he said we had to pay extra. We had to end up paying the extra as we had nowhere else to go. I was mad that they didn't want me talking to the manager and i say by there attidue that they didn't even bother to talk to him. The hotel was lovely and location was great but due to an error on there behalf that left us paying extra i wouldn't stay there again. Just be aware of all extra costs when booking your room!	
Nov 26 2007	great	we stayed in the hotel for 4 nights,excellent location,times square,broadway,macys,subway at end of street.coffee on tap,good continental breakfast,found the staff very friendly+helpful,and always a smile and a good morning from the maids.bedding changed daily with fresh towels and shampoos etc.the room we booked had 2 queen sized beds and a seperate bedroom with queen bed and cupboard with safe, loads of room no problem storing 6 suitcases and 6 pieces of hand luggage and that was for only 3 people would highly recomend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2007 	Couldnt swing a cat!	I booked a room at the Metro based on all the good reviews it has received. Whilst I agree that the hotel is in a good location and the rooms are very clean, I am shocked that nobody has commented on the ridiculously small size of the rooms. My room was so small that the bathroom door couldnt open more than half way as it hit against the bed. I also had to put my suitcase at the side of the bed as there was nowhere else I could put it so I couldnt get in the bed from that side.I also couldnt sleep properly as the air conditioning was really loud.I am not a fussy person and I have stayed in comparative star hotels before, but I really cannot be the only person to have had a problem with this.	
Nov 24 2007 	Hotel let down by staff totally lacking in enthusiasm	We stayed here as the reviews looked quite good and it was in a good location. I loved New York, amazing city - was so excited as my first visit. The hotel reception staff however need to learn how to smile - they were so miserable, particularly one girl who worked in the mornings. The way I can describe it is that their glum face and general un friendliness kind of burst your bubble of enthusiasm everytime you had to walk past them. I would definitely not stay there again, nor recommend the hotel for this reason. They need to cheer up!I accept totally that people could have been going through a bad patch and we may have been just unlucky as there have been some good reviews. There are so many hotels in NY though, we would not go back to this one.The hotel itself was ok - good location. Check the bill as we were initially overcharged for the mini bar (over charge was deducted as we checked the bill).	
Nov 23 2007	metro and new york spot on!!!	me and the wife have just come back from a cracking short break from new york ,staying in the lovely,clean ,and friendly staffed hotel metro.theres a good collection of a continental breakfast..even a little toasting machine,and massive muffins,and the coffee and tea is on tap all day and night!!the room was roomy ,a nice big telly and a safe .which was ideal..cus lets be honest we and you wont be in the room much.the location of the metro is absolutely spot on..youre right there..macys,time square,maddison square gardens,empire state buildings,,all here just a stones throw away..and a great tip for you if you want to see everything..ground zero,statue of liberty central park,the rockafella building,etc etc..oh i forgot and go across to brooklyn across the famous bridge...just buy a 2 day pass ticket.[3 routes which they take......up town,downtown,and brooklyn] on an open top double decker bus..they even give you ponchos..just in case it rains ..which it did on us but hey we didnt mind ..because these buses are a god send ,especially if you want to see everything.you can even take the night tour..the pass covers you for as many ttimes as you want..just keep hopping..off and hop back on again ..they arrive every ten minutes!!!.....i would come back to new york and deffo stay again at the metro.so if you are planning atrip here &quot;&quot;have a nice day&quot;&quot; as they say and i hope you enjoy it like we did...oh i almost forgot for a cracking bbq meal try the dallas grill its right across the street from ripleys and madam tussauds on time square!!!!! .....i hope all this helps,because we had a great time!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 13 2007 	Good Value	We stayed at the Hotel Metro for 5 nights from 28th Oct. We booked with Virgin in the UK and also pre-booked all our excursions. We had 2 'Superior ' rooms on the 2nd floor, one for my husband and I, and one for our teenage daughters. Both rooms were a decent size, well furnished with comfy double beds and well equipped bathrooms. There was plenty of hot water and the shower was very powerful. The towels were changed daily and the toiletries replaced. The rooms were up only one flight of stairs so we never had to use the lifts, other than to go and check out the roof top terrace/bar which gave a very close up view of the Empire State Building.The only problem with one of the rooms was that it was on the front of the hotel and the noise from 3.00am, on the street ,was horrendous eg collection of garbage, deliveries etc. If possible request a room at the back of the hotel, the only noise our daughters heard was the hum from an outside air-con unit.The reception staff/concierge were very friendly and helpful ,always enquiring if we needed any directions etc. The breakfast was also very good with enough choice to get you well fed before venturing out. We liked the informal lounge where you sat to eat it. Coffee/Tea was available free at any time.The hotel was quite well placed for all the sights particularly the ESB and Maceys. Go to the ESB at night if you can, there's hardly any queues but remember to take some ID with you - they prefer it if you've got a photocopy of your passport. Having pre-booked all our sightseeing/excursion tickets before we travelled we were very pleased to find these waiting for us at the hotel when we arrived. I would recommend doing this if you want to do a Helicopter Flight or a trip to Niagra which we did. One word of warning though - the Niagra trip (by air) is a very long day - pick up at 6.15am arrive back at the hotel at 10.30pm. Having said that, its a great trip and very quiet at this time of year. The Maid of the Mist ride finishes on the 24th Oct so we were disappointed to miss this as the Virgin rep had said it ran until 31st Oct.We would definitely stay at this hotel again - it is slightly old fashioned, but very well run, clean, handily placed and represents good value for money.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Hotel	We just returned from a 4 day visit to New York. This hotel was a 4 min walk from Macys and 5 mins from The Empire State building. We were on the 6th floor at the front of the Hotel. The street noise was not excessive but all streets in New York have traffic and beeping horns. A pair of earplugs helps. The lifts were slow but as we were on the 6th floor we used the stairs ( for going down!). The room was a standard room, good bed, clean bathroom. The breakfast in the morning was great. It got busy at different times but some people just took what they wanted back to their rooms. I would class this hotel as a tourist hotel not really for business travellers. The staff were polite but did not have much dealing with them except when they stored our bags and called a cab when we were leaving. All in all it was a success and would go back.	
Nov 12 2007 	Very disappointing	We called ahead after making our 5-night booking online to specify that we were two males and a double bed would not be appropriate, but we were allocated to a room with a queen bed that would have been tight even for a couple.  The manager told us there was nothing he could do. His reasoning was that the small print at the bottom of the reservation stated that rooms suitable for a couple or two singles were available for the booking we had made, and because we had a room suitable for a couple, the hotel had met its obligations.  It was also clear that twin rooms were available throughout our stay; we heard other people being offered the choice of a twin or a double on checking in, and saw a number of twin rooms being made up after guests had checked out. We suspect that the twin rooms were being held because they command a higher rate. The only concession we were offered was some extra blankets to enable one of us to sleep on the floor!  Other than this, the hotel was basic. The photos on the website make it look rather fancy, but while clean, the decor is quite old and rather shabby past the reception area. The spectacular-looking rooftop bar, which is presented as a major feature on the website, was closed the whole time we were there. We were informed that its opening was &quot;seasonal&quot;.  Our room was small, as was the bathroom, which had no fan or ventilation of any kind. Water leaked onto the floor through the closed shower door.  We ended up using the stairs for much of the time because the lifts were slow to the point of being unusable. Request a lower floor if you do decide to stay here.  The location of the hotel is very convenient, but there are many other conveniently located hotels in Manhattan. We would not stay here again.	
Nov 10 2007 	A very well located clean hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Metro for six nights on business. Whilst I was slightly reticent at the prospect of staying in Midtown - which is hardly the nicest part of Manhatten - I was actually pleasantly surprised all 'round.Location wise, you are a very short walk indeed from either 34 Herald (N,Q,R,W trains if you're going downtown to Wall Street/Battery Park and Liberty Island and the B,D,F and V trains if you're off to Queens or the Lower East Side, both of which are worth a visit) and only another block again to Penn Station. You're two blocks from Time Square and two again to the Empire State Building and only from Macys. It's only a ten to fifteen minute walk up to the top of Fifth Avenue if you want to take in the sights as well.But, the best part is that despite being in such a great location, you're not slap bang in the middle of the tourist horror traps of Time Square. You don't step out of the hotel into the latest wave of back-packing students, or hoardes of tour groups that insist on standing the full width of the pavement.The hotel itself is modest, but was spotless, as was my room. I have stayed in more expensive hotels that have not provided a room as immaculate as the one I stayed in.One tip, though - if you can, ask for a room at the back of the hotel. The rooms on the front can be noisy on account of passing traffic (it's not a busy road, but New Yorkers tend to use their horns at every possible opportunity). It didn't help that next door but one to the hotel is a construction site that was operating 24 hours a day. The bed was very comfortable, the pillows a generous size and the housekeeping staff attentive and civil. Whilst the hotel may be looking a little dated, it's not horrific and was very clean throughout.The fitness studio was very good indeed. Sorry to labour the point, but there are more expensive hotels out there that provide nothing more than a few mismatching dumbells and a third-hand treadmill. The fitness equipment was very new, offered a good range of choice and the area was air-conditioned and served by two huge flat screens. On the roof of the hotel is a very unusual and pleasant terrace which offers some nice views and must be very nice in the summer months.My room had a new iron and ironing board in the room, a decent safe, decent size TV and a speaker system that will fit your iPod, so you can even take your favourite tunes with you.If you want a magnificant, opulent hotel that will rip you off on the room rate and cost of breakfast - rather then the very ample and free breakfast consisting of a big range of different bagels, breads, fresh juice, coffee, breakfast cereals, yoghurts etc served at the Metro - then this isn't for you.Considering the price, the great location and standards of the rooms, it's certainly worth giving serious thought to staying here. I was a satisfied guest of the Metro and would stay there again. This hotel is particuarly suitable for tourists who want the convenience of being Midtown but who don't want to be right on top of Times Square and the associated noise and problems that brings. In addition, if you're on business, you're very well placed to take a short walk uptown or hop on the Metro to go to Wall Street.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great hotel	Pros: Very very clean, close to tourist spots (especially Madison Square Garden and Empire State Building), inexpensive (compared to typical NY hotel prices), decent breakfast, helpful staff.Cons: Small room, dirty outside surroundings, occasional late-night vehicle noises.We did a lot of research to find a reasonably-priced good hotel (this website's reviews helped a lot), and this was a great find. Overall, this hotel is very good, and we would definitely recommend it.	
Nov 5 2007 	Unhappy Metro Guest	This was my second time at the Metro; I booked a room there because my first impressions had been so positive. This time, however, I had a number of problems and even though the location is great, probably won't go back. The only rooms available were directly opposite the elevators, which emit a very loud DING DONG every time they stop at a floor -- not conducive to peaceful repose. There was only one really functional elevator (a sign posted announced that they were doing an elevator &quot;revitalization&quot; project) and therefore it took a long time to get up and down -- the service elevator was also usable, but took equally long and frequently--no surprise-- was full of cleaning carts and plumbers. The mini bar was empty -- except for one can of coke -- and on inquiring I was told that they were refurbishing the mini-bars, upgrading them, but hadn't gotten around to all the rooms yet! The business center is a joke -- you have to check out a special key card at the front desk, with a time limit of a half hour. I discovered this one morning when I'd spent several minutes of futility inserting my own key card. Having just stocked up on coffee and a muffin in the breakfast room, I went down one flight to the lobby to ask why my room key didn't work -- and was informed by the desk clerk that no food or drinks were allowed in the business center, and that before he let me sign the key out, I had to leave the coffee/muffin in my room. Since I didn't want to spend another five or more minutes trying to get the elevator up to and back from the ninth floor, I said that I'd just leave the grub outside the business center room while I checked my email. He reiterated that it was hotel policy not to take food in there. I said I wasn't challenging that and would leave it on the table outside the room. He kept hassling me about it until finally I invited him to follow me up there so that he, personally, could verify that I wasn't taking any forbidden substances in with me! At that point, he said, &quot;suit yourself,&quot; and with a great show of reluctance let me have the key. I don't think I've ever encountered such offensive and disrespectful behavior in any hotel, in NYC or elsewhere. To be fair, there were some very pleasant people on the staff as well, and the room itslef was comfortable, spacious, and clean. But I can't imagine anything that might induce me to stay there next time I'm in New York -- or ever again! Even if they stock the mini bars!	
Nov 2 2007 	Great deal for NYC and perfect for families	We booked the suite that includes one large room with two queen beds, another bedroom with one queen bed, and one bathroom. I was in NYC with my parents, so this was a perfect and economical set up for us ($450/night for the suite). The hotel is clean, the staff friendly, it's located a half block from a major subway line and a half block from 5th Avenue, and it includes a perfectly adequate breakfast buffet to get you going in the morning (yogurt, fruit, cereal, muffins, bagels, etc). My mom can't walk long distances well, so we ate near the restaurant most nights. The Metro Grill (attached to the restaurant) was much better than I expected it to be and was quite reasonably priced. There are several Korean restaurants on the block. We ate at the one two doors down from the hotel twice, and it was very good. The hotel isn't fancy, but it is clean and the rooms are well appointed. I highly recommend it, especially for price compared to other hotels in NYC.	
Nov 1 2007	Brilliant Trip	September 2007 - Virgin Altantic We went to New York to celerbrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary, the staff at the Metro were more than friendly, helpful, and welcoming. Rooms were clean and more than comfortable, as its the city that never sleeps.! Breakfast was sufficient, fresh and ample 24 hr coffee on tap.The Location was the best thing - Macy's one block away, and easy access to every where, walk and enjoy - we did Hop on Hop Off bus tour - well worth a day or two day pass - great tour operators and fun. Times Square comes alive at Night - dont forget that Show! Walk and enjoy the amopshere, in the evening and if you get chance &quot;Juniors&quot; for that something to eat - We would'nt have any quibles in returning back to the Hotel Metro as we are already planning it, once Freedom Tower is built - or we might be able to squeeze a trip in prior to that.	
Oct 31 2007 	A geat free breakfast!	After much teeth gnashing having read so many poor reviews of NY hotels, we finally settled on the Metro. The location is okay, very near Macy's and with enough bars and eating places to choose from after along day's sight seeing. I booked a double room which is what we got. There was one bed and the room was very compact. It had a decent shower cubicle within the very small bathroom and also had iron and ironing board, free safe etc. I would recommend that you book a twin room as you will get 2 double beds and a much much bigger room. The hotel has a very pricy roof bar, but a great view of the Empire State building. Worth a visit if only on the first night. There is a gym too on the top floor.The hotel provides free hot drinks all day and a great free breakfast: juice, hot drinks, fruit, cereal , yoghurt etc as well as all the baked goods you would expect in the US. Breakfast is available until 11am. Overall, this is a good hotel, clean, safe and close to subways. Times Square is a 10 min walk away.	
Oct 30 2007 	Good Location - Good Accomodations	The hotel room was not spacious, but was very clean and quiet. We had no problems with the elevators, as some of the other reviewers have suggested. The hotel was working on the elevators, but they always arrived promptly during our five day stay. The wireless internet access was not working properly, but it was also being repaired. The computers in the business center are extremely slow and should only be used as a last resort.The hotel's location is great. In the middle of midtown and close to a subway station. You can hop right on and be anywhere in NYC in a matter of minutes.The front desk personnel were adequate, but not extremely friendly. The bellman was very helpful and had a cab waiting for us when we were ready to depart for the airport. The housekeeping department did a great job and the room was always clean and restocked with supplies.On my next trip to NYC, I will likely stay here again.	
Oct 26 2007 	Check him out!	Beware of the little signs throughout the lobby that say, &quot;no food or drink in this area&quot;. I was sipping on a cup of coffee at 9 AM when the owner walked by and asked me if I knew how to read (like I'm a child or something). A minute later he came back and told his staff at the front desk to &quot;check him out!&quot;. I'm totally serious...He was actually doing me a favor because I will NEVER stay in his dump hotel EVER again and neither will anyone else from my company. For $420 a night, I'd rather stay at any other hotel in Manhattan where the guest is welcome. Cheap furniture made in China (that the owner is so protective of) is what to expect at Hotel Metro. No water pressure in the shower, slow (crowded) elevators that take forever to get up to the 12th floor. Rooms smell of rotten fish from the Korean restaurant next store. I can go on and on but this place is not worth it. Stay far way from this dive hole-in-the-wall and the better off you'll be. Take my word for it.	
Oct 22 2007 	Ideal location and great muffins!	Although a little shabby once you progress from the lobby this hotel is ideally situated for all the tourist needs. Our room was on the 11th floor and was quite small, hot water seemed limited and never available after 9pm. On the plus side the continental style breakfast is good and has muffins to die for. Free cofffee and tea are available 24 hours in the lounge area which is also an advantage. We booked through virgin who use this hotel frequently.	
Oct 18 2007 	Loved the small hotel off the beaten path	Metro is a small, off the beaten-path hotel on w35th St in NYC. It was clean and attractive inside. The room was ample enough to live, store luggage, and do some work. Free WiFi throughout the hotel is a big plus. The staff is super friendly, and the courtesy continental breakfast is excellent. It is a short walk on 35th St to either 5th or 6th AV, which are major thoroughfares through downtown Manhattan. Restaurant and bar were well above average.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location	My Mom and I just returned from a three night stay here and we loved it! Had a queen size bed - room not huge but definitely ample for two people. You aren't going to be in there much anyway! Great location - we felt safe walking around at night. Helpful staff - they gave excellent directions to every attraction we wanted to visit. The included breakfast is a great bonus - bagels, muffins, yogurt, granola, etc. This saved us some money and was a nice way to start the day. You can be at Macy's within 5 minutes and in Times Square in just over 10 minutes. We were nervous about the subway at first but when we return we will ride it from day one. Metro staff told us how many stops to expect and where to go when the train stops. The view of the Empire State Building from the rooftop terrace is awe inspiring. I suggest walking up in the daytime and at night when it is lit up for some beautiful photos. The only complaint we had was that the elevators were painfully slow but they were working on them so that should be improved soon.	
Oct 13 2007 	Will Return Again	We stayed at Hotel Metro for the very first time a couple of days before Christmas in 2006. The room that we stayed is smaller, and the view from our room faced the alley. Not the best view but it's very Hopper-like. Our room was located next to the elevator, which was a little loud but not problematic. The hotel staff members were really friendly and helpful. The best thing about the hotel was the breakfast! A wide range of selection everyday! Kudos to the chefs and cooking staff! The hotel is located just down the road from great shops, like Macy's! Also, check out the Korean restaurant (Hanbat restaurant) near the hotel. It opens late, service is fast, and food is so yummy and inexpensive. Bryant park also is a few blocks from the hotel. The hotel is in a great location, but it's quiet at night. We definitely will return again!	
Oct 9 2007 	Very nice	Nice stay, clean room, nice employees and so central ! Between broadway and the Fith ave., it's perfect! I recommand this hotel a lot. I had no view of the city in my room but it's was very quiet.Nice to know, they give a discount rate for clients if you want to park your car in the &quot;center parking&quot; in front of the hotel (20$ per day).	
Oct 6 2007 	Average hotel for a good price	Being that hotel prices in Manhattan are ridiculously high, I searched high and low to find a reasonably priced hotel. The Hotel Metro fit the bill in that it: was in a good location, had good ratings, had a reasonable (for NYC) price.The pros:* Excellent location within walking distance of Time Square and the Theatre District* WONDERFUL continental breakfast! Lots of variety, clean/organized presentation and lots of places to sit with friends or alone watching CNN on large screen TVs.* FREE WiFi in the rooms* The staff was helpful and efficientThe cons:* SOOOO Noisy! I was on the 9th floor, had brought ear plugs and turned on the air conditioner and TV to drown out the street noise and it still hardly worked one night. There must be a garbage collection right below here as I could hear the dumpsters getting thrown around for hours?!?* The rooms and especially the bathrooms are small (I understand its NYC, I'm just warning people - compared to the two other hotels I've stayed in here, they're small).* No bathtub, just corner shower (not a problem for me, but again, informational)* Garbage left under the bed the first night, a note to the maid (along with my regular tip) cleared that up quickly.* Slightly musty smell in the bathroom, but I may be especially sensitive as I've noticed it in many of the more &quot;historic&quot; hotels.Overall I rate this as average, sorry to everyone who loved it, but I just didn't think it was all that special. If its the right price, I'd certainly recommend it as there's nothing seriously wrong with the hotel, but I just can't rave about it as others have.	
Oct 1 2007 	Hotel Metro BRILLIANT!!!	Our 1st visit to NY 13-18 Sept 2007, after scouring many hotel reviews for weeks we decided on the Hotel Metro and we are really glad we did!!! It’s very central, close to all midtown attractions and shopping (Macy's a stones throw away) A Subway on the corner means everything is close by (would highly recommend you buy a 1 week metro pass $24) and we felt very safe both in the location and on subway. Booked a double room, placed on the 3rd floor - quiet, spacious, clean and the bed was very comfy - 5 wonderful nights sleep! The roof bar has lovely views of ESB (next block) - you have to bring your own drink after 11pm. The hotel also has a ground floor bar. Free Gym all the Equipment is New (and still new when we left!).The Free Breakfast kept you going until late afternoon (Especially if you stock up). Complimentary Tea and Coffee on tap 24 hrs. Free wireless internet which is very fast. Staff all very helpful, courteous and friendly. Two guests lifts (one is getting refurbished although guests are able to use the service lift so still 2 lifts). Eating &amp; drinking - there are 3 Oriental Restaurants, 2 Irish Restaurant/Bars on hotel block and 1 Irish Restaurant/Bars directly opposite, also a McDonalds round the corner and Macy's Basement Bar &amp; Grill too! Statten Island Ferry is great for checking out Lady Liberty! Its FREE and takes 30-40 mins round trip but you can have a sit down!! Taxi from JFK $45 plus $4.50 tolls. The hotel arranged shuttle back $20 per person (plus TIP) Next time we'd take the airtrain to Jamaica then buy the Metro Pass and take the Subway (Yellow Line N R W) To Penn 34th leave by the 35th North East Exit as the hotel is just a few steps away. Fantastic!! Shopping TipsIf you’re looking for a bargain in Canal St, China Town don't go before 10.30am or after 8.30pm as its shut!! Definitely recommend a trip to Jersey Gardens Shopping Mall (get 111 bus $10.50 return from Path bus terminal 42nd 8th ave) great shopping! Try to avoid busy weekends if possible. Also Century 21 store (by world trade centre site) is great too (downtown Yellow line exit Courtland St) Disney Shop (5th ave) and Times Sq toys'R'us are brilliant for the child in us all!!Comfortable Walking Shoes a MUST!!!! Hope this Helps. Have A Great Time.	
Oct 1 2007 	Loved the Metro	Lovely hotel, the location is fantastic, particularly if you stay in December as you are virtually on Macy's doorstep which takes care of the Christmas shopping. Nice touch with the breakfasts and coffee is available all day which is nice when you have just come in from the freezing cold. The staff were always helpful and courteous and you are unlikely to find a similar standard of hotel at the same rate anywhere else in midtown Manhattan.	
Sep 29 2007	Just about ok for the price...	Very poor impression of the metro. The staff was rude and unhelpful (the man on reception checked us in whilst he was on the phone - when the smoke alarm went off and we called reception they said they'd come up and didn't etc), the room was rather small and nothing special, the air conditionning was extremely noisy, etc. The only thing it has going for it is a good location (small street off 5th avenue) and a decent breakfast included in the price. I guess at NYC prices, you get what you pay for...Roof terrace was closed so couldn't enjoy that either.	
Sep 27 2007 	Great Location and Reasonably good hotel	The best three things about this hotel were the great location , cleanliness of the rooms and the breakfast bagels and muffins.I was part of a party of six staying in 3 rooms. Getting a good sized room seems to be a matter of luck. Of the three rooms one was huge, another was smaller but still a good size and another was extremely small. Rooms were very clean, reception staff were fairly helpful but could have been better. Decor was ok but looked in need of refreshment. Having a drink on the rooftop terrace was nice although expensive. Wasn't impressed at the service charge being included as I didn't consider the service to be particularly good. We had food up there one evening and I wish we hadn't bothered. I have to admit my review of the hotel might be a bit better if I hadn't been comparing it to the courtyard marriot hotel which I stayed in, in New York last year. It was perfect but I didn't book it this year as the rates for September were much more expensive than the hotel metro. So I suppose for the money the metro was ok.We all had a fantastic holiday in New York and my advice to anyone considering a booking with this hotel is that if in comparison with other possible midtown choices you find the price is right then go ahead and book.	
Sep 25 2007 	Pleasant Stay From Start to Finish	I'd like you to consider disregarding many of the reviews of Hotel Metro that seemed to nit-pick. YES, the elevators are small and slow, and yes, there's construction next door that ties things up a bit and makes for some early weekday clatter. Otherwise, I really liked this hotel and can recommend it completely. Pleasant front-desk help, great location near the 34th St. subway station, delightful complementary continental breakfast, clean, well-appointed rooms, and a cool rooftop patio with an incredible view of the Empire State Building. It's not a resort or a five-star hotel. But for the money I don't think you'll be at all disappointed at the Hotel Metro. As a disclaimer, I should add that through some unique alignment of the planets, or a stroke of good karma for your correspondent, my reservation through hotels.com for a basic room was upgraded to a penthouse room at no charge. I don't exactly live on a farm, but staying in the lap of (increased) luxury tends to influence one's perceptions of experiences. I hope you strike similar good fortune when staying at Hotel Metro in NYC.	
Sep 20 2007	exellent	cant speak highly enough of this hotel,clean,perfect location,2 min from macys,5 min from times square.price was very good aswell,rooms were clean,beds were very comfortable,will be back when in this great city again,just dont use the fone or mini bar,very expensive,would recommend to anyone tho,great value in a great city	
Sep 19 2007 	Awesome value for money	This hotel is near perfection considering low price by Manhattan standards. Rooms are fair size, bed was comfortable, bathrooms are bigger than other hotels we have stayed at in NYC and breakfast was a good way to start the day. Drink prices are steep on roof top patio but spectacular view!We will be back.	
Sep 14 2007 	Not good value for money	This boutique hotel is located in midtown Manhatten in the shadow of the Empire State building and a short walk form Grand Central and Penn Stations. If location is everything then this might be an hotel for you.The rooms are among the smallest in New York City and the furnishings are cheap and poor quality. The furnishings looked are old and well-used. The bathroom was tiny. The room was tiny and looked like a warehouse closet that had been covered with sealer (the paint that is sprayed on and looks something like white cement) with some effects added that looked like they came from a flea market. The bed was small but comfortable for two average size people. The breakfast is average.For US$200 night is is an okay hotel. For more than that it is not value for money and I would look around in NYC for sometign better.	
Sep 9 2007 	New York New York	Justed returned from thr big apple We stayed all week at the hotel Metro our room was very clean the breakfast good as other reviews say. The location is good for the sights the metro at the end of the road.the roof top terrace what a view.Brannigans bar across the road is a lovely place and good food.We did the helicopter tour A MUST the people were pleasent and well organised.In all a very good 2nd trip	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Location and accommodating staff.	Similar to the previous review, through Orbitz had booked a 'double' room requesting by email and by phone a two twin room - but arrived with no twin beds available (only a single double bed). Fortunately, without additional cost they upgraded us to a double double (two double beds) at no additional cost. This was only available since the hotel wasn't that full (it was the Thursday before Labor Day in NYC - PERFECT time for a less than crowded visit). Again it was George that saved the day! This is a fabulous location. A block from Empire State Building- we went to Empire at 11pm for a night view - again, best time, no crowds. Also, on the 11th floor of Hotel Metro was an outdoor patio - very nice. The room was very clean and large enough. George did recommend that their preferred online site is Expedia (but the day I was booking my reservations the Expedia site was not working...). So maybe with Expedia the twin room can be booked.	
Sep 9 2007 	Fantastic stay at the Metro	I took my boyfriend away for his birthday and as it was his first visit to NYC I wanted everything to be perfect. He is also quite hard to please when it comes to hotels and as I had been to NYC before I knew how hard it was going to be to find decent accommodation for a reasonable price. As always I scoured trip advisor and found the Hotel Metro was ticking many of my boxes. What we found when we arrived at the hotel exceeded every expectation and more. The location is absolutely perfect. It is right in the middle of all of the hustle and bustle of Manhattan but 35th street itself (street of the hotel) is a little oasis of calm in between all the madness. The staff were so friendly and helpful and couldn't do enough to help me organise surprise birthday treats. The room was really clean (lovely toiletries) and every day we came back to a made bed and fresh towels. Also, if you want to counteract all the food you end up eating then there is a fantastic air conditioned gym on the penthouse floor complete with big screen tv. This in turn leads out onto a lovely roof terrace. It's a nice place to chill in the morning and a busy little place to have drinks in the evening. One of the great sellers for the hotel is the complimentary breakfast. This is hard to find in NYC but was a perfect way to start the day. There was a great choice of fresh fruit, bagels, toast, muffins etc and we would have been lost with out it.I really can't recommend this Hotel enough. It is a real lottery to find decent places to stay and still not spend ridiculous money for the privilege. With the Hotel Metro you will have definitely won the jackpot. If it can more than satisfy a fussy couple like us then it must be doing something right.	
Sep 7 2007 	Robbed....	The elevators were not fully operational.We were given a room with a window facing a brick wall.The customer service was deplorable.And my girlfriend had approximately $2000 of jewellery stolen from our room!!! Ok, like the lady at the front desk told me, we should have used a safe. Slip of the mind, but some requisite sympathy would have been nice, rather than been rudley asked how can we be sure that her jewellery is still not in the room(!) after we had explained that the thief (or thieves) had gone through our luggage to remove our valuables. Visit this hotel at your peril. The worst I have ever stayed in. 2 years ago, I stayed at The Waldorf Astoria, NYC, which was the finest city hotel I have frequented. It seems that low budget NY hotels like this one can prove to cost more when theft occurs. Or unlike us, take insurance for peace of mind.I would not wish this experience upon anybody. Please take heed.	
Aug 30 2007	Great location and breakfast	I stayed at Hotel Metro in mid August 2007, with my sister. On arrival we had we requested a twin room via booking through a website and I was very disappointed to find that we did not have a twin room.We were told that because we had booked through a website, a twin room could not be guaranteed unless booking direct with the hotel. Not a good start to a 5 night trip!! Especially as iIhad rung the night before to ensure we had a twin room. However by the next day, one of the hotel staff , George, came to the rescue and was able to move us to a twin room. He was polite, helpful, friendly and charming and really improved our stay at the Hotel Metro. If you want a twin room or anything else for that matter, ring the hotel directy and speak to George if posssible. The hotel was also in a great location, 200 yards from the metro (buy a 7 day metro card- really economical if you are using the subway a lot) and round the corner from Macys and 5th Ave. Also the complimentay breakfasts (muffins, toast, pastries, cereal etc) from 6-11am was a real added bonus, along with coffee available all day. The rooms were a great size (for New York) though bathrooms a little small but functional. We had a great 6 days, shopping (Century 21-great! 11% discount card available for visitors at Macys and Bloomies) and eating ( Book restaurants beforehand, especially weekends) !! The hotel can arrange a transfer to a NY airport when you leave the busy city for home!!	
Aug 29 2007 	Great location a real gem	I just wanted to add a review for Hotel Metro to endorse most of the comments added.We stayed in November 2006 for 6 nights on our first trip to New York. The hotel is in a fantastic location with Macy's and the Empire State building very near by.The room was very clean and maid service excellent. The room was average sized with the bed very comfortable and a great shower. There were fresh towels daily and the bed was also changed every day.We found the staff very helpful and always friendly. Our in room safe was not working and within 15 minutes of reporting to reception a maintenence guy knocked on our door and fixed it. The reception staff were always willing to help with queries and booked us some tours and the airport taxi service with no problems.The 24 hour coffee in the lobby was always appreciated. We needed to ask for fresh milk a couple of times but this was sorted with a smile! The breakfast was plentiful every morning consisting of bagels, muffins and fresh fruit.The rooftop terrace looks out onto the Empire State building and is a lovely place to sit in the evening after being on your feet all day. Being November it was never busy but I bet in summer it gets crowded.We would recommend this hotel to any traveller. We will certainly be booking to stay here again.	
Aug 16 2007	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Metro for one night when I was in NYC for a concert. We chose the hotel for the positive reviews and the proximity to Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. It was only a few blocks away. I thought the price was high, but that's NYC. When we checked in, we were actually upgraded to a family suite, not that we needed it. The rooms were lovely and very clean. The bedding and pillows were very comfortable. The ceilings were high, adding to the spacious feeling of the rooms. The continental breakfast was good, with the standard mix of bagels, pastries, cereals, yogurts, coffee, tea, and juice. I would definitely stay at Hotel Metro again if I needed to stay in this part of Manhattan.	
Aug 7 2007 	thanks to other reviewers	Firstly thanks to all reviewers of the Metro &amp; other NYC hotels - we studied them carefully but decided the Metro was the most likely to suit us best &amp; I think it did.Room size is a lottery, ours 1215, was small by any standard ( except maybe cheaper hotels in Paris ) however 1214 was large as was 1209 opposite the lifts.The bathroom was minute but well planned &amp; the shower was good. Towels &amp; toiletries good. The air con was a little noisy. The room was very well appointed with top quality furnishings,spotlesslyy clean &amp; a very comfortable bed. The mini bar was hopeless beverages would have been cooler out of it. I asked for it to be fixed &amp; George displayed great empathy but it remained useless for the whole of our stay. There is a lot of building work adjacent to the hotel &amp; therefore it may be noisy at the front. We had requested a high up room &amp; were offered a choice of front or back by charming receptionist.Breakfast is cereals,fruit,yogurt,muffins &amp; bagels - all self service &amp; disposable cutlery,plates,bowls etc. Very good &amp; no signs encouraging tips.Staff friendly. Terrace bar a bit of a dissapointment - plastic glasses &amp; tacky signs saying &quot;table service only &quot;The location as widely reported is fantastic 34th str subway station is 100yds from hotel - yes on 35th Str.All day fun pass on subway &amp; buses $7 - less than the minimum fare on the London tube!! Cleaner than the tube as well. Ignore any reports of it being in a poor,rough or run down neighbourhood. Its just spoilt a little by the building work &amp; scaffolding nearby however there is building work &amp; scaffolding ALL over New York incl 5th Ave &amp; The Waldorf Astoria.it cost $280 a night which is more than we would have liked but compared to all the others that we researched it seemed to be good value certainly helped by free tea &amp; coffee &amp; a good breakfast served from 6.30 until 11.00am . Whilst Hotel was slightly more than would have been ideal everything else seemed either cheap or good value - of couse almost £2 to the pound helped.! We were there during a heatwave &amp; that may have been partly to blame for poor air con in corridors &amp; especially the lift. We enjoyed our stay , didnt mind our small room &amp; feel that we wouldnt have done any better for the price.Whilst in NYC consider an off Broadway show Tony &amp; Tina's wedding - do yr own research it wont appeal to all. we loved it.	
Aug 5 2007	Lovely Pleasant central NY Hotel	Hotel Metro on the 35th Street NY is an excellent hotel to stay.We had 4 nights in NY so we had very little time so we wanted to stay in the city.The hotel itself is very well situated from all attractions,especially if you want to pick up a HOP_ON_OFF bus terminal which is mins. away,next to empire states building.Staff were good,rooms were clean,breakfast was good,what more could one want.I could not fault this hotel,i certainly will go to this hotel again.	
Jul 31 2007 	A Good Find!	We had won a 5 night trip to New York that included this hotel.It is in a great location - you can walk everywhere! We didn't get one taxi - lots of blisters though!!! You can be in Macy's within 1 minute and at Empire State Building within 5 mins!Room was large - Bathroom small.Hotel is in little need of some TLC - it was very dissappointing that the roof terrace was closed as this is supposed to be a hi light of this hotel.Hotel bar is great for that cold beer at the end of the day!Try Keens Chop House just round the corner - fabulous!Would I return? Maybe......	
Jul 26 2007 	Art Deco and much more	My stay at this hotel was a lovely experience.Great location, friendly helpful staff and wonderful art deco decor.Free breakfast and 24 hr coffee machines are a real bonus.the rooms are cleaned daily ,bed was very comfortable and also changed daily ,another bonus.This was my first trip to NYC and if I return I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 21 2007 	Don't go to Hotel Metro.	Room was extremely tiny. Rude staff. No one helped us with our luggage getting settled in. Has got to be the most horrible service i've had in a long time.	
Jul 21 2007 	Perfect location great customer service	I have been to New York City for four straight years and stayed in average hotels and first class hotels. My favorite was the Hotel Metro because of the staff, location, and rooms. The room was clean and spacious (suggest upgrading to the double bed size - it's large considering others in NYC). The front desk staff was very helpful and pleasant. The hotel was close to Times Square, subway and Macys. Hint: the rooftop bar was very popular, so go early and get a seat. The fitness center was clean and everything worked. I checked on different sites for rates and got different prices, so check all the resources- don't forget to empty the temporary files and cookies on your computer when you check around, the web site will remember the rates that were previously given to you and won't change unless you update them every time you go to the same web site.	
Jul 21 2007 	don't believe the odd negative review	I had a panic when I read a negative review of this hotel just before I stayed there but decided to go for it and was pleased I did. Yes the area is not the leafy Upper east side but the location is amazing in terms of the subway and Empire State. I couldn't fault the hotel and the staff were excellent and very helpful. Don't believe the negatives and go for it!	
Jul 16 2007	Loved the Metro!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Metro in Feb 2007 for our first trip to NYC. We both absolutely loved it!! The staff were always very friendly, one in particular, the receptioninst George was always very helpful, and was always smiling and chatting. The rooms were very clean, and were immaculately cleaned by the time we got back for the night. The breakfast was nice, it was the same everyday, but there was lots of it and it was good to set you up for a day walking around the city! We are going back to NYC in November, and wanted to stay at the Metro again, but it was a little too expensive for that time at year, but I would definately reccommend it!!	
Jul 15 2007 	Would Stay There Again!	Stayed at the Metro for 4 nights at the beginning of July 07 and had a very comfortable and pleasant stay. The room was plenty big enough for us , certainly roomier than in the hotel we stayed in on our previous visit to New York , as was the bathroom and both were very clean. Great location , just a short walk to the subway and to Macys and the construction work didn't bother us unduly.Enjoyed the breakfasts and didn't see any sign of mice! The staff were very pleasant and helpful , particularly George on reception.Would definitely stay there again .	
Jul 13 2007 	Some positives mostly neutral great location	Please have patience whilst I get something off my chest - why are some of the other reviewers basing tsome of their criticism on some neighbourhood properties &amp; some of the hotel guests being of Far East origin??? I think that closed-minded travellers who wish to visit somewhere that does not contain a 'melting pot' of cultures are rather naive in choosing to visit New York. Afterall, isn't the wonderful preponderance of Minority Ethnic neighbourhoods, cultures &amp; cuisines one of the truly great things about New York?? Plus, the restaurants referred to ignorantly as 'Chinese' are actually Korean. And the rubbish that was left outside them was the same rubbish left outside every NY restaurant every night!!! OK, the hotel - not brilliant, but not bad either. Luckily we did not come across any evidence of mice at all, and may feel defirrently if we had. The hotel seems expensive compared to other US destinations, but is a pretty standard price for London for example, and you expect higher prices for NY. Our room was very small (but again we expected that) but very clean. We enjoyed the MP3 docking station/speaker unit, the breakfast was useful (toast, bagels, fruit, yoghurts, chesse, ham, cereal, danish pastries, muffins, T&amp;C &amp; juice), and the 24/7 T&amp;C was very very useful. The staff were neither friendly nor rude, they got the job done in a quiet non-chatty way - so nothing to rave about, but crucially no complaints either. The lifts were limited &amp; slow, so we often took the stairs, but again - you only have to wait 2 or 3 minutes &amp; it would arrive. We didn't have any problems with noise &amp; we thought the location was superb - v close to subway stop/Macys/Empire State Building. THe area felt very safe, we often returned at 22.00 to 01.00 and didn't feel worried about doing so- the 24 hour Korean restaurants next door help this as there is always a pretty lively crowd outside. There is a newsagents to the left of the hotel for drinks &amp; papers, the area is slightly whiffy - but it only takes you 1 minute to walk through it &amp; then you're back in the excitement of New York. This hotel is a perfectly decent place from which to see NY, it is better than 'basic' but not luxurious, the rooftop bar is still closed. If you just want somewhere to bed for the night, get a decent shower, good air con, have a cup of tea after hitting the city &amp; a free breakfast to get you ready for the day - this is it. Just don't expect huge rooms, smiley 'have a nice day' service &amp; low prices. (Extras - if you're buying an iPod in NY make sure it is actually the gB requirement you need - don't accept the sellers reassurances that 'this is 8gB' for example - especially around Times Sqaure. Bargain hard, walk away &amp; the price gets knocked down by $$$- over $150 off the asking price for a Sony camera for us. Half price ticket booths for Theatre tix are well worth it despite the wait of up to 2hrs - great seats, especially for Weds matinees - for $55. Chicago &amp; The Colour Purple were both superb - the first very polished, the latter very moving. Washington Square is wonderful for people watching, and dog watching, at the weekend. The New York Water Taxi is a great way to take a trip over to Brooklyn, ~$11 pp with excellent views of the Statue of Liberty)	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved the service	The hotel in general is great.Very clean and comfortable,a home away from home.A smile on everyones face.Great location.A whopping five star goes to the service.I forgot some very valuable item in my room but managed to get it in Texas just 2 days later.Very helpfull hotel manager.Shall recomend hotel to fellow South Africans.	
Jul 5 2007 	Fab location	We loved it here! It was a brilliant location just a block away from the Empire State Building and near the subway. The staff couldn't do enough for us.The room was perfect other than it was a twin bedded room rather than a double.We'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great hotel at a great price and locaton 	The Hotel Metro is great! The hotel room was spacious and very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The shower was one of the best I have ever used. The location is the best, only one block from Macy's and a few blocks from the Empire State Building. The subway is on the same block as the hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel and will plan on going back there in the future.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great location and free coffee!	Friends recommended us to this hotel and we are so pleased they did. Friendly staff, clean rooms and a great location near the Empire State, Macy's, Time Sq and the Rockefeller Centre. The area immediately around the hotel wasn't great - lots of construction work so noise and dust but we always felt safe. The roof terrace was still closed for refurb although we saw little sign of any work going on. Our room overlooked the multi-storey car park so no view but clean and comfortable and the shower was wonderful! One small criticism is their strict rules over the mini-bar and fridge. We didn't put it to the test, but the info says that if you even lift something up to look at it for more than 20 seconds, it will be charged to your room! Our supplies weren't filled until the third or fourth day we were there and so we hadn't realised there should have been more chocolate and stuff. They tried to charge us but we refused and they were okay about it. You couldn't use the fridge to store any of your own drinks (even water) at all.The breakfast room got pretty full but it was a great not to have to go out to find breakfast. If anyone keeps kosher, there are two or three restaurants and a deli within a couple of blocks.	
Jun 30 2007 	Not as good as everybody says...	I, like many of you, before deciding which hotel to choose, tend to spend hours and hours on places like this finding the best hotel for the money. I read a lot of excellent reviews of this hotel and on the outside sources the hotel's website mention. So, even tough this hotel was a little more expensive than the others I was planning to choose, I decided to book this hotel based solely on the reviews I read. The hotel is not bad but it's not the wonder people tend to believe. It is located in a block surrounded by chinese/korean commerce (of course, not the kind of place like Chinatown) but just regular bars and hotels but with a an almost 99% asian clientele. The room size is good from a NYC point of view, but the bathrooms are tiny. The very first day I used the bathroom, one of the towels tray went off and it stayed there my whole stay. I didn't care for asking in the desk for its repair but the cleaning personal saw that tray broken every day and they didn't have the iniative to ask for its repair. The hotel staff is neutral, nor friendly, nor rude, except one day when the staff at the desk was rude and uninterested. The hotel is clean and the bed is confortable, the complimentary breakfast is a plus. But let me tell you that I didn't find this hotel nothing extraordinary nor charming and I doubt I'll be back again because I know there are equal or even better hotels with better prices than this one. Hotel Metro is not as good as they want you to believe.	
Jun 27 2007 	Love this hotel!!	Transform yourself into 'old Hollywood' in this beautiful, charming, not to mention economical for NYC coolest of hotels - not a chain with all the amenities of same - very special! Great location to so much. Cozy lounge - great martinis! We didn't want to leave! The staff are friendly, helpful and even fun. Our only regret was that the rooftop was closed for rennovations but from what we could see - what a view - feels as if you can reach out and touch the Empire State Bldg. Can't wait to go back for another stay!	
Jun 22 2007 	Cute but some problems	The decor is charming, the free breakfasts are excellent, our room had a walk-in shower and the staff is surprisingly friendly and helpful for NYC. On the other hand, the neighborhood is a little creepy, esp. passing by the gauntlet of garbage piled high on the sidewalks every day and night. Don't be misled by &quot;all new plush top mattresses&quot; as I was - that apparently means nicer ticking, not pillow top. The bed was too hard for me. I awoke with back pain for the first time in many years. Minibar had only coca-cola and alcohol. Storing water, fruit, or juice prohibited with an electronic alarm to enforce it. Cheap plastic cups - no glasses. &quot;Superior queen&quot; sleeping room 10'x12', bath 4'x5', pretty small for 3.5* even in NYC. Roof deck closed.Maybe all one can expect for the price in NYC ($310 weeknight) but next time I will try somewhere a little more expensive.	
Jun 18 2007 	great hotel	First time in NYC in April. Booked this hotel after reading reviews on this site. I wasn't disappointed. Excellent hotel, breakfast very good. Bedrooms great. We were in a back room, didn't have a great view but the it was very quiet. Can't wait to return.	
Jun 16 2007 	Excellent Stay	I stayed for a week on a business trip. The room was very clean and a little larger than I had expected for NYC. The room was very quiet from the outside noise,;didn't even realize I was in the city. The continental breakfast had more than just a bagel and muffin; it had fruit and yogurt as well. That was great!! Free interent was very nice. The staff was good.	
Jun 7 2007 	Perfect	Excellent quality hotel, particularly for the price we paid. Staff was quick to help us with anything. Breakfast in morning was very complete (and allowed us to stock up on snacks for the rest of the day!). I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 6 2007 	Quirky with Great Geography	If location's all you're after, this may be the hotel for you! The Hotel Metro is a half block from the subway and Harald Square/Macy's, and only a five minute walk from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. It has nice thick cotton towels and free internet access during specified hours in a key-carded room for which you must procure a pass from the front desk. That's where the good points end. My major gripe was that there was a strange rustling sound, that may have been a rodent in the wall, which woke me up all night in my room. At first I thought it was air conditioner condensate dripping, or the mini bar sensor, so I turned off the A/C and later unplugged the frig. The sound persisted and kept me from sleeping much for the two nights I spent there. There was no noise during the day. It was kind of creepy and unsettling. Room 710 was average size, about 16x12 with cutouts and a small bathroom with almost no counterspace and a bathtowel-sized floorspace. I was told I was being upgraded to a king, and I thought it was all talk, until I saw the tiny rooms with almost no walking space when the maids left doors open along the hallways. Furnishings and carpet were dingy gold, brown, orange, and the fake marbled bathroom had incongruous plastic cups and thick, comfy white cotton towels. The rooftop which everyone raves about was closed, there was heavy construction going on immediately to the west of the building, and that block of W. 35th is seedy and filthy. Location is ok, but it's overpriced for the amenities and questionable rodent problem. I only stayed there because I couldn't find a room at any 4 stars+ in the city that weekend due to multiple events.	
Jun 4 2007 	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE	The front desk staff was horrible...especially in the afternoon. The man (george) was extremely rude and unhelpful. If something happens to go missing in that hotel...good luck in getting anyone to help you find it. Totally ruined my trip. I would not reccommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 2 2007 	No problems great location	This was my first time booking a hotel in NYC. After reading lots of reviews for lots of hotels, some of which sounded scary, I opted for a relatively expensive, but safe bet. The Hotel Metro matched my expectations. There were no problems at all. I had a single room with a king size bed. It was small but comfortable. The amenities (bed, towels, toiletries, TV, etc.) were those of an average hotel like a Holiday Inn. The staff were professional but not particularly friendly or helpful. The location is really great, half a block from the subway at Herald Square, plus there are quite a few places to eat around the hotel, especially Korean food.	
May 30 2007 	Good Hotel	The Metro is very central. Empire State building, Macy`s very near and Penn Station and Time Square within easy walking distance and a subway station on the cornerWe found the hotel to be very clean (bed clothes changed every day). Staff friendly and helpful our room (601) overlooking an alley was a bit small. It was slightly noisy with extractor fans from nearby reataurants working all night. Our own air conditioning system worked well but was also rather niosy too. but we soon got used to it. The breakfast was better than we expected with a good choice and plentiful. Overall the Metro is a great hotel and we would recomend it to our friends and stay there again.	
May 27 2007 	fabulous!!!!	me and my wife stayed here for 5 nights in late may,ive gotta say the experience from start to finish was excellent,the hotel was clean,the staff were great and the location was brilliant. anyone who goes check out andrews coffee shop just down the street at west 35th at 7 avenue, the only moan is that the roof terrace was closed due to building work,but we will check it out when we next stay here!	
May 27 2007	Excellent - Quiet and great location	What a find. We picked the Metro on a wim out of the massive range of available accommodation in MidTown New YorkThe streets a little dingy but the hotel is a quiet and calm little oasis away from the noisy streets and bustle of the big city. The lounge is comfortable and the general decor theme is consistently smart throughout the whole hotel. The continetal breakfast is good value and the restaurant serves good value and well prepared meals each night.Bedrooms are comfortable and well maintained - though ours was a little cramped and next to a bulding siteA major selling point is the location - round the corner from Times Square, Macys, the Empire State Building and Fifth avenue	
May 25 2007 	Fantastic hotel!!!	I stayed at this hotel with my fiancee and brother for 5 nights in August 2006. To our delight we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom apartment. This was our first visit to New York City and what a wonderful experience we had! The only small criticism I have is that the internet room was a little too hot but it was free to use the internet so that made up for it. The muffins we had for breakfast each morning were delicious! I highly recommend this hotel and I will definitely stay there again.	
May 24 2007 	Just the right amount of comfort with a lot of convenience.	The Metro Hotel is right in the middle of midtown, just steps away from 34th St./6th/B'way and its subways. It's fairly priced (all things being relative in Manhattan), and has adequate niceties: a comfortable bed, a clock/radio that has an iPod dock, and clean, clean, clean. My room at least was in excellent condition. Free breakfast is nice too (as is the fact that it runs until 11am -- evenings in NYC can get late!). All my staff interactions went well, so no real complaints about the hotel. That said, it's an old building (in shiny new clothes), so you shouldn't expect rocket-fast Big Hotel elevators or heavy-duty water pressure, but both were more than adequate.	
May 17 2007	Wonderful Hotel	This is a wonderful hotel with a reasonable prices for New York City. It was very clean and well kept. The hotel staff were customer service oriented and went above and beyond to assist their customers. The location was accessible to subway and tourist transportation. I will definately stay there again. PAF	
May 15 2007 	Great Hotel*	Came back from NYC just now .....can't wait to write a review here for this great place...My mom and I arrived at around 2 in the morning ....the staff at night were efficient and took only 5 mins to check us in..I heart their 24 hour coffe/tea service...since there are no convinience store near the hotel..Didn't get to go on the sun deck since it was under construction during the time of our stay........Macys, victoria secert, forever21 etc are just 30 seconds away from the hotel ....and Korean town is just 2 blocks down (They got yummmy food)...Subway Stations are around the corner....highly recommand and would definitely stay there again....	
May 9 2007 	Fantastic stay at Hotel Metro	Stayed at the Hotel Metro for 4 nights on honeymoon at the end of March 2007.Great hotel-no complaints at all! Couldn't have asked for a better location, 2 minutes away from Macys and 10 minutes walk from Times Square-everywhere is easily accessible from the location.The hotel itself-we always found staff to be very efficient and helpful, the room was small but fine otherwise with decent shower in bathroom. We had requested a room at the back which was great as it was very quiet and we were able to get a good nights sleep every night!Breakfast was also fine, always plenty to choose from and the 24 hour coffee/tea facilities is a great idea.Overall would highly recommend the Hotel Metro for travellers on a budget but who don't want to make too many compromises!BTW-would also recommed the 2-day hop on-hop off bus tours which can be booked at reception-really resonable price and you get to see so much more of NY than you would on foot!	
May 6 2007 	Best Kept secret	Great Place to stay in new york.Stayed here about 4 times now. Never had any complaints.Staff are freindly and very helpful.Rooms are excellent. a bit small. but you are in new york.All rooms are refurbished. So everythings new.Nice comfy beds. Brerakfast included. Tea &amp; coffee free all day in reception.Fantastic location. 100 yds from Macys. Times sqaure just around the corner.Dont bother trying to find a better hotel on a budget. This is the place to stay...	
Apr 29 2007 	Great location great breakfast	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Metro in late April, 2007. We loved it. We were initially put in a smoking room, but our request to change to a non-smoking room was immediately granted. The new room was very small but at least it didn't smell like smoke.The room we were in seemed to be recently renovated, the carpet was new and fluffy. The bathroom was marble. The shower was great - high pressure and no waiting for hot water.There is free high-speed wireless, and a safe. While we were there, our clock radio was switched out to one with mp3 hookup - nice touch! Too bad I didn't bring my ipod.The best part was the location - near Macy's and the Empire State building. Very central regardless of where you want to spend your time in Manhattan. A subway stop is a few steps away.The continental breakfast was free, fresh, and good.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel, especially for the price.	
Apr 28 2007 	Great Hotel	Excellent location and the complementary buffet breakfast and 24hr availability of coffee and tea was a real bonus. Did some research on hotels in this area before booking, and this hotel did not disappoint. Its location is superb - 5 mins walk to Macy's and 20 mins walk to Times Square. Staff were friendly and the room was clean and relatively spacious (superior queen bed size) and came equipped with iron, hairdryer and safe . Not much of a view from the rear of the hotel but if you're not used to the constant hum of traffic all night long its probably the best side to be located. The roof terrace is currently being refurbished and the gym is well equipped. Tip: If you are travelling by road to reach JFK and you leave between 3.30 - 4.30 - rush hour, allow at least 2 hours to reach the airport!!.	
Apr 27 2007	our stay ...	Location,Location, Location... couldn't have picked a better hotel location for a first vist to the big apple. With macys at the end of the road and empire states building around the block and a 10min walk to times square, you feel right in the thick of the action. Hotel rooms, as previous reviewers have stated, are fairly small but adequate and very clean. Our safe didnt work and reported to reception would of sent a man to repair but used receptions instead. Bathroom was tiny but again clean and adequate. Lifts were abit of a pain, we went week after easter so hotel was not to busy but still had to wait a few times so would imagine its a right pain in peak times!! Didnt get any noise in the room thought, I think we were on the back on the hotel, with a great view of a multistorey carpark, but wasnt there for the room view so didnt bother us. Was abit gutted as the roof top terrace was closed for repairs so missed out on that. :( I must mention the metros resturant next door. Excellant service and food and relativley cheap and hotel guests get a discount, bonus! One of the best things about the hotel however is the breakfasts. Great selection of bagels, bread, croissants with soft cheese spreads, jams , butter etc.. with tea, coffee and fruit juices too boot, and being a tea belly was grateful of the allday tea and coffee service.Sadly I have to mention the poor service from hotel reception. I found them quite rude at times and stopped asking for any advice from them, didnt spoil the stay but better service would have made it a great hotel instead of an above average one. Must try harder!.p.s please try a steak at brendans ( opposite hotel) truely great !!!	
Apr 24 2007 	Fab Location and Great Breakfast!	It was my first time to New York and I absolutely loved this hotel.The location is fantastic- within spitting distance of Macys and Times Square. The rooms are quite large and are very clean and comfortable. We had a nice bathroom and walk-in closet plus ironing facilities, mini bar and snack basket.The breakfast in the morning is one of the best bits- I can't believethey throw it in for free! Loads of fresh tasty muffins and bagels aswell as bread, spreads, pastries and cereals. The hotel also does comlpimentary tea and coffee all day long- another bonus!Another great feature of the hotel is its rooftop terrrace. Here you can enjoy the view of the city including Macy's and The Empire State Building. t's a great suntrap and they even open up a bar at certain times of the day. Next to it is the indoor gym and there is also a handy drinks vending machine and ice machine.I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 21 2007 	Unresistable Location (less than $10 cab fare to almost anywhere in the city)	Hotel Review:1.LOCATION: This hotel is one block from Macy’s (Harold Square), which is known to be the largest store in the world and contains just about every designer you could ask for. Therefore, the location is amazing for a first time to New York traveler. Also right around Harold Square is a Victoria Secret store, many other chain type stores, and even a Daffy’s (which is great to find bargains and little treasures.) If you wake up in the morning you pass by a donut and pastry cart on your way, and in the afternoon on your way back you pass by a hot dog and sauerkraut stand. That’s hard to beat. You’re also only about 8-10 blocks from Times Square, which many tourists like to at least see during their visit, and only a few blocks from the Empire State building.2.VIEWS: Although some rooms have beautiful views, our room had a view of a multi-level parking structure. I realize its New York, and there’s not much they could do to avoid that view, but luckily we closed the curtains and only heard a car alarm go off once.3.ROOMS: The rooms have comfortable beds unlike many hotel beds. I did not wake up sore once. The rooms have everything that you would need in a room and are perfect for any tourists basic hotel room needs. The only complaints about the rooms are that the walls are very thin and disturbing other guests or being disturbed is likely, however we were so tired by the time we got to our room each night that it never bothered us personally. The rooms also lack wireless internet and full length mirrors. Also, make sure to put the privacy sign on the door, as my brothers room was walked in on around eight in the morning by a male maid which his wife wasn’t very happy about.4.CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST: I don’t know how you could ever complain about this part of the hotel. The breakfast lobby is beautiful with multiple couches, a fireplace, flat screens and the lounge itself is always open to sit in with coffee and tea. In the mornings they constantly refill the selection of items so unlike most, all the good stuff isn’t gone if you’re a late riser. Also, the quality of food is above most. There were about 10 different types of “Costco” style muffins (if you are unaware of this analogy, they are the really big fresh ones, not stale little things.) They also provided a selection of bagels and Philadelphia cream cheese, little cheeses, pastries, a selection of yogurts, fruits, hot chocolate, cereals, and juices.5.SECURITY: We got in late every night and there was always a man at the desk and a security guard on the couches just keeping tabs of everyone. He kept a good eye on everyone and remembered the guest if you asked him. I was very impressed on how well he payed attention to the comings and goings of the hotel.Overall, this hotel might not be the trendiest but it is modern and stylish. It also may not be the most luxurious but it does have comfortable beds and some really great amenities and rates. I would stay here every time I return to New York, unless of course I wanted something slightly more expensive/romantic. Other than that, this hotel works for a variety of people. We’re in our late 20’s and my mother is 60 and we all loved this hotel equally and wouldn’t ever feel the need to stay elsewhere.Cheers and travel safe.	
Apr 20 2007 	Fantastic stay	We boooked this hotel on the internet, something which is quite new to us (mature couple). We arrived and recieved a very warm welcome and were told that we had been given a room upgrade. The reception staff were really efficient, and when we mentioned we would like to go to a jazz club that evening, they offered to find out about some clubs for us and would check them out for price, availabillity etc. They said they would ring our room when they had details, this they did very quickly.We couldn't fault the room, it was great, spacious and very clean. The breakfast was plentiful the only thing which could have been a problem was the size of the lounge at peak times - but then you could have taken breakfast to your room. We didn't experience any difficulty.Oh and the coffee being available 24hrs a day was also great.All in all a great place to stay, we would certainly go back again.	
Apr 20 2007 	It is a good location but is it worth the money?	Only stayed one night between coming in from Boston and travelling out to Long Island but that's enough time to form an opinion. Check-in was possible at mid-day - which is a plus. Buffet breakfast was OK. All staff met were friendly. However, it was quite a lot of money for the room quality - a recent stay in Toronto at a five star cost much less! For a central location, it is ideal though as a previous reviewer has mentioned it might be worth paying a little more for something much better!	
Apr 20 2007	Excellent experience	This hotel was very updated and very clean. The room was also very spacious. We had stayed here for a wedding and the next day we could walk to see the Empire State Building, that was great. We would come here again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Value for New York	Stayed 2 nights April found the hotel to be very friendly. We arrived at 8.30am just expecting them to store our luggage which they did no problem but also told us to go ahead and have breakfast which is a very good extended buffet served in a lovely lounge The bedroom was clean but small and very noisy being at the front of the hotel. The safe did not work they did try to repair it but they do have safety boxes at reception no charge for them The friendly staff and breakfast make this hotel an ideal stay in New York not to mention the great location  We travelled from JFK to Penn Street by Airtrain and Metro from Howard Beach $7 each walked from Penn Street to hotel Metro	
Apr 18 2007	Not bad free for all at breakfast time.	A great position, near subway, Maceys etc - ideal for nipping back to whilst you are out and about. There is even coffee available 24 hours in the lobby area.The rooms were ok. Our's was on the 12th floor and a little pokey and 1980's but lets face it you're hardly in the room at all. The staff were ok, cannot say much about them as had little contact. . My only warning to you is watch out at breakfast time. Peak breakfast time was about 8-9am and there were not enough chairs, people were standing to eat their crunchy nuts - bizzare! We were there at peak time - Easter, but still. In fairness though, a clean and well run hotel. All in all pretty much what you would expect for your money. The city itself however! Fantastic.... Book Up!! Happy Holidays.	
Apr 15 2007 	Worth every penny!!	We stayed here because we were going to a late night birthday party. I had read many of the previous reviews and was still pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The front desk was well staffed and helpful. Complimentary coffee and tea are offered throughout the day. We arrived around 4pm and decided to go shopping. Talk about a perfect location! Herald Square is less than a block away. Our room was small, but very clean and pleasant with a view of the rooftops out back. The minibar is charged based on the weight of items. Do not remove anything unless you expect to be charged for that item. Aside from the basic cleanliness and convenience of this location, we were surprised at the quality of the food in the Metro Grill. My husband and I had a wonderful dinner! The atmosphere leaves something to be desired, but the Ravioli Aurora and the Salmon were both excellent!Lots of value in this location!	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Location Unfriendly Staff!	My Fiance and I love New York. It's an amazing city. We booked The Hotel Metro as an extra holiday for this year so were on a bit of a budget. The hotel is good value for it's location but, trust me, you get what you pay for!The hotel isn't so bad itself but the staff were very unhelpful and even borderline rude at times! I don't know what was eating them but it got to the stage where I couldn't be bothered to ask them anything! There was no heating in our room and they kept saying they would fix it but it never happened! Bare in mind it was the big freeze when we went.....-10!!The rooms are not bad and they were quite big for New York. We had no street noise which we always expect from New York. It was a nice quiet, comfortable room in fainess. The bathroom could do with updating. The location was brilliant! It is very easy to get around as the Subway in just at the end of the block as well as Macy's!Overall, we got what we paid for but the staff could have been more friendly! We would not stay here again or make the mistake of going budget when we go back to New York. I must admit I am the sort of person who likes to stay in a nice hotel, even if I'm not going to be in it that much. If you are the sort of person who doesn't mind then it's perfect. I couldn't help thinking......for another £200 we could've stayed at the Waldorf again. I wish we had paid it as it would have made our holiday another perfect one in New York.	
Apr 10 2007 	Nice stay 13-21 March	First thing first the staff were very friendly especially one of the doormen who recommended the show Curtains (an older gentleman and unfortunately I can't recall his name). The show was brillinat by the way. On our first night we were allocated a room on the top floor but were woken at 8am the next morning by the builders working on the terrace. Once we informed the reception staff we were moved to another room. Might want to question whether the works are completed on the terrace before accepting a room on the 12th floor. The whole hotel including our room was spotless. Another bonus when staying at the Metro is the free breakfast. Bagels, toast, muffins, fruit, juice, tea, coffee and so forth were all yummy and more than enough to do you for the day. You could also take breakfast up to the room if you fancy breakfast in bed (breakfast staff will happily organise a tray for you). It might be a bit repetitive to have breakfast in the hotel each day but it can save you a fortune.Great location as many people have described. Nearest metro stop is 100 yards away 34th St/Herald Square. I would recommend Brendans bar across the street from the hotel. Nice bar with a great atmosphere (hotel bar was nice but usually empty). Free wifi in the room - absolutely brilliant especially those like me who can't live without their laptop. The hotel room also has a laptop sized safe which even my wide screen laptop could fit into. Overall it was a nice hotel and I would stay here again. I have recommended this hotel to family and friends too.	
Apr 3 2007 	Excellent Location	The hotel is an excellent location - particularly for a first time visit. macy's is directly across the road at the end of the block and the Empire State Building is one block over. There is also a handy metro station at the end of the street.The breakfast is complementary - bagels and muffins - good quality.There is a roof top restaurant but it was not open in March. The room we had was at the back of the hotel and slightly on the small side but there was very little street noise and it was very clean.Staff were helpful and there is a half hour free internet facility on the second floor ask at reception for a key to access the internet room.Overall a very good hotel.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great Find!!	I just returned from a first time trip to NYC and I have to rave about our hotel. The Hotel Metro was an excellent choice for a first-timer in the city. The location was excellent ... right around the corner from the Empire State Building, a short walk from Herald Square where one can find Macy's, Sephora, Victoria's Secret and tons of other stores. Half a street block away from a subway station that connects with all the major lines that can take you almost anywhere very quickly. The room itself was quite spacious and we had a great view of the Empire State Building. The continental breakfast was perfect to fill up on before a day out in the city. Lots to choose from and plenty of room to sit and enjoy it. The staff was friendly and always available to hail a cab or give a suggestion as to where to eat or what to see.I would recommmend this hotel to anybody who is a first time visitor and is overwhelmed with all the choices out there.	
Mar 25 2007 	Quiet hotel in great location	Staying at the Metro was a highlight of my recent five-night trip to New York. I was there during an unusual spring snowstorm. However, the location of the Metro was perfect. It was near the Empire State Building and within walking distance of the theater district. The hotel had a wonderful breakfast every morning, which kept overall expenses low. I requested a quiet room on an upper floor. My room was larger than I expected with a roomy closet. It was very clean and quiet. I look forward to going back.	
Mar 19 2007 	Excellent Hotel.	Just came back from a magnificnet holiday to NYC. This hotel is excellent. Location, location, location alone makes this hotel a number 1 choice. The room was big enough for our stay. People say the rooms were small, but your only sleeping there and we never felt cramped at all. There are no difference in size of horel room from when we have stayed in London. We were on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel. We are pleased that we did. No view from the room, but to be honest all the buildings in the area are the same size or bigger. I cant really see what view you could have. I would recommend staying at the back of the hotel, due to the street noise with the forever beeping horns from cars. 5 min walk to Empire State, under 5 mins to Macy's, 10-15 mins walk to Times Square. Breakfast was great and had a lovely area to eat in or to relax after a long day. Tea and coffee 24/7. Staff friendly and helpful. Definately recommend this hotel. I cant wait to go back.	
Mar 15 2007	What a surprise!	I stayed at the Hotel Metro along with 6 friends for a 5 night stay shopping and taking in all the sights. The hotel was functional and all that we really needed for a long weekend. The room was small (no view) but clean. The breakfast adequate. The 24hr complimentary tea/coffee facilities were very useful especially as a 'pitstop' during frantic shopping sprees!. The lounge was a welcome retreat to rest tired feet also!.At first, when we arrived in the city after a long and tiring journey from London, I was not entirely sure where we were situated - so a visit to the rooftop terrace proved to be a wonderful surprise!. The Empire State Building is so close you feel you can almost touch it!. Talk about a great photo opportunity!. It's just one of the experiences I shall never forget from my wonderful trip to New York.I would stay at the Hotel Metro again for it's convenient (and breathtaking) location.	
Mar 15 2007 	Great Hotel Wonderful Location........	Had a great time in NYC &amp; Hotel Metro helped along the way. We were upgraded to a kingsize room without asking, 8th floor at the back of hotel, great room. Had a bath plus shower, loads of floor space &amp; walk in wardrobe. No trouble with street noise.Breakfast was heaven, great chioce, never overcrowded and always plenty to eat. Coffee on tap 24/7, great to take to your room. All staff very friendly &amp; helpful. Had a slight problem with our room safe, this was sorted within 10 minutes to our complete satisfaction.Great location, 5 minutes walk to Empire State, 15 minutes to Times Square, 30 minutes Central Park - wonderful.Try Heartland Brewery at bottom of Empire State - great home brew beers &amp; ciders. Tavern on the Green in Central park does a mean Lemon Martini.Irish Pub the Playwright next to Hotel is nice &amp; friendly &amp; burgers are wonderful.Can recommend the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Terminal - lovely food.Matthew the door man, very polite &amp; arranges your taxi to the airport in good time to check in.	
Mar 5 2007	Nice hotel....good breakfast!	After reviewing many hotels on this site, I ended up choosing the Metro for a 4 night trip to NYC with my mom and cousin. I mainly chose this for the location and for the fact that a breakfast was included. It was very nice to have the continental breakfast as an option in the mornings, and saved us from having to buy breakfast or coffee elsewhere. The 24 hr. coffee/tea service in the lobby was a nice touch as well.The location of the hotel was awesome. It was a quick walk to the next block for both Macy's and the Empire State Bldg. We usually took a cab everywhere else because the weather was so cold while we were there. A cab ride to Times Square was about 6 dollars and approx. 5-10 minutes depending on traffic. Also about the same $ and time for a cab to any of the theatres.Overall, the hotel was a good value by NYC standards. Our room happened to be a wheelchair-accessible room, so it was obviously larger than what the normal room size would be. Therefore, the three of us had plenty of space in a room with two double beds. I can't comment on the space issue in the average room. We were located (I think) on the back of the hotel, and there was no view at all from our window. But it didn't matter because we truly weren't in the room long enough anyway. Who wants to hang out in their hotel while in NYC??We did have a couple of minor problems with our room though that I should comment on. Our toilet continued to malfunction and we had to have maintenance there several times. Also the battery on our door lock started to &quot;go dead&quot; in the middle of the night (which resulted in a constant low beeping noise from 2 AM until we left the room at 9 AM). Apparently the front desk person was unable to change the battery and maintenance had to be contacted for this problem. This was a bit irritating to us, and the front desk wasn't very accomodating. Overall, the staff wasn't very helpful and/or friendly (with the exception of one bellman--an older gentleman and unfortunately I can't recall his name).So in summary, I would recommend this hotel for price, location, breakfast/coffee---but hopefully you won't have problems that require assistance from the front desk staff. Have fun in the city!!!	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Stayed at the Hotel Metro last July on a business trip. Room was very spacious and clean; bathroom was clean as well (a bit dated looking, but still clean). Gym facilities were OK - just used the treadmill and it was fine. Loved the upper deck for cocktails in the evening! Staff was friendly and helpful. There were lots of good choices for Breakfast and the room it was served in was large and comfortable with TV's all around to catch up on the morning news.Location was great! So many destinations within walking distance...couldn't have asked for better.I would definitely recommend this hotel for both business and pleasure travel. Looking forward to another stay at the Hotel Metro.	
Mar 2 2007	Not as great as it used to be	We used to love this hotel, but the rooms have gotten smaller and the terrific free refrigerators have been replaced by prestocked bars that very sensitive to touch so it is easy to get an extra charge on your bill. Not a bad hotel for the money, but not as great as it used to be. Has a nice roof garden with a view of the Empire State Building and most of the people are fairly friendly.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great Location	We stayed at the Hotel Metro for our honeymoon over New Year 2003-2004. The hotel has a wonderful location very close to Macys and The Empire State Building. We were slightly disappointed with the actual room - it certainly wasn't what you'd imagine your honeymoon suite to look like (!) but it was clean and did the job! The staff were very helpful and friendly - particularly after our luggage went missing for 36 hours at the airport.The negatives were that we were on the floor below the gym so could hear people running on the treadmill. Also we had absolutely no view from our room. And the free breakfast wasn't up to much, but then it was free and we didn't have to eat it!	
Feb 28 2007 	Some good 	The Good:- got a special discount when booked on-line- clean room- nice bathroom and hot water- good bagels for breakfast- helpful staff- central Manhattan locationThe Bad:- smaller room than shown on website (I hate that!)- noise from front street (windows not soundproof at all!)I would not stay in a front room on the weekend due to the street noise. The weeknights were better. Overall I might try them again but would be tempted to try another hotel in a different location (either Greenwich, Soho).	
Feb 25 2007 	It's a fine place to stay - good value	We stayed three nights in Feb. 2007. We had a standard room, with a double bed, desk, two chairs, and a closet.On the positive side, the room was average size for NYC. It was very clean. The bathroom was good sized, and the hot water worked well. The desk staff was friendly and helpful. They have a business center (2 computers) w/ printer and internet access, and they say they have hotel-wide wi-fi, but we didn't bring our computer to try. The complimentary continental breakfast was very convinient, if crowded. The hotel is short walking distance from the Empire State Building, Herald Square, Penn Station, and Madison Square Garden. TImes Square is only a slightly longer walk. For everything else, the hotel is very convenient to the subway - the station is at the end of the block. There are a couple of asian restaurants nearby, and a couple of irish pubs. The hotel bar makes an excellent cocktail.On the down side, we experienced many of the problems mentioned in other traveler reviews. Our room was very hot, even with the heater off. It was around 20 degrees F outside during our stay, so we were able to sleep by cracking a window, but if it were just a few degrees warmer outside, it probably would have been unbearable. The room safe didn't work, so we had to take our valuables with us when we were out. The street noise was slightly distrubing (even when we had the window closed), even though we were at the back of the hotel and on the 12th floor. The elevators were incredibly slow, and while there was a person in uniform who was presumably the doorman, he did not open doors or assist with luggage. This would not have been a problem, except my wife is eight months pregnant and had trouble opening the door (it was REALLY windy) when I had the luggage. The guy just watched her struggle. Lastly, the touted rooftop terrace was closed for construction.Anyhow, for the price, I suppose it is an OK hotel. There was nothing awful about our stay. However, there was nothing here to really make me want to come back. I will probably try a different hotel in this price range next time I'm in NYC.	
Feb 20 2007	Hotel Metro a real find	A lovely stay. Kind people at the desk. A surprisingly nice continental breakfast. My room was quite large. As a single traveler I'm often given a closet. Small bathroom but perfectly nice. I'd stay here in a minute. As there was a lot of snow on the roof and repairs were underway, the amazing roof deck was closed. I peeked out and wasn't prepared for the stunning view of the Empire State Building! For the on-line price you can't beat it.	
Feb 17 2007	Fantastic Location	Having booked on line, we were not too sure what to expect , but were pleasntly surprised. Beautiful decor(very NYC)and the view from the roof top bar at night was jawdropping.We (my sister and I) had asked for 2 beds,but were given a double bed -we were told that a &quot;request&quot; does not automatically guarnatee what you asked for and it was not the hotel at fault , but the booking agent ! After a few minutes of debating we decided that we were in NY so why worry..The location of the hotel was perfect ( Macy's to the right, Empire State Building to the left).The staff were nothing but courteous and helpful and the hotel was spotless.The showers were hot and the bathroom clean.Rooms were clean and fresh and had a safe at no extra cost. Free tea &amp; coffee at any time and a decent breakfast to set up eager tourists for the day.Loved NYC which was helped by the fact that the Metro Hotel was more or less perfect!!!I will be back.....Jackie Ryan, Galway ,Ireland	
Feb 15 2007 	Shopping 	I stayed at the Metro Hotel for 5 days with two other female friends from the 1st to the 5th Feb 2007. The hotel is near all the beautiful Manhattan shops and accessable to all the tourist attractictions. The Staff are wonderful and helpful especially George. The hotel is clean and the rooms are large ( we where given a free uprgade to a suite!!...loved it).The breakfast is to die for...you wiill die after stuffing your face with all the muffins...an food on offer.I cannot rate this hotel enough...a 10 out of 10.I am back in NYC in July with my 3 year old and i know where i will be staying...Yes....the Metro again ..if they will have me back.Only joking they loved me and my friends....even when we came back from clubbing at 5am in the morning!Check it outRegardsAllyson	
Feb 14 2007	Really pleased with the hotel!	I chose the hotel from reading previous reviews with no specific recommendations &amp; I must admit I was a bit worried that it would be rubbish.When we checked in I'd booked a Deluxe double just to guarantee a good size room &amp; I'd asked for a high floor so we could have a view of the city. One of the receptionists advised that the Deluxe rooms were at the back of the hotel, not over the street to minimise noise - at first I wasn't very impressed but when I saw the room it was lovely, much larger than I'd expected &amp; also, we heard nothing the 4 nights we stayed there!The free tea &amp; coffee was fantastic, we must have saved a fortune as we'd travelled during the coldest weekend New York has seen for years! The central location was ideal for shoping/ sightseeing, then returning to the hotel for a coffee &amp; a rest, then off out again.The hotel staff recommended a steak house - Uncle Jacks as we hadn't pre-booked, again I checked the reviews on the free internet access (another bonus!) mixed reviews but we went along &amp; it was fantastic - the staff were very friendly, steaks were huge &amp; their garlic mash was to die for!! It was approx £100 for two &amp; worth it &amp; we felt comfortable walking there &amp; back late at night. Breakfast at the hotel was ideal, enough to keep you going well into the afternoon - I had been looki ng forward to trying the all american breakfast but never got around to it - the hotel breakfast did just fine.I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a central location, polite and friendly staff with a great breakfast to get you going.	
Feb 12 2007 	Really pleased with chose the Metro	I stayed at the Metro in New York last October and I’m afraid it’s taken me all this time to do this review. However, I did particularly want to do this review as my husband and I were so pleased that we chose the Metro. We didn’t know where to stay but our friends from Washington recommended the Metro. We were particularly pleased with it’s location, being very central, surrounded by lots of shops, within a few yards of the metro station and within walking distance of Penn Railway Station, which we needed as we were travelling onwards to Washington. The one down point was the lack of medium range restaurants in locality. We arrived in the evening and wanted to have a meal but all the restaurants nearby were fast food, serving mainly pizzas, hamburgers, hot dogs etc. We couldn’t find a decent reasonably priced restaurant in the area at all. Maybe someone else will be able to recommend one but we walked around for at least an hour and could find nothing. We ended up eating at the Metro Hotel restaurant which was good but it would have been nice to have a choice. We did find in most areas of the City that there were plenty of cheap fast food restaurants and also very expensive restaurants but a lack of medium range restaurants. I’m sure they are there tucked away in side streets but we walked a lot and didn’t see many. We stayed in a basic room with no upgrade and were really pleased with it. It was a little on the small size but what you would expect for the price we were paying in a major city. Everything was very clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a bath as well as a shower. The free Broadband was good and really fast. It saved us a lot on phone calls as we could E Mail our friends in Washington when to expect us etc. However, the biggest bonus was the breakfast. Our room price included Continental breakfast and we were expecting just tea/coffee and pastries but there was a really good selection, including large selection of bread/bagels, cereals, boiled eggs, cheeses, yogurts, muffins, selection of teas, coffee, hot chocolate. I have probably left things out as it’s hard to remember everything. There may have been cold meats but I wouldn’t have noticed, being a vegetarian. My only complaint would be that it was served with the usual plastic cutlery and paper plates that we found in many establishments in New York, however, I’m probably just being fussy, being used to standards in the UK. As it was winter we could not use the rooftop bar but I’m sure that would be really nice in the summer. So all in all, I would thoroughly recommend the Metro for a short city break in a central location.	
Feb 6 2007 	Great hotel.	Just returned from a 6 night stay at the Metro and was very impressed with it. The location is excellent being very central and close to Maceys, the Empire State Building and a subway station. I loved the art deco styling in reception and in the rooms. Our room was big enough, it had a large TV and a good bathroom with Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. I asked for a high floor and was put in a room on the 6th floor - it was at the back of the hotel so no view but no traffic noise either.We had a few problems with the safe which refused to open but once the maintenance man realised it was actually faulty and the problem didn't lie with our inability to work it, he quickly fitted a new door to it.Minor gripes were lack of coathangers and lack of shelf space in the bathroom.The free breakfast was fine I thought although my husband was disappointed there was no option for a cooked breakfast. I didn't like the disposable cutlery and crockery though - that's not helping the global warming situation!Once we checked out, the doorman was happy to store our cases and book us a taxi to the airport.Finally I must recommend Brendan's Bar and Grill across the street for excellent food at reasonable prices in a lovely setting which you would not expect from the outside.	
Feb 6 2007 	Good value	Stayed here for Christmas 2006. Have been in NYC a few times, and we really enjoyed this hotel. Nice and very clean room with a view. Excellent location in Midtown. Maybe not as cool as Hotel QT, where we've also stayed, but Metro is on the other hand not as expensive. Free internet access and breakfast was also nice. If you'r looking for good value in Midtown, this is the place to go.	
Jan 31 2007 	Great Hotel	We just got back to the UK from an excellent 5 night stay at the Hotel Metro, W35th St, NY, arranged through Virgin Atlantic Holidays. The hotel was in a really good position half a block from Herald Square and Macy's. It was very clean and comfortable and the staff - including the room maids - were helpful, friendly and polite. Our room was large, the double bed comfortable, the good sized bathroom clean with a good shower, and the large TV (with satellite) actually worked (unlike some in other NY hotels we've stayed at previously!). There was also a mini-bar (though we didn't use it) and the heating wasn't opressive (and we could open the window). The only down side was the street noise at night (especially with the window open!) which sounded as if there was construction/rubbish collection going on all night every night - but we had been given a choice of room and chose front which probably wasn't too smart!There was free coffee available all day in the lounge (which you could take up to your room if you wanted) and a really great free breakfast - coffee, juice, fresh fruit, muffins, bagels, toast, pastries, yoghurts, cereals - you name it, everything you could possibly want short of a full cooked menu! Altogether a really great little hotel in an excellent, mid-town position, close to all the sights and convenient if you want to shop til you drop! We can thoroughly recommend it - the only thing making it fall short of an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating was the street noise at night but apart from that we couldn't fault it and would certainly stay there again.(Oh, and the Virgin flights were great too!)	
Jan 28 2007 	Relaxing Hotel in great location	We found the Hotel Metro to be very comfortable and relaxing - it is in a great location just around the corner from Macy's and a short walk to Times Square - 10 - 15 mins. We could see the Empire State building from our room. We had a family suite - two bedroomed with bathroom which was ideal for my husband &amp; I and our son. It felt spacious - nice large windows and fairly high ceilings. The complimentary breakfast was very nice and it was good to be able to get tea and coffee at anytime of day - you just help yourself in the room where breakfast is served. We would definitely stay at the Hotel Metro again.	
Jan 24 2007 	Great Loacation	Just the most fantastic location, out of the hotel turn right 500 metres down the street and Macy's is right infront of you, Turn left 500 metres down the st and your on 5th Avenue - this hotel cannot be any better placed.Hotel is lovely, staff nice and breakfast filling. The rooms are of good standard, if you have the luxury of staying on a high or top floor you can see the empire state building in your view. The decor is a little dated but not as bad as some hotels in NY.Would definitely recommend especially for those first timers in NY.	
Jan 22 2007 	Juat what we wnted	5 night stay - from Newcastle upon TyneMy only previous NYC trip had been a prize with a stay at The Waldorf so it was with some trepidation that my wife and I turned up at Hotel Metro.I should not have been concerned.Apart from the fact that the front rooms are noisy (ear plugs anadvantage) nothing else turned out to be any concern.Staff were pleasant and polite, complimentary breakfasts were smashing and the location was spot on - 100 yards from 34th St/Herald Square.We went for a twin room and this may be worthy of consideration for the extra space in the bedroom.Use the weekly Metro Ticket at $24 to get around. Once you master the subway it is far cheaper than the taxi option when you are likely to be at Central Park and Soho etc in the same day!One tip - avoid the offer of a bus to the airport and rely on a taxi - at least the taxi will not have additional stops en route to JFK!	
Jan 20 2007	Bed linens weren't 100% cotton	Good value for a family. Only real complaint was the bed linens were not 100% cotton. They were a 60/40 poly blend which drives me bonkers as did the polyester blanket/cover. All that static - ugh.	
Jan 13 2007 	Good room. Excellent breakfast. Awesome location. Love NYC!	***My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Metro for 13 nights over Thanksgiving into the start of the Christmas rush. What a fabulous time to be in New York City (NYC), a must do!!! Lots of lights and beautiful Christmas displays everywhere, this is an opportunity for kids to really enjoy the season and adults to relive their childhood!***To the room, it was a good size with adaquate storage. The room had a laptop safe with room for other valuables as well. The washroom was a bit small but nothing we couldn't work with. ***Room service was quick when we asked for extras. We never ordered food or ate in the hotel restaurant as there are alot of dining choices around the hotel including lil Korea which is just two blocks over. We even got a few work outs in the hotel gym.*** To avoid the noise from the street, we requested a room on a higher floor near the back of the hotel. In saying this, we would use our earplugs again as noisy car horns and garbage trucks rumbling through are just part of the ambiance in NYC. *** We started each morning with a healthy serving of tasty and healthy breakfast delights in the lounge which was included in the room charge. The staff were prepared with enough food and seating to fit everyone even during days when there were big events such as Black Friday and the Macy's Day Parade. ***The hotel is centrally located to local attractions and there is a subway station 1/2 a block away. Macy's is 1/2 block away, the Empire State Building is 1 block away and Time Square is only a 10 minute walk while the uptown attractions like Central Park, Trump Tower etc are about a 25 minute walk away. ***We will book again at the Hotel Metro. Thank you to all of those who had taken the time to share their experiences on Tripadvisor.***NYC is a must see destination and very friendly city, but be prepared to open up your wallet from the time you get off the plane until you are back on the plane. It is worth everyone penny!***Thanks Tripadvisor.	
Jan 7 2007 	Nice Place	We stayed at Hotel Metro in April 2006. We loved it. It was clean, the staff was friendly and the free breakfast was even decent.The rooms are small, but clean. High speed Internet was faster than dial-up, but not by much. But it worked.The room was small, but that's expected in NYC, especially in a moderately price hotel.Very clean and the bathroom was nice. So were the toiletries that were provided.Near the Empire State Building and subway stations.We would definitely stay here again. In fact, we are visiting NYC again in May 2007, and tried to book at Hotel Metro, but it was sold out!I would defintiely stay at Hotel Metro again.	
Jan 5 2007 	never again	Stayed 3 nights at the Metro.We got a newly renovated room with two beds. It was small but clean. They offer a nice free breakfast. Location is nice, Macy's is just around the corner and subway is only a few steps away.Sounds like a perfect place?NO!The rooms facing the street are a nightmare because it was extremely loud as the windows have no soundproofing and most of the window seals are gone!You feel like standing in the middle of the street. It is a very busy street and you will be awake every nigth for up to 3-4 hrs because of the garbage collection! Scores and scores of bags cover the sidewalks every night and it takes time to collect all.The front-desk staff is extremly rude and lied to beat the band!They also refused to give us an other room.I will never stay here again!Be careful, this place could ruin your stay in NYC if you get on of the rooms facing the street.	
Jan 4 2007 	Hit and Miss	I was staying at the Hotel Metro for business, so a good night's sleep was key. Unfortunately, I stayed there during an unusually warm weekend in December. They had shut the air conditioning off for the season, and all I could get out of the unit in my room was hot air--not even air from the outside. I'd estimate the temperature in my room reached about 90 degrees by bedtime. After several desperate phone calls to the front desk between midnight and 1am, someome finally came up and opened my bedroom window. But, I STILL wasn't able to sleep because of all of the street noise. The manager was very helpful the next day, and they did manage to find a room for me at the back of the hotel, where the fan did actually blow air from the outside. But, the first night was miserable. The rooms were average for New York, small and a little bit shabby. The breakfast was wonderful, though they could use more seating, and the location was terrific for my purposes. But, I would not stay again.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great!	We stayed at the Hotel Metro between 19th and 23rd December and had a great time. After reading the reviews here we asked for a room on one of the higher floors and we were given a room on the 9th floor which was very quiet. Clean, comfortable room, no bath but that didn't matter. Hotel staff were very helpful, gave us maps of New York and advised us about trains etcThe free 24hr coffee is very welcome, breakfast great. We'd told the hotel we were in New York to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary and champagne and chocolates were waiting for us in our room when we arrived.We had a wonderful time in New York and would stay here again!	
Dec 28 2006 	Not the best value in Midtown	We stayed at this hotel in December 2006 and found it to be a very &quot;average&quot; hotel room for midtown. It was extremely loud as the windows are not very soundproof and there seemed to be construction or something going on outside until 3AM. We have stayed at two other hotels in midtown for the same price and they were both much more modern, cleaner and had larger rooms. With that all said, there were no major dissapointments with this hotel - the breakfast was good, service was great and the location is indeed very good. The area is safe and there is a subway one block away. Overall, decent hotel but there is better value to be found in midtown.	
Dec 27 2006 	Nice Hotel Fantastic Location	My wife and I stayed here the weekend before Christmas, &quot;The Most Wonderful Time of the Year,&quot; which means it's the most crowded. While in a busy part of town - just a block from Macy's - the quiet seclusion of the Hotel Metro made a nice escape from our otherwise touristy weekend. We flew into JFK, took the Airtrain to Jamaica Station and the Long Island Railroad to Penn Station. This was the most economical means I could find to travel into the city ($10 per person at the non-peak time). We walked from Penn Station - which was no problem. Taking cab here could be a problem as things always seemed kind of jammed around the nearby intersections. There is also a subway stop at the 6th Ave end of the block but we actually never used it. The desk had our check-in information almost instantaneously after we arrived, even though the desk attendant was simultaneously assisting another guest with some show reservations.The room was adequately sized and very clean. It was apparent that they had gutted and older hotel at some point recently as everything had a kind of &quot;new clean&quot; feel to it. The bathroom had some nice products. No view to speak of - but we hadn't come here to stay in the room. It was very quiet in the mornings - we were on the side away from the street. The free breakfast is filling and a good starter. The free wireless internet is a great help! The rooftop terrace was &quot;closed for renovations&quot; - but I'm sure it's awesome as the Empire State Building Towers over the whole area.It's only one subway stop to Times Square, so we walked there as well - about 15 minutes - up Broadway. Saw a show at the Marquis Theater (The Drowsy Chaperone) - the ticket gave you a free pass to &quot;The View&quot; Lounge, which is usually $7. You'll need that to spring for the $15 cocktails. But it's a rotating restaurant / lounge ringed at the window by tables for 2 - so a great place for a date. We walked up 5th Avenue to Rockefeller Center and did &quot;The Top of the Rock&quot; - this was a much better experience than the Empire State Building, which I did a year ago. I was kind of shocked by the disparity between the massive crowd around the ice rink and tree and how empty / spacious it was at the top. I guess this secret isn't out yet!For all of our activities, the Hotel Metro provided and excellent base as we wanted to check out things from Central Park to Canal Street's shady shopping. It was a little pricey - but so was everything for this time of year. Overall, we had a great stay and I would stay here again.	
Dec 24 2006 	Great Location -- One Room Four People	I needed a hotel room that had a bedroom with a bed and another room with 2 beds. We booked a suite that had a bedroom and 2 beds in the living room instead of a sofa. The room with the two beds was right next to the hotel's red neon sign giving the room a film noir feel. Could have benefited from heavier blackout curtains. And the garbage pickup was around 2am.But as this affected my kids and not the adults -- who cares! No seriously, I would ask for a room that didn't front the street -- was busy. Beyond that, the room was very nice and suited the task at hand -- college visit perfectly. Had a sink outside of the bathroom which was helpful in getting the 4 of us out and about.The breakfast buffet was good too. We went up on the roof to take pictures of the empire state building at night -- very nice.We paid $239/night and haven't seen a price like that since. We would go back if we did.	
Dec 23 2006 	good location and worth the money	great loaction for time square, maceys etc. The staff are helpful and we enjoyed our stay had a room on the fifth floor looking into the square nothing to look at but no noise from the road, wifi in the room worked well.	
Dec 21 2006 	Nice hotel good value	We stayed at the hotel metro the first weekend in Decemeber and were pleasantly surprised. We booked the family suite that has one queen bed in one bedroom which has a door and then 2 double beds in the main room and there is one bathroom. The room with two beds is fairly spacious (for nyc) and has a table. The other room has a desk. We booked it for a girl's getaway with 3 adults -- it would be nice for a family with kids since the parents could have some privacy.The hotel seemed very clean both in the room, lobby and lounge area. The beds were comfortable.There is a decent spread for the free breakfast that includes, bagels, muffins, toast, cereal, yogurt, cheese, coffee and juice. I highly recommend trying one of the coconut muffins. Breakfast seemed to be available till 10.Coffee, tea and hot chocolate are available 24 hours a day in the lounge. There is free wireless in all rooms and the lobby.This hotel is in a good location less than a block to the subway, one block from Macy's and about 2 blocks from the empire state building. And within easy walking distance of times square.The hotel staff seemed friendly and helpful.The one problem I noticed in the room is there is a large crack in the bathroom window -- it appears that they have tried to fix this issue by using lots of tape.I would recommend the hotel metro. The family suite is a really nice deal if you need more than two beds.	
Dec 8 2006	Understated and Comfortable	Clean, quiet, simple...understated good taste, thoughtful decor, refined sensibility...very well done. Oh, and a good bargain too!I'll definitely stay there again if I'm in Midtown. The Roof Garden is going to be really nifty when it's done, especially in decent weather.Bill O'D-Chicago	
Dec 5 2006 	Best Hotel in Midtown	This is a great hotel!!! If you want the best place in midtown, this is your place. The rooms are nice, there is a great breakfast included. Be sure to talk to a doorman named Matthew. He is a native new yorker with all the best advice. A really great guy! The subway is right by the hotel and can take you anywhere. Be sure to buy the 1 day fun pass for $7 instead of $2 a trip. The location was perfect for anywhere you want to go. I would stay here again and again.	
Dec 5 2006 	great place to stay	On arrival at hotel our room was not ready but our friends room was so we left our luggage in their room, we were given our key and told to it would be ready in about 1 hour which was fine as we where going shoppong anyway!!. Room was lovely we had a double double delux room which was a really good size plenty of room to walk about a small sitting area and a large cupbaord to hang our clothes, 2 double beds our view was not so good (car park!!) but we didnt spend our time looking out the window. bathrom was on the small side but did the job lots of nice toiletries to use and a great power shower.in the breakfast area you can get tea and coffee 24 hours a day which is great, breakfast was more than sufficient with toast bagels crossiants etc. Reception staff were really helpful, we had arranged a limo to pick us up on the sat night as it was our friends birthday the hotel arranged this for us and it was great.If your after a few good restaurants we went to the View (AT the top of the marriot hotel) which was amazing it takes 1 hour to rotate all the way round the top of the hotel and you have a panaramic view of new york food and service was fantastic could not fault anything apart from the bill (very expensive) but worth every penny! Also went on the premier yachet dinner dance (for our birthday celebration) which was great a 3 hour cruise down the river past the statue of liberty and the back drop of new york at night was magical! dinner was excellant and dancing was good fun too (dress up for this one!!) Had a good steak at rosie o'donnels restaurant which is just past times square going north .Did take a few taxi rides as we were limited on time as we had such a packed schedule! thought most taxi drivers were on a death wish lol but it was good fun if you dont mind goind really fast!.Over all we really recommed this hotel to everyone great location good condition friendly people, could ask for more!	
Dec 4 2006 	Excellent Location	Excellent Location 100 meters from Macey's and 34th street metro. 2 minutes from Empire State.Very good breakfast. Rooms very nice and friendly staff.Same street as few nice pubs/restaurants. Also try Jack Dempseys on side of Empire State for food.We are VERY picky when it comes to staying in places and this was very good - comfortable and easy. Spent a week looking for hotels and reading reviews.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great location!	We had transport booked from the airport to the hotel which was a good start. On arriving at the hotel the desk staff were helpful. The room was a good size and the bathroom was good too, plus plenty of nice toiletries provided everyday. The hotel was in the best location, one street from the Empire State Building and the hotel had a roof terrace which in the evening had the most amazing view of the ESB all lit up. We walked absolutely everywhere, we did not use any public transport and whilst our feet were in agony it was soo worth it as you didn't miss anything when we went places. Plus as it was in the middle of everything you could walk either right down to battery park or up to central park etc.. Was also close enough to Times Square for the evening. The breakfast was probably the only part which wasn't brilliant but it was ok, there were huge muffins and danish pastries, though if you came back in about 11 am you could have round two if you liked! or at least another coffee or fruit juice. The metro restaurant which was adjoined was really lovely and the food here was fab, we ended up eating here every night as it was so good. We booked a trip with the hotel to go on an evening boat trip around Manhattan and I would say this was the best part of the holiday, seeing lit up Manhattan at night going under Brooklyn Bridge etc it was amazing and we were lucky enough to also see a firework display on that trip which was fantastic.As to New York, get to the ESB at about 8am on a week day and you won't have to queue at all and it's worth doing the option with the speaker so you get stories as you go around the top. The views were brilliant. We went to Liberty Island in the afternoon, it was good though she's not as big as I imagined! You will have to queue to get on the boat, we didn't get off at Ellis Island but if you want to, go early as you will be queuing a long time to get back on the boat from here as it picks up the Liberty Island Trippers first and then the people from Ellis just fit in any space that is left. If you want to go up the pedestal of Liberty you have to phone to pre book or there are a limited amount of tickets on the day, though I don't think we missed much by not going inside it. Grand Central Terminal is worth a trip, even if it's just to grab something to eat, the food court downstairs is massive as are the huge sandwiches!If you want tickets from the cheap TKTS booth for Broadway shows, we went to the less crowded one down the bottom end of the island, however there wasn't much left by the time we got there so I'd recommend getting there when it opens.We were not planning on passing ground zero, however it is difficult to miss but actually does make you think and you may wish to stop by to pay respect.Also I think next time we will arrange to have one of those trips with a real New Yorker, but you have to book well in advance.I would definitely stay at this hotel again (also about the hotel there is a safe in the room which is also a bonus).	
Nov 29 2006 	Great littel hotel great location	I'm so glad I trusted the Trip Advisor reviews--this hotel is a gem. We decided rather last minute to take a Thanksgiving weekend trip to New York, so I was pleasantly surprised to be able to find a hotel in a great location at such a reasonable price for NYC ($220/nite for a regular double). The rooms wasn't huge by US standards, but was very well-maintained, smartly appointed, comfortable and, above all, clean! The continental breakfast that's included is a big plus--a wide selection of fruit, cereal, bagels, pastries, yogurt, cheese, juices--more than enough to give you a great start on the day. And the lounge remains open with coffee and tea available 24 hours.The location is great. On a relatively quiet street just a block from Herald Square and easy walking distance to all Midtown attractions. The doorman gave great tips and directions.The only funkiness is the minibar system, which is on a sensor and registers anything that's moved. But at checkout we were aksed what we used, and everything else was taken off with no hassle at all.A very pleasant experience--would definitely stay there again and recommend to anyone.	
