	Very Trendy Hotel!!!!!	We stayed here last week for 4 nights and had a great time!! We had a &quot;wonderful king&quot; on the 21st floor which was very trendy and pretty spacious with an amazing comfy bed!!!!! Location is fantastic Its bang in the middle of Times Square!!! The staff were really helpful and friendly too!!	
	Wonderful	We spent 5 nights at the W this week for our honeymoon and my hubbys 40Th birthday. We requested a room overlooking the Macys Thanksgiving day parade and we got one room 2904. We arrived a little early for check in and they gave us vouchers for free drinks at the bar while we waited. The room was a great size with plenty of room and storage and a great flat screen tv. The staff we great and very friendly. Hotel was right on Time Square but wasnt noisy at all at night	
	My family and I had such a great stay at this trendy hotel--we felt like celebrities!	My family and I stayed at the W Times Square in July. The location is perfect--right in the hustle and bustle of Times Sq but located on a fairly quiet street near cute restaurants and delis. The doormen are so friendly! We loved walking through the waterfall-adorned ground entrance. Once you enter the lobby, you feel like you're in a trendy club, but it's definitely not pretentious. All the staff were very nice and accommodating. Whenever we had a request, they responded right away. The rooms were decently sized (this is New York City), and quite chic. The views were amazing. We had a delicious dinner in Blue Fin (the restaurant located downstairs). MAKE SURE you save room for the warm cookie plate! They're the best (so is the seafood). The concierge were also very knowledgable and patient with our lack of NYC knowledge and we could have spent loads of money in the W store. Finally, you can't beat the Bliss bath products and the glass-enclosed showers!	
Nov 25 2009 	Fantabulous hip hotel right in the centre of things	Stayed here last week and can't speak highly enough of teh place.Got a great deal via Hotwire (&lt;$200) which really helped.That said, the entrance hall under a glass ceiling with water tumbling onto it was very cool, the lobby on the 7th floor was very hip, with a great bar (expensive, but very generous pours), free wifi, a great shop and heaps of attentive and very helpful staff.We stayed on the 24th floor, and the room was great - only possible downside was that you could hear the bustle of the street and honking horns below, but that is one of the joys of Times Sq!Times square had a little too much bustle for me and next time I would probably look to stay further south, perhaps in the meat market, but in truth this was one of the best hotels I have stayed in for the money and location - thoroughly recommended	
Nov 19 2009 	Best Place I've ever stayed	This is the coolest, hippest hotel I've ever stayed at. Wonderful bars and restaurant -- superb cocktails and seafood. The lobby is upstairs --you access it from elevators that open onto the street. The staff is great -- very friendly and courteous. The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Great amenities -- loved the TVs --and the view. I spent Christmas there last year -- and am going to New York again this Christmas but must spend time with relatives. Wish I could go back!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	LOVED THIS HOTEL	I took my daughter to NYC for her 13th birthday. She had never been to NYC. We had a WONDERFUL experience. This hotel is luxury. My daughter felt like a &quot;movie star&quot;. The staff here is unbelieveably helpful and friendly. They remembered that it was my daughter's birthday trip and from check-in things were amazing. Special presents in the room for my daugher, a great view of the city, birthday cake and cards!! They answer every question promptly and professionally. I cannot say enough about how wonderful our experience was and how great the staff was. Hotel is quiet and a GREAT location. Walked to WIcked, basically walked everywhere!! Felt extremely safe here too.	
Nov 14 2009 	Nice hotel if a bit dark	Nice hotel for business stay, great service and amenities. It is, however, a bit dark and trendy, which is not for some people's taste. Also, Times Sq is not the best place to stay in New York.	
Nov 13 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	I stayed one night at the W Hotel Times Square. I came in on a Friday and left on Saturday. Positives:-Cool/Trendy Atmosphere-Fairly quick check in-W Bar is nice, good place to hang out for a bit-Rooms are nice (had a king size bed on the 14th floor)-Awesome soft super comfortable bed-Shower head provides the most delicious shower I've ever taken (I really don't know why this shower stood out compared to the many different hotel showers I've had)Much more room than the Hudson hotel (my Sis and her bf stayed there and had that as a big complaing)-The concierge service was exceptional in providing information-In addition concierge helped me out with tying my tux tie.-By far my favorite thing is that everyone who answered the phone when you called from your room or who called to your room from the staff greeted you as an individual. It did not feel like you were just another guest, it actually felt personalized. At the end of the day, once you get up to high end hotels, it's things like these that make a difference (&quot;Sorry to wake you from your dreams Mr. _____, but it's time to wake up, would you like me to call you again in a few minutes to make sure you're awake? - wake up call).Negatives- Ipod dock does not charge iphone/ipod just plays music (forgot my charger so it's really my fault)-My room faced Times Square but was blocked by billboards.-	
Nov 10 2009 	Don't believe the hype.	I was excited about staying at the W before I actually got there. My experience differed, however, from that of those who give it favorable reviews. The hotel entry area and 8th floor lobby are very sleek and trendy but the rest of the hotel -- most notably our guestroom -- was very dark and needed some updating. The paint on the ceiling in the bathroom was peeling away, the furniture looked extremely worn and I found the art and color scheme in the room a little depressing. The room was cramped and offered no good storage space for our clothes and other articles. That resulted in a lot of clutter for the length of our stay. The TV kept switching on its own from whatever we were watching to the annoying hotel channel on which pay per view movies are advertised.I was in NYC for the marathon and had looked forward to soaking in a bath after the race. Unfortunately, the room offered only a shower. Room service was too overpriced (e.g., about $50.00 for a small breakfast, most of which was concealed in fine print delivery fees, service charges and tax) to order anything and the lobby bar was pretty much the same (we paid $33 for two simple drinks). At $75 bucks for our four night stay, we elected not to spring for internet service. At $400+ a night, I think the W could provide WiFi for free. The best part of the W was the bed. It was cozy and comfortable, but that's pretty much it. In a nutshell, I think the W times Square is way overrated. For the money (about $1700 for four nights), we deserved better than what the W delivered.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location great hotel	We stayed 4 nights and really couldn't fault the hotel, staff or rooms. We had a corner room on the 56th floor and the views over Times Square and the Hudson River were amazing day and night. We dined at the Blue Fin restaurant for breakfast each day and it was really good, better than any of the others nearby by a mile. We also had dinner one evening upstairs and it was also very good. The location just cannot be beaten, walking across the road to the theatre was so good and all the tourist bus etc stop very close too, as well as the subway stations and taxis. We will definitely stay here again we we next visit New York.	
Nov 8 2009 	Top quality hotel right on Times Square	This is the perfect hotel if you want to be close to the action of Times Square but surrounded by the quality, peaceful luxury of a five star hideaway. Nothing was too much trouble for the concierge from locating hard to find seasoning at a local deli to sourcing a particular vodka a local bottle shop. Beds are huge and very comfortable and the ipod docking station is a great touch.	
Nov 5 2009 	SERVICE AT THIS HOTEL WAS THE GREATEST STUNNING ROOMS AND VIEW.	we stayed for 4 nights and 5 days, it is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. the hotel is very up beat, clean, comfortable and the rooms quiet. staff are very willing to do what ever you ask. concierge got us reservations that we could not get on our own. we thouroughly enjoyed every momet at this hotel, it is just a great place to stay. we are seniors and still would not go anywhere else except the w hotel times square. this hotel really takes care of their guests and the bed was so very comfortable! staying at the w hotel made us feel a lot younger than our age, we loved every moment at this hotel.also the blue fin restaurant has an excellent reputation so they are a great match.	
Nov 4 2009 	Whenever Whatever as long as you have lotsa WDollars:)	We stayed in the Wonderful suite and it was wonderful and sweet. The hotel is trendy. Loved the decor. Comfy beds. The suite had a separate living room big enough to have 10 of your friends hang out comfortably. The staff was eager to help and not a bit stuffy or snooty. This hotel has a hoping bar. They also have an Acura MDX for guests to use. They tell you that it's is offered to guests in a first come first serve basis. We found out that it was first come first serve to the highest bidder FIRST. They do nickle and dime you in this hotel, but that is to be expected in hotels in NYC much less in the Time Square. It's unfair to rate this hotel poorly on the basis of that. When in NYC, expect to spend, spend spend. Another example is that my husband and I wanted to have our own fridge for water and soda, they charged us $50.00 for the baby fridge. I loved my stay here. But if you decide to stay at the W in Time Square, prepare to part with a lot of your W$$$.	
Nov 4 2009 	Brilliant hotel	Brilliant hotel. NO complaints at all. We had a fabulous room on the 51st floor. 4 of us staying in one room. We got extra towels and toiletries within 5 minutes of a telephone call to reception. We also got a wine cooler and extra glasses within 5 minutes of checking in.The two concierges who we dealt with were very good and the restaurants were unbeatable. Try Benjamins steakhouse for a great steak and great service. All door staff were extra helpful and even let us use the hotel car &amp; driver to take us to a concert.All in a all a good experience.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location decor. Poor service	We chose the hotel because of its great location and funky, cool decor. It was my girlfriends first time in New York so I wanted it to be special. Firstly this is a really cool hotel and the lobby area and overall ambience is fantastic. Unfortunately there were a few issues that left us having a less than fantastic experience. I paid extra to be upgraded to a &quot;cool corner&quot; room expecting to have 2 windows, I had also specifically asked for a view of Times Square which I was told by reception at check in I had. Instead we had a &quot;corner&quot; room on a lower floor and hence had 1 window and a view away from Times Square, this left us wondering what we were paying the extra money for? On complaining to reception we were told we couldn’t be moved for a day and since we were only there for the weekend we thought it wasn’t worth the hassle of moving. We were offered a bottle of wine to appease our pain which were happy to accept since we were heading out for dinner that evening and thought it would be nice to have a couple of glasses in our room. Unfortunately after 24hrs (yes hours) the wine had not arrived. On contacting reception I was told somebody would contact in room dining personally to ensure the wine was sent up within 30minutes... 2 hours later still no wine. I contacted in room dining and they knew nothing of the request so obviously once again reception had forgotten about our order. By this time I was feeling very angry, got changed and physically went down to reception to complain, they seemed pretty disinterested with the issue. Fortunately a girl named Kelly in in-room dining sent a bottle up + some extra's without even knowing what the original problem was. On the whole we loved the hotel and location, would stay here again but would make sure we asked for specific details about our room and location.	
Oct 26 2009 	Underwhelmed!	Lobby smelt like an indoor poolChewing gum on wash basin in roomPostage stamp sized towelsOnly 1 bathrobeNo room service between 1 &amp; 5pmNot cheap, but with so many great hotels in NYC why go here	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Great hotel. Beautiful rooms. We went to the Blue Fin restaurant for late night desert and the deserts were fabulous. Hotel lobby turns into a bar/lounge at nights. Ideal for a younger crowd.	
Oct 18 2009 	Glad I went back to the W Times Square!	I spent 4 nights at the W Times Square (6/10 - 10/10).I went back just for the view and the great beds, so I was hoping to be lucky again and get a corner room. However no corner rooms were available. I was first put in a room on the 30th floor with basically no interesting view, just the hotel across the street.I did put a request for a room change in, and the staff was most helpful and friendly to try and find a solution. I was then, after the 1st night, moved to the 48th floor, not in a corner room but nevertheless a room with a great view.So: staff = friendly and helpfulRooms: newly redecorated. I love the style, I'm a fan.I must say that in my first room (30th) there were some minor issues, the rooms look new but not 'finished', and my towel had a small hole in it, as did the sheets, nothing major for sure, and I wouldn't complain about it. But it's just not something I'd expect from a 4-star hotel.The room on the 48th floor was impeccable though.Location: perfect!!!!Concierge/doormen: very helpful and not 'snobby' at all :-)Safety: as a female travelling solo, no issues, safe location!I truly enjoyed my stay and will go back for a fourth time if I get the chance!Thank you guys,N, Belgium	
Oct 17 2009 	W TIMES SQUARE	Stunning hotel with &quot;Bliss&quot;ful bathrooms!!!! glamourus bar but shame about some of the views. Great Location.	
Oct 16 2009 	Perfect Place To Spot Tourists Who Want To Be Fashionistas	I know what I'm getting when I stay at a W hotel - - high design, very busy lounge/lobby, a good-looking client base and service that is more attractive than helpful - so the Times Square W meets my expectations. Don't get me wrong - I like this hotel, but maybe in the way I like Vegas. I can do it for 2-3 nights then I'm worn out. The rooms are small but decorated to feel much bigger. The baths are perfectly fine - but again - very small. Room service is to be avoided and the staff is friendly and pretty...just not that &quot;with-it&quot;. The bar becomes a scene at night and I must say the bartenders are actually quite good. If your in NY on business and need to stay in Times Square you should try the Marriott Marquis or the Westin Times Square. If you are simply in town for a big city weekend...the W Times Square will be perfect.	
Oct 14 2009 	beautiful and classy	def a very pretty and livable hotel; state of the art rooms; nice lobby; great location; lots of food nearby; public transportation and taxis accessible. we were here for our friends 40th birthday, had a wonderful time; no one bothers you unless you want to be bothered. i would highly recommend you staying here for leisure and business. very modern and up to date; very sheek	
Oct 14 2009 	excellant stay	Was worried after reading some of the previous reviews- especially about the staff. Was amazing helpful dorr staff and the check in went reasonably smoothly. We have booked a Spectacular room on floor 31 or above but we were checked in a Wonderful room. I queried this and it was changed straight away. We made our way to room 3208 and it was Spectacular. The room was a twin bedded and planty big enough for 2 friends - the view was amazing and we could have sat on the chaise all day watching it. We had room service for the evening meal and again it was amazing and we also ate in the Blue Fin on the last day and food was good again. The bathroom was a little see through when the lights were on but nothing that we could not deal with. We met a friend from Washington and she took us for cocktails in the Penninsula Bar at the top of the Penninsula Hotel which was great. Although the meal after at Johns in the East Village was amazing - a family run restaurant with amazing staff and other diners felt really comfortable and would reccommend to anyone - although take cash as they dont take cards. Shopping brill - weather great - all in all an amazing trip topped by a visit to Mamma Mia on Broadway. Also must not forget tomention Juniors for breakfast lunch cheesecake whatever 2 blocks up from the hotel next to the Lion King was amazing.	
Oct 14 2009 	City Break	Mu wife and I have the last years in october gone to NY to shop and have some time without our two lovely kids.This year we booked W at Times Square. We booked a &quot;Fantastic Suite&quot; @ 650 USD a night. The suite was actually a living room and a &quot;sleeping room&quot;. It was fitted with a wonderfull bath room with WC and as well as separate WC room connect to the ling room. This was a very good room.The hotel is ideally situated !As a european I am used to have a shaver outlet in the bathroom - However no european plug were here - I asked for one plug and got one for the price of USD 10,-. This is a high price for a service that you would consider included.Every morning a complimentary newspaper were delivered ! However internet access costs USD 16,95 each 24H. I think the hotel better save the paper and have free internet - Which becomes more and more common. The internet speed were slow 400K/400KBut the hotel is wonderful and so is the staff !	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonderful everything..	Stayed here last weekend with my wife, it was the first time since our son was born 4 years ago that we got to spend a weekend away on our own. In my wife's own words, &quot;You hit it out of the park.&quot; From check in to check out, the staff was unbelievable and anytime we needed anything the staff was at our door within seconds. As far as the room is concerned, I agree with the other reviewers that it's more suited to romantic partners than family. We stayed in a spectacular room on the 54th floor overlooking Times Square. You could see Central Park in the distance and the Hudson off to the West. The room was very clean, no issues at all there, very sexy, the frosted walls surrounding the bathroom were very cool (and a big reason why it's not such a great place for families) and there was an immense smoky mirror on the wall above the headboard. Lighting was also very cool and so was the furniture. The waterfall sink in the bath was really neat (hard to pour water in the iron but the rain shower has a stream setting), and the shower was more than roomy enough for two with cool blue lighting. When we entered our room they had covered the bed and entrance with rose petals (as per my request), but they had forgotten the 6 chocolate strawberries I had requested. When I called down not only did they have them up in 10 minutes, but they removed the charges for both the petals and the strawberries from my account. When we noticed there was only one bathrobe they had someone up in 5 minutes with another one. My wife needed a dress pressed prior to us heading out to 21 for dinner, and even though she was past the deadline for having a garment pressed and returned same day, they whisked it away and it was waiting for us in the closet when we got back from a few hours of strolling around CP. The Bar downstairs is also very neat, and hopping at night, wish we would have gone there instead of wasting $40 on two drinks at Gilt. The room service was DELISH. I cannot recommend this place enough, yeah, it's in Times Square, but it's centrally located and you can walk to most places. My only complaint is that they need to invest in some new shades..I like it when I can kill the amount of light that comes into my room, and although it wasn't horrible, I've stayed at Hamptons that have better shades than the W.Great hotel, very sexy, wonderful service.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fun trendy hotel	My spouse and I stayed 3 nights at the W Times Square in August. The hotel location is great and the views are amazing. We are old for this hotel (50 somethings) but really enjoyed the vibe of the hotel-made us feel young again! Service was great and the rooms were on the small side small but comfortable and ultra modern. This is the second W hotel that we have stayed in (the other one was in Scottsdale) and we would definitely stay in another one again.	
Oct 9 2009 	The location was in the center of excitement and non-stop people watching!	We loved the fact that the hotel was centrally located and it was a perfectly quick and short walk to the Good Morning America studio, which was perfect for us since we had tickets to the show during our stay. We were upgraded to a slightly larger room upon our arrival, due to our anniversary celebration, which was a nice touch. The hotel's amenities were average, but nice. The bar beverages were a tad over-priced, but what isn't in that area? We took full advantage of the hotel's concierge staff, as we had lots of questions and places to go. The staff was very knowledgeable and not always friendly, but helpful. We liked the fact that they issued umbrellas to their guest upon exiting the hotel during rainy days. We ate in the hotel restaurant a few times for breakfast and lunch. We were particularly impressed, especially since I became ill after eating a late nite dinner most likely due to cross contamination. Overall the stay was pleasant, but the hotel is a bit over-rated.	
Oct 9 2009 	A Positive Experience for the Frequent Traveler	I have been travelling from LA to NYC since January, and I’ve stayed in ten different hotels in Midtown (mostly Starwood and Marriott properties). There was a time when I had been moving from hotel to hotel after two or three stays because bad experiences that would eventually sour my interest in continuing my stays there. I had also been avoiding Times Square at all costs, but back in early April, I booked a room at the W-Times Square after some last minute travel plans left me no choice. Lucky for me, because I have returned to this hotel for my business travel ever since that first stay seven months ago.No hotel staff has been consistently friendlier or more accommodating than the folks at the W-Times Square. I’m not sure how they manage to be so resilient with so much heavy traffic in and out of Blue Fin, high tourist volume, and my own brief glimpses into the frequent guest demands, but this team’s got it in spades. In my experience, the door men are attentive and pleasant when hailing you a cab, or helping you out of one (thanks, Eric!). The front desk staff are pleasant and welcoming at check-in, and will go the extra step to explore options to best meet your preferences (thanks, Christopher, Ricardo and Pamela!). The staff who are on-hand to store, retrieve, or ‘deliver’ your luggage to your room are quick and friendly, and I keenly appreciate the attentive housekeeping (and turn-down) services. No one hovers for tips, and I’ve never experienced or seen a member of staff snubbing a solo or discrete guest in order to rush to the side of another guest who traveling with a mountain of designer luggage and is sporting predictably trendy gear. As a frequent traveler for business, efficiency, comfort and quiet are important to me. Many hotels in NYC are long overdue for refurbishment and they weren’t designed to accommodate the volume guests they have today (or their needs), so I really appreciate that the W-Times Square is fit for purpose. Small things add up, like the elevators being quick and functioning at all hours and the gym being equipped with plenty treadmills (and it is NOT located in the basement which is a huge plus). If I need something, the ‘whatever whenever’ line is answered promptly at any hour I call. I was also pleasantly surprised to discover that once beyond the bustling lobby, the hotel is quiet and work-friendly. The rooms have plenty of outlets in sensible places and enough flat ‘work’ space to spread out comfortably. When it’s time for a break, I enjoy having access to BBC America and an iPod docking station, and it also goes without saying that the beds in the Starwood properties are the best sleep in town when I’m ready to call it a night. I have spent many, many nights at the W-Times Square and I have only had positive experiences to report, which keep this weary traveler fiercely loyal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Spent five days in NYC over 4th of July weekend. My sons, ages 5 and 9 were super impressed with tthe W, as were the grown-ups. Absolutely no complaints! Staff was wonderful!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice room excellent views but no free Internet?	Funky lobby with interesting lighting. Pleasant staff. Good-sized room (for NYC) with outstanding views, large windows and a comfortable bed. Thin walls weren't exactly soundproof however. Exercise room could use a few more machines too. And what's up with paying $450/night and not having free Internet access (either wired or WiFi) ? Hmph.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful time at the W hotel Times Square!!	Located on the perfect spot, around the corner of Times Square, the W hotel at is just magnificent. We had a wonderful room (I believe one class higher than a standard room) and that was great! Young and enthousiastic people are running the place. It made our trip to New York even more unforgettable. Thé perfect place to stay in New York if you consider yourself hip and trendy, as the hotel is exactly that!Thanks W New York for a great experience!	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location friendly and helpful service but v small room	very helpful reception staff greeted us on arrival. The decor is modern, minimalist, very tasteful and relaxing. The location is fantastic on Times Sq as advertised. We stayed in a quad room but all rooms are the same size apart from suites so it was cramped. The rooms are supplied with excellent toiletries. All in all I'd stay there again but we'd go for 2 rooms which would make it pricy, and perhaps we'd get better value elsewhere.	
Oct 6 2009 	Loved the W	We stayed at the W Times Square before taking a cruise with NCL from the Manhattan Cruise Port.We spent 3 nights at the W and upgraded to a spectacular room. The view was well worth it. We loved this hotel and felt welcome from the time that we arrived.The hotel has a great entrance where you walk under the water feature to get to the elevators to take you to the 7th floor lobby. Check in was very smooth and when we got to our room we realised that we had not been given the room grade we had booked. This was not receptions fault but a clerical error from reservations. We called reception to double check and they advised to come straight down and they would correct it. When we got to reception the staff were very apologetic and the new key card was waiting for us.Our new room was lovely and exactly what we expected we would stay at this hotel any time. We heard no noise from Times Square and the room was very reaxing we loved the feel of the hotel.Whilst I certainly understand why somepeople dont like this hotel we loved it. If you like modern hotels with a young feel you'll love this hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Pricey but worth it. Everything attended to!	Fanstastic may be overused, but it is the best way to describe the W Hotel Times Square.Everything was attended to. Doormen at the street were friendly and helpful. Check-in was smooth. Given late check-out, upgraded to suite and treated like royalty - for no good reason other than I was a guest.Views are amazing, location outstanding for mid-town. If this is your first time in NYC, indulge and spend a few more dollars to make a lifetime memory!	
Oct 3 2009 	FANTABULOUS!!!!!!!!	Our Trip started from Buffalo NY as we are from Hamilton, ON it is cheaper and faster to fly from Buffalo....Great Flight from Jet BLUE only took an hour each way....landed at JFK 15 mins got our luggage and off to the private town car to WNewYork Times Square. We arrived at approx noon our room wasnt ready not a big deal took our cell # and stored out luggage and off to enjoy our adventure.As this was an Anniversary present from me to my Husband....I had asked for a bottle of sparkling wine (and the hotel gave us chocolate covered strawberries for free) in our room for when we arrived.....Jason you are terrific the Whatever/Whenever service The Hotel called us then we checked in was smooth. I really dont understand the neg reviews....I wasnt expecting an overly spacious room as I have read about how small rooms are in NYC but our room was nice and spacious. The elevators ran smoothly not an issue of waiting to get to our rooms. I like the idea of using the room card in the elevators as a security measure as the Lobby bar....(the Livingroom ) is open to the general public.Just everything from the cascading waterfall as you come into the hotel the elevators to the 7th floor (lobby) was fantastic....as our first time in NYC we had a FABULOUS time!!!The Staff went out of their way to be of help with any concern or question that we may have had.....so a BIG thankyou to all the staff from the Doormen to the bellhops to the front desk to our Maid.We will most definately be staying here again when we return to NYC and we WILL return too much to see and do when we only had 4 days in the Big Apple!!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent location - cool hotel	Fab hotel in the heart of times square. the views of the square from the rooms are amazing (as long as you don't suffer from vertigo!). Bliss products in the bathroom &amp; really comfortable beds.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great location Great hotel Great staff would recommend to anyone!	I make several trips to NYC each year and always stay at W Times Square. You can't beat the location for the theater, shopping or great dining. The rooms are newly updated, the beds are wonderful, and the view is spectacular. New York City has many options for hotels but I always recommend W Times Square to friends or business associates. The staff is always so attentive, from the bellmen at the street, to the front desk, to room service. When they say &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; they really mean it. If you are looking for a Great hotel with a Great location and a Great staff, look no further.	
Sep 30 2009 	Trendy and beautiful hotel in dynamic Times Square!"	The W Hotel Times Square is a fantastic hotel beginning with the striking cascading waterfall entranceway to the incredibly comfortable and wonderfully decorated yet functional rooms. Though set in the heart of Times Square where options for food and drink are plenty, the W Hotel offers the fantastic Living Room Bar and Blue Fin restaurant. The service and staff at the hotel are top notch. They are knowledgeable and truly aspire to create the best Whatever/Whenever service for those staying in the hotel. If you are looking for a hip hotel with staff prepared to cater to your needs all set in a prime Manhattan location, then this is the hotel for you.	
Sep 29 2009 	Home away from home	Some W Hotels seems a little exclusive or aloof...not Times Square.I have been coming to this property for the last 5 years and it has only gotten better!I have to attribute the improvement to a staff that has become even more attentive and helpful. If I happen to have my wife along for the trip, they will always make sure that extra amenities are available to make the trip even more special. I'm oftern lucky enough to get an upgrade to one of the new suites and that is quite a treat! From the bell staff down on the street to the reception desk to the W insiders behend the scenes...all of these PEOPLE make the hotel a little more like home! I have been fortunate to become acquainted with a couple of the W Insiders (Tee and Christopher) who make best in class service their highest priority!The hotel has recently undergone a refurbishment that left the rooms fresh and crisp and the once smallish workout area has been expanded to offer substantial more space. I'm oftern lucky enough to get an upgrade to one of the new suites and that is quite a treat!I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a first class experience on Times Square	
Sep 28 2009 	The W Times Square is what a W should be	Business travelers - even those very loyal to Starwood - know that W's can be a mixed experience. Some of the original W's are getting a little long in the tooth, and others mix four parts of attitude to one part of services and making a comfortable, welcoming experience a challenge rather then the norm. At the W Times Square, the &quot;attitude&quot; part is left out and the &quot;service&quot; part is left in. From the front door to the top floor, I consistently find a welcoming attitude and, when the occasion calls for it, quick help with a question or request. The views are great fun, as is Blue Fin for any meal - but make a reservation as this is a popular place (sometimes even for breakfast).	
Sep 27 2009 	Trendy...	The W is located in Time Square so the location is excellent. When we entered the &quot;Living Room&quot;, there was a wait to check in. There was never quite enough people at the front desk. (Same at check out.) The Living Room itself was very trendy and cool with the fresh flowers and contemporary/loft feel. We enjoyed drinks a few times in the bar. They are expensive and the waitresses were a bit snotty, but that is what you expect in NYC. The room itself was nice. The room wasn't dirty, but not as clean as I would expect i.e. a bit of dirt build-up in the corners. We had two free nights so the value for us was excellent. If I had to pay full price, I would have been a bit disappointed.	
Sep 26 2009 	The Best in the Square!!!	I have stayed in many hotels in Times Square over the past 5 years and 2 years ago I discovered W Times Square. From check-in to check-out my experiences have been nothing but good and on the ONE occasion I had to complain my issue was dealt with speedily and correctly. The staff are your typical new Yorkers and that's normally bad BUT they all have the 'W' way, Wonderful, Warm and Welcoming. The rooms are all well appointed and come with Bliss bathroom products, so no need to bring your own. There's a gym, a spa, an Apple mac in reception and a small shop. It's a really nice hotel in a great location, I've recommended it to 4 people (families too) and have never had any complaints, so give it a try.	
Sep 26 2009 	First visit to New York. Great Hotel	I really don't understand the complaints about this hotel. My wife and I enjoyed our stay in this hotel. Very good. Friendly staff. Clean rooms. We were in New York to celebrate my wifes 40th birthday. It was a huge success!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	My home away from home	I come to NY once a month for business, and always stay in this hotel. I have come to be very comfortable here over the past couple of years and always stay when I return to NYC. The only complaint I have ever had is the noise from the busy Times Square area can be loud at times, but the staff has always been willing to move my room when needed. They now email beforehand when I am coming to help make my stay even more comfortable with anything I may need. I would definetely recommend, especially since the remodel. It is cool, chic, and the staff is very friendly. Fun bar scene too!	
Sep 22 2009 	Exquisite	This upscale hotel was a refreshing getaway from the crowds of Times Square. The waterfall effect as you enter the property was a unique experience.As you entered the hotel, the hustle and bustle of the city was left behind. The staff was very courteous, friendly and fun. The view from my room was spectacular...full length glass on two sides! The room decor is contemporary yet comfortable. Loved the Bliss toiletries.	
Sep 22 2009 	Terrible Hotel Awful Service Dirty 	This has to be the worst hotel we've ever stayed in and we've stayed in some terrible ones before. We stayed there for 4 nights at the end of our honeymoon and it was a disaster from start to finish. We had booked a &quot;Spectacular Room&quot; but I assure you that it was anything but spectacular. The toilet had not been cleaned properly and every surface had dust and grime from the previous guests. They agreed to move us to a different room. As with the previous room the new room wasn't very clean. All the fixtures and fittings were also badly finished, and rather than feling classy and contemporary, the room felt very flatpack. There were sharp corners everywhere, wires and leads coming out of everything and gimmicky lamps that were difficult to turn on and off and did not light the room sufficiently. The hotel is marketed as being trendy and cool. It fails miserably in this respect.On arrival we were told that as it was our honeymoon, they would like to give us a bottle of champagne on the house much to our delight. However, it did not arrive. We enquired when the complimentary champagne would arrive but it still did not come. At this stage it became a matter of principle and after 6 embarrassing attempts over the 4 days we finally received a $5 bottle of sparkling wine when we returned to our room late on our last night there. A cheap bottle of sparkling wine in a hotel that charged us $24 for 2 vodkas and diet coke was a bit cheap.The staff were incompetent, ranging from the check in clerk to the door staff to the bar staff. The concierge was to his credit, at least appeared to be helpful despite the fact that he was unable to have a bottle of champagne delivered from the bar to our room in under 4 days.The straw to break the camels back came on departure when our luggage was being taken into storage for a few hours before we departed for the airport. Our ruck sacks and suitcases were simply left unattended in the lobby for 3 hours and not taken into storage as promised. Anybody could have taken all of our belongings.The hotel was staffed with people more concerned with acting cool and making you feel like you should be serving them than the other way around. It felt like the hotel was run by summer students rather than highly trained staff.In all, this was an absolutely terrible experience that I would not wish on any other human being on their holidays.	
Sep 22 2009 	this is the most welcoming hotel in NYC	Over the course of the last 20 years, I have stayed in hundreds of hotels, but this is by far the most fantastic staff in any hotel I have visited anywhere (including some of the fanciest in the world). If you ask for it, they will try to accommodate you in any way they can. They are gracious, thoughtful and industrious. While I am a Platinum member of the Starwood Hotels and get particularly great treatment, I have never known any other hotel that bakes me chocolate chip cookies on arrival, makes sure I have the right number of pillows, hangers, electric outlets, water and lightning (their rooms can normally be a little too dark for me). The rooms are always comfortable (I often get upgraded to a suite if available): great beds and pillows, nice Bliss products and all the electronic amenities you need (like ipod decks, dvd players and good wireless and wired connections). While Times Square might not be everyone's first choice of location, it is easy to get anywhere in NY quickly and is certainly the most convenient place for theater, many restaurants, Central Park, a variety of museums and all public transportation. The restaurant downstairs (Blue Fin) is very good and the bar scene on the Lobby Floor is very lively. While the Four Seasons might be somewhat fancier, and the Ganesvoort a little trendier, the W Times Square will ensure you have a reliably great experience with all the luxury and hipness you need.	
Sep 10 2009 	Not a 5 Diamond Hotel but met my basic needs	This is my first time at a W hotel. I love the look of the place and the staff seemed ok. I have heard the W was the new best luxuary hotel, but it did not win me over. I understand now that the W brand is considered an upscale hotel and is not luxuary. It just seemed to be missing the little things. I guess I am spoiled. No turndown service and it just felt like it was way understaffed. Not a bad hotel just not a top notch place. I don't think I will go back.	
Sep 9 2009 	Roll Down The Shades	The fresh flowers and water filled ceiling of the entrance are beautiful. The concierge wasn't too knowledgeable about public transportation. His recommendation was to take a taxi because he doesn't take the Subway. Okay, Whatever. Ah ha - that's why the sign above the desk says Whatever. The bed was clean and comfortable. The flat screen TV could have been larger IMO and there was no HBO ? and the buttons on the remote were not responsive. The glass walled bathroom is a neat idea but I can see this being a problem if staying with friends. Our room also faced the Marriott's rooms so we could see them and they could see us ! There is no complementary coffee or tea. There is a mini fridge and Bliss products. The faucet on the sink is like a joystick and takes careful swiveling to avoid a dripping tap. The towels are stacked on metal slats so they fall in between and onto the floor easily. The over sized shower head didn't produce a powerful spray no matter how you spun the controls. We picked this b/c it is right in Times Square and it's close to all the restaurants, subway and shopping / broadway. You will hear street noise even if you are on the higher floors so bring ear plugs if you want a completely quiet nights sleep.	
Sep 7 2009 	Loved to modern design. Great service.	Fun place to stay...close to Broadway theaters and Restaurant Row. Right beside TKTS sales in Times Sq. Rooms were small but more interesting than traditional decor. Concierge was a great help.	
Sep 1 2009 	FANTABULOUS	Loved the W!!! Won't stay anywhere else in NYC if traveling for pleasure. TKTS access is the best and makes the trip. We had an amazing room (although small be warned) on the 54th floor overlooking Times Square....what could be bad? The decor is amazing yet not overdone or cheesy. The hotel felt intimate because the staff is amazing and super helpful and upbeat even though it is a huge property and very big city. Can't wait to return!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel the new room design is GREAT!	I stay at Starwood hotels often, and have stayed at the W in Times Square often for business and pleasure. I was there for 9 days, and I have to say the service was incredible! The staff was so friendly and personable. The new room decor is very nice and very functional! I loved the little chaise lounge next to the corner window overlooking Times Square. The bed was so comfortable! I loved everything about the upgrades. I highly reccomend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 28 2009 	Amazing hotel great service loved the room.	Ask for room 4812. It's a corner room, overlooking Times Square. The room was spacious and the bathroom was roomy. Unlike the W on Lexington, I prefer this location. Concierge Michael was extremely efficient and gets and A+.The hotel is walking distance to all Broadway theaters and some pretty good restaurants. Blue Fin in the hotel is also superb.	
Aug 24 2009 	Beware of bathrooms!	We stayed here for 4 nights with our 2 teenage sons. We booked this room because we were promised a &quot;spectacular room with a spectacular view&quot;. The rooms were over $400 a night. We usually stay at the Marquis or Millinium but thought we would splurge. First thing we all noticed was the bathroom walls are made of glass so you can see right in. Crazy!! And our spectacular view was of the roof next door. We had to change rooms 3 times and the best view we ever had was of the Marquis. Apparently all of the rooms with the &quot;spectacular&quot; views are under renovation. We could not live with the bathroom situation so they came up and taped brown paper to the walls. Very unappealing but better than glass. And the internet was $17 a day for starwood members. Had better views at the Marquis and Millenium for much cheaper. Upside was the beds were comfortable and the room was large enough for the 4 of us. Great location and service.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great experience.. wish I could have used more of the hotel	The Hotel is certainly a different experience. Don't expect your bags to be taken to your room as they assume you prefer to take them yourself. From the moment you arrive you feel you have arrived to a night club with bouncer at the door and everything. The hotel has a very modern feel, the room was clean and with great decoration. Bathrooms were very clean. Although the description when booking said &quot;dramatic views&quot;, when we arrived it was a view of the Marriott. The only negative thing about the room was that one of the bed pillows had an chewing gum sticked to the side. (kind of gross).	
Aug 21 2009 	This place was GREAT	I recently traveled with my sister-in-law and our 2 daughters, 9 &amp; 12. This hotel was fantastic as far as location, size and staff! From the time we walked in the door we were impressed with the staff and the &quot;hipness&quot; of the hotel, the girls were very impressed with the lobby!! The doormen were fabulous, and greeted us with huge smiles when exiting and entering the hotel. The staff is what made this place so very special. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking, and I WILL stay here in the future.	
Aug 17 2009 	Trendy 	I stayed here as the first leg of my honeymoon with my wife. The hotel was recently updated and have reasonable size rooms for New York standards and is in the midst of Times Square and very close to all of the popular Broadway shows. The hotel is very trendy, staff were welcoming and the amenities were good. The hotel bustles with night life every day of the week. I would definitely stay here again next visit to New York, highly recommended for quality, service and location!	
Aug 12 2009 	NOT A TYPICAL w	I have stayed at several W hotels over the past several years. They are typically modern sleek, cool and clean. This location came up short. It seems liked a typical hotel that tried to convert to a W without a fulls cale restoration. My room even had a note saying &quot;we hope you enjoy the recently updated room&quot; - yet it wasn't updated It was an old dark hotel with newer paint and furnishings but it was clearly apparent that it was not a full scale restoration. The bathroon floor had old rusty bolts sticking up through the floor (presumably from the prior confirguation), the toilet was old (with paint splattered on the tank from the recent paint job).The room was slightly smaller than I am used too. A nice flat screen. Overall a decent hotel but not a typical W. The bar was just OK (no food). There is no restuarant except the Blue Fin on the ground floor - seven floors below the lobby.Overall an average NY hotel, I was disappointed given hwo much I typically like W's. Wired INternet $17 per day.	
Aug 11 2009 	W Times Square Is The Best!	I love this hotel. The location is perfect. The upgraded rooms are sublime. And I love, love, love the scent of the rooms. I stay here often and the staff always remembers me. Perfect!	
Aug 9 2009	W Time Square- What a Wonderful Weekend	I was initially skeptical to book a room here because I had heard that the rooms were extremely small; but I was pleasantly surprised! The room had more room than expected, with enough space to actually move around without walking into furniture(a rarity in NY). The room was one of the cleanest I have ever stayed in, the room attendant did a fantastic job! Whatever/Whenever Service was also very prompt, especially for a busy rainy summer weekend. The staff members encountered in the public areas were also friendly &amp; helpful.The location is right in the middle of the action, but also close enough to walk a few blocks to some of the best and most affordable eateries in the city(9th AVE). The ambiance of The W TS is really geared for younger hipsters, but you cans till enjoy your stay there without being part of that generation. I will go back!	
Aug 7 2009	W Hotel in New York Times Square	The W does not stand for Welcome. Worst experience with a Hotel I've ever had. Need not say much about the Hotel except AVOID it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Wife's Birthday Surprise!	The W Times Square is everything my wife and expected. We're a young trendy couple, and felt right at home! Anyone who complains about this hotel is simplyy nit picky because it couldn't be more perfect (modern, clean, great staff, location)!!! It is expensive, but you get what you pay for. Nothing is free here, including wi-fi...we paid $45 for 3 days of internet service.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Vibe	Stayed at the W in Times Square for 4 nights. The Staff were friendly except for one concierge, named Jason. I asked hows your day? and he replied &quot;tired&quot; with attitude. Then It seemed like it was a burden for him to help me out. But the other staff and concierges were all fine. This Place is steps from 2 metro station and Broadway Plays. 10 min train to SoHo, 15-20min train to Brooklyn, 10mins to Central Park. The area as you know is super touristy, but the hotel itself takes you away from the mayhem. The Bar has a very nice eclectic feel, the rooms are spacious with great views. We had a view of the Hudson. As with all W's, the toiletries are amazing. If you get a good rate.. this is definitely the place to stay in Times Square	
Jul 25 2009 	Good NY Hotel	I always stay here when in Manhattan. I like the location and the hotel is in general very nice. Two Subway stops are within a block. The rooms and public areas are trendy and contemporary. They have recently remodeled and the hotel is brighter on the inside. The value is just OK. Expect to pay premium rates at times. Get a room with no adjacent door, or you will suffer noise from the guests in the next room. Eat at the hotel Restaurant, Blue Fin. It will not disappoint. In-room internet is avail and expensive. No in room coffee.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Place to Stay and Enjoy Beauty of New York	Great Place to Stay in the center of Times Square...Very easy access to trains, broadway, plenty of great restaurant with walking distance. There is a friendly atmosphere and it is also clean and inviting to spend more hours at the hotel.Our stay was exceptional, everything ran smoothly and all the employees who we encountered at the W went out of their way to help if needed.	
Jul 23 2009 	OMG!!!!	I must say this pictures from the website had me anxious to go. when we arrived the staff were wonderful. I planned a special bday surprise and had limited time to do all the running around. I called the Whateer/Whenever desk and the lovely Crysis got me Wish to come true. They arranged and picked everything i requested and kept me informed and offered suggestions...I am still floating off of my experience there and can't wait to go back. This hotel decor will take you away and the staff are the best. Trust me.....go and see. They are a little expensive compared to some, but they offer so many deals and discounts and the stay is well worth every penny......Thanx	
Jul 12 2009 	Save Your Money!!!!	Unless you are dying to stay in Times Square look elsewhere. This W is ghetto compared to others I've stayed in. They longer have a spa which is sad because it was great little gem with excellent therapists. You can get much more for your money and better quality at other NY hotels.	
Jul 2 2009 	Another nice stay at the W Times Square	I have stayed at the W Times Square on several occasions before. I have to admit that the last time I stayed I was not completely satisfied and really felt that the rooms needed to finally be renovated. This time around the rooms are FINALLY renovated and I have to say I really like the new feel. IMHO they should have changed out the vanities in the bathroom but I still like the overall redo. Location is good if you are in town for sightseeing or shopping but not ideal if you are looking for something quite of course. Only service issue I had was with the bellman who still seemed to think he was a model only working there to chat and pick up the girls staying at or walking by the hotel. Aren't those guys supposed to help guests and actually take care of peoples luggage and hail cabs? Not the ones working when I was there. Other than that a great stay but I really wish management would hire some decent bellman because this has been an issue for quite some time.	
Jun 30 2009 	Anniversary	This hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. It was right off of Times Square. The bell men were awesome and had fun doing their jobs. It is on the pricey side but the price went down over $150 by the time I booked the room and the time we checked in. Everything you need or want is within walking distance. NY pizza is within walking distance no matter which way you go. This hotels has everything you need to have a great time in a great city. I am looking forward to going back.	
Jun 16 2009 	This Hotel Defines What "W" Hotel Really IS!	If you are looking for a quite time with your family or children. This is not the W for You.If you are looking for a fun atmosphere with updated rooms and chances to meet some hot (random) people while you are in town, this is the place to be.I love this W. I mean really, its NICE. This is how W hotel is suppose to be. Hip, Trendy, good night/bar scenes. Service is however hit or miss. Some people are VERY nice yet some are the typical W wannabe attitude (esp during afternoon shift, the welcome desk folks are pretty whatever).The hotel renovated last year so everything is still very new. I forgot the name of the designer but its to my liking. Oh yea, the welcome desk is like a nice bar feeling with the lights n all. Check out the concierge desk's tabletop glass too! It was designed by some MIT guy. Gonna check it out.They have W store in house too for those who likes W stuff. In house restaurant Bluefin is very popular restaurant in time square area and I think its reasonably priced for a place like this. There are also cheap pizza places located on 8th. Ave.The Room: Upgraded to Cool Corner room on 48th Floor. Able to see time square from my window! woo! Everything is brand new, the moment that you walk in, you'll realize this W is &quot;Not your typical type of hotel room&quot; type of room. Its very hip! I liked it from the moment that I walked into this room. Being in the corner I also get to see more of the time square from my room. Hooray!The Bathroom: Voyager Shower, means, you can see people's shadow while they are in the bathroom. This will be kinda annoying if you are travelling with your family. Not an issue if you are traveling w/ your lover or solo traveler like me. However, the soundproof for this hotel is bad, esp when I had a connecting room. Good thing is that my neighbor went to bed early.Gym (AKA Sweat): Very spacious with latest workout equipments. They have a shower too but they don't have any sauna or jacuzzi or pool on-site.Acura Service: Its there, but they didn't set up a table like other W's. Its first come, first served based. Great place for stay, first time visiting NYC (location, location to the subway, location to the time square). Must try to stay here once to experience the real W Hotel!	
Jun 15 2009 	W is for "Wonderful"	We were a little hesitant about making a reservation at this hotel because of some of the other reviews, but we were very pleasantly surprised. We had a wonderful time at the W Times Square . Our room was beautiful and it looked like it had just been renovated! The little chocolates that were left in the room everyday was a very nice touch, along with the note from the General Manager on our first day. We also noticed that we never hear the housekeeping staff, but the rooms are always clean.Everyone we came in contact with at the hotel were very accommodating and we felt like they genuinely cared about the quality of our stay.There was one staff member in particular who helped to make our stay extra memorable. Gil (I think one of the security staff?) was especially helpful and went out of his way to make our stay more special. We felt like VIPs in the hotel and also that we had a friend who would take care of us. We've stayed in many W's over the years now and the service in general is very good, but the service at this location was outstanding!We couldn't have asked for a more perfect stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Leave the chaos outside enter into an oasis.	Ok my husband had just given up his corporate apartment in Murray Hill so he booked the W at Times Square just for something different. I will also say that he is a road warrior and is top tier on most hotel chains. Times Square is the last place that I would choose to stay because it is just ground zero for tourists at all times of the day and night. I personally don't like walking outside to a sea of people. Murray Hill is more residential and worlds aways from this chaos so that is where I am coming from. As soon as we arrived at the W, we were greeted outside by very friendly staff. You enter and then go up the elevator to the reception area. In the same area is a bar with lounge music and lots of people. Ok so not really quiet, but honestly it was not annoying. Front desk people were great and were extremely helpful. Our room was a corner one and had a great view of Times Square below. Noise was very minimal. I loved the grey/taupe walls and the cool colors used to accent. room was quite striking and not jarring (in other words very easy on the eye). The bed was super comfortable with ample pillows.Very cool and comfy I wish I had a bed like this at home. I really could have just taken my favorite books and spent the entire time in bed reading.There was an Ipod doc/stereo for your Ipod. How great is that! Lots of room for laptops and other electronic devices. I was most impressed with the W's security as my room key somehow stopped working. The room was in my husband's name and so security went up with me. I must say that I was very impressed that they were careful to make sure I was who I said I was. The security man they sent up with me was extremely professional and courteous. He did his job! When we checked out I saw the same officer and he remembered me by name. I actually would stay here again, yes someone who did not want to stay in Times Square.By the way the rate we got here was much better than the W at Union Square. If you want something a little different but don't want to sacrifice comfort, give the W Hotel at Times Square a try. It was well worth it for us.	
May 29 2009	Amazing hotel blighted by a receptionist.	Having a mindset of never dwell on a problem, I would never usually complain. However, on this occasion I think I might issue a warning. After a full day and half a night of travelling to get to NY, bartering with a receptionist was near enough the last thing we wanted to do. How disappointing it was to arrive at the hotel at 10.30 in the evening (3.30 am London time) only to be told that our room, which my boyfriend paid extra for, had been ‘given away’ to an overflow customer who had originally booked another hotel. I’m not sure what warranted the priority of this other customer, apparently booking and paying for a room in advance does not ensure that you can actually stay in it. Instead we were told to stay in a downgraded room for the first night and that we would be moved to our proper room during the following day.However, this might have been an issue which I could have come to terms with if there was a degree of remorse shown by the receptionist and perhaps a refund of the difference, maybe even an upgraded room, sadly it was not to be. After suggesting that we were not particularly happy with these arrangements we were offered credit for the ‘Blue Fin’ restaurant. This we declined as we were not certain that we would eat there. Next he offered us a complimentary drink each at the bar. After bumping this up to 4 complimentary drinks, we settled. It’s just a shame we didn’t get the apology.Some might think me prude, but when it comes to bathrooms, I might be inclined to favour comfort over style or at least a goodly amount of both. When contentment in the bathroom is forsaken for a glass wall, I would suggest that the design was perhaps not as well thought out as it could have been. I can see how some might see it as ‘fun’ but mostly I found it off-putting. However, it is not this to discredit what otherwise was a good hotel. The doormen were friendly and attentive. They helped with our bags and called for a taxi for the return journey to the airport. The location and the view from our proper room was amazing. The bed was unbelievably comfortable and spacious and the room itself was clean and stylish.	
May 24 2009 	Teens will love this place	We were originally booked at another hotel, they offered to move us here for free. I let my birthday daughter (16) choose which hotel she wanted. After walking in the door with all of the water things in the ceiling and the modern decor, she and her friend opted for this hotel. It is truely beautiful. The front desk staff, especially Julian, were terrific, nice and helpful. When I asked for a coffee pot for my morning coffee, it was in my room when I returned with our bags (oh, they had a room ready for us-it was only 12)-free, like the other hotel I was booked at.Yes, the rooms are a little small, but the teenagers loved all the &quot;cool&quot; stuff that decorated the room, the huge flat screen tv (with HBO, HBO2), bathroom stuff, robe, throw blanket and extremely comfortable bed. Airconditioner worked great. A personal thing that I was uncomfortable with (with the teenagers in the room) was the bathroom glass wall. You could see the silhouette of whom ever was in the bathroom. If you have a small child, he will not be able to reach the sink, shower was great/hot.Security-I felt very safe-you need to use your room card to push any button to get above floor 7 (lobby). GYM-did not use, but took a look and am an exerciser-great modern equipment-lifting stuff and eliptical/treadmill kind of equipment. BAR/LIVINGROOM-saw many people hanging out, comfortably having a few-modern. FOOD-did not eat there as I could feed my whole family breakfast on the charge for just a yogurt and cereal. Went next door to get muffins and bananas at StarBucks.LOCATION-Remember this IS Times Square, if you want peace-go to the country (it is where we are from-no lights, people &amp; tons of stars in the sky). We were on the 31st floor and had a side view of times square, on this Memorial Day weekend Saturday night it was loud but when the airconditioner was on, we could not hear anything and we were so tired nothing could stop us from sleeping. The morning noise was not a problem at all. We walked to and from Penn Station, Gershwin Theater, and Build A Bear. As a mom with two pretty teenagers in the &quot;big city&quot; I felt very comfortable and safe walking all around. I have been here a few times before, just take precautions as you would anywhere. I googled maps to help with locations and directions and managed just fine.	
May 23 2009 	Brighter lighting in rooms please.	Just back from a stay at the W Times Square, loved the floral scents, the hip decor, the fun cocktails in the Living Room, the wonderful toiletries, the location. All in all, nearly perfect for our business meeting, especially when it came to relaxing after the meeting! Only one suggestion, more lights in the room, please. It is nearly impossible to get any work done with the dim lights provided. I had to raise the shades, just to read the hotel guide in the room. Business travelers who want to look at documents in their rooms should consider bringing along their own lights.	
May 18 2009 	Bouncers on the door!!!	I was on a short break with my girlfriend. The hotel is in an amazing location although it took some careful dance moves to get from the taxi to the hotel entrance with our baggage. You then had to negotiate your way past the bouncers on the door, through the disco and the beautiful people and finally you made it to reception. Very nice staff who happily upgraded us from a Marvelous room to a Fantastic room. Apparently they are identical although one was on the 12th floor and one was on the 51st floor. The room was ultra modern and in my view the designers have tried too hard. Too large cases and no storage space at all. One small drawer and several fake drawers which were sealed shut. I did complain but apparently all the rooms are like this! Great design with no thought as to the eventual user. We had to complain about the cleanliness on more than one occasion however the staff were quick to help out and send someone up to sort the problems. Very noisy location and with the window open, well what would you expect for Time Square! First trip to New York and absolutely loved the place. Less enamored with the hotel though. After a busy day sight seeing etc, I needed a little tranquility on my return to the hotel and the W didn't offer this. Not a complaint, simply an observation.	
May 14 2009 	Style over Substance - with great location.	I stayed with my heavily pregnant wife at the end of April. We booked with Amex so we got upgrade on arrival, stay 3 nights get 1 free, free breakfast,early check in, 4pm check out, a $85 credit for the blue fin restaurant/bar and a limo from JFK.When we got to hotel there were no door staff to help with bags or point us in right direction. We quickly found check in on the 7th floor. This was smooth and he told us how to get to our room on the 52nd floor. The room looked very good, great view but had absolutely no practicality. The size of the room was fine, but the wardrobe was tiny and there was just no draws to put anything. There was plenty of space where storage could have gone, but the room was too trendy for its own good. We phoned down to say we were not happy and very quickly the service manager arrived. She admitted that although the rooms had just been renovated, it had not been done particularly well and most people do complain about lack of storage. She said most rooms would be like this but she would upgrade us to a suite if we liked. We did.We had to go back to reception and get new rooms keys. When we found our new room the service manger arrived with a bag of gifts and a hand written note congratulating us on our future arrival. A nice touch.The suite was great, very large, 2 big wardrobes and 1.5 bathrooms. The main bathroom was tiny though. The living area toilet was big but had no where to hang a towel. Overall a good room but needed more lights. Far to dark at night time. In summing up the rooms they look great but they are not designed for someone to use them.The free breakfast had to be taken in the room and on the sixth day was starting to get boring.I used the gym most days and although it is small it has very modern equipment and was always quiet.Because we stayed 6 nights we had 2 $85 credits at the blue fin. We used one for a set menu meal which was very good and the other for Friday night cocktails which was better.I did have to remind them of the free nights on check out, but the staff as usual were very good. I did also take advantage of the free Internet in the lobby, no need to pay for it in your room, if you are just checking emails and i also had quite a few of the welcome drinks.I would recommend this hotel, but pack light and you don't really come to New York to stay in your room do you?	
May 10 2009 	Good with minor issues	If you after being in th eheart on Time Square, you cant go wrong with the W. Rooms are very well refurbished and chic. Very hip. Service was excellent overall, though a few pointers about the room....1) ensure you get a corner room ( better views and more airy) 2/ bathroom is tight 3) Walls extremely thin ( could hear our neighbors having a fight!!). Otherwise couldnt really fault hotel and staff	
May 8 2009 	OK- BUT NOT A FULL PRICE	FYI- These rooms are small! Four women sharing one room, was no problem when we stayed at The W Union Square, but here we were cramped! There is no way those are double beds. One false room and someone would have fallen out. Also, our room got really hot and they suggested we open the window instead of them fixing the freaking air conditioning... So we really had a chance to experience the sounds of NYC.I have to admit the staff were great! We arrived to all of our shows in style because the doorman had a nice Cadillac Escalade take us to our show...for FREE! We just made sure to tip him handsomely.Finally, were able to eat at the Bodega next door really cheap. We had breakfast there everyday for less than $5.	
May 7 2009 	Comfortable rooms friendly staff and great food.	I stayed at the W Times Square for several months a few years back and always liked the hotel. I stayed there again this weekend and the experience was noticeably improved (again from a already high standard). The staff was very friendly and helpful (biggest improvement from prior stays), the food (dinner and breakfast at Blue Fin) was outstanding and the room was comfortable and well designed.	
Apr 27 2009 	Hotel designed like a club!	Location Location Location. Heart of Times Square. Walking distance to everything- to Broadway, Hell's Kitchen, MOMA to Central Park. The hotel is designed like a club- a fabulous bar with great martinis! This is a great business hotel. Each floor is in a different theme colour, and the rooftop is a great place for a typical new york party. Slightly overpriced, but if you want location- this is it.	
Apr 22 2009 	Cool and Trendy	We stayed one night in W Times Square for a family birthday and Broadway show with my two children and parents. This hotel is very cool and trendy with a fun entrance and check in area/lobby. When we tried to check in several hours before check in time, one of our rooms was ready. However, when we got to the room, my parents weren't happy with the location next to the elevator. When I went downstairs to the desk to ask for another room, the receptionist not only politely moved us but made the effort to find us connecting rooms and actually upgraded us to a corner room with no extra charge. My parents were thrilled with their corner room and we all loved the newly redone and trendy details in both rooms.Later in the evening we spent some time at the extremely cool bar in the hotel which was fun and the next morning ate a delicious breakfast at the restaurant downstairs.Valet parking was convenient and fast.Location is smack in the middle of Times Square and while this is convenient and fun it is also extremely noisy (even on the 48th floor) so keep this in mind. This city really doesn't sleep, people!	
Apr 20 2009 	Simply Amazing best choice we could have made!	My daughter and I took a long awaited, very special trip to New York and were recommended The W at Times Square. Well, it was everything, and more, that we expected. She, 16, and myself wanted to stay at a trendy New York Hotel, in Times Square where we would be central. It was simply amazing! The service was impeccable, friendly and outgoing staff, and the music to die for! I wish I had bought all their CD's! The beds were extremely comfortable, the view of Times Square was delightful! The only complaint we had was the lack of lighting in the room, however, they were keen on supplying an additional lamp which made the difference. The restaurant had the best breakfast as well! What a great experience! Highly, highly recommend this hotel! Enjoy!	
Apr 20 2009 	Best Hotel experience we have ever had.	Stayed here for our Honeymoon and was blown away by the service. Payed for a regular room and was upgraded to a high floor with a corner view for free. We let them know it was our honeymoon and they spread rose peddles on the floor/bed the first day, the second day there was a dozen roses and free champagne in the room. Anytime we asked for anything they went out of there way to help us. Loved the entry way to the hotel and living room(bar). The location is great as long you want to stay in Times Square, you walk out your door and you are right in the middle of everything We have stayed in other W's but this was our favorite and best overall experience with any of their hotels. Can't recommend this hotel enough. Anytime we visit NYC this is where we will be staying.	
Apr 15 2009 	Horrendous service (nice location)	This was a special birthday weekend trip to NYC. A special room (glass corner room) was chosen and paid for- a ton of money was spent! We got there and the room wasnt ready- ok fine- however when we asked to leave our bags with them as we had a show to catch- what a mess. We sat with several other guests all waiting for the &quot;bag guy&quot; when we approached the front desk again to say we are running late- &quot;no you must wait&quot;after more time went by we approached again- hoping to sit at the bar and wait &quot; no you must wait by your bags&quot;What? what is this airport security?? what a joke- the front desk should have just given us some damn tags and let us go on our way!!!When we came back hours later- were the bags in our room? No. We had to call for them.When the bell boy showed did he show us around our room? No. Several hours later we accidentally discovered the fridge, a hidden shelf panel and the rest (?) of the amenities we were paying top dollar for. And very funny- there was a housekeeping cart outside of our room all afternoon and all night long!! We could have been at the Howard Johnsons for what we experienced and saw.	
Apr 12 2009	one of the best hotels i have ever stayed at	i am pretty young and love staying at the new and hip W hotels. The bell hop staff in the front is helpful from the moment you step out of the taxi. the rooms are pretty high up (i was on the 42nd floor!!) and have a great view of times square! the room was nice and so was the bathroom. the bathrooms are filled with bliss products (a hip new york spa with quite pricey lotions, shampoos etc). the windows and walls did a great job at blocking out the loud noises of new york at night. i would live there if i could!! one of the best hotels i have ever been to! [:	
Apr 10 2009 	Not what you would expect...	After a short stint in a budget hotel, we decided to splurge for three nights in a suite at the W. The room was beautiful and the views were great. Unfortunately, we had a terrible stay to say the least. The service was so bad; I could not believe we were paying for it. The front desk staff was great, but the room service attendant and the restaurant staff were the rudest people we had ever encountered. It’s like… Do they know they work in hospitality?!!! I could not believe it when our food came cold from Room Service and the server is arguing with us telling us it wasn’t. We go to the restaurant and the service was slow and the server was very short with us. I wanted my money back! We got home and could not understand how we could have gotten better service at an economy hotel than at the W. I wouldn’t pay top dollar for that place, ever!	
Apr 9 2009 	Living Room Experience	The W Hotel experience was absolutely exceptional; however their external partners such as the Living Room were not as exceptional. We were humiliated and accused by a server of ‘stealing’ her cell phone, when I and my partner are paying $400 per night. We are offended to say the least! The value of the phone is not the issue but the rather the nonresponsive attitude of the Manager of the Living Room, Lindsey. Although she made us feel like everything was fine and she understood that the phone was near us and we simply surprisingly handed it over to the server, we were asked to leave like criminals at the server’s request. We have never in our lives been so humiliated as tonight. We came to NYC to celebrate my boyfriend’s birthday and I was so sadden by the situation that I was ready to check out and leave the hotel immediately, however, Vitaly Panov, Hotel Manager, listened to our side of the story. He was kind enough to explain that the hotel has no control of the concessions such as the Living Room, owned by Randy Gerber. As SPG members, we know Starwood very well and they are very lucky to have Vitaly on board. I hope in the future, the hotel has some control of these concessions so that guests are treated with respect and are not subject to the mistreatment, humiliation and arrogance of the Living Room. Please note that the only reason why we will stay for the remainder of our stay in NYC with the W is due to Vitaly Panov.	
Apr 6 2009 	Best Hotel I have stayed at in USA	After running screaming into the night from Edison next door washed up on the shores of heavenly 'W' Hotel. After phone call from Travel Agent in Australia to Kiwi Night Manager we were given good rate for 4 nights and then upgraded to a room on 47th floor overlooking Time Square. Staff could not have been more friendly or helpful.By accidint when leaving around 04.30 one morning for day trip to Niagara falls we left 'do not disturb' sign on door (our fault) on return that night room wasn't made up as one would expect. Rang room service who came straight up and cleaned the room.	
Mar 31 2009 	For Location Excellent	This is now my 3rd stay @ W Times Square and apart for the renovated rooms pretty much everything remains the same. Okay so the rooms may not be kitted out the best, poor lighting, not enough wardrobe space or hooks in the bathrooms &amp; still no coffee/tea making facilities in the room.The bed is still the best I have ever slept in, even better than my own. The noise from Times Square on the 45th floor is nothing to lose sleep over. The location is excellent, central for most attractions and tourist sightseeing, The staff are friendly &amp; helpful, The bar is still hip &amp; makes a great place for cocktails. Stay here if you want a Times Square loction and be in the centre of the action. Don't stay here if you are on a Business Trip ? need to work in you room.	
Mar 31 2009 	Right in the Middle of Times Square Expectations Met	If you are planning a trip to NYC, have some money to spend and want to stay in the Mecca of all tourist zones... the W Times Square is for you. This is a great hotel and has everything you'd expect in a W, although scaled down to a &quot;Manhattan Size&quot;. You're not going to find huge rooms here (outside of the suites) but if you are in NYC and spending a lot of time in your hotel, you're not optimizing your trip.The fitness center is adequate and the staff and service is standard. This is not a &quot;blow you away in awe&quot; W like some of that brand can be, but compared to other Times Square options, this is definitely the hippest and trendiest chain I've stayed at. They're is nothing wrong with this place, however if you need peace and quiet, you might want to look elsewhere... there's always something going on if not in the hotel, then on the street.	
Mar 29 2009 	Simply lovely...	I was in town for a conference and this hotel was picked by a colleague for its location and fair price. I was thrilled---always loving the W brand, this hotel did not disappoint. First walking in, the floral scent is lovely and inviting. I love the modern design, water features and fresh flowers everywhere... The reception area and bar have a cool, modern edge. The staff were very friendly and helpful (storing luggage and help at concierge--aka &quot;whatever&quot; desk).Our room was a good size for NYC (2 beds and it fit luggage!). It was modern and clean. Bed and linens were top rate. The bathroom was complete with tub, shower and fantastic Bliss products.Location is great for the tourist and Jatvis conference attendee. Yes, there is some traffic/siren noise, but common anywhere in NYC. Overall, I highly recommend!	
Mar 27 2009 	great hotel wish i was there now	we travelled to the w with our two teenage sons for our sons 19th birthday First impressions the elevator area with waterfall was great.The checkin very fast and we were quickly in our 31st floor room great room, nice size ,comfy beds and very clean.The lobby bar is lovely candles everywhere and lovely smelling lillies,gets very busy and is a little exspensive.The hotel is situated ight on times square couldnt be better. All the staff were very helpful.We visited all the usual places empire state,central park ,greyline tour ,hms intrepid thats great but make sure you allow at least half a day.we also saw the nicks lakers game at madison square gardens the lads loved this.We used the theme resterants planet hollwood,hard rock cafe and espn zone thats great with kids.If your travelling to newyork a must is the purchase of a newyork city pass it saved us a fortune. When we return to newyork well definately stay at w i would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 20 2009 	Trendy modern and comfortable but dark and cave-like	If you are looking for a hip and trendy boutique-style hotel filled with trendy people smack dab in the middle of Times Square, then look no further. My room was comfortable and clean with a great bed. Times Square is a very noisy place to sleep, however, if you are not used to that level of noise (even on the 39th floor), and the flashing lights from the signs can be a bit much. This is probably a great hotel for a romantic or sightseeing trip, but don't expect to do any serious work in your room, as the lighting is strictly mood-oriented, and not made for working. I could also hear more details than I cared to from my next door neighbor's telephone conversation.	
Mar 19 2009 	Overdesigned and too cool staff	Don't get me wrong - I like W Hotels and stay there quite frequently (Hong Kong, Seoul, Montreal etc.) but the W Times Square in New York has been one of those experiences you don't want to repeat.The first room we got has been so small that 2 persons couldn't unpack the suitecases, store the clothes, have breakfast... Further the bathroom has been so much overdesigned that they forgot to fit enough lamps. For my wife it has been impossible to do make-up, for me shaving has been a problem. So, since I've got a Platinum SPG card, I called and complained. The y promissed a bigger Suite for the next day, okay, fine. When returning from restaurant we saw that they forgot the &quot;turn-down-service&quot; (which you can expect at approx. US$ 400/night). We've been informed that the W isn't star rated and therefore we can't expect 5 star service. &quot;Turn-down&quot; they perform only on special request and automatically when you're Platinum SPG member (which I am - but still they forgot). The next day we were moved to a nice Suite. But again, the thing has been so much overdesigned that they forgot the light switches. So for switching on/off the light you have to go to each and every lamp to switch it on/off... And again, the light in the bathroom has been too little, everything too dark!Breakfast (in-room) has been included in our package, that's maybe why the croissants always had been from the previous day... But the juice (freshly squeezed) has been perfect!Another positive feature of the W is free-WiFi at the bar/lounge (which is quite crowded and noisy) - but who cares, it's free - while in the room you have to pay.The problem started the last (3rd) day. Again they forgot &quot;turn-down-service&quot; and in the morning they even didn't bring new shampoo... So I called and the lady insisted that they performed turn-down-service, that she had been present in person, that they exchanged towels and put chocolate. I informed her that neither there're fresh towels or shampoo nor chocolate. But she insisted. Anyway, after a while, she told me that we'll get shampoo in a moment. So I waited 15 minutes before I called again. She said &quot;immediately&quot; and I waited another 10 minutes, sitting on the sofa at the entrance door. Then I called again and she informed me that the person had been there, knocked - but I didn't open. I told her that I'm sitting by the door, no TV, no radio, no iPod, no drugs, asked her if she has a wrong room number. She confirmed the right number and told me she'll call back. 5 minutes later she called and told me that the shampoo is now standing in front of the door. I opened - and guess what - no shampoo. 5 minutes later really somebody came, knocked and gave me a shampoo... More than 30 minutes waiting, wasting, for shampoo!I think the problem is that at the W Times Square the staff wants to be sooo cool, too cool to perform service. Nothing is really serious -and that's a problem for business travelers.W at Court is fine, W Times Square a nightmare!	
Mar 13 2009 	Couldn't get any better	As we arrived at the W Times Square Hotel we were greeted by an over head waterfall, which was stunning. You have to go in the lift to take you upto the reception area. When we arrived it was abount 7pm on a friday night and the reception/bar area was buzzing with people. The decor was very modern but cozy aswell. The staff at the reception were very friendly and helpful.As we got out of the lift to go to our room the corridors were decorated in gold, which loooked very luxurious.As we entered the room were very pleased at the size of the room (compared to the W on Lexington avenue), we had a very large window with a chaise lounge next to it were we took advantage of the spectacular view of times square and the hudson river. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was to a very high standard also.You could not have asked for a better location, we were right next to the tkts booth and everything else times square had to offer.When i go back to New York i wouldn't even think of staying anywhere else.	
Mar 6 2009 	Style but a bit more substance needed	Yup, it looks great.(Very) Comfy bed, clean, clean, clean. Love the toiletries. Great (24 hour for those with jetlag early wakening) gym.2 minutes to Times Square subway and a panoply of subway lines to the rest of Manhattan. Handy indeed.And very close to the E line at 50th St straight out to the JFK airtrain if you want to avoid that big cab fare to the airport or touring umpteen hotels to pick up fellow passengers.That costs, and the costs are about average for the size of room we had in Times Square. You want cheap? You'll be walking a lot further.So, a great looking hotel in a brilliant location.BUTIf you want a bath (not just a shower) make sure you ask for a room with one when you book (and online booking may not tell you). After a long day in the snow and minus 5 a shower doesn't always do the job.And you'll be living out of your suitcase. One clothes drawer and one shelf in the cupboard. We travel pretty light, but 2 people for 5 days with very variable weather means SOME luggage. And there's nowhere to put it.Ignore the &quot;table reserved&quot; signs in the lobby bar. They all are, and it's just to keep interlopers at bay. Don't expect rapid service in the bar either. Overall: a good hotel, which is a little up itself, but if you want facilities and location it ticks all those boxes. I stayed in the Times Square Hilton 2 years ago and the W is better on many fronts. If I were staying in Times Square again I'd use the W.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location Great vibe	Great hotel! Love the Vibe, love the location. The only drawback was the tiny little rooms. My wife and I stayed at all of the W in New York over the years but this one is a ittle cramped for my style. The bar and lobby bar is great place to hang out and have drinks, a great launching pad for the night! There's nothing like checking in, leaving your bags with the bell hop and getting a much needed drink post travel drink in the lobby as they bring your bags to your room. The club was a nive place to hang out at the end of the night as well. All in all, if you want to be in the thick of time square and don't mind with the bright lights, the traffic noise from your small room, this is the best place to stay in the area. If you want the ammenities of the W, much larger room and a much quieter stay, try the W Tuscany, or the W Court. They are side by side near Grand Central and worth the price!	
Feb 21 2009 	Wonderful and Hip - Will be back	We stayed for 2 nights on our way back to Australia. The W Hotel is in a great location fronting Times Square. The refurbished room was really nice and spacious for a New York hotel. All staff were friendly and helpful and dressed in funky uniform. The hotel is hip and cool, we loved the bar off the reception area - the ambience was hip, relaxing and comfortable. We will definitely be back when we next visit New York.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great Location and Staf	As other reviewers have mentioned this Hotel has a great location. The only issue was the bathroom which is funky and lacks privacy. This was an issue since our son ( age 22 ) was with us. The staff was great, I left my favorite pair of sandals and when we called after our cruise they sent them home to us. I was so happy.	
Jan 21 2009	Whatever Whenever says enough	What a perfect way to spend our anniversary. This was our second stay here and remember exactly why we returned and why would not stay anywhere else in NY ever. The hotel is first class in everyway. Very modern in every way. Awesome flat screen and a bed that will make you never want to get out. We were really taken care of. Any request I had they went about and beyond to accommodate it. The service was amazing. From the awesome guys outside in the cold, to the front desk and concierge who helped me with all the details of the city. Thank you W for making my wife and I's anniversary weekend perfect. See you soon. Mike Hamilton	
Jan 13 2009 	5 strikes and your are out!	Within 24 hours, five strikes against this property which in the future, I will certainly avoid and suggest you do the same. For the hustle and bustle that is Times Square NY, the hotel property itself was very pleasant, clean, and modern. There were a few issues that I have yet to get over, even though three weeks have passed since our stay. W Hotel touts itself as a trendy, and dare I say sexy, contemporary resort. For me it was far from that. The purpose of my stay was a romantic pre-Christmas stay with my girlfriend prior to the family fun and chaos that Christmas brings. Upon arrival we checked in to the hotel and went to our room. The room was clean, trendy, and simple. We booked with our Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) points and paid an extra amount of points for an upgraded room. For an upgraded room, it was not worth the investment. (Not the first strike, but worth noting) We asked for a better view room to overlook Times Square which was available but they wanted $50 more for the night to move 4 rooms over. The hotel was rather empty and as a SPG who paid an upgrade points already, I would have hoped they would upgrade for no fee. Not the case so we declined. (Strike 1)After a hectic morning of travel, we just needed to take a rest before we hit the town and fell asleep immediately. Within 40 minutes or so of falling asleep, we were woken up by a loud knock on the door. Upon answering, we met a gentleman asking to change lighbulbs. Yes, woken up about an hour after checking in to change lightbulbs! For a hotel that claims to focus on comfort and the guest, this was not a good start. (Strike 2)We then went to the concierge for advice on broadway plays. Although polite and friendly he was not well informed. In fact, he mis-informed us about the showtimes for the play we wanted to see and we missed the deadline for the reduced price tickets and had to skip dinner to make the earlier showtime. A high end trendy hotel with a misinformed concierge? (Strike three)Then, after a wonderful night on the town, late into the evening, we had a wonderful nights sleep in a very comfortable bed. Then, it got worse. We were eager to sleep in and enjoy the serenity of the pleasant room and cozy bed, however, at about 8:30 am there was another knock on the door to wake us up (again). Half asleep I went to the door and found the staff member chose to wake us up and let us know there was a newspaper at the foot of the door. Waking guests up at 8:30am to tell you about a newspaper....Absurd! (Strike 4)The fifth and final strike was the worst. It was about 10am that same day. There was a brief knock at the door and then immediately the door flung wide open. This time, a staff member, who never waited for us to answer the door, rudely and ignorantly barged in the room and interrupted &quot;an intimate moment&quot; between me and my girlfriend. Extremely embarassing. We still have no idea why he just barged in the room. We remain shocked, embarassed, and angered by the experience. My girlfriend was extremely embarassed and ran to the bathroom crying. I did call the manager immediately and she was very polite and apologized. My SPG points were also refunded. Three weeks have passed and I am still disappointed in the stay, the staff, and the embarassing experience and this is why I chose to write this review. 5 strikes in one 24 hour period for a property of this caliber is simply unacceptable. This hotels claim of being trendy and sexy is true but the staff is poorly trained and inexperienced which can lead to missing a broadway play , scalping expensive tickets, missing dinner plans, and a crying girlfriend in the bathroom the day before Christmas. My recommendation is to consider the few other major hotels (i.e., Mariott or Double Tree) within a block of the W in Times Square and avoid this property until the staff can be suitably trained on guest relations.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent night stay	I stayed at the W Times Square for one night on December 17, 2008 and was very happy with the experience. Valet was easy at the entrance on 47th St. (It is $65 (large car/suv) per 24 hours no in/out).Check - in was very quick and we were upgraded to a suite with Times Square views. It had two bathrooms, a wet bar, pull out couch and separate king size bedroom. The mattress was very comfortable as was the room overall. It had dual climate control zones and two enormous LCD tvs. We called housekeeping twice for pillows, etc. and they were brought up in minutes. Our room was on the 20th floor and did not have any problem with road noise - honking cars, etc. So many other reviews mentioned this, but it was not an issue for us. Also, in the lobby there was not loud music playing and it actually had a calm vibe to it during the day. When we returned late that night there were definitely people at the lobby lounge/bar but it still seemed pretty low key. We had an excellent breakfast in the hotel restaurant. The pumpkin ginger pancakes and smoked salmon platter were both great. All of the hotel employees that we encountered were pleasant and helpful - from the valet attendant, to housekeeping, to check-in, to restaurant staff (especially at the restaurant - it was very busy when we came in for breakfast (it was filled primarily with what looked like local businessmen and a few hotel guests), but the restaurant manager (seeing we were hotel guests) was very attentive and made space for us after a few minutes wait)As we were leaving we did notice that they have something called the Acura Experience or something like that. It's hotel sponsored program that provides free rides around the city in an Acura SUV, I think. We definitely would have made use of this if we had known of it. Also, at check in the hotel receptionist knew the pull-out couch would be used, but this must not have been communicated to housekeeping because the pull-out was not set up at turn-down. We had to call for extra blankets and pillows. I know this is minor, but it's so nice when these things are remembered by staff and I'm pleasantly surprised. The rooms were pretty dim and the opaque wall/divider between the bathrooms was a little odd, but other than that I have no complaints. I would definitely return to this property and recommend it strongly.	
Jan 6 2009 	absolutely brilliant!!!!!!!!!	I Stayed here for six days over xmas. The staff are fantastic and are all very good looking. The entrance to the hotel is fantastic and the constant chill out music around the place makes you feel like you are staying in a very very trendy place. Every little thing has been thought of down to the best bar design in new york to the rooms with plasma tv and walk in showers and your own cd in your room with fantastic music on. There is also an ipod dock in your room. The rooms are billiant with a very comfortable bed and the best design of any hotel room i have ever seen as it has just been refurbished. all the staff are very friendly and polite and are never ever rude which amazes me as surely some people have an off day !! the huge guy on the door is hilarious and well worth speaking to as he is like a tour guide !! every thing in this hotel is by design. The staff and the way they look, the type of moisturisers in the room to the lightings in the lift everything thing has been thought off !!! it made my holiday this place and was fantastic!!!! the only down side is:1. the food in the blue fin is terrible and the place is dirty.. but you dont really eat there as you will know what i mnean when you arrive2. the millions and millions of people in times square and you get bombarded by people trying to sell you the bus tours outside the hotel about ten metres away so ofcourse every time you go back or go anywhere they ask you again and again !!!lastly the spice village restaurant in the meat packing district is fabulous !!! cool decor and really trendy asian fusion foodand the china grill betwen 5th and 6th but i cant remember what street its on in midtown is superb !!!!! Quality meats is also a good choice for stakes but all of these are very expensive so get ready !!!if you want to go clubbing avoid Mansion or marquee even if the concierge say go there as its rubbish !!! ugly , rude wannabees that have no class ask to go to Brother jimmys on the upper east side or a small boutique club. But you may never leave the hotel bar as it is very very cool, and the hotel across the road is lovely there hotel bar there think its called stage or set!!!enjoy !!!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Awesome!	My wife and I had a great time in New York and the W Hotel was perfect in every way. The room while not spacious was clean, cool gadgets, priced right and a perfect location. The Blue Fin (part of the Hotel) was also great for people watching and a great selection of food. My only complaint maybe a recommendation for a restaurant by the concierge. They recommended a steak house called STK, it was awful! The service was well below par for a restaurant like this and the food was mediocre. However, one restaurant that you might want to try is West Broadway. It’s a relatively new restaurant and is geared to organic foods. The service is fantastic, food phenomenal and reasonably priced. For breakfast try the Blue Fin or Stardust diner just up Broadway from the W.Overall I would say our stay at the W was perfect.	
Jan 1 2009 	Trendy hip hotel	My wife and I took our mothers to NYC for Christmas and stayed at the W Times Square. The hotel is very trendy and hip and I can say all the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel is a little dark but not so bad you cant see anything. The rooms were good size for NYC, clean and comfortable. The only complaints really were that there is only one drawer in the whole room to store your belongings. There are some open shelves to sit stuff on but sometimes you like your stuff out of sight. The second complaint is the bathroom and lack of privacy. The bathroom is basically a frosted glass enclosure and while you cant exactly see through it you can hear everything through it and it is definitely not exactly private. For married or longtime couples its no big deal but for some it could be uncomfortable with the lack of privacy. Overall it was a great stay and alot of fun, the rooms are clean, modern, great beds and tv's. Oh and the minibar can get expensive so read the details of all the charges before you indulge.	
Dec 29 2008	Enjoyed our stay	Me, my wife and our two boys stayed at the W right before Christmas and really enjoyed it. Yes it's dark and everything is very modern but that is the theme of the hotel. If you are looking for warm and elegant stay somewhere else. I did not find anything confusing about staying here. If you don't know where something is, ask or read the guide in your room, duh! Twice, I called the whatever/whenever line and got a response right away!If you are expecting perfection when you stay at a hotel, you will always be disappointed.	
Dec 28 2008 	W Hotel Times Square Unaccomadating and Overpriced	My husband and I take a vacation to NYC every Christmas as a romantic getaway. We have always been very fond of Starwood Hotels so we decided to try the &quot;hip and well designed&quot; W Hotel in Times Square. While checking in the staff seemed very attentive but this quickly changed after we got into our room. The room looked like an IKEA showroom with very cheaply made furniture and decor. Most items in the room looked worn and with chips in the glass tables and the toilet paper holder practically falling off the wall. When I attempted to use the restroom we found that the glass sliding door was not attached to the wall in the correct way so we had to have maintenance sent to correct the problem. Then my husband and I attempted to get ready for the night and while blow drying my hair the entire room lost electricity. We immediately called down to have this taken care of and had no electricity or response to our situation for at least 25min. The hotel was also very loud and we found it hard to get a good nights rest while there. It also seemed that the hotel was extremely understaffed for the busiest time of year. There was only one concierge and two bell hops for the entire hotel. Every time we tried to used their &quot;great customer&quot; service ,in which they boast with a catchy marketing phrase &quot;whatever, whenever&quot;, we sat in lines. The hotel is extremely overpriced for what you get. There are many other nicer hotels to chose from in New York. My husband and I would not stay here again. Our stay in the W Times Square actually put stress into our vacation which was supposed to be a Romantic Getaway.	
Dec 28 2008 	Not eventful	I had a choice to stay at any hotel near Times Square. I have stayed at the Westin before so I decided to try the W and stayed 3 nights. The W is more for the young professionals not families or seniors. It takes 2 elevator rides to get to your suite.The room I had was modern looking but the windows were really dirty. I understand that window cleaning is not something done frequently but for the room prices they charge, the Hotel should consider cleaning it weekly. It does contribute to the whole stay experience.It also seems that there isn't a lot of staff working. There is only one person at the front desk and I only saw one maid. There is no staff just standing there to offer any assistance. You have to figure out which elevators go which floors or which services are offered [I still do not know if there is a business centre at the hotel].The bed was excellent and the toiletries were the best. The one thing that seems lacking is a coffee maker in the room. I am not sure why other Starwood brand hotels has it and not the W.I didn't get that feeling that it was something special staying at the W.	
Dec 20 2008 	great beds	The &quot;W&quot; Hotel is great ,after reading alot of negatives about this hotel,The beds are great,the service is wonderful,the rooms are clean,the doormen are miracle workers,and the staff is very helpful . I am not a cry baby nor do i demand alot of attention but our nyc w hotel times square stay was great.we ordered room service 1 night and it was easy to order over the tv menu and surprise it was hot and delivered fast to our room within 30 min.The W is a wonderful place and i can't wait to return thx w and nyc we had a great time and we will be back soon ,ken w.	
Dec 1 2008 	Very impressed!	Just got back from a stay at the 'W' from thanksgiving to sunday 30th november. There were mixed reviews on trip advisor and so i didnt have my hopes up too high but i was very impressed!The main lobby is on the 7th floor and we had no trouble getting lifts up and down (only once did we even share a lift!) - the lobby is very trendy and a bit gloomy really (everything is very dark in this hotel) but it looks good! Hotel staff were very friendly (and the men were really rather good looking haha!). We arrived at 7.30am on thanksgiving morning and although our room was not ready they were happy to take away our bags and the room was ready by 11.00am.We had a spectacular room on the 53rd floor with two double beds and a view towards central park- the room was compact but had everything we needed. The bathrooms are very strange - they have dark frosted walls which you can see silhouttes through once the light is turned on! Was not good on the privacy front and took a while to get used to but we found with the smaller light on you couldnt see quite so much and you didnt feel quite so exposed! not the best design for a bathroom i have come across!Room was quite stuffy and we found we needed the window open to get some fresh air in but then you could hear all the times sq noise but i guess that is to be expected! As for the room the beds were very comfortable but the lighting is terrible - its was really hard to do your make up in the evening and i had to do the make up and check it when i got to a better mirror in the restaurant to make sure it looked ok!We ate breakfast in the restuarant Blue Fin and one lunch - was a little pricey but very nice and a good place to get a table on times square where everywhere else is a wait!Overall i would stay in this hotel again, the location is great, the staff friendly - i would just bring a curtain for the bathroom and some lightbulbs for the room haha!	
Nov 29 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	When making my reservation I requested a newly renovated corner room and upon check in I was granted my requests and later discovered that my room also had a partial view of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which I was planning to see anyway. That was so awesome! I didn't even have to stand in the cold to see Snoopy!! The room was beautiful. The size was average by New York standards, in my opinion. The furniture was brand new, contemporary, and functional. My fiancee LOVED the HDTV, and the king sized bed was amazing! It cradled me to sleep every night in under 10 minutes! I didn't find the stuff snooty by any means. They were all very nice, helpful, and seemed geniuinely happy to work there. I did notice that none of them work name tags, just a little &quot;W&quot; pin on their shirts.We did have one little issue while we were here. I brought back some pizza from my hotel room and called the Whatever/Whenever desk to get a microwave. They said they did not have them available to put in guests rooms, but the young lady said that she could connect me to room service and the could heat it for me. But when I spoke to room service, they said that they do not reheat outside food because it is a health hazard. She said that they will only reheat it if the food came from the hotel. When I asked if they would reheat food cooked by the hotel even if the guest had eaten from it, she said yes. That part threw me off... it's a health hazard if it was prepared outside the hotel and untouched, but not if the hotel prepared it and you've EATEN off of it??? To me, it sounded like someone didn't have their facts straight. Anyway, after going back and forth with the front desk for 10 minutes or so I finally laid in bed and enjoyed my hot New York pizza. Ahhh...After reading a lot of reviews on here, I thought that the place would be so dark that I wouldn't be able to see 2 feet in front of me. I read all this garbage about not being able to see the buttons on the elevator and not being able to navigate around the room after the sun goes down.. Not so for me. I mean, the lobby was a little dim, and the room was maybe a little bit dimmer than your normal room, but not by much. It was nice to me, very relaxing.All in all, I loved this hotel. I'd definitely recommend it, and I'll definitely be back!	
Nov 25 2008 	A great location in the heart of the city!	A very nice hotel choosen for our incentive (group of 102 persons)In the heart of the city of NY, Time square is the soul of theaters and animation.Lights everywhere, noisy but it's part of the location!The hotel is very nice, very design with a vey &quot;people&quot; bar during the evening.The rooms are quiet even with view on Time Square (We were on the 26th floor) and the service is perfect.A place to be despite an expensive rate!!	
Nov 22 2008	Awesome! According to my 9 year old	I wasn't sure what to expect, as I've seen excellent to ugly reviews on this hotel...I was actually very impressed. I have a 9 year old boy with me, and as strange as it sounds, the chic lighting in the bathroom helped him get through the night (as a nightlight to the bathroom). While the view was limited (mostly the Marriott, but you could turn your head and see times square), the room was clean, and while small, just fine, since we were there to tour anyway. Check in clerk had an &quot;upscale attitude&quot;, but check in was efficient for 1pm. Room was not turned when we got there, but he took care of me. Concerige very responsive and helpful for day trips. GREAT location on Times Square...right in the middle of it all. Only thing was there was no minibar menu, and when I asked the Whatever operator, she did not know...so I gambled and a beer was $11. Yikes! Very Hollywood types in lobby bar at night; my son got a kick of it (he LOVED the entry lobby waterfalls in the ceiling!). Housekeeping friendly, efficient, and good; but it is dark in the rooms; you gotta get used to that aspect. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat though; with the kid, or with my partner.	
Nov 18 2008 	W Times Square "The Best"	My husband and I had a reservation for another nearby hotel, we checked in and when we saw the room we checked right out! We had read mixed reviews about the &quot;W&quot; but decided we wanted to stay in Times Square. When we walked in the hotel we were greated by the most wonderful staff. We explained to the manager that we were not happy with the other hotel and would like to see a room at the &quot;W&quot;. She gave us a tour and showed us a beautiful room. We were able to get a great rate through the internet last minute. We stayed four nights and had the best time! The staff at the &quot;W&quot; is incredible, their motto is Whatever- Whenever and they mean it! The rooms are newly renovated and tastefully decorated. They are smaller, but this is New York in Times Square!! I would highly recommend this hotel to any of my friends and hope to stay there again soon!!	
Nov 18 2008 	Cool hotel	My expectations were not high after reading some of the reviews here. That being said, I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to share my experience.This was my first time staying at any W hotel, and the staff made me feel welcome immediately upon arrival. I was concerned that I may not be trendy enough to feel comfortable here, that that was not the case. The check in process was friendly and efficient. Every interaction with the staff was positive, and I did not experience any of the aloof/pretentious behavior others have mentioned.I was a bit surprised, in a good way, but the size of the &quot;Wonderful&quot; room. I was concerned that the lowest room class would feel cramped and claustrophobic, but there was actually plenty of room. This is not to say the room was large (this is still NYC), but I have stayed in other hotel in NYC that were half the size.The room was super clean and comfortable. Despite being newly renovated, the room already showed signs of wear. I suspect they are not using the most durable materials, but this would be expected in an ultra contemporary decor that will probably look outdated and need to be remodeled again in 3-4 years. The room was on the 21st floor, facing north, overlooking Times Square. I will agree with the other reviewers in saying that there are times when street noise makes it way into the room. This is usually police or fire sirens. I work in a NYC highrise, and the noise level is no worse in the hotel. Please understand this is Times Square, so if you are looking for a quiet hotel, this is not it. The staff were attentive and friendly. The TV remote in my room was missing, and within 3 minutes, I had a new one. A few minutes after that, I received a call from the Whatever/Whenever desk to make sure the remote issue was resolved. We ordered room service breakfast one morning, it arrived hot and fresh, but was overpriced. The only thing I would change is the the frosted glass bathroom wall and door. Privacy anyone? Not in this bathroom. Overall, it was a good experience. I got a ridiculously low price through the Internet. I can see how some who pay $500+/night would be put off by the lack of bathroom privacy and the low-quality materials used in the room.	
Nov 16 2008 	Fantastic	I had a great room at the W hotel when I went there on business. It was spacious and clean and had a lovely ambient atmosphere. Room service was great as was the Blue Fin bar. Staff were accomodating and friendly. As a matter of fact, i left my purse in a cab and the doorman ran after the cab until he was able to retrieve it......now that's service!I would definitely reccomend this hotel to young New York first timers as it is the center of everything! although, possibly not to everyones tastes...quite young and funky. Very similar to Malmaison in London.	
Nov 2 2008 	Not worth the money	Just got back from the W Times Square. The location is good but that is all that is good. It is so dark that after a couple of days you will suffer from SAD 'seasonal affective disorder', with every single light on in the room it is not possible to read or make-up ~ not just a bit dim but DARK. We found the concierge to be snotty to the point of rude ~ he clearly didn't know the slogan WhateverWhenever. Our trip was to celebrate my daughters 18th - I am surprised to see that others received some acknowledgment of their celebration because despite wearing a badge most of the day not one person said 'happy birthday.Our room was small and the beds were nothing special for the money.The en-suite had a glass wall and door leaving nothing visual, auditory or aromatic to the imagination ~ the perfect recipe for holiday retention.Despite requesting a high floor, the 30th floor was not high enough to get away from the street noise. The final part of our stay was spent at The Affinia - where we had a spacious suite for the same money.	
Oct 31 2008 	Very excellent stay	I was planning a beautiful experience for my wife, due to her first time in NY. I've chosen the W Times Square because is exactly in the center of Manhattan.When i did the reservation i've asked to the customer care if were possible to have some flowers in the room and they come up with a beautiful idea.Then we arrived in NY and we were at the 46th floor with a beautiful sight seen of the city, and is also excellent during the night, and entering in the room there was an heart shape on the bed and a trail of pedals leading to the bed form the entrance.Was fantastic!!! I really suggest the W times Square Hotel and really suggest to contact the service of Whatever/Whenever if you want to plan something extraordinary.I'd like also to suggest to eat at the Blue Fin Restaurant an excellent sashimi.Adolfo	
Oct 29 2008 	W stands for OW	From the moment of checkin everthing was great! The 41st floor room had a great view over Times Square. The room was like new, very clean and spacious considering it was Times Square. The staff made us feel special and we even received free birthday cake. Would go back tomorrow if we had the funds!	
Oct 23 2008	the hottest spot in Town	This is realy a nice and viby hotel. Staf is fab and the rooms are amazing. Specialy the sky line of New York.	
Oct 19 2008 	Loved it!	Stayed here in August with co-workers for a few days and it was fantastic. I will admit, rates are a little pricey, but the location was amazing. Right in Time Sq! With the said, you would think to expect a lot of noise, but you could hear a pin drop it was so quiet! I'm not sure what rooms other individuals who have posted reviews stayed in, but we were in one of the newly renovated rooms. Decor was hip and clean, and rooms were small but it is also to be expected of NY. We even saw a few celebs at the Blue Fin downstairs! I would definitely stay here again, but would only recommend this hotel to individuals willing to drop their dollars. Not a place for budget travels.	
Oct 9 2008	Overpriced! Rude Staff! But Cool Decor	This is a cool hotel - the decor is cool, one of my favorite restaurants is on the first floor - BLUE FIN (GREAT)...but IT IS OVERPRICED!The rooms are quite small, but still nice. The bathrooms are BADLY DESIGNED! You have no choice but to flood your bathroom. The shower is designed with 1/2 a pane of glass - leaving half of the shower open with a very very small splash to contain the water. Everyone I know who has stayed here FLOODED their bathroom, So Lay Down Towels. FUN FOR 650 A NIGHT, HUH?The front desk staff is RUDE and not helpful when it comes to problems. It has a great location and cool decor...GO ELSWHERE UNLESS YOU SCORE A GOOD DEAL!	
Sep 28 2008 	Not worth it!!!!	This hotel was so overpriced. The room was small, smelt and felt dirty. We had a hole in the closet door, dust and rust on everything metal, the carpet was damp, and the room smelt like cigars and smoke. My fiance and I laughed when we walked in the room. We paid 800 dollars for nothing. The room was so small. Also, breakfast was 24 dollars for an egg omlet. I would rather eat at a local McDonalds. Please, dont waste your money!!!!	
Sep 27 2008 	A budget motel would have been better...!	This W certainly doesn't live up to the usual W reputation! The only attractive thing was the lobby. From there on it was dark (so dark we struggled to find our floor button in the elevators and find stuff in the suitcase in the room!). The service was very average - we waited in the room for over 20 minutes for our bags, then called the concierge to ask where they were to be told the bell boy was on his way. 10 minutes later nothing's arrived so we decided to go into town without waiting for the luggage....only to discover the trolley with our bags still waiting in the lobby!! In the end we took our bags off and took them to our room ourselves - hotel staff saw us do but no one asked any questions or offered any help!We stayed on the 25th floor but it was still so noisy it felt like Times square was inside our room. The hotel should seriously consider changing the windows to proper double glazing.The only nice thing was the Blue Fin restaurant - if you are a fish lover, it's highly recommended.The Whiskey club was fun too, but full of teenagers who were extremely annoying at times.	
Sep 19 2008 	Excellent room fun atmosphere but loud in the morning	I stayed at the W for business and when I arrived, was very impressed by the décor and hip atmosphere.The room was clean with excellent amenities (love the Bliss products, flat-screen, beautiful bathroom with wonderful shower). The bed was beyond comfy!However, the morning was really loud: I know the hotel is in Times Square and so I expected some street-level noise. What I didn't expect was the sound of dishes being collected...at 7 am. And the sound of these dishes breaking. And the sound of a cart being rolled down the hallway. And the sound of construction causing the side of the building to shake and make a loud, repetitive squealing noise.Overall, I high recommend the W for a chic and trendy hotel, in the heart of Times Square with fabulous bars (with comfy seats) but I wish that the mngmt were a little bit more mindful of noise early in the morning.	
Sep 11 2008 	Uncomfortable Experience	Dark, dingy, cramped, loud and poorly kept property. Way overpriced. Small cramped rooms overfilled with crappy furniture. Claustrophic dark windy corridors. Three different elevator banks poorly marked, very hard to find, ridiculous layout.Loud club music in lobby - even in check in area. Staff young and offer basic, not exceptional service - especially for these rates.Loud, noisy, dirty intersection in Times Square. Only stay here when all other Time Square hotels are full.What a wasted opportunity! Not up to standard of other W Hotel properties - they need help to figure this mess out!!!!!!	
Sep 8 2008 	overpriced dirty room - bad service	We spent 3 nights on a pay two basis but we would have preferred to have paid more and stayed in another placeOur room and the bathroom was in fact dirty e.g. stains on the coffee table, rust stains on the (wobbling) tiles of the bathroom etc.. We complained twice and the reception indeed took note and sent someone to clean but despite the &quot;extra care&quot; we were told they took, it was not even close to what you'd expect from this type of hotel.Finally, two days after we left we rang them twice because my wife believed she had left her earrings in our room. Their lost&amp;found people told us on both occassions that they would investigate and get back to us....no call...I would not go back again.	
Sep 3 2008	Fun!	FUN! Had a Great weekend with 4 Friends and the W helped make it happen! Beautiful views and fun Lobby bar. Rooms are a bit small, but who stays in their room long in NYC anyway??? Look forward to their renovation. I will be back! I don't recomend for a family stay.	
Sep 2 2008 	Convenient location	I stayed at the W Times Square for business for one night. Overall, it was a decent stay but not as good as I had expected given the price. The decor is very modern like most W hotels but it almost felt like the hotel was trying to hard with the black walls and doors in the hallways (creepy!) and black comforters. The kaleidoscope in the room for looking out the windows was a nice touch and as always I appreciated the high end linens and down comforter. The bathroom was spacious by New York standards and I loved the Bliss toiletries. I accidentally left a pair of pants (blended in with the black comforters...) and called immediately the day I checked out to see if they could be recovered. Three phone calls after that and I never did get the pants back. :( Disappointing to say the least.Pants and black decor aside, the location is stellar - just off Time Square and convenient to the subway too.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very nice and reasonable with their specials	Stayed for a long weekend and found the hotel and staff to both be very good. Staff was very helpful and informative with regard to sightseeing locations, how to get to them, and approximate cost depending on transportation. Room was clean and in great condition with a great view of Times Square. Would highly recommend. Some reviews mention that the rooms were small, but it's NYC and we were able to have 2 adults and 2 children in and did not feel cramped.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotel in Times Square	The W Hotel Times Square is in the heart of Times Square in Manhattan. It is very convenient to many Broadway theaters and great restaurants. The hotel is very urban chic, with good friendly service. The rooms are somewhat small, but are cozy and nicely kept. The elevators are fast, which is important for such a high rise. The rates are very reasonable for this quality of a hotel in Manhattan.	
Aug 21 2008 	Awful!!!	This is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. We stopped in New York for 3 nights on our way to the Dominican Republic and stayed at the W Times Square. On the return journey we had booked somewhere else (the Ritz Carlton in Battery Park- wonderful hotel!) And thank god for that! The lobby in the W isn't so bad. It's dark but still rather tastefully decorated. However as soon as we stepped out of the lift on the floor of our room I was horrified. The carpet was dirty, there were no windows and barely any lights so it was terribly dark. The room wasn't much better. The bathroom was filthy and absolutely tiny! Our &quot;city view&quot; room was just a view onto another skyscraper across the road. We had to leave our blinds down the whole time as they could see right into our room. Although the beds were comfortable and the sheets were clean, the cushions on the bed were all stained. I wouldn't recommend staying in this hotel. It's far from the four star it claims to be. I certainly will never be staying here again anyway!	
Aug 15 2008	Stylish	I stayed in the W TImes Square last summer and was impressed as soon as my car pulled up outside. Immediately greeted by the professional but very friendly and helpful doormen. The lobby is incredibly stylish - the sort of place that would feature in a scene of Sex and the City. Secure lifts to guest rooms with a key card needed to gain access to guest floors. Room itself was decent, perhaps a little smaller than I would have liked, but nothing worth complaining about. I wasn't too sure about the bedding material and have to question whether or not style is more important to the hotel than comfort. Whenever I returned to the hotel at the end of the day, the doorman recognised me and always greeted me. After a certain time at night I saw some people being asked on the door for their room keys, which is always good for security. I can see how the hotel could give off a pretentious air as it does bear some resemblance to a New York City nightclub, but hey - you pay for security and I suppose to an extent some exclusivity!Think this is very much a young adults hotel - there is constant music in the lobby and with the lighting around the hotel it feels like being in a club, even in the middle of the day!I really enjoyed my stay here, and loved the style. I look forward to returning here (or I might try out the W in Union Square next time as I am getting very sick of Times Square!)	
Jul 29 2008 	Very cool experience - treated like VIP's	You feel like you're visiting a nightclub when you arrive here and true to form, when you get to the check-in on the 7th floor, there's the W bar about 100 feet behind you. The service was excellent as the atmosphere is very casual but professional - they treat you like they're happy you're staying there. We had a flight cancellation and missed out on stand-by for the next flight home, so obviously we were pretty tired and pissed off by this point - 11pm (10 hours in the airport). The gentlemen at reception realized this and made us feel welcome and relaxed. We didn't have any bags (Delta held on to them) so we had no toiletries with us. Within 5 minutes of getting into our room they had delivered two sealed black paper bags, which were his and her toiletry packs with toothpaste, deodorant, hair products, razors and shaving cream. The room is small but decorated very well - very modern. Sliding door from washroom with frosted glass. Shower needed to be sealed as the water basically poured out through the glass door - had to use 3 towels to mop up. This is located right in Times Square but for the night we stayed there, it didn't feel like it at all. Obviously, walking distance everywhere and restaurants all over the place (chain and others). Would definitely go back here!	
Jul 21 2008 	too dark	I've booked this to be close to Time Square for New Year's Eve (you need to book a restaurant table to get access without standing in the cold for hours). Food in the hotel restaurant was creative and good. The hotel room was surprisingly spacious, but the whole hotel is incredibly dark - some may consider this stylish, but when I have difficulties finding the right button in the elevator, I draw the line. None of the computers in the business center worked, but concierge was very helpful in printing my boarding pass. Overall not a bad hotel, but there are better options nearby.	
Jul 18 2008 	Horrible W New York Hotel	Horrible, horrible, horrible. Dark corridors. Dirty carpets, and dirty walls. Noisy very noisy. Can't wait to check out after a night's stay	
Jul 15 2008 	What Happened to the W-It has become a disgusting hellhole	I had stayed at the W Times Square a number of times in the past and really enjoyed it, so when my travel desk told me that they had an excellent rate, I jumped at the chance to return. What a mistake!!!! The hotel has become a disgustingly filthy hell-hole. The halls were always a little dark, but now they are positively cave like and the walls are completely scuffed and the carpet torn and worn. Maybe they keep the lights down so that you do not see all of the dirt. My room was dirty and the bathroom was filthy with mold in all of the grout lines. When I called to asked for a clean room, they told me that my rate was for a &quot;non-renovated room&quot; (knew there was a catch to the rate) and refused since they were fully booked. The wallboard was bubbling up around the bathroom and the carpet was damp and mildewed. When I took a shower, the drain backed up and flooded the carpeted area of the room. At 7:00 the renovation work begins and it sounds like they have a jackhammer on the hall, so do not plan on sleeping in.The health club is closed for renovation and they are squirting noxious perfume around the place to cover the mold and mildew smell.And did I mention that the place was a flthy, disgusting hell-hole?	
Jul 14 2008 	Urban cool but looking tired round the edges	Located right in the centre of Manhattan off of Times Square, The W clearly positions itself as the epitome of cool. Certainly, your welcome experience bears this out - the beautiful water feature as you enter, the stunning lounge area on the 7th floor and the genuine easy going and friendly welcome from the staff (who are, of course, way better dressed than you are.)Beyond the lobby, others have noted that the decor veers toward the dark and the industrial. The corridors in particular are like peculiar black holes; mildly off-putting, but the general calming effect does make some sense - and it's unlikely you'll spend much more than a few seconds in those areas as you're passing through.First impressions of the room itself were positive - if you can get over the fact that the room itself was disappointingly small for the price, but overall, the 'cool' vibe carries through - flatscreen HDTV, glass desk, views over Time Square, mood lighting and so on. The bathroom is well appointed with a great shower and refreshingly, a good set of toiletries, including a decent face wash to clear off all that New York grime. The bed was simply one of the best I've had in a hotel - and it needs to be, with the hustle and bustle of Times Square outside doing their best to keep you awake.Alas, after a short while of being in the room you begin to notice that the shine and gloss wears thin quite rapidly and it's clearly evident that the rooms are in dire need of a major facelift. Wallpaper peels from the corners of walls, dust is collecting on the skirting board, the air vents haven't been cleaned in months. The taps in the bathroom are dull and tarnished; the sink has cracks from years of use. The lamps are yellowing, the cover of your complimentary 'soothing' CD looks like it was found at the bottom of the bargain bin of the Virgin Megastore across the street.In a low key hotel at a cheaper price, you'd probably let these things pass - but in a premium hotel at a very premium rate, the lack of attention to detail was unforgivable. Clearly, the rest of clientéle - a mix of fashionistas, media types and &quot;Sex in the City&quot; wannabes - seemed happy enough, but then again, they probably weren't fretting about who was footing the bill.	
Jul 12 2008 	W Rocks!	Perfect W experience! Great location, helpful staff, great room!	
Jun 29 2008	One of the hotel features: overbooking	This review will be very short. We were 2 couples and decided to spend a weekend at the W for a birthday event. We get there to check in and the receptionist tell us to come back later because the rooms were not ready yet. We called before coming back and we were told the rooms were clean and the keys were ready.As soon as we got there, they finally tell us they had a computer problem and that all the rooms suddenly happened to be all taken. What a service.	
Jun 28 2008 	Stay Away!	The room is one of the smallest I have ever seen. They make the Microtel seem spacious. It's hard to pull off the modern contemporary look when the property is so dated. It has that 70's style of &quot;contemporary&quot;. The location is unbeatable. The price is outrageous even by New York standards. The only thing positive I can say is that the Blue Fin restarant was great. Excellent food and great service at reasonable prices.	
Jun 25 2008 	Nothing special	We stayed at this hotel in June 2008 for a birthday treat for my 21 year old daughter and 16 year old son. Picked the hotel for the location, right on Times Square and thought my daugter might like the modern space age theme. Booked two rooms intercommunicating. Booked 'spendid rooms' for a treat, on arrival at reception was offered two rooms on the newly renovated 15th floor, so were first guests to stay in them. My son and daughter were highly impressed with the ultra modern decor but for myself and partner we were quite disappointed. The corridors and lift areas have gun-metal grey walls, ceilings and carpets which to begin with looked quite smart but by the 3rd day we felt we were staying in a prison block. The rooms were a reasonable standard hotel size and as previous reviews have stated, the beds were very comfortable. Again the 'grey' theme was repeated throughout the rooms. It felt like the hotel has tried to make it hip and fashionable but failed to make it comfortable. Although the twin room had a very small bath, the king-bed room only had a shower which was a little disappointing. A note on the bathroom, the entire walls are made of glass, and although frosted you can see people inside, therefore absolutely no privacy, which for a couple can just about get by, but for my daughter sharing with her brother was a big no-no. Lots of the room decor and with the hotel in general, has been decorated for show, and has not taken into consideration any practicalities.Another mention is that all 3 mornings we were awoken at 7.30am by loud drilling, so guess the floor is still being worked on, so avoid rooms on the 15th for the next few weeks.A note on the staff, again we felt that everyone was image consicious and not really doing any proper customer service. The consiege was the most UNHELPFUL we had ever come across and we have stayed in New York many times.In all, my daughter loved this hotel which was what the trip was all about, for myself wouldn't stay here again, much prefer the more comfortable Sofitel a couple of blocks away.	
Jun 22 2008 	One of the best hotels in Midtown	I was booked in this hotel by Starwood Corporate after my original stay at the Sheraton Manhattan at Times Square went all wrong (see my post there for full details.)Having stayed at many W hotels in the past, this one ranks up with one of the best. The suite I was in was absolutely beautiful. It had a very large bedroom, 2 full bathrooms, living room, two large screen tvs, multiple sound systems... the works. The best part of this room is that it is the only room with a full balcony. It has an amazing view, and is perfect for anyone looking to entertain up to two dozen people comfortably. You are separated from all the other rooms, so you can be sure your partying will not disturb any of your neighbors. Also the balcony comes in handy for those who smoke, as all the rooms are non-smoking.The club in the basement of the hotel is okay, tho never drew a very big crowd. There is a great bar in the main lobby area of the W (3rd floor), and a great place to unwind. The restaurant has some great food (sushi blend), but expect to pay the usual NYC fares. The room service is on par with the restaurant, and can satisfy almost any need at anytime. This goes along with the W's motto: Whatever, Whenever. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking to stay in Times Square.	
Jun 16 2008 	Needs a facelift	I am originally a New Yorker, so going back and seeing how Times Square has changed in 30 years is great and I Love N.Y. The past few years we stay at the W-Times Square-used to stay at the Paramount now the W. When it opened;WOW.!! This year it just started to seeem like it needed a bit of work. The carpet had small stains, the rooms hadn't changed in at least 3 years, and the bar that we love (BLue Fin ) which has a great corner view jutting out onto Times Square and all enclosed in glass needs to replace the chipped glass chair stools. Honestly I love this hotel, I go every year but would hope Management recognizes it's time for a facelift.	
Jun 15 2008 	W Times Square is GREAT!	The main purpose for my trip to NYC was to see &quot;Grease&quot; at the Brooks Atkinson theater, with Taylor Hicks in the role of Teen Angel. After weighing the options (closeness to the theater being foremost), I chose W Times Square. And I am so glad I did! The theater and the hotel are in the same block.This is a very hip place to stay, located in Midtown and the Theater District. Though the hotel and most of the nice eateries around it are pricey, it was worth it.Also, it is convenient for sightseeing via the hop-off/hop-on double-decker bus tours - there's a stop right around the corner from the hotel, by the Roxy Deli (the size of those sandwiches!).The W staff was fantastic. My room was quite comfy. As I mentioned, it's a &quot;hip&quot; hotel - mostly a young crowd, so the &quot;living room&quot; (the lobby) was a bit noisy -- but all of NYC is noisy!I really enjoyed my stay, and I look forward to going back.	
Jun 4 2008	W 4 me!	Have just returned from a long weekend at this hotel, and what a fab time we had. The hotel is situated right in the hub of Times Square. Thought the noise would have been a problem but as we were on the 25th floor and facing one of the side streets, this was unfounded. The room was a twin room with two double beds and an ensuite bathroom. It was a fair size for two people and I could have lived with it longer, if I had the chance!! Fresh towels were provided daily and the bar was stocked well, if a tad expensive. The bliss products in the bathroom were replenished daily and were brilliant. The staff were excellent, friendly and courteous at all times. The bar was a bit expensive although very chic so we preferred the bars out on the square and surrounding areas. Only ever ate breakfast in the hotel and it was okay, plenty of it. We would return to this hotel again as we loved it, the location and the big comfortable beds.......	
May 29 2008 	Great Hotel	I've just recently come back from a 3 night stay in New York. I took the trip with my wife as a birthday present.I visited New York about 7 years ago and always vowed to go back. The recent bank holiday seemed like the perfect excuse. The first thing i noticed when booking the trip was how expensive the hotels had become in New York. Most hotels seemed to be around the £200 a night mark. I looked at a few 'cheaper' hotels and they were still around £150, so i thought, go on treat yourself, book a nice hotel. So after much deliberation i booked the W hotel in Times Square.After reading a couple of reviews i was a little appehensive. I was led to believe that the hotel was pitch black with techno music booming out until your ears bled ! This was not the case.When you arrive at the hotel the first thing that will strike you is how close you are to the centre of Times Square. You are literally bang smack in the middle. There are several bars outside the hotel, as well as deli's and other eateries. The hotel is also a short walk from the Times Square Subway stop.You enter the hotel in the basement and have to take a short lift to the 7th floor. The 7th floor being the reception / living area of the hotel. As you enter the basement the word ambient springs to mind. Dashes of purple light and ceiling mounted water features. A nice little touch with regard to entering the basement is that the hotel employ security during the evening to make sure that only hotel guests can enter.The reception area of the hotel is something else. I totally understand that it will not be everyones come of tea but i personally thought it was fantastic. It's very dimly lit and the tradition of purple light and ambient colours are reproduced. Music seemed to play 24 hours a day whilst we were there. The best genre to describe it would be ambient beach music. I personally quite liked it. And it wasn't as loud as some reviewers have suggested.There is a bar in the reception area and several seating options. The atmosphere was laid back and friendly. The bar staff are excellent.Also within the same room is the concierge. I generally don't bother the concierge as they are normally quite unapproachable. Not so in this hotel. As you walk to the desk you are greeted with a plaque that says 'Whatever'. This pretty much sums up their attitude. And over the course of our stay i bombarded them with pretty much whatever came to mind. Each time they obliged. From producing a plaster for my wifes foot, booking dinner reservations to booking a helicopter trip. They were fantastic.The lifts to the rooms are split into 2 sections. One for the lower rooms and one for the higher floor rooms. We were given a room on the 48th floor. Wow, the room was great. I had read stories that the rooms are small and unpractical. Totally untrue. The shower is a walk in affair and their plenty of room in the bathroom. The bed was fantastic as were the nice touches that surrounded it. You will also get a plasma tv, alarm/radio and several other hotel standards. One thing i must mention are the bliss bathroom products. Easily the best quality hotel bathroom produce i have come across. I am still using the body butter now, but thats another story !In summary, the hotel is great. The staff were generally quite young but incredibly friendly and approachable. The location is great and is pretty much bang in the centre of town.I enjoyed the bar in the hotel but did not use the Whisky bar which is lcoated underneath the hotel. However, i was told that if you produced your hotel card on the door you would receive some form of VIP treatment. Also, i did not use the Blue fin restaurant but did hear good reviews whilst in the hotel.One great recomendation i received from the concierge is worth a mention. A breakfast eatery called the brooklyn diner which is nearby. If you want authentic New York complete with waffles, pancakes etc.. Thats your placeTotally won over by this placeLyndon	
May 25 2008 	chi chi hotel with a great location	I am a little old for this brand of hotels but have stayed at this w a few times recently. GREAT LOCATION! GREAT FOOD! You take the elevator up to reception which is a few floors up from the ground. Check in is usually pretty crowded. The on site places to eat are some of the best in area which is packed with hotels because of the theatre district as well as midtown location. Rooms are on the small side but very well designed and comfortable. The hallways are too dark for my taste but it seems to be part of what w defines as cool. Not a lot of benefits for business travelers but the hotel clearly targets young professionals with its bar scene. they have dvd's for borrowing as well as a diverse and tasty room service menu. All in all a nice and comfortable place	
May 19 2008	It's Alright	I only live a few minutes away from Times Square and every now and then I will go online and check for hotel bargins. The W comes up often. So my girlfriend and I will check in and be tourists for the night. It's always fun.I like this W but I will pass along some tips. First it is noisy. Expect to hear a drunk or two in the hallway. Second if you have a corner room facing Times Square it will be bright. The hotel needs to install blackout shades badly. Thirdly, it is not as happening as it was a few years ago. The class of people seems to be going downhill quickly. It went from supermodels to baseball capped punks with their girlfriends overnight. ( The W is building in Hoboken. That either means Hoboken is cooler than I thought or that the W is not the brand it used to be).The positives about this hotel? It still has great Time Square views. The staff is still good. The rooms are still cool.	
May 18 2008 	Fun Place to Be	I have stayed at the hotel twice - once on pleasure for 5 nights over Thanksgiving in 2007 and once with business for 3 nights in March 2008. My wife travelled with me on both trips and absolutely loved the hotel. The rooms are not large, but I only have the rooms in Asia as a comparison, so they could be large by New York standards. They are equiped with shower, great Bliss tolietries (which are one of the reasons my wife loved the hotel - she has been dedicated to their products ever since), coffee machine and probably the best in-house movie system I have come across. This is great if you want to chill out at night with the Mrs. The mini-bar is expensive but as you leave the hotel on the left hand side is a deli which can serve you breakfast, beer, evening meal or whatever you want, so to be honest we never had to use the mini-bar, if I wanted a drink in the room I just brought up a couple of beers on the way in.As other reviewers have said the lobby area does become a bit of a club/bar at night but this is part of the appeal of the hotel. You have to use the elevator to reach reception and the lobby bar is basically in an open-plan area by reception. There are no windows to the outside so you may feel that you are drinking at 1am when actually it is only 10pm outside. The waitresses are HOT! It is not cheap but not outrageously priced either.The gym is quite small but functional. We ate in the sushi bar on the groundfloor and it was excellent, the bar at the front of the hotel does an excellent seafood platter and combine this with a nice bottle of Sauvignon-Blanc or two and your afternoon is just about full, (as are you). The staff are quite young and very helpful. Friendly, informative and they seem to be genuinely interested in you as a customer. At no point did I feel obliged to tip, to be honest it was a pleasure to do so. The elevators are operated by key-card so security is good.I am one of those people who has to have a window open at night, New York is noisy so if this is you be prepared. If the window was closed the noise was negligent. The hotel is on Times Square which is bright but the blinds on the windows are good. As you would expect there is a good selection of bars and restaurants in the area but the best we tried was Budda Bar in the Meat-Packing District, (take a taxi), it was unbelievable. We also had a great meal in Grand Central Station, I'm sorry but I can't remember the name of the place - its looking over the main concourse.Overall, if you are looking for place to stay as a tourist then I would recommend the hotel. If you are looking for a hotel with large public areas then you may want to try one of the Grand-Dame NYC hotels but you may pay a high price. I would certainly recommend the W Hotel and hope to go back some day.	
May 14 2008 	Great classy place	My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for 5 nights and absolutely loved the W. It's a great classy place to stay. We had a corner room with views of the Hudson and uptown. Slightly small rooms, not unlike any other New York hotel. Room was always clean. Room service breakfast had amazing Belgian waffles and we got a free bottle of champagne complements of the staff for our honeymoon.	
May 12 2008	Times Square in my room	&quot;The hallways are so dark, I feel like I'm going to be mugged.&quot; That's a direct quote from my manager and it surely applies at all W's where I've stayed. Aside from that, the rooms are typical W - although they have this sliding bathroom panel, which seemed flimsy. What happened to having a bathroom door?If you stay at this particular hotel, BE SURE to request a room that does not border on the times square movie screens, unless that is the sort of experience you are looking for. Kids might think this is really cool. As I was there for business, all i kept thinking was that time's square was coming into my room and the blinds surely were not keeping it out.I had my jeans sent for valet laundry and the order was incorrectly completed. They promptly took care of it at no charge by 7am the next day. The hotel staff here are great - every single employee I encountered was kind and courteous. and the gym is nice and usable.A good place to stay in Times Square - and I would recommend this hotel over the Westin.	
May 11 2008 	Aging Fast	The W Times Square has a great location if you're in the city for theater. Other than that, there are problems... This was my second stay at this property, but the first since 2004. The entry to the hotel is on 47th street, and is only an elevator lobby that takes you up to 7 which is the main lobby (or Living Room) as W likes to say. During the daytime, the lobby is a nice enough space with check in located off in an alcove. At night, the lobby turns into a nightclub. A source of revenue for the hotel - but very limiting to the paying guests who have no public area within the hotel to gather or relax outside of the room.There is also the Whiskey Bar separate from the Lobby on street level (part of Blue Fin Restaurant, I think), but the W feels they also need to turn the lobby into a nightclub as well. It seeems to work for them as it was packed and loud every night. For the hotel guests, it was annoying.The rooms are small and with exception of those ending in 10 or 11, have very limited views (facing either Marriott Marquis or an office building). Rooms ending in 10 &amp; 11 face Broadway north toward Central Park, and if you are on a higher floor, you may even have a Park view. Actually, the rooms ending in 11 seem to have a larger floorplan with a sitting area. There are only 10 rooms per floors with 57 being the highest floor.What I noticed on this visit was how the rooms have aged - not very well. I didn't find them to be dirty, as I had read in previous reviews. Everything was nice &amp; clean. But they did seem very dated. The W is marketed as a trendy, boutique hotel. And they also try to sell a luxury image. I found this hotel failing both categories. The furnishings in the room were pretty beaten up, and just seemed cheap. The 'chair' they use is a white leather-like cube with no arms. Basically, it's an ottoman sitting in the corner with absolutely no function as a chair for lounging. You can physically sit on it, but not for long as it is just not comfortable. Which leaves the bed as the only place in the room to sit. If this were a less expensive property, that would be one thing. But the prices are quite high and this hotel participates in several luxury hotel collections (Amex Fine Hotels being one), which indicates a certain level of luxury and services. With that in mind, I have rated this property with only 3 stars.I'll list a few positives and negatives that stood out:The Good (in addition to location):+ Bell Staff were very attentive and seemed genuinely interested in guest service+ Nice flat panel TV's with nice range of channels (though only a very few were HD)+ A good deli next door, which proved necessary as the Blue Fin restaurant only opened for limited hours. It had good selection of food and reasonable pricing+ Comfortable BedThe Bad:- Rooms were small &amp; furnishings were greatly lacking- Very small bathrooms- Lots of noise coming from hallways into the room (seemed like much of it was hotel staff servicing rooms during the day)- No climate control in the rooms (Forget the thermostat on the wall)- Limited usable public space and restaurant choiceSUMMARY - Great location for theater and a nice, comfortable bed for sleeping. Not especially trendy, aging fast.	
May 11 2008 	A 'W'onderful Stay :)	I took my Mother to New York for a weekend for her 50th Birthday and I really wanted to splash out and stay somewhere very nice and with a good location, and The W was just that!The staff couldn't have been any nicer and wished my Mother a happy birthday apon checking in. Later that night they even sent up a piece of birthday cake and a card. That was the icing on the cake for her. (no pun intended :P)We were on the 46th floor ( In the 'Spectacular room) with a view down onto Times Square, the noise wasn't bad at all since we were so high up, and the room had blackout drapes so all the blinking lights and lit up signs didn't bother us during the night.The beds were oh-so-comfy, and we loved the music that was always playing in our room.We ordered room service for breakfast on both of the days and it was delicious! So well prepared and presented. A real treat :)The check in lounge on the 7th floor was fab, always someone around to help us with our luggage, or questions about the city or simply getting us a cab. (Which can sometimes be a hassle downtown)Anyway! The W was a wonderful choice and we can't wait to have another girls weekend and go back sometime soon :)	
May 10 2008 	Good hotel despite where it is	I confess: I hate Times Square. It's over-rated and it's impossible to move without falling over particularly dim tourists. I only stayed there because it was convenient for the meetings I was having, and I generally like the Starwood chain for decent hotels and relatively reasonable prices.But The W is actually pretty good. I'm (just) 50 but I liked its modernity and it's well-designed. The rooms aren't particularly big but they're nicely laid-out; and the staff are generally friendly and welcoming.The $8 bottle of water at bedside is one of the less good ideas and they deserve to lose a rating point for that alone, and people who don't like big cities may have found the neon creeping through the blinds at night a bit of a distraction.But generally I liked the corner room I was given --- view of the tacky Square on one side, and the Hudson out to the west --- and I found the food at Breakfast good though certainly not cheap.Overall it was above expectations, and I'd go back on a business trip - though for a vacation I might head either north or south for a touch more civilisation on the doorstep.	
May 8 2008 	Nice enough.	First off, I'm not a huge fan of the whole W concept so I may tend to have a negative bias. The negatives first:This hotel tries SO HARD to be hip that it's almost laughable. However, I don't think people who are really hip would ever actually stay in a Times Square hotel. Much less a hotel that is only moderate to high priced by NYC standards. Browsing the gift shop is kind of a giveaway too. Pretty low-end merchandise.The room we had was quite small and the bath room was tiny. The bathroom had a sliding door with a frosted glass panel. It served a dual purpose of seeming hip, while helping to mitigate the tightness of the bathroom. Supposedly our room was an upgrade (and it was a corner room) so the regular rooms must be even smaller. The room was nicely furnished except for some random, cheap-looking throw pillows.Almost all the surfaces in the public areas are black or charcoal gray. This color scheme, combined with the cheesy mood lighting makes it difficult to see. It's annoying, but the W in Murray Hill is even worse as far as that goes (and not as nice in other ways, too). I agree with the other reviewer who said that the bathroom wasn't as maintained as it should have been. If I'm going to have a room that small I want it to be a jewel box. The lobby is an elevator ride up from the front entrance. Then you go to a separate elevator bank to get up to your room. The floors are mislabeled, so that it seems as though you are on a higher floor than you really are. This is only a minor inconvenience.The positives:We had a pretty nice view. The Bliss products that they stock the room with are nice.There is a restaurant right off the front entrance area that is supposed to be pretty fun.There was a pretty long line at check-in and it was handled really, really well. It went quite quickly and the desk staff was friendly and efficient. The bellhops were terrific. Friendly and fast. The concierge was nice, but not all that helpful. He didn't have knowledge of our requests so it was frustrating to watch him surf the internet slower than I could have. However, our requests were probably not standard and we were in a rush, so I can't really fault him. He did the best he could. Housekeeping was also very friendly. Quiet in the halls and they would immediately push the elevator button for you if they saw you coming. A little thing, but evidence of training.Overall, it was a small, dark hotel with trendy decor that only partially distracts from it's shortcomings (lipstick on a pig). But it has a surprisingly nice and professional staff. I would not be disappointed to go back for a short trip.	
Apr 29 2008 	Hip Hotel in the thick of Times Square	We booked a king room on the 53rd floor. The rate with tax was $452 per night.We arrived at 1pm. The lobby was chaotic. It was difficult to tell where the line began. After waiting 20 minutes we left and returned to try again around 4:30. Things were moving much more quickly and smoothly then. Check in took less than 10 minutes on our second attempt.If you arrive before 3:30pm I recommend leaving your bags, going about your business and returning in the late afternoon.There is wireless and wired internet in the rooms. It is $16.95 per day.The rooms are small, as expected, and attractively modern and minimalistic. The bathroom has little space for toiletries so a hanging bathroom bag would come in handy. The toilet offers little privacy as the walls and door are translucent glass.There was a hair dryer, iron and ironing board in the room. The mini bar was well stocked with Heineken, wine, booze and more. From the W 1567 Broadway (47th and Broadway) you can walk to the theaters, great restaurants, 7th Ave shopping, MOMA and more. It is as good of a location as you can find. The hotel has a lobby bar with very attractive bar tenders that gets quite lively and a separate club bar called Whiskey that was packed.If you are looking for some real New York nightlife within walking distance try Touch. Clubs come and go but this place was it in April of 08. It is a short walk from the hotel at 240 W. 52nd. Ask the concierge for a complementary admission (don't forget to tip). That card will not only get you in free, it might be the only way to get in on a busy night. The crowd is young and energetic. The DJ gets everyone dancing early. This club was already very busy when we arrived at 11:30pm.This W Hotel isn't nearly as accommodating as the Four Seasons but the location is better. The Marquis has a slightly better location than the W but is a half star below in my opinion.	
Apr 24 2008 	Too hip for its own good	This is a hip, contemporary hotel in a great location. It is not terribly user friendly. The elevators are dark, and almost all guests (comedically) search for the button to their floor. The lobby/lounge is so noisy and dark (again) that you can't really hear or see. There's public internet access during the day that disappears once the bar starts going. It's a great place to hang out and people watch, though. The food is generally very good, and the bar is overpriced and the service indifferent, but you still don't mind because the crowd is so interesting. The front desk staff is very good and friendly. The wait staff feels like they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. The room I had was spacious and comfortable. My colleague was not so lucky with a cramped and musky room. Expensive, hip, attitudinal. It's a fine place to stay in Times Square, but I'd suggest other parts of the city if you want a better hotel.	
Apr 23 2008 	More Style than Comfort	The W hotel has a great location in Times Square and is hip and stylish, but when my daughter and I stayed there for a shopping and Broadway weekend, we weren't that wowed. First of all, the bathroom was not all that clean, especially on the floor, around the tub, and in all the corners. When you're going to have a white bathroom, it better be clean. We also didn't like the design of the bathroom, which was walled off by white, plastic translucent walls that are far from light- or sound-proof, which creates a lack of privacy as well as a problem if someone is trying to use the bathroom while others are sleeping. I think they were going for some kind of modern look, but I'd far prefer standard, sound-proofed walls! In the sleeping area, many things seemed grimy, dusty, or sticky, including the phones, tables, remote controls and radio. I don't think any of these items had been wiped down for quite some time.  The room was quite small, but I would expect that in Times Square.  I booked on hotels.com, and paid extra to be put on a higher floor, but didn't get that. The front desk said I needed proof that I had paid extra and hotel.com's receipt is suspicously vague on details, so I had no recourse on this matter. Traffic noise is definitely a problem unless you are on one of the top floors. As to the amenities outside of the room. There is only one lounge area, and it is basically a bar. Not family friendly, and not comfortable if you want to hang out or wait for someone. Also, there was not always a doorman, and on the day we checked out there was no one to help open the door (our hands were full) or to help us flag a cab. All in all, it didn't seem like a very friendly or helpful place, especially to families.	
Apr 23 2008 	Very so-so	To be fair - all of the hotels in Times Square (and NYC generally) are massively overpriced and not very nice. The W is no exception. Location is excellent - right in the heart of Times Square...however, the rooms are small, in desperate need of fine touches, the bathroom is old and not very clean and the water pressure is horrible. Internect connectivity is so slow its almost useless.On the upside - the staff is competent if a bit lacking in polish and the bar area of the lobby is a great place to meet people and hang out with your friends.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good hotel	Good hotel for Times Square. Check in was quick, employees were friendly, room was clean, bed was comfortable and the view west was great.Little advice about the bed. What appears to be a padded head board is actually two removable pillows. We didn't realize this until like 2 in the morning when our feet would hang off the bed. So if you think the beds are short they aren't, the head board pillows take up 5 inches of the length of the bed.Second thing, the bottle of water beside the bed has a label on the top &quot;This bottle is provided as a service to our guest. If the consumed a charge will be billed to your room. For your convenience our staff will refresh daily.&quot; The bottle of water is $8.00 bucks. [Side note, I have worked in the hotel industry before... sometimes these bottles will have been in the room for months before they are replaced. Unless the bottle of water is complimentary I would suggest not to drink it.] Other than that it was a good stay.	
Apr 9 2008 	Stylish Overpriced Hotel in Great Location	My husband traveled to NYC for work and this was the hotel that was booked for him. I'm glad that we did not pay for this hotel otherwise I would have felt that we overpaid at $400+ per night. Overall, it was a comfortable place to stay in an excellent location in Times Square and close to all the theaters. But I would not book this hotel for a personal stay.While I'm sure the hotel room was excellent at one point, our room, especially our bathroom, was a little dingy. The grout lines of the bathroom tile could use some extra scrubbing. The bathroom was small and there was barely any counterspace, which, many ladies will agree with me, makes it a little inconvenient to get ready in the morning.The hotel is very stylish and trendy, with a great restaurant attached. The bed was ultra comfortable, with a soft pillowtop that made it easy to sink into. The bed was the best thing about the room. This is a good hotel but at the price they charge, it should a GREAT hotel.	
Mar 31 2008	Fun and funky	We stayed for a company event and were thrilled to stay in such a nice place. We had a corner room (2501) with a great view overlooking Times Square. The room was good sized and clean, though there did seem to be hair product or lotion or something on the bathroom sink. The bed was great, very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful enough. The hotel is very secure, you had to use your door key to go anywhere in the elevator and there were lots of staff around. We had a great time at the dance club Whiskey, located beneath the hotel.Though trendy and modern, the place IS dark. The elevators and hallways were incredibly dim. The shower and toilet were pretty noisy when used, but we didn't really hear noise from the rooms around us. The only real issue we had with our stay was discovering a rattle in our car exhaust that wasn't present when we left the car with the valet service.We really enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to others.	
Mar 27 2008 	Fan-Tas-Tic	Brilliant location, excellent view from the rooms. We loved the design and the lobby lounge. Staff is very friendly, breakfast great. Especially the door team is great!Rooms small, especially the bathrooms but very well designed, nothing is missing, w had a great time!	
Mar 24 2008 	Very Trendy But Very Small Rooms. Older People (45+) Do Not Go Here	this was located in a great area. just walking distance from the center of times square. i really liked the location. i did not like how the hotel was so dark all the time. i especially didnt like howsmall the rooms were. the bathroom was 3x3 and the bads were super small.. I do not recommend this for older adults. i would highly recommend for 21-35 year olds. nice furniture	
Mar 24 2008	Dark but funky!	Conde Nast Traveller magazine UK edition April 2008 (page 44) gives a description of a hip New York hotel that is so dark the reviewer cannot find a thing. I'm fairly certain he was describing the W Times Square. The walls are all black, and the lift buttons are extremely difficult to see. If you suffer from poor vision, looking for a family hotel or are just plain old, you should probably give this a miss.Luckily my wife and I have excellent vision and are under 40, and we had a great time. The W is achingly hip and makes no apologies for it. The main lobby has a huge stylish bar filled with the young and beautiful of New York which made it quite noisy on the Friday eve we arrived, but I prefer to think of it as full of life. The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming. We were booked into the 'Wonderful' Room which is their smallest, but they put us into a corner room with great views, and provided complementary cheeseboard and wine. The room was quite small, but in the middle of New York I had no other expectations, neither was it particularly noisy even with the window open. Seriously, I don't understand people who complain about outdoor noise and lights. You are in Times Square, for crying out loud. You don't like noise, stay out of the city, it's as simple as that.I would point out that clothes hooks in the bathroom were seriously lacking, and the bathrooms could do with a touch-up, but nothing deal-breaking.The location is unbeatable, the metro is right across the street and the half-price theatre ticket booth is just around the corner. The concierges are friendly and informative, pointing us toward the best restaurants and bars in the area. There are 2 convenience stores within a 5-second walk of the front door so you can stock up on treats and drinks, rather than the high-price minibar goods. BTW the tapwater is perfectly drinkable, for all those bottled water snobs out there.Later during the stay we moved up to one of the suites on the 53rd floor, fantastic views from here, nothing rivals the Manhattan skyline at sunrise from a King-size bed!We had breakfast at the Blue Fin restaurant twice and it was excellent both times. Much pricier than the nearby deli, but you get what you pay for.We paid about £175 per night and I would definitely check in here again, in fact I'm very keen on checking out other W hotels in the future.Special thanks go to Walter at the front desk for his good cheer and top-class service, and Dana in the Spa for a great massage. In the end, it's the staff that make the hotel wherever you are, and I have no hesitation in recommending the W. Unless you are allergic to black paint, that is.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great Place To Stay !!	I just returned from a three day stay at the W in Times Square and having nothing but nice things to say. From the moment we got out of the cab, we were treated with respect and the staff was very friendly. We arrived several hours early and the room wasn't ready. So the hotel stored our luggage for us and we went out sightseeing. They gave us a call when the room was ready. The hotel is in a fantastic location in Times Square. The staff had great reccomendations for sightseeing and how to get to our destination. Yes, it's a little dark, yes it's the hip place to be, but I don't know what the big fuss is about. Did you come to NYC to see the sights and sounds or to spend 99.9% of your time stashed away in your room? We had everything we needed in our room; two double beds, frig, bathtub, tv, ironing board, etc...So if you're looking for a place to stay where you can literally step out the door and you're in the middle of Times Sq, this is the place to be. If you want to stay in your room 24/7 and miss all the excitement and everything that NYC stands for...well I don't know where to send you, because I wouldn't stay in a place like that. But if you really want to stay locked up...I'm sure they'll let YOU stay too.	
Mar 19 2008 	W times square stands for Wonderful !!!!!!!	March 16, 2008Just returned from New York city, to see a broadway show and other attractions, this hotel was fabulous, great location, The hotel staff were fantastic, the hotel is very modern. The room was spotless and a decent size. we had two double and were very comfortable. We were in walking distance to every where we wanted to go. By best friend and her daughter who is fourteen and my daugher who is 13 years old absolutely loved it here and had a great weekend that they will always remember.!!!!!! .	
Mar 17 2008 	lots of style not much substance	Lighting too dark - even could not read the lift numbers to get to our room. Room was small and dingy (all grey and monochrome). No bath only shower in the room we had. Hardly any space in bathroom for toiletries. Not much space to hang clothes.NO TEA OR COFFE SERVICE IN ROOM and BREAKFAST NOT INCLUDED in our v. expensive room rate.Room service charged ridiculous prices for delivery to room then we had to tip the delivery person as well. All US taxes add a big amount to what you see and what you actually have to pay over. This hotel looked fabulous but the small details let it down. we stayed 3 nights and on our first morning were woken by bedside alarm clock (set by previous occupant) for 5.30 am (we could not find any instructions to turn it off so evenutally had to move bed to unplug it!) .. Very thoughtless of staff not to cancel this sort of thing given they pride themselves on doing whatever / whenever! Ordered room service pizza one night which was DREADFUL - really bad that you can't get a decent pizza esp in New York - we did complain and they (begrudgingly) refunded our account for the value of it but not the point as it spoiled our night	
Mar 11 2008	Don't Waste Your Money!!!!!	Do not waste your money saying here. I am a travel agent and have been to New York City on many occasions. I normally stay at the Crowne Plaza Times or Marriott Marquis; however, I wanted to try something different. At check-in everything was fine until we headed up to our hotel room. As I entered the room, the vast space portrayed by images on the hotel's website were merely an illusion. The rooms were very small. The Crowne Plaza and Marriott have much more hotel space and are just as expensive as the W. The staff was rude and the bathrooms were dirty. I complained about the situation at hand and the staff correctly moved me into another room. Although this new room was just as dirty. Neither would I book any of my clients here nor would I ever return to that hotel. Trust me, if you stay here you will be VERY disappointed. Please, do not waste your money on this hotel!!!	
Mar 10 2008 	Perfect hotel perfect location	I stayed at the W hotel for our anniversary. We were greeted in the pouring rain by one of the valets carrying an umbrella who helped us with our bags which was not easy. We were directed to go to the Lobby which is on the 7th floor. Check in was quick and we were able to get in our room right away. The room is a decent size with Bliss Spa amenities, flat screen, view of Times Square (blackout curtains so you can sleep at night) and a very comfortable bed. We went to the Lobby Bar for a drink and Blue Fin to grab lunch. Service was amazing and friendly. The location is perfect for shopping, going to the theater or just about anything. The only thing I have to complain about which is very minor, but how about updating the hair dryers! :) I would suggest bringing your own. Overall a fantastic stay. I think I found my new home when I stay in NY!	
Mar 7 2008 	Would NOT Rec. This Hotel	Stayed @ the W Times square while working at a convention. The staff was wonderful and the hotel was awful. The lobby is very sophisticated, impressive though pretentious. The walls are black throughout the hotel - even in the bathroom. Very difficult to see. The hotel did not have individual thermostat controls in the rooms and we were on the 40th floor - we could barely breathe it was so hot and if you opened the window at all you couldn't sleep due to the Times Square noise that &quot;never sleeps&quot; - either did we. It was dingy and dirty. Like trying to sleep in a night club - the outside lights were disco all night long. We had an engineer tape the blinds down to block the light, gave us a humidifier and a fan and still it was unbearably hot and dry in the room. The midtown holiday inn is actually better than this hyped hip hotel!	
Feb 23 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	I originally wanted to stay at the Westin Times Square but due to a sudden price increase looked elsewhere. I had read some pretty mixed reviews about the W Times Square but how wrong they were.We arrived at the hotel November 15th 2007, around 1:30pm and were greeted from the moment we stepped out of the cab; asked if we wanted our bags seen to which I declined and were told that the check-in lobby was in the 7th floor (I think!) how anyone can not know this is beyond me considering it tells you in the elevator! The downstairs and check-in lobby are beautifully decorated, upstairs had a nice atmosphere and there was someone at each check-in point for which we waited only waited a few minutes. Asked why we were in NY etc I told him it was my girlfriends birthday and were given a corner room on the top floor of the hotel with great views and offered a bottle of champagne.The room itself is very modern, was clean and everything in working order, the bed was amazing and didn't want to leave. Minibar is a ripoff but what hotel isn't?We ate in the Blue Fin restaurant downstairs for both breakfast and dinner and both the food and service was fantastic. Only went in the lobby bar once just because we spent most nights out and about or were too tired, it was quite lively but not overally so and had no problems then or any other night with the atmosphere or outsiders.On check-out I filled in the quick form and left our bags with the desk while we spent the rest of the day out, on return out bags were promptly returned and we left the hotel in a taxi treated as well as when we arrived.Although perhaps slightly geared towards younger couples of singles we saw plenty of mixed age groups including families with children, overall we had a great time and would definatley stay again.	
Feb 20 2008	W is for What a rip off	Stayed there for business. Lobby is on the 7th floor and the rooms are TINY and not very clean. For $369 plus tax they had the courtesy to charge $8 for a bottle of water. A rip off even for Manhattan standards.	
Feb 19 2008 	Contemporary design but outdated building	My wife and I recently spent three evenings at the W Hotel Times Square in New York. We are frequent travelers who prefer upscale hotels with excellent amenities. Having stayed at several W Hotels before (including another W Hotel in New York), we were excited about our upcoming stay. Our rate was approximately $400 per night but included a bonus third night free.The hotel is in an excellent location in the heart of Times Square. The check-in service was quick, though it can be a bit like trying to order a drink in a crowded club (the desk is located just across from the hotel’s very active bar). You also begin to notice how dark everything is, including the lobbies and the elevators; if you are a person who craves sunlight, your time here will not be pleasant. Once in the room I found it to be an acceptable size (based on NYC standards) and nicely finished. The furniture is contemporary and sleek with a touch of ‘wow’ factor. The bathroom is well done but lacks privacy. Only a thin plastic wall and matching door separate it from the rest of the room, offering little barrier to light and sounds. Also, the bed used is a far cry from the Heavenly Bed used in other Starwood offerings, offering a surface far below most pillow top mattresses.One item that came to be an issue during my stay was the temperature and ventilation control for the room. I’ve read other mentions of problems here on the site and it seems to not be an isolated issue. You may have no problems at all in your room, or you may find yourself in a mini-sauna for the durations of your visit… it’s a gamble. Another issue this hotel does it’s best to deal with (and gets mixed results for) is the noise level. Double-pane windows keep much of the city noise out, but thin doors mean that you will hear the neighbors as they come and go. Mixed reviews also have to go to the hotel staff. Nice touches abound (such as cupcakes and hot chocolate at the front desk) but a lack of willingness/ helpfulness in addressing problems result in low overall marks for service.After staying in some excellent W Hotel/Starwood properties, as well as some other good NYC hotels, I can only recommend the W Times Square to those who wish for easy access to the hotel’s on-site nightlife. Despite the convenient location and ultra-hip decor, it cannot make up for the glaring problems at the high price level.	
Feb 18 2008 	liked but getting aged	like this hotelbeen there several times must say first time was opening year so it made a strong impression in usloved the bar/rest at street level and lobby/baralso expensive gift shop, still listen very often to several cd bought thererooms little small but liked the bath window connectedlast visit room looks very worn think it needs a full rebuild in order to keep the original level its a trendy/worn hotel for young peoplelocation is unbeatable in times square	
Feb 17 2008 	The W -- Trendy Hotel in Times Square	W Times Square is a very trendy hotel. Upon entering the lobby from the ground floor, you experience a water fall on the ceiling. It's cool! You have to take the elevator to the 7th floor to check in. The elevator plays cool, funky music, not the typical Muzak you here. On Floor 7, you will find the Whatever, Wherever congierge, the living room/bar and check-in. You have to take separate elevators to your room--it's an added safety feature so that bar-goers do not go up to the floors with the rooms. You will have to put your room card in the slot for the elevator to work. The hallways of the room floors are dark--that is one of my only complaints. It goes with the trendy vibe but I think the walls are black, lending to a cavelike feel. If you have poor vision, beware! The rooms are great. The mattresses can't be beat. The linens are soft and the satin comforter is wonderful! Loved the flat screen tv. My only other complaint was the shower. There is only half of a glass door. Kind of strange. The water won't flood over even though you think it will. I would have enjoyed the shower more if there was a full curtain or shower door. There are sliding doors to the bathroom without a lock. There's no fan in the bathroom. I did miss turn down service. For the amount of money, it should be something that is included, not something you have to ask for. I also enjoyed the Bliss products. The Blue Fin offers a tasty breakfast menu. It is a bit pricey but it is located right on the ground floor of the hotel. It's convenient. There are tons of Starbucks around if that is more up your alley. Overall, our stay was great, comfortable and we would return.	
Jan 24 2008 	Worst Service Worst Staff	I planned my NY trip 4 months ahead and I made my hotel reservation 3 months before. Everything was going fine, made my confirmation call to make sure my reservation is good....however when my friends and I arrived at the hotel, the staff (not kind, no smile) began to look for other available rooms on her computer. Later she was saying, &quot;We ran out of the rooms you reserved, if you like to get the room you reserved, you have to wait till we give you a call&quot; When I asked her how long, she just said we have to wait till they give us a call. (wow, unbelievable)What is the point of making a reservation? Yes, people make reservation so that they do not have to wait for their room at arrival. Still at this moment, there was no apology from this staff. After complaining for 5 mins, I was able to talk to their 'manager' and he was busy trying to explain what was happening instead of apologizing. After another complaining for 5-10 mins, the manager ended up calling the cleaning lady to clean up our room in hurry. 3 months ahead-Reserved room, not ready? Never seen this before.After 40 mins of waiting in the lobby we were able to get our room. On the 3rd day, at 2 am in the morning, fire alarm goes off and put all the people in panic. Couldn't sleep. Service- zeroStaff- zero	
Jan 22 2008 	Wow or Waste of Time?	WE booked the &quot;W&quot; then I looked at the reviews on Trip Advisor . As they were mixed I felt nervous that I'd booked the right hotel! We arrived and all the doorman were brill ( Thankyou &quot;TJ&quot;) The hotel is very modern and contempory. You walk through the lobby and get the lift to the 7th floor where the reception is!We was told that our room was on the 40th floor. We had to put our room card in a slot in the lift then press our floor number. I dissagreed with other reports that some thought this was too much and a pain! I loved the extra security as we were 3 women alone and knowing that you could only use the lift if you had a room key was a comfort!We had a fab room on the 40th floor overlooking &quot;Broadway&quot; which was great! The room was modern, very comfortable beds with everything we needed and quiet, we didn't have any noise at all! .I agree with other reports that the corridoors are dark,as they're keeping the flow of the modern feel, and if you suffer from poor vision then perhaps this isn't the hotel for you!All in all would I go back? Yes I would! My 15 year old daughter would love this hotel ! It's perfectly placed for all the shows which are within mins walking distance!The &quot;Blue Fin&quot; restaurant is good with live &quot;Jaz music&quot; and the hotel bar is buzzing!	
Jan 21 2008 	A Hip Hotel in Times Square	My husband and I stayed at the W Times Square in December. We picked this hotel becuase it was hip and modern and felt that it would provide the experience that we were looking for, while costing the same as other hotels in the area. Loved:- the location in Times Square, within walking distance to Rockerfeller Center (Top of the Rock, NBC Studios, Saks), 5th Avenue, Radio City Music Hall, Broadway , MOMA etc. and many great restaurants (Bobby Van's and Carmine's) and shopping- the bar on the 7th floor was always busy with hotel patrons and the after work crowd and a great place to hang out after dinner.- the hotel was clean- the music in the elevators and in the room (CD)- the comfortable bed! - the big shower- the complimentary Bliss bath and body products!- the view from the 39th floor of the Wonderful roomAfter reading the reviews, and looking through the pictures, we were prepared for what we got- it's not luxurious, but it definitely has a young, hip feel to it. This is not a classic hotel- the hallways are black and the reception is on the 7th floor along with the bar- so it's really important to decide what type of experience you are looking for. This hotel may not be ideal for older travellers looking for a contemporary experience and those with kids. Overall, we were very happy with our stay and would stay there again.	
Jan 16 2008 	Fading Fast	I have stayed in the W Times Square probably 20 times over the last three years, and reluctantly, I have decided not to go back until they renovate or make changes. Here are the key problems:1. Rooms have deteriorated badly. They have become markedly dirtier, and are fraying everywhere. Desk chairs are broken, and furniture is chipped and worn. Lightbulbs don't work, and walls are scuffed. Hall carpets and walls are dirty, so it is probably a good thing they have very dim lighting. Many rooms smell of smoke.2. Despite my going there very frequently, and being an SPG premier member, I never receive any benefit from the hotel -- in contrast to the W Union Sq, which upgrades me and provides little comps. Every time I go, it is like the first time I have ever been there as far as they are concerned.3. Don't bother with the Whiskey, downstairs, which is ten years past its prime.The best things about the place remain the sushi and food at Blue Fin, and the location. Options have expanded in the Times Square area, however, so I would look elsewhere. If you like W hotels, the W Union Square is the best one they have in the city by a longshot.	
Jan 14 2008	Hip 	Booked the W for an evening in New York. Went with 3 girlfriends. Hotel was uniquely contemporary with candles, waterfalls and dark walls. Fun to sit in Living Room Bar late into night. This is definately for a younger crowd. (We're 50...more geared towards 25-40's). Hotel room was a little worn. Also, hotel room and bathroom small.We found service to be very good. Overall, it was a unique experience, but if you are more traditional, have kids and are 50+ don't think this hotel is for you. The Westin or Marriott, etc are a better choice.	
Jan 12 2008 	A good stay at another W	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night over Thanksgiving. This was apparently our 5th stay under my name as the hotel gave us a small gift marking the occasion (a set of thick cards covering walking tours of different parts of NY -- very neat &amp; useful).The rooms are small but the interiors are arranged well enough that they are quite functional. I find the W beds to be very good. Not so much for the sheets &amp; duvet -- which are good but nothing exceptional -- but for the firm mattress. We were celebrating our 10th anniversary &amp; the hotel staff surprised us with a corner room on the top (57th) floor. Stunning views! They also had a small plate of chocolate-dipped strawberries in the room with happy anniversary written in chocolate -- a very nice touch.We didn't stay in the room very much or use the hotel's facilities extensively on this stay. I used the gym, which is small but has well-maintained equipment. (We've eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at Blue Fin in the past and enjoyed the food. I actually look forward to room service at this hotel as the quality is good and the selection extensive.)The doormen &amp; desk staff were friendly &amp; had no attitude whatsoever -- rare in a somewhat stylish hotel in NY! The location is a plus or a minus, depending on what one is looking for. It works well-enough for us -- we can walk to the park &amp; get downtown easily enough via cab.We'll surely stay again, though we wouldn't bring our daughter along due to the small rooms.	
Jan 10 2008 	Not up to Starwood or W standards	The staff was not very friendly although the security &amp; concierge were helpful. The rooms were worn out, small, with bad lighting. I stayed at another W Hotel in New York and it was much nicer. I would not stay here for the price. It is a 3-star hotel at best for a 4-star price, and given W's 4.5 star reputation, it was a huge let down.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great Location	I think your experience at this hotel is really the luck of the draw. It's in a fabulous location, obviously, but very different. The lobby is on the 7th floor, elevators open out into what we dubbed as &quot;the dicso&quot;. Very funky, dim lighting, vibrant reception staff. Trendites everywhere. We had two different rooms, as due to flight changes, they couldn't add another night onto our original eight-night booking. We had to have separate bookings - &amp; a separate room, which we found a little ridiculous with today's technology! The promised 'personal transfer' of our baggage after the first night into the new room never occured. By 4pm, no move, no new room etc. After shaking them up, we were eventually moved to another room nearby on the same floor. The elevators and corridors (as per other comments), are certainly very dim. Our corridor (37th floor) always smelled badly of old kitchen/garbage smells. On a positive note, the beds and pillows are fabulous and very comfy. On the negative side, our room was extremely stuffy and the aircon had one temp. &quot;Hot and Stuffy&quot;!. We complained several times but it was never fixed, or perhaps could not be. Therefore, we had bad nights' sleep as it was so warm, but to open the window (which we did often) was extremely noisy with the traffic and continual sirens from the street below. Also, in our 8 nights in this room, three bulbs went, bedside and two in the bathroom. We had to continually ask for them to be replaced, one in the bathroom was never replaced and it is so dim in there it made it even dimmer! Also, there is very little place in the bathroom or the room for that matter to place your goodies. Shelfless, modern, grey, clutter free design I suppose. No sofa or comfy chair to sit on - only your bed. As I noted above, your experience here would be luck of the draw as a girlfriend who travelled with us had the opposite problem with her aircon in her room, 10 floors above. It was blowy and cold! It's a fine place to stay if you like the dim, mod look, location is great, clean, staff friendly and bright (you don't get this from too many New Yorkers it seems!). Just bring a torch!	
Jan 9 2008 	overrated worn out and dirty	We've had a corner room (3907) for several days just before New Year's Eve. The room has W's typical bed, which was quite comfy. The flat-screen TV was also OK, decent choice of free TV and pay-per-view. The concierges were helpful and friendly, though you have often to wait 10-15 minutes. However, that's about all the praise for this hotel. Now for the bad part: The walls are really really thin, so if your neighbour is coughing, you'll check if he might be standing in your room. 3907 is right next to the ice-machine and the ice-machine-room-door is not closing properly, so you'll hear quite some banging. The bathroom is tiny and hasn't been properly cleaned in ages (water stains everywhere). The TV-sideboard has a 5-inch-gap between the drawers and the mini-bar - that gap was probably the dirtiest place I have seen in any hotel in the past few years. The glass-table was also as dirty as one could imagine it to be; the fingerprints that were there upon arrival were still there upon departure. Many people bring pizzas or coffee from the neighbourhood into the hotel, so don't be surprised to see all the fast-food junk in the corridor (and don't let me even mention the smell).W makes a big deal about its design - don't let it fool you. Design translates here into minimalism in all aspects, not into quality. I believe that there are better hotels at much better rates, even considering the W's prime location.And, lest I forget: We've left our luggage for storage (our flight home was only in the early evening) and had to learn that they were unable to retrieve it. After some searching, it turned up: dumped and unattended in a darker corner of the lobby. Not something you want to see if your laptop and other valuables are in the trolley. No excuse from the staff - they couldn't have cared less.	
Jan 4 2008 	Wow!!	Wow!! We just got back from a fabulous one night trip to NYC. The W Times Square was fantastic to say the least, the concierge was extremely helpful, reccomending a great restaurant near the comedy club we visited.The hotel was absolutely gorgeous, very hip and trendy! Our room was beautiful, we stayed in a &quot;spectacular&quot; on the 49th floor and had a gorgeous view of both the Hudson &amp; Times Square.We had some issues with our TV remote, and maintenance was on it in just 5 minutes. We were also able to check in nearly an hour earlier than we anticipated.Overall we had a great experience and would love to do it again as soon as possible!	
Jan 1 2008	W must stand for the "Worst"?	I was shocked at the condition of this place. I've had very nice experiences in the past with hotels in the Starwood chain so it was unbelievable to me that there was mold in the shower...:disgusting &quot;crud&quot; around the baseboards , a light fixture in the shower that was hanging off the wall.....and the room was so hot we couldn't sleep. They were nice enough to bring us a fan and tell us to &quot;just open our windows&quot;......a great idea for a restfull night in the middle of Times Square huh?  No question, it's very convenient to theatre and good restaurants but so are lots of other places . So, if you are over 25 and not into the &quot;disco-prison&quot; decor, I'd advise avoiding it. There are lots of places near by, for less/or the same money and a lot cleaner and comforting after a great day in a great city.	
Dec 31 2007 	W stands for Worn Out	We just returned from a vacation with our three children. The W Times Square is not a great place to be with young children and we would discourage any family with young children from staying there.We were quite disappointed with the lack of cleanliness at the W Times Square. The bathrooms were filled with grime and grit. The rooms were dusty and the furnishings were tattered. Even though we complained, it took about three phone calls and 48 hours for the bathrooms to be cleaned properly. One of the light fixtures in the room was missing a bulb and it was never replaced during our stay.We did, however, find that the concierge at the W was extremely helpful and had good restaurant suggestions.	
Dec 27 2007 	W stands for Way Cool!	We were unsure whether to book the W or the Sofitel in New York for July 4th weekend. In the end we chose the W for the location. We were not disappointed! The hotel is super cool and in quite a nice spot in Times Square.The front desk upgraded us to the top floor corner room with a great view of the river - for free! They were so nice. The room was clean, a comfortable size and very trendy. Its a great place to stay if you want something different and fun. Good counter/desk space for a business traveller and enough of the noise and bustle for a tourist.BTW - go to the bar on the same level as the front desk. Awesome martini's and even those who don't drink can appreciate the ambiance. We had family come to meet us and they arrived early so they could hang out!	
Dec 20 2007 	Ultra modern and very dark!!	Hotel W Times Square is a great location for being fairly central for everything you need. This was my 11th trip to NY and I have to say by comparison, the worst hotel, I would not go back. However, the bed was very comfortable with nice feather pillows etc (but you get that now in Marriotts and Milleniums aswell). The view was ok (get better views at the Millenium UN Plaza) The whole hotel was very dark, black corridors, walls,ceiling and floor, bedrooms had all grey walls, woodwork and duvet covers and the rooms had seen better days and needed a bit of a revamp (not nearly as good as the Hotel W in San Francisco). If you like a bath check when you book as not all rooms have bath tubs, also Times Square has LOTS of flashing lights and again, you may want to either pick a quieter location or check where the room is. Overall it was ok, but have stayed at better hotels for the price and personally it was all a bit to grey for me!!	
Dec 14 2007 	Nothing Spectacular - Solid 3 1/2 Stars	Stayed here because friend had free night through AMEX points and rooms were ~$400/night. Room was fairly large, but odd shaped: maybe they blew the wall out of a utility closet for extra space? Nothing about the hotel stands out except for the real grass growing by the elevator in the lobby and the location.Bed was nice, room was clean, but odd shape of room made it feel like I was in basement slumber party. Would not stay here for recent rate of $600/night unless location is essential.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great hotel and experience	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 1-night visit in the middle of December to experience NYC and see all the sites during the holiday season. It's certainly a must if you are going to visit NYC. The lobby was sleek and stylish and the front desk was helpful. The rooms are great and even have the heavenly soft beds (haven't slept that good in a long time). Our view over looked the Reuters building (NYC skyline) and you can see Times Square but understand you are about a block away. Probably the only time I had no problem with paying (over $300/night) and this hotel is definitely worth the price.	
Dec 10 2007 	What a let down	As I sat in the lobby waiting for the front desk to sort out my payment, I took in the sights of the extremely fake porters complimenting all the women who came in and fishing for tips (they preyed mostly on the older crowd who looked like they had money). It was quite sickening. When I finally got to go to my room, the door was directly across from the elevator (I'm talking, step out of the elevator, take one step and have your face in my door.) The hallway was black with very bad lighting. Definitely form over function - have your key out before you get off the elevator.In the room, the furniture was old and battered and the sink had huge cracks in it. The bed was very comfortable but that was the ONLY saving grace and definitely not worth the $600 they were charging per night.Hopefully I won't have to stay here again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Over priced worn out hotel	The hotel is over priced and run down. Our towels were frayed, dead roaches on the floor and on our bed, chrome racks in the bathroom rusty, bathroom vents and the floor were dirty. Furniture worn and overall a poor experience. My wife and I will never go to another W Hotel.	
Dec 4 2007 	W-onderful Time	Just returned from a busy pre-Christmas get away with my 5 year-old son. The W was perfect! The location excellent for the shows and access to all the NYC Christmastime events. I wouldn't necessarily think of this as a &quot;family&quot; hotel however, it worked for us.Room was comfortable, amenities were all from Bliss. Hotel staff were gracious and overly outgoing to my son. The Blue Fin restaurant at breakfast was delicious and reasonable for a NYC restaurant.I thought this was superior to the W New York.	
Nov 30 2007 	Terrible Experience	I made reservations in December 2006 for my granddaughters &amp; I to stay at the W for the Thanksgiving Day parade in 2007. This was a Christmas gift to my granddaughters and I wanted everything to be perfect. I confirmed &amp; reconfirmed that we would have a room on the 22nd floor to watch the parade. This was a huge expense (almost $3,000 for the room for our stay) and it took me a whole year to save the money. We arrived 11/21 with great excitement only to find out that we didn't have reservations for a room on the 22nd floor. They were &quot;sold out&quot;...after making specific reservations a year in advance. I was horrified and terribly disappointed. We ended up on the 40th floor looking down on a miniscule parade. What got me most was that the staff simply did not care and I was offered no retribution at all. I know exactly what happened....somebody more important got the room I booked a year in advance. The W prides itself in &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; and they promise to deliver an experience unmatched in the hotel segment. Well, believe me they delivered an unmatched experience... a nightmare! I would not recommend it strictly because of their guest treatment.	
Nov 21 2007 	Cool modern decor in awesome location	We got a great deal on the room, which is regularly around $500 and we paid $279. The location, of course, is great. The hotel is sleek and modern which I prefer. The entry is cool if a little small, and the lobby is, too. The room was a decent size and very clean. The design is trendy and unusual. I would stay again for the price, but wouldn't pay over $500 for this room. Everyone on the staff was very friendly-someone even came around just to make sure we were enjoying our stay.	
Nov 20 2007 	Worst hotel for the price	This was absolutely the worst hotel for the price I have ever stayed in. I planned a surprise birthday weekend for my husband and another couple and decided to splurge and get the &quot;fantastic suite&quot; for each couple at a price tag of almost a thousand a night with all the tax and fees. To begin with, we were not able to check into our room until after 4 which was a serious problem as we had formal dinner reservations with a coctail party beginning at 5pm. It wasn't until I was nasty that they miraculously found the rooms were available. I had explained the same earlier in the afternoon and they said it would be no problem, but they kept moving the checkin time in 30 minute increments. Second, there was no coffee pot in the room! So the first morning when I looked around to make some coffee there wasn't a pot. I called and was informed that I could get it from room service. I figured that with the $5 delivery fee plus tax and tip it would have cost $20 for the pot of coffee. Ridiculous!Third, the rooms were so dark (supposedly romantic) that you couldn't even read a book. The elevators were so dark that you had to use the brail to figure out which button to push. Fourth, while I understand that they were trying to increase security, you had to use your room key to go up in the elevator. This is okay but they didn't work half the time. I tried to go down 2 floors to have coffee (from Starbucks) with our friends and had to go down to the lobby and be escorted up to my room, show ID, before I could get a new key. What a pain.I guess i could go on and on about the uncomfortable furniture, the bathrooms where nothing would stay on the sink or back of the toilet, but I guess I have said enough.I will NEVER stay in this hotel again!	
Nov 18 2007 	Trendy and expensive with fabulous view	This hotel certainly attracts a different crowd than other touristy hotel. The accent here is on the hip and cool. You can feel it the moment your cab stop at the front entrance. The service is a polite and friendly manner. The lobby is located on the 7th floor in a multicolor bar on the right and the 4 check-in desks on the left.My SPG status scored me a corner room on the 48th floor which a separate rows of speedy elevators brings me there in an ear-popping instance. The elevator and hallway is club-level lighting using spot lights, good for eyesights training. Unfortunately, in the her speedy time to get off the clock, the check-in lady has given me the wrong key to the wrong room. Another speedy ride down the lobby took care of it.My WOW Fabulous room or whatever it is called is well as hip as the entrance. The dark spa-like tone is accented with some trendy touch here and there (white reading couch and red fluffy pillow). The room is larger than the usual NY room but just by a tiny bit. The two large windows flanking each corner provides good daylight to fill the room. The business desk gives a partial direct view down to Broadway (and the building in front) on one side and a great view to the Hudson river on the other (my favorite view). The windows can also be opened (limited) to remove stale air if needed. The room is equipped with a clock-CD alarm and a nice 32&quot; LG LCD screen with more HD programming than I have seen elsewhere. On the bad side, the wall is paper-thin and when you have noisy neighbor, the street sound is next to nothing. The W bed is fabulous, it tied with the Westin Heavenly Bed as my favorite. Turn-down service is performed every day around 6-7PM and the &quot;Not Now&quot; sign is observed.The bathroom is either an exercises of industrial coolness or just trying too hard to be different. I feels that it is more on the former, the attention to the details are not there: the sink is cracked, the shower leaks, screws are exposed. This is not the level of a $600/night room should look like even if it is in the middle of NY. The saving grace is the bath amenities, the Bliss products are superb. A warning for bathtub lovers, there is only standing showers.On the service side, after check-in in, I was thirsty and found that the VOSS water bottle seal has been broken but the bottle is full. I think the previous guess decided that the $4/bottle was too expensive after using it. I called down to the guest service twice but no-one answered, so much for the whenever-whatever service. I let the check-in desk know the next day and by the time that I left, the same water bottle is still there. On my third day, the ice-machine next to my door broke down and spill water all over the front of my door. A call downstairs and a noisy fan was put in to dry it up. The only thing is that they did not shut it off and I had to come out around 11PM to pull the cord so that I can go to sleep. The Blue Fin restaurant serves decent food. I once forgot my wallet on the table while going to my room to get my phone and my waiter noticed it and hide it for me, nice service here.Location wise, it is one of the hot properties in Times Square but getting a cab in rush hour can be a killer.In short, if you want a hip weekend stay, this may be the place for you. Otherwise, there are better alternatives.	
Oct 30 2007 	Cool lobby	We have just got back from 4 days honeymoon in New York staying at the W Hotel on Times Square. We got an upgraded room on the 53rd floor which had dual aspect windows overlooking Times Square. The room was fantastic with a huge bed and the bathroom was really cool. The only problem was the noise of the air-con units from the other hotels, it was really loud and with the sound of the traffic as well, ear plugs were needed. I know that Times Square is loud, but be warned!Don't expect too personal a service as the lobby has a very popular bar in it which non-guests use a lot, but the staff were only to pleased to help and we also got a complimentary bottle of champagne as it was our honeymoon. It wasn't cheap because of it's location, we paid $500 per night, but it was so handy for Broadway shows and shopping and you can easily see the big W on the side of the hotel if you can't remember the block number!Bags can be left before and after check-in for as long as needed and if it's raining they'll loan you an umbrella for the day.All together a very good place to stay, if a little pricey, but if you're only staying for a few days then it's worth it.	
Oct 27 2007	Decent hotel in the heart of times square	My husband and I stayed at the W Times Square with our 21 month old daughter for 5 nights. We are Starwood members, so we were able to use our 50% off rack rate coupon; the hotel was about $400/night with taxes (usually $800). Though the W is totally NOT kid friendly, we all had a blast, including our toddler. Everyone from the doorman to the checkin staff were excellent, and went out of their way to help us. They gave us a crib and a fan (to block out the city noise at night) which worked out really well. The Starwood cribs never have bumpers though, which is a total pain!! Her pacifier kept falling on the floor! Next time we stay at a Starwood property, I'll consider bringing a bumper with us. I loved the lobby's stylish decor, and totally felt right at home. The atmosphere is chic and modern, yet welcoming and cozy at the same time. Our only complaint is people under 21 are not allowed in the bar area. Since the &quot;bar area&quot; pretty much takes up the whole lobby, this can be a problem for little kids. My daughter walked about 3 feet away from me whiile I was chatting with the concierge, and the security guard immediately got on my case. We stayed on the 14th floor and our room was not too small. The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed ever! Much better than the Westin &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; if you can imagine that.... I love the use of space and various design elements, but sometimes the W sacrifices function for style. For example, the bathroom door does not lock (!) and the bathroom walls and door are made out of varigated translucent glass, so if you turn out the bathroom light at night, the entire hotel room is lit up. Stupid design, but it sure does look nifty. Also, the bedside tables are beautiful, but have zero storage space. Not even a single drawer to stash your books. I've stayed in a lot of hotels, most of which have really ugly hallways. The W probably takes the cake for &quot;worst hotel hallways known to mankind&quot; though. I think they are supposed to look hip and modern, but in reality they are just ugly black tunnels with absolutely no sense of grace or &quot;flow&quot;. Really quite shockingly bad considering how well designed the rest of the hotel is. We walked from the hotel to Soho ( a long walk, but very fun) and from the hotel to the Met and the upper West side. Times square is a great central location to explore the city!	
Oct 17 2007	Bring a Flashlight	The Fantastic Suite was a bit shy of fantastic. My wife and two daughters stayed for three nights. The location of the W is a big plus however it is unlike any hotel i have ever stayed in. The check in lobby is really a bar. The check in desk is tucked behind a wall in the bar on the 7th floor. It is so dark, it was a hit and miss in the elevator of over 50 floor buttons to choose from. The halls are a total black out. The rooms are very dark also especially the bathroom. The rooms were not very clean either.The bed was so uncomfortable it was hard to sleep. However if highlighters, scotchtape and a stapler are something you require during your stay they were in the room. The guys that worked the street door were great but from there on I would not reccomend this place. I will not stay there again.If you do bring a flashlight or learn braille.	
Oct 15 2007 	expensive frat house	Toronto/Canada Just came back from three nights at the w times square for which I paid 569. a night. The location is great . The entrance small but nice. There the positive ends. The staff are like the cast of a bad play. With the exception of one very nice young women at the concierge desk. THE ROOMS ARE FILTHY! The first room we were given had a broken door, dirty floors and and an unclean sink and toilett. Sent us up to the 54 th floor with an adjoining room door where we had the privledge of listening to a couple argue and vomit one night and have noisy sex the next. The lobby or living room as they like to call it is a noisy dark bar filled with people who drink to the point of vomitting. The decor is cheap and unattractive with a side of uncomfortable. The robes are cheap nylon blend and seldom laundered. The bathrooms are the dirtiest I have ever seen in a hotel. Overcharged me on my bill. We didn't try the restaurants but they were always empty even when other places had line ups. This is the worst hotel I have stayed at in any country. Don't waste your money.	
Oct 12 2007 	Very chic	Stayed here with my girlfriend during one of our first stays in New York (decided to look into the Westin after). The hotel is extremely chic and very trendy! Starting from the entry lobby off Broadway in Times Square (very, very, very good location!!) to the lobby upstairs... This hotel knows how to be trendy and elite!The room was standard, but a corner room. It had a very modern Japanese feeling to it. Everything was jet black, including the dark hallways, and quite small feeling. The music CD provided was a nice touch and provided good background music during time in the room. The one thing that I didn't like was the bathroom. The walls and door were made of a thin Japanese paper like material that didn't block sound and was just translucent. The bathrooms were by definition, &quot;chic,&quot; but wish they were more practical.The drinks in the lobby bar were very good. A good place to grab a drink to start off your big night in the city. Concierge was pretty helpful, although he always seemed busy. The check in people were fast and did a good job.I would recommend this hotel to young, hip couple-travellers, but families and tourists should steer clear! For the same price you could get a room at the Westin that's 2x larger.	
Sep 11 2007	Wicked W	A five night visit to New York with our twin daughters to congratulate them on A level success before they go off to University. I researched lots of hotels and as their reaction to the W was &quot;wicked&quot; sounds like I got it right. (Funny how our language is changing.) Minimalistic design is the current trend and is quite appealing, particularly with the younger generation.Reception at the door very friendly, staff at front desk efficient and helpful, other staff we met just the same.First impressions really good and remained so throughout our stay. Our bedroom was large, the attached living room with sofa bed large also, good facilities, impressive view of Broadway, very well positioned for easy access to all the sights.New York certainly knows how to take your money from you.The W is priced similar to most NY hotels of this standard but it's expensive nevertheless, we didn't use the restaurant because of cost but it was also more fun to dine out especially with such a great choice of deli's nearby.If you stay in Times Square you've got to like lights, crowds and music but it's a fascinating place to be and the hotel provides a very modern, sophisticated and quiet retreat. Go for it!Mike BaylissCheshire. UK.	
Sep 11 2007 	Amazing hotel stunning views!!!	We have stayed in several hotels in NY and this is by far the best! we were on 46th floor and had a corner room so had 2 views which were amazing and looked fab day and night, this was over times square, you cant get much better than that!!! When we arrived we fell in love with all the water falls that surround you and then you go up to the lobby and its very modern but has a warm cosy feel, loads of comfy sofas and beautiful flowers, everywhere immaculate at all times.The staff were very friendly and always helpful so the service we were very impressed by.The room was fab its perfect for NY sleak simple and unclutered which after a long day shopping is perfect, i partulally liked all the soft lighting in the room and hotel. The bed was soooo gorgeous I didnt want to get up most mornings!The location was great right in the heart of New York, yes you do hear a little traffic noice eg sirens now and then but come on this is new york city!!!2 points, internet you have to pay for $16.95 in the room for broadband connection or free in lobby if you can get a signal!and there was no coffee machine in room which we felt for $500 a night room this we should have had!I would definatley stay here again and if you prefere a more classic american style then this isnt the hotel for you, if you do your research on the hotel group you will know what their style is like and you wont be disapointed.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great	We are just an average couple, both work very hard, vacations are few and far between and we had a great time at this hotel. After staying at cheaper hotels in Manhattan in the past (bear in mind high rate where we come from would be $120/night so we thought $200 wouid be sufficient - NOT!!), security was a big thing for us and we felt comfortable at this hotel. We read that the rooms were small, but we found them average size. Staff were VERY friendly and accomodating. We are not pretentious and certainly not hip, but we had a great time :).The bed was great, the cleaning staff were immaculate, the Bliss bath products were lovely and we had a pretty good view of Times Square. If you are a fragrance person, you will appreciate the cool aroma of gardenias (??) after a long day of trapsing a not always &quot;rosy&quot; smelling city. We will be back	
Sep 6 2007	very modern	Very nice hotel. Great modern hotel. Everything is a little dark because of the style but this is a happening hotel. The bar in the Lobby was awesome. Good location and excellent service.	
Aug 27 2007	Great customer service	Stayed 3 nights and were very pleased with the staff responsiveness to all requests. They have an excellent can-do attitude which was refreshing. The rooms are small with minimalistic decor. The bathrooms are very tiny- with a stall shower and no countertop space for personal toiletries. We found space for our stuff on the rack below the sink. The bed was very comfortable, decent closet space with safe, and the Bliss amenities were excellent.The location is terrific located on 47th just off Broadway so everything was accessible by foot. The only problems we noted were the connecting room doors are very thin and we heard every conversation held next door- and the dark hallways and elevators, while attractive made it difficult to navigate.We'd stay there again, but would suggest if you are older and/or have any vision problems e.g., reading menus in candlelight, you'll have problems in the elevators and hallways so consider another hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Tries Too Hard to be Hip	My 20-something wife and I stayed here for a weekend getaway to celebrate her birthday, and were very impressed with the location and friendly service. Unfortunately, even with these factors working for it, W New York - Times Square tries too hard to be trendy and ends up pulling off a forced style that's neither cutting-edge nor inviting. The hotel's futuristic &quot;living room&quot; felt more like a nightclub than a lobby, and the pulsating techno music and light show blasting on the suspended pillars only added to this effect. Another thing that hit us as soon as we walked in was the floral air-freshener scent permeating the entire building. This might have been pleasant were it not so overwhelming. After discovering that our room wasn't ready at check-in, we left our bags with a polite concierge and walked around Times Square. The desk associate said she would call me when my room was ready, but after 3 hours and no call we headed back, ready to take whatever room they had. A high-speed elevator sped us to the 44th floor and discharged us into a dark, spaceship-like hallway with black walls and extremely low lighting. It was like walking into a laser tag building. I was hoping our room would be more inviting than the hallways, but the steel-gray color scheme and cold metallic accoutrements made the already tiny space feel closed and uninviting. One of our pillows was stained and dirty, and the chipped paint and worn fixtures throughout hinted to frequent use, infrequent maintenance or both. All services inside and outside the room will cost you a pretty penny on top of the mint you've already paid for the room itself. Even the bottled water, which is free in most of the lower-tier Sheraton hotels, was $6 a bottle. Yikes! For a hotel rated so high by Starwood I expected much more. On the bright side our &quot;spectacular room&quot; view lived up to its billing, and the shower was great. The location is superb, but for the price there is better to be had in midtown Manhattan. I probably &quot;W&quot;on't be staying here again.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Visit	My husband, son (7 yrs) and I stayed at the W in Times Square for 2 nights in early August. The service was excellent - very friendly and attentive (without being in your face). We stayed on the 50th floor and had a great view straight down Broadway. The room was very quiet and comfortable - the beds were SO COZY! We enjoyed dinner at the hotel restaurant one evening. The food was excellent - the sushi was particularly good. We will definitely consider staying there again on our next visit to NYC.	
Aug 11 2007	Always love this Hotel	I travel alone frequently and I love this hotel. I love the corner rooms for the great views, the VERY comfortable bed, the great shower and just the location for a little times square mayhem. I've stayed here several times and have never been disapointed. I'm not sure if the average family would appreciate it, but I love the place.	
Aug 9 2007 	Perfect for an experience of Manhattan!	Me and my family have just returned from a 9 night stay in the 'W' Hotel in the middle of Times Square. I have to say, that despite some of the reviews on here, I found it an absolutely fabulous stay and none of us wanted to come home! The maid service, concierge assistance, decor, quality of the rooms and the staff in general were all absolutely fantastic. The only down sides I can think of where when we received a phone call on around the 7th day to ask if anybody had been smoking in the room as the smoke detectors had been activated. We mentioned that none of us had smoked or ever smoked in our lives, they still proceeded to charge £200 to the account. We realised this under the 'account review' facility on the television in the room and we quickly alerted this to their attention and they quickly removed it. However, they had put it under the subject of 'restaurant charge' which I thought was rather sneaky, so make sure you check your account quite reguarly and make sure your stay is totalled up correctly. Also on the last day the toilets blocked in both of our rooms but the maid service was quick and it was fixed within the hour, so that wasn't a problem. On regard to the room, the showers also slightly overflowed in both rooms, but only slightly and bath mats are provided. It was my mother's and my birthday whilst we was there, and we received a teddy bear, a bottle of champage, balloons and two slices of cake which was very generous of them. I think this may have something to do with the fact that my father had had a lot of contact with one of the staff prior to arrival asking questions about New York in general as it was our first visit. Her name was Lydia Chaperone and she was incredibly helpful and made our trip perfect for us. She is definitely a credit to the hotel, so I would always ask for her assistance. Kelly on the concierge desk also got us into some great restaurants and shows during our stay and gave us some great advice which would benefit us financially instead of simply thinking about the hotel's income from ticket brokers etc. The location of the hotel is fantastic - right in the centre of Times Square and a couple of blocks away from Broadway. I can't really comment on the value of the hotel, as my father and mother paid for a suite and then from the points earnt at starwood hotels, they paid for our room with those. I personally think you get value for money as the rooms are quite big for a city and the staff were absolutely brilliant. However, my father suggested that next time if we were to come again, we may rent an apartment as it would most likely work out cheaper, but for first time New Yorkers, it's a great way to get a feel for the city and they guide you along the way with the best things to see and do. Manhattan is an absolutely fantastic place to be. It is the ultimate city in my opinion and I have visited many. Central Park provides a calm from the hectic city life and places such as Soho and Greenwich Village are not too busy as the main areas too and are great for a coffee and a walk to get a feel for New York. The people were very friendly too.All in all a great break and such a refreshing taste of life. If not a little crazy! But that's the way New York is, and that's what makes it so special.	
Aug 9 2007 	The W Hotel in Times Square	We just returned from a trip to The W in Times Square and had a great time during our first trip to New York because of the excellent service there! The first and best thing I have to say about the hotel is that the staff is so friendly and very accomodating. I had Michael at the concierge desk helping me, and together we planned the entire trip and he took care of arrangements for everything - even VIP seating at Yankees Stadium! Even an odd request for a restaurant that has white truffle macaroni &amp; cheese didn't phase them, they had a list for me the next day. The maids and front desk clerks are all very polite and professional as well. Two different nights they sent us bottles of champagne with chocolate-covered strawberries, on the house, and they also had a great doggy nanny service (yes, they take pets!)The rooms are small (we got an upgraded room but it was still tiny), but we knew NYC hotel rooms are tiny going in and the way they have the rooms decorated, they feel a lot bigger than they are. We had huge windows overlooking Times Square, and the room has block light walls and mirrors all over to give it an open feeling. The room (and the hotel) are decorated beautifully ... very modern and trendy, yet somehow classic as well. They were working on their lobby/living room but even through construction it is a stunning space. And the rumors are true - the best beds EVER, you are surrounded by down and the sheets were divine. Very soft, after a long day in the sun walking it was nice to slip into those cool sheets!Now to the (minor) negative things that prevented me from giving a 5-star rating - our air conditioning went down to 65 the first night, but after that it would stop running if we turned it below 69. We like quite a chilly room (especially with the heavy comforters on the bed) and the AC didn't really seem to keep up all the time. Another complaint is we saw a silverfish in the bathroom, it ran under a barely see-able crack in the floor before we could kill it but that was the only one we saw. Surprised us because the room and hotel look immaculate otherwise.Our only other complaint would be the noise - we were given a room right across from the maid's closet and in the mornings all we could hear were them constantly opening and closing the doors, getting stuff out, talking, vaccuuming, etc. There wasn't a lot keeping hallway noise out of the room. Also, you can hear the traffic from the street below. It never kept either of us from sleeping, but very light sleepers may want to be aware you will faintly hear honking and sirens all night long.Overall, not bad - we'd definitely stay here again but would request a room far away from elevators and maid's closets!	
Aug 6 2007 	Very Cheesy	Aside from the &quot;trying way too hard to be trendy&quot; atmosphere, the things that really make you roll your eyes are upstairs past the &quot;living room&quot; (aka lobby lounge). From the peep show motif hallways (black walls, black carpet, black ceiling, and black lights), and the hotel ammenities book in the format of a Benjamin Moore paint sample book to the Ikea gray on gray room furnishings and everything categorized under a &quot;W word&quot; ... the only ones that constantly came to mind was WHY and WHATEVER.The minor irritations are magnified by the annoying trendiness of the hotel .. such as, no turn down service: Leave your room a mess at lunch time .. the same mess will be there when you get back after dinner. No fresh towels, no straightend out bed, no mint on the pillow, no music playing in the room, etc - you know, the kind of thing that EVERY hotel on the planet does as a basic service. The room wasn't very clean especially the bathroom and the noise in the hallway was like having no door whatsoever. So, basically ... the W is all style and no substance. And the style is not for everyone and definately not for me.	
Aug 6 2007	Loved the Trendy decor	This is an amazing and stylish hotel, really trendy with great staff and the room was very comfortable. The view over the Hudson river was breathtaking. It is so well situated for everything and we had a great stay. The only down point was that when we got home we found that we had a very large amount charged to our credit card after we had left the hotel and setlled the bill which was outrageous so this slightly dampened the euphoria of our stay. We got it all back but it was a bit tedious having to fight our corner to get it back. A bit of a disgrace on the part of the hotel and we know that this happened to the 2 other couples we were with as well so they need to sort this out. However other than keeping a close eye on charges I would thoroughly recommend this stunning hotel.	
Jul 31 2007 	The W marks the spot.	This hotel is located ideally in the center of Times Square. The only problem with being so centrally located is getting to it by car. Once we got to the hotel, traffic diversions caused my wife and I to travel in circles for about 30 minutes until finally landing in the hotel's very tight driveway. I would suggest leaving the car at the airport and having a taxi or subway take you there. Besides... NYC is a great city to enjoy on foot, especially when your hotel is located near everything. You must proceed to a higher floor to check in. The lobby is adjacent to a super cool dance club/martini bar with music blasting deep bass notes that cause your body to magically start swaying from side to side. The clientelle of the club look to be straight off of a runway fashion show. I must admit my wife and I were a little intimidated by them, but secretly we could not stop staring at the beautiful people surrounding us. The rooms are like many we have seen at the W hotels, only slightly smaller. The contemporary furnishings are surprisingly comfortable, and the ultra modern bathroom fixtures are a lot of fun to figure out. The bed in particular was &quot;heavenly&quot; as described by the bellman who took us to our room. The staff of the hotel are very knowledable and less snooty than some we have experienced in NYC. They seem to genuinely care whether the customers are enjoying their stay and they time in NYC. We have stayed at hotels that provided much more in the way of amenities, but the W is what it is. A hip, modern, hotel. If you are into this style, then give it a try.	
Jul 26 2007 	Stylish experience but not relevant for a stay in Manhattan	The W Hotel at the Times Square is directly located on Broadway and 47th Street at the heart of the Times Square. As described already in other reviews, the hotel is very stylish, with the reception and lobby on the 7th floor. The regular rooms are going to the 33rd floor, above you have the upgraded rooms with very stylish names. The hotels interior is mainly styled in black, with the exception of the entry on the ground floor (water fall above your head) and the lobby on the 7th floor. I got an upgrade and styed for two nights on the 35th floor. The rooms are spacious with a king size bed, a large office desk and toilette/bath room. Thw room had two huge mirrors, a FlatTV and a nice shower behind a glas front. The rooms pretend to be very stylish, but made on relatively cheap materials from my judgement. Internet is not for free, breakfast I have not tried. The hotel owned restaurant 'Blue Fin' serves good fish food and was over-booked. Overall, a good hotel, but with 330 Dollar for a night not necessary cheap.For a more typical hotel experience, better try the Crowne Plaza, one block away and proper hotel feeling.	
Jul 25 2007 	Worst hotel in New York	Extremely disappointed with my stay at the W Hotel Times Square. Bit of an understatement, actually. I was apalled by the hotel and the attitude of the staff.During my stay at the hotel, employees of the hotel came in, had sexual intercourse, and left a used condom in my room while I was out. I found the used condom. Hotel staff responded by trying to tell me it wasn't a big deal, and person at the front desk thought it was hilarious. I spoke with the Hotel manager, Ana MacDiarmid. Although they know the people that came into the room having done an electronic lock inquiry, they have not taken any disciplinary actions on the employees. They offered me 2 free nights as an &quot;apology&quot;.Needless to say, their apology and their behavior leaves a lot to be desired. I've also filed this with the Better Business Bureau and the New York Department of Consumer Affairs. I am debating whether to file with the New York Department of Human and Health Services.I would avoid this hotel for any kind of stay.	
Jul 24 2007 	can't beat location	After reading the reviews I was a little uncertain if I had boked the right hotel for us. But upon arrival I could not have been more pleased. The customer service is exceptional. The location in times square, broadway and subway was great. And our room was well maintaned,with a fantastic view. And yes the halls and elevator are dark, there are young(30ish). people everywhere and the lobby fills with them but not so much that it was ever a problem. we are in our 50s and never felt out of place. I would definitly stay there again.	
Jul 10 2007	W not so wonderful!	Very unhappy-Hotel Location, Valet Service, Lobby, Desk great!!! Elevator and Halls dark, so dark you can't even see the elevator buttons.Entering room, you think maybe you are in an IKEA store. Bathroom is dirty/Accumulated dust on every baseboard/rack/Shower Mildewed/No exhaust fan-and enclosure is such that you can see shadow of every movement of those occupying the bathroom!! No hooks in bathroom, shelves are dirty/rusty and you don't want to put your clothes on them. Room is also very dark..very little &quot;good&quot; lighting, if it had been raining I cant imagine how dark it would have been..maybe this is on purpose to not notice the rooms are not clean.Room service tray left in hall of neighbor from 9PM Friday night until at least 11AM Saturday (when we left)-did not smell good.My last stay at any &quot;W&quot;.	
Jul 7 2007	Good and bad	The Spectacular room, which we had booked ( above 32nd floor), wasn't ready at 3:45, so we took a room on the 21st floor. The room was nice, and we got a thirty dollar discount for taking it.The big problem is that the walls are paper thin. Our neighbors got in while we were taking a nap. We heard, very clearly, that they were planning to attend a show at the Majestic Theater. After that, we heard them making love. None of this was loud. It was all in regular voices - just things I would prefer kept private. I'm sure they would have , too.I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jul 2 2007	would rather stay at the marriott	This hotel was way tooooo modern for my taste. It definately had a cool entrance with the water walls but the overall feeling is bleek at best. The hallways and room walls are VERY dark!!!!! The almost pitch black halls to your room have very tacky electric blue lights over the door. When you go in, the walls are covered in dark grey paint. The furniture was cool to look at but very uncomfortable. The bathroom was absolutely the worst I've ever seen!!!! 2 of the walls are glass shaded walls and has a sliding door. There is no privacy whatsoever!!! The shower was completely see through, all glass doors that don't lock, so the water goes all over the floor no matter what you try. Aside from the obvious very overpriced, the luggage was an issue. We asked the desk to hold our stuff, we waited 10 minutes and asked again....finally the girl behind the desk took it...but they take it to another floor in heaps, so you check it but then they leave it unattended until someone comes to take it downstairs. Most hotels have a convenient room by the desk so you don't have to wait. It was completely unorganized. Definately a nice place, just not my cup of tea AT ALL!	
Jun 28 2007 	wow times square	we stayed at the W in one of the fantastic rooms for a week in june for my 30th birthday, with a slice of cake waiting for us in the room it was a treat and then a bottle of champas on my actual b.day they added that personal touch, we felt the service was great , the location was amazing and yes as a lot of reviews had said the loby music was loud and dim lighting but if its too loud your too old! we thought the place was excellent by far up there on the top 5 places we have stayed in the world and we travel a lot! for NYC the room size was very good, and spacious, the only negative being the bathroom was hard for for my wife to do her makeup no bench top but it was way funky!We ordered breakfast in bed although pricey it was very nice as was the loby bar for a cocktail prior to heading out for the night.all in all i would HIGHLY recomend the W times square.	
Jun 25 2007 	Best hotel I've ever stayed in	This is truly the best hotel I've ever stayed at, for numerous reasons. The service was excellent, the room and view was beautiful, the modern deco of the entire building was fantastic, the bar/lounge was great, and the food was delicious. I went to New York City as a graduation present, and my mom just happened to mention that to one of the women who worked there. After we got settled into our room, that same young woman came up with a balloon and package of free souveniers for a graduation present, along with a handwritten card! It really made my trip. The room had a sort of modern art theme, and had two rooms (since we booked the large suite.) The view was magnificent. The beds were very comfortable. The art and setup of the room was unlike anything I've ever seen before. Even the minifridge was neat; it had all different types of snacks, products, even a tshirt and teddy bear! I admit they were expensive, but if you're the type to splurge every once in a while, it's for you. The furniture is both comfortable and creative. The room overall is just incredible. The lounge had a bar, and a bunch of cozy areas to sit and chat. In the evenings it's very busy (which is good if you want to meet people), but during the day and before 6:00 it's a quiet area to relax in. You could just sit there and look at the cosmopolitan modern decorations and furniture for hours and never get bored. It also has free internet acess, whereas in the room there's a fee. The lounge and lobby is on the second level; the first level is an entrance with water on the roof and walls (very worth seeing!) The room service, and everything else about this hotel was excellent! I give this hotel 10 thumbs up, if I had that many thumbs. If you can afford to spend some extra money, you defininately should consider the W in Times square.	
Jun 21 2007	Enjoyed evry moment of it!!!	From the moment the Taxi arrived at the hotel, I new we had it made as the location was just perfect. I have read all the reviews about the hotel, prior to our trip and was worried about the noise. we stayed on the 31st floor and did not hear a thing. The view was breath taking.The room was not be huge but It was perfect. The extra large beds and the soft pillows - made us feel as we if we were asleep on fluffy clouds.Very chic and very trendy.I wish we had more time to spend in the room, but we were out most of the time.The Blue finn restaurant is price. If you want a great meal , there is a great restaurant past Virgin megastore - called Maxie's. Their pound of warm Pastrami sandwihiches are to die for!The staff at the hotel were very friendly. I needed a phone charger, as the UK charger did not work ( due to the voltage difference), I was just about going to the shop to buy one, when I thought i would ask the concierge if he has one, and he was happy to lend me one.What did I find wrong? Why are the elevators so dark... ? its hard to see anything in there!!!The corridors are so dark too. Black!!! Why???Will I come back again? Yes Yes Yes! 10 out of 10.	
Jun 3 2007 	Not Happy With The W's Customer Service	I arranged for my daughter and a couple of her friends to stay here in April. I paid for the room 1 month before they arrived. I called a week prior to their arrival to make sure everything was in place and reserved a limo for their transfers from the airport. To began with a Sedan picked them up, not a big deal, but at the end of the stay my daughter was billed for a limo. She complained and they removed the charge. She also was charged for snacks that she didn't eat that was also credited. However, when my daughter arrived she gave the front desk her debit card for incidentals, they assured her there would only be a charge if she indeed used any of the services in her room. Her debit card was immediately charged $1500.00. I called and was told this was &quot;common practice in the industry&quot;. My daugher was told by the front desk the maximum amount charged should have only been $200 and they would take care of it immediately and call her bank. It took 6 days to finally get a credit of the $1500. Meanwhile, I had to transfer the funds into my daughter's account to cover her while she was in New York. I emailed the W and called them twice during this ordeal and was assured this would be taken care of immediately. It still took 6 days...	
Jun 1 2007 	Not a 5 star Hotel	The hotel´s entrance is really cool. The lobby is nice as well and for those who like staying in nosy places it´s the right hotel. But, when you get into the room, it´s a disappointement. The room is so small and the the room service is not so good. It´s not a great deal, I´d rather stay at The Palace NY.	
May 31 2007 	Not worth it	We stayed at this hotel over the Memorial day weekend. The location of the hotel, view from the room (Hudson River ) and staff were all great. But the room left a lot to be desired. There were stains on the blinds, the sink was cracked, the shower door didi't shut properly allowing water to get all over the flooor, and you could tell where they patched the shower. Tile/stucco actually stuck out from the rest of the wall. The shower head and pipe actually came out of the wall. Not to mention that it is quite small. I figured for $430 a night we would get something nice and spacious, I guessed wrong. Totally not worth it.Also the halls and elevator and dimly lit, in fact you may need to bring a flashlight into the elevator so you can see which floor you are selecting.The bar area is nice and the drinks are good, but over priced.	
May 29 2007	noisy small rooms semi private bathroom	We booked our room through American Express Platinum Services. We knew that the rooms were small, but were anticipating that the upgrade through AMEX Platinum would offer a larger room. When we arrived we found out that in fact all of their rooms were the same size, except suites, and that the upgrade was considered a higher floor. Also, breakfast was to be included which only ended up being a continental breakfast.with really lousy prepackaged muffins. Even though we were upgraded to the top floor, 57, we heard both street noise (sirens day and night, from the firestation located 2 blocks away) and noise from the ice-maker outside of our room. People were also partying both in their room and in the hallway and one could hear maids talking and doors slamming while we were in our own room. The so called bathroom was a frosted glass sliding partition, which offered very little space or privacy,In summary, this hotel is very overpriced, overrated, and we would not recommend it or consider staying there again.LauraPhoenix, ArizonaP.S. If you want a very nice hotel in the time square area, I recommend the Sofitel.	
May 17 2007 	Too Loud - Aloof Staff	The Marriott is right across the street and has the same Times Square noise issue to deal with - but they must have much better windows. I was on the 36th floor and it was still very, very loud.Also, there is little to no sound proofing between rooms and to the hallway. I was awoken by the alarm clock from the room next door and by drunken revelers getting in the hallway a different night.I am typically a very sound sleeper and live on a busy street in Lincoln Park (Chicago).Similar to another reviewer, I had a duplicate charge on my bill that I had to bring to their attention, but when I did, they removed it immediately.Finally, the hotel staff seem to like the idea of spending time in a trendy NY hotel but don't realize that it's work. They were quite aloof and not very helpful the couple of times that I interacted with them.On the bright side: it was very, very clean and a very convenient location in New York. However, I would never stay there again and would return to the Marriott, Westin or Hilton (or possibly a different W location).	
May 16 2007 	Bar or Hotel?	We chose the W Hotel Times Square to finish off our three stop honeymoon to the US. The hotel is perfectly located in Times sqaure and the entrance to the hotel is very impressive...... like being in a waterfall.Our check in was fine and the receptionist was very pleasant. However, several other members of the reception staff were pretty unhelpfull on several occasions. It seemed to be a problem for them to change travellers cheques and they imposed a $200 limit per room per day (which doesn't go far in Manhattan). On one occasion I was told that they didnt have much money so they would rather not change my travellers cheques. They did change their mind however when I persisted as it was our last day and we needed the cash for a taxi to the airport.Our hotel room was very comfortable and had impressive views of the Hudson River from one window and Times Square from another. The room had everything you need but was a bit small. However, I believe that all Now York bedrooms are small.The hotel was very trendy and had a really good vibe. It seemed to be the place to be in Times Square. However, it did seem to be that the focus of the hotel was on the bar(s) rather than the hotel guests and bedrooms. This, in my opinion, should be the other way around.I would certainly recommend the hotel, but if you are more on the mature side, it may not be for you. Also, if you dont walk around in Hugo Boss, Prada or Gucci, prepare to be looked at when you enter the hotel after 7.00pm on a weekend as everyone else seems to!Overall, the W Times Square wasn't perfect but it was very good and I would certainly stay their again.	
May 15 2007 	Close to Broadway theatres functional but not cheap.	I would generally approve of the hotel, but some technical caveats definitely apply. My wife and I stayed 4 nights (Thursday to Monday in mid-May, 2007). First of all, I booked through the Starwood hotel chain website, which seemed to make sense after poking around for endless hours looking at various hotel and booking options. The comparatively reasonable cancellation policy on their website appealed to me, and (prepare to contain yourself) you can redirect your Starwood points, or whatever they are, to certain other loyalty programs like Aeroplan. So I’m sure I saved two percent on the whole deal, and all those hours of travel surfing were not in vain. Note that to do this, you have to sign up in advance for a “preferred guest” card that they mail out to you, but it’s free to sign up. Anyway, for what was ostensibly a better than average room (i.e., corner room on 38th floor looking west across the Hudson river) we forked out $429 a night (plus taxes made it around $490 a night). Having never been to NY before we had no idea if this represented a “value proposition” when compared to other similarly pricey hotels. The hotel is newish, though the odd sign of wear is now visible. The staff did their jobs well on the few occasions we had to actually interact with them (ee.gg., at check in, to get a cab, breakfast servers in restaurant downstairs, send up a guy with replacement room key when ours did not work, leave bags behind for the day on our day of departure, buying stuff in the trendy hotel shop). The room was clean, large enough not to bump into things, the tap water was quite drinkable, the shower had good water pressure, there were lots of towels (some of which can be sacrificed to keep the shower from soaking the whole bathroom floor), the king bed was comfortable, the flat screen TV hanging on the wall had numerous channels and a DVD player (who stays in to watch videos whilst in NY, anyway?), there was a little el cheapo CD player, two nice comfy robes, and also an astonishing array of “W” brand crap that you can buy, laid out right there in the room like so many bags of chips. And, of course, an over-priced mini bar. We really did enjoy coming back to the room after pounding the NY pavement all day and falling onto the big plush bed, though I appreciate this sounds cheesy. Note that you will need top quality ear plugs at this hotel. The north end of Times Square is right below you, very brightly lit, full of much honking and many all-night sirens, and as a bonus the clowns down the hall on Saturday night will try to drain the ice machine (at least I think that’s what they were doing), shout at each other, and then lock themselves out of their room, in which room there may be a roommate, but there is only one way to find out if they are in there. Mind you, once you block out all the noise you can really appreciate the nice bed. We had the feather pillows, and they were a touch squishy, good for stomach sleepers, but I think next time I’ll ask for foam. Basically it is a good hotel, but I don’t quite get who the target market is. I am assuming the hotel is probably too expensive for most youthful lounge-and-club hipsters at whom the incessant sound track in the common areas seems to be aimed. The lighting in the elevators is so dim I actually had to bend over to read the numbers on the buttons (there’s brail on them, though, so I had that to fall back on). The hotel’s location is ideal for catching Broadway shows nearby, and quite central for most of the top 10 touristy things. Most people there looked as I imagine we did – vaguely annoyed with day 3 of the whole tangerine wheatgrass cool-as-zen “W” scene, but also happy to be in NY and able to afford a good bed and good ear plugs. Other things in NY that warrant special mention: the Staten Island ferry (seems to depart on the hour and half hour, great views, it’s free, but they make you get off and then on again at the Staten Island end before coming back to Manhattan); the view from the top of the Rockefeller centre (a swift $17.50 each plus tax; maybe go at odd hours so as not to line up; good shopping nearby); and in the far-from-free category, attending the Metropolitan Opera (buy your tickets way in advance from the Met website for box office pick-up, and then phone to make a 6 p.m. reservation at the very nice Gran Tier restaurant that’s also in the opera house (note that the restaurant crowd is dressier than average NY opera attendee) and then before finishing your very nice dinner, be sure to arrange for your waiter to pre-order your intermission chocolate soufflé (we found the house champagne was quite doable with it) and then go back to your table at intermission and enjoy it while the mob lines up at the bar. And note that the ladies room at the Met will have a long line just before show time so get the female in your party in line maybe 20 minutes before curtain.)	
May 14 2007 	Check you Bill!	Way overpriced. Worse part was that on checkout, a mysterious $65 dollar charge appeared from hotel bar. We were never there, and the front desk staff made us feel like we had to prove to them that we didn't make the charge. I guess guilty until proven innocent is the motto there. Ruined the whole stay.	
May 13 2007 	Getting a little tired...	I agree, you can't beat the W Times Square for location. We have stayed at this property numerous times on our trips into NYC, but I have to say the hotel is beginning to look a little time worn. The first room we were given was right next to a hallway ice machine that had overflowed and soaked the hall carpet so the room had a very strong mold smell. The second room was far better, but still when you turned on the sink there was a moldy odor. The towels, when wet, released a distinctive smell of smoke. (Like the people in the laundry smoked while cleaning the linens!)The furniture in the room was nicked and beaten up like you would see in a college dorm. On a positive note, the beds are comfortable and the pillows divine. We were on the 23rd floor and it is quite noisy at night with emergency sirens.Service was attentive, and we easily managed to get a third night even though the hotel was sold out. The front desk kept us in mind as cancellations came in.We had dinner at the Blue Fin and the service and food were top notch.I do like the Times Square location, but find the Renaissance to be a better deal across the street.	
May 8 2007 	It's only okay	I stayed in W Times Square only for 1 night for a quick visit - Pros - Location - cannot beat Times Square Style - very modern, cleanNice toiletryVery nice view of Times Square and Hudson River from our roomCons -Noise - street noise even on 50+floor at night. Seriously.Room - I had a room upgrade to Corner Room and it's still small. Granted it's NYC so I don't expect a big room but for a 2-tier-above-standard room I would like a bathtub.So in short it's kind of a &quot;stuck in the middle&quot; experience. It's not luxurious enough that I am willing to spend a lot of money for, but it's not cheap enough (even with all the advantages) to consider it a bargain.	
May 8 2007 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	I stayed at the W for 4 nights (3rd May -6th May). I was originally assigned a corner room with a connecting door - which you should definitely avoid - I could hear every conversation happening in the connecting room - and my neighbours were talking in a normal volume. I requested another room and was moved straight away.My new room was on the 43rd floor with a great view of Times Square. Very New York - but if you are particularly bothered by noise and light - it might not be the best place for you. I was awoken early on Saturday morning by a very loud concert in the middle of Times Square and the room is lit up by very bright lights on the side of the building, lighting up giant billboards.I didn't mind too much as it was part of the experience of being in such a great location - and the room did have blackout curtains. Other great things about the hotel were the great trendy atmosphere, comfortable modern rooms, relatively well equiped gym, friendly staff, good security (won't let anybody up to the lobby on the 7th floor without a key at night), great comfortable bed, really cool bars and high definition televisions in the rooms.All in all - a very enjoyable experence.	
May 4 2007 	trendy but cheap	very trendy hotel. club music piped in everywhere, in the lobby, elevators, hallways, and in the room. Tip - cd's are available for purchase in your room, bring your laptop instead and upload the songs for free.furniture and fixture were old and cheap. door was very thin and I could hear everything in the hall. White furniture showed signs of age and wear. bathroom looked either trendy or a temporary structure.staff was friendly and helpful. food was excellent. sushi restaurant downstairs was very good (pricey, but I grew up in Japan, where sushi is like hamburgers, everyday food not cool food).there's plenty of light in the room, but everything else is darkly lit like a club.bed was comfortable. felt similar to sheratons' beds, not as plush as westin.location is great, right off times square, couldn't be better. i didn't get too much street noise in the room, but again, lots of hallway noise.for the same price, maybe a little less, go for the westin times square.	
May 2 2007 	Great Stay at Trendy Hotel for 1st Anniversary	Absolutely wonderful service and satisfaction. My wife had stayed at several other W hotels and since I was planning a surprise trip for her to NYC for our 1st wedding anniversary, I thought the W Times Square would be a perfect fit. I got very lucky finding a promotion on the hotels website where if you bought two nights you would get a third for free, so even though the rooms were a little more expensive then what I wanted, it ended up being about the same as paying for three nights at a different hotel.The experience was amazing from the time we walked in the door. I had line up some special services through W's &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; service and it payed off bigtime. They had chocolate covered strawberries with wine in our room upon arrival. In addition they place rose pedals throughout the room and at my request with the help of the Whatever, Whenever service, they had a special song playing on the CD player when we arrived. The wife loved it. They also upgraded us to a nicer room on the 48th floor. This was a corner room with a view of Times Square and the Hudson River and unlike some of the other reviews, the noise from below was minimal. The bed was as advertised and the pillows were unbelievably comfortable. Our bathroom was small but nice and all of the products provided were great. Our room was spacious and very clean.The lobby of the hotel is very chic and trendy with low lights and a very busy bar. The entrance was cool with the waterfalls overhead and the staff was extremely nice. The hallway to our room was a bit dark as were the elevators but went with the hotels decor.The only part that we were disapointed with was our experience while eating at Blue Fin, the hotels upscale restaraunt. The food was mediocre at best and the portions were small, but the atmosphere and staff were great. We constantly visited the little store right next door that offered great food 24hrs a day and was a wonderful place to grab breakfast before heading out to sightsee in NYC.Overall the experience with the W was outstanding. I would reccomend it to anyone who is into modern decor and wonderful service.	
Apr 28 2007 	Awesome View of Times Square	Awesome view. Great Hotel. Beautiful Water Feature in Lobby. Great Times Square Location. Walking distance to Broadway shows. Great Breakfast. Extremely comfortable bed, linens and pillows. Very clean. Pricey gift shop. Ultra modern but not too overdone. Very serene for the hustle and bustle on the square. Flat plasma tv. Impossible to figure out alarm clock/CD player. Bar very crowded &amp; trendy. Lobby &amp; check-in crowded due to location of the bar. No Gideon Bible.	
Apr 21 2007 	Not Worth The Money	We had two rooms through American Express Corp. travel. Upon arrival,check in was ok but to get to your room was very exhausting. You haveto travel up to a certain floor exit the elevator and walk to anotherarea to get on another elevator to get to your room. We were given a regular room &amp; we were told that we were upgraded to a suite since it was available thru American Express at no additional charge. It was a non smoking room that had been smoked in. Their solution was toput this large box in our room to help the odor. The box was left in our room the whole time and was never picked up. It was suppose to bep/u in a few hours. The room was somewhat clean. Very contemp. For the price of the room we were very disappointed and not impressed. The location was good. We will try the Marriott Marquis Times Square next. I has a better location and much better rating with tripadvisor.	
Apr 11 2007 	W is for Waste of Money	My colleagues and I have stayed at the W Times Square while covering the New York Auto Show every year for the past four years. I always knew that the W was more about style than substance, but my recent experience there assured that last week would be our last stay there.The rooms were okay, stylish but with beds that were way too small. The real problem came with the conference room we reserved at the hotel to use as a work base. They had promised a conference room with a T1 line where we could do post-production work. But when we got there, there was no internet line at all, and what they ultimately hooked up was no better than bad dial-up. The person arranging the room did not have a clue about internet connections, which would be fine in 1997, but not in 2007.And then, they lost the video deck that had been delivered to the hotel for us, so we were at a standstill for four hours. They did apologize but in an utterly lackluster way, like they were used to screwing up. The best they could do was offer some free food, which wasn't much comfort given that we had to stay up until 3 p.m. to make up for their mistake. And when all was said and done, they tried to charge us for &quot;package handling&quot; for the equipment they lost. And they acted like they were doing us a huge favor by not charging us for the room that we ultimately couldn't use. Now, if you are at a restaurant and they forget to bring the entree, are they doing you a favor by not charging you for it?Anyway, I did try to follow up with a manager by phone, but she never bothered to call me back after an initial conversation.Lesson: If you want silly style, think W. If you want employees who are on-the-ball and professional, you should probably look elsewhere.	
Apr 10 2007 	Where is the Wow?	We did 5 nights here in Feb for a long weekend and were disappointed with some aspects of the W.The location is great to get out &amp; about from, there are a few subway stops nearby &amp; cabs right outside plus Times Square is just around the corner.I would say that most of the money has been spent on the communal areas &amp; the room we had left a lot to be desired. The entrance is very impressive with the waterfall that cascades over the glass ceiling is cool. The darker than dark lifts and bar area are uber cool too. We had a quick dance in the lifts inbetween each floor, on our own of course! It was all very Sex in the City stylee with a price tag to match. Your looking at around $12 a drink, which soon stacks up if you are thirsty &amp; want more than a glass of ice.We have stayed in NYC before &amp; are aware that space is at a premium so I wasn't expecting a big room. I was however hopeful of heating in the winter &amp; also a quiet room at night. There was a massive aircon unit in the corridor outside out room that clanked &amp; clunked all night long. The room itself was a little bit tired, considering this is referred to as 5 star, it isn't. There was a stain on the quilt, the bathroom had bits of mould on some of the grout &amp; was freezing to step out of the shower into. The bliss toiletries were nice &amp; were replenished every day. The gym has an assortment of free weights &amp; a couple of cardio machines, there are no showers/sauna or steam.I had a deep tissue massage while we stayed here &amp; felt the benefit the next day, in fact I'm still feeling it now after 7 weeks. I would recommend a trip to Michael if your back/shoulders are knotted, he put me through pain but it was worth it! They have heated massage beds, which was a first for me but v.nice.The restaurant has a good menu &amp; is worth a visit if you can't be bothered to venture too far. As someone else has mentioned, there is a deli about 2 doors up the road (going away from Times Square) and I would highly recommend it for coffee &amp; breakfast, cold drinks to put in the mini bar (the mini bar is a rip-off $12 for bottled water) and the selection of hot food etc is fantastic. If I had a deli like that in London I would stop shopping/cooking. If you carry on walking in the same direction across a couple of blocks you will end up at Hells Kitchen, there are loads of places to eat round here we tried the Chelsea Grill which had a nice vibe.I could go on &amp; on about the great places to eat in this big city, but thats for you to find out or have fun trying!Overall the W was ok, if I'd known how over-rated it is I would have booked something else.	
Apr 10 2007 	12 Night Stay - Good W	I had a 12 night stay at the W Hotel - Times Square. In comparison to the other W in the City, this one is the better hotel. The lobby is new, the carpeting in the hallways clean, and the room overrall is modern, hip, and neat. Housekeeping and turndown service is inconsistent. On some nights they would come and on some nights they wouldn't. The food here is incredibiliy expensive, and why would anyone need to order room service in Time Square in beyond me. At night after 10pm all hotel guests require a key to enter, so security made you feel safe. On Thrus - Sat the hotel lobby is packed and very loud (full of twenty something drinking at the bar). One major complaint is that the front desk gave me the run around for upgrades using SPG pts. They told me to contact SPG telephone line but when I called, they told me to contact the front desk since I have already checked in. ... I gave up.the workout room is your standard W Hotel workout space... about 6 treadmills and a few machines. Enough for a quick workout. If you score a room on a high floor (goes up to 54th flr), there's a good chance you'll be able to see NJ, the hudson river, and the entire city.Internet service was $17 per 24 hr. or $6 for 30 min. Overrall this is your above average NYC W Hotel. In comparison to other hotels in the city within the price range, it is good.	
Apr 4 2007	A Perfect New York W Weekend	I stayed at the W over a weekend and actually loved it. I had been to the hotel lobby bar for drinks and have admired how stylish it is. Staying at the hotel was even better. I booked a superior room which is a step above the basic &quot;wonderful&quot; room. The room was quite roomy with a partial view of Times Sq. There was an HD flat TV. As usual the bed and bathroom were high-grade Starwood quality. As with other Ws, the Bliss bathroom products are some of the best I have seen. As guests of the hotel, we didn't have to pay the $20 cover charge at the Whiskey club downstairs which was a nice extra (even though the club was on the cheesy side playing mainstream hip hop for a suburban looking crowd).So why 4 rather than 5 stars? Mostly it is an issue of price. The $450 price tag for a nice room - while OK for NYC these days - does not feel like great value. You could stay at a Four Seasons in Istanbul for this kind of money. But then again, as New Yorkers like to say, nothing compares to NYC. And no boutique chain compares to the consistent quality of the W.	
Mar 29 2007 	Loved the atmosphere	The Hotel's location was grt, the room was small but beautiful,made you feel like you were in a spa. Loved the lobby, the water feature was beautiful. The gym was pretty good, had a grt view while you worked out,and the equipment was new and well kept. Friendly staff, had a great stay...	
Mar 11 2007	Too much effort on OUR part...	First, for a NY hotel, the price was right. The room was clean. Scents are used on the rugs,etc. when cleaning which could cause those with allergies to have some problems..I requested that the spray not be use in our room. The location, on Times Square, was wonderful. Problems came up when then sun set....the exterior hotel lights, glaring directly into our upgraded, 36th floor corner room made it seem as if it were still daylight...and the bank of 12+ floodlights stayed on ALL night!. Walls are paper thin..so if noise and outside sound are problematic for you...better to stay elsewhere.Room proportions are miniscule and austere..gray is the color of the day. Check in was easy and friendly, but the promised wine (to celebrate a special occassion) and the turn down service and special 'amenity' were nowhere to be found. Concerns were noted and staff did bring a bottle of wine, albeit the wrong kind. For my money, we will try another hotel next time...this one was just too much work!	
Mar 7 2007 	Loved It!	Me and my husband booked this hotel for my 40th Birthday treat! We trawled the internet wanting to stay in a nice, central, comfortable hotel as it was a special occasion and the W Hotel did not disappoint! We stayed in one of the Spectacular rooms as all the Wonderful rooms were booked. I emailed the hotel and asked for a nice room as it was my 40th and when we checked in we found ourselves up on the 56th floor with great views of Broadway right up to Central Park! The room was spacious (which we were not expecting) with the comfiest bed I have ever slept in! In fact, to say we were in the City that never sleeps, we slept better than we do at home - it was delightful! On our first night, a complimentary birthday cake was delivered to our door, which was a lovely touch. The rooms are cleverly designed and yes, they may not be overly plush, but they are done really well. The walk in shower was fab and the complimentary Bliss products each day were great! The hotel bar is very cool and I felt very &quot;Sex in the City&quot; drinking my Cosmopolitan!! I would definitely recommend the W Hotel, we thought it was fantastic!	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice stay.	This was my second visit to W Times Square. I was disappointed with my first (about a year ago). But I am all for second chances. This time, they came through with flying colors. The staff was much friendlier, the room was not the size of a closet. My only complaint... I had a corner room with a SE view... there was construction happening on the roof of an adjacent bldg. Very unsightly, but not the Ws fault.	
Mar 3 2007 	Seems to be for businessmen/designed by men?	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. We liked certain things about it such as the cool waterfall effect as you walk in, the bed was comfortable, the large HDTV was great, the elevators were good, and the staff and service was attentive. Check-in and check-out were done very expeditiously. The room was clean, and plenty of plush towels were provided.We asked for a wakeup call and received it on time. We ordered breakfast to be delivered to the room at 8 AM, and our order arrived a few minutes early and was perfect. The food was quite good. What I did not like was that this hotel seemed to be designed for the business traveler, and I thought the room was not female friendly. We were there to attend a big family party. I was rather taken aback to find that, although the bathroom was rather large, there was a lot of wasted space in it. It needed more hooks and shelves. The thing that bothered me the most was that the sink had almost no room to spread out my makeup items for application, there was a makeup mirror but it was mounted way too high for a woman who is, like me, average height (5'4&quot;), and the lighting in the bathroom was way too dim to see what I was doing! They provide nice, plush bathrobes, found in the closet, but there was no hook to hang it up in the bathroom. (The bathroom had a pocket door instead of a regular door.) The room itself had several lights, but all of the lights were dim. We find that to be very annoying. The room was very small, hardly larger than the king-sized bed, with decor that was kind of austere and high-tech, not at all comfortable or homey. There were 2 chairs in the room, but neither one was comfortable. Our room was obviously designed for very short stays! We never would have wanted to stay in that room for more than the one night. The decor gave us an uneasy, edgy feel instead of the relaxing effect we had been needing &amp; hoping for. We heard a LOT of noise from the hallways late at night. A drawerful of snacks is in the room; I had to stop my husband from taking any because he did not realize that we would be charged for them....he thought they were included in the price of the room! No way! A plus is that right next door there is a nice deli with all kinds of food, snacks, sandwiches and drinks available. I had a roast beef sandwich from that deli and it was great! The bottom line is that we would not stay here again due to the negatives that I mentioned..	
Feb 21 2007 	Classy Hotel	Just back from Stay in The W, Times Square, it is a classy hotel, with great service and very central. The rooms were very comfortable, lovely beds. Would definitely recommend it to anyone, will stay again next visit to New York. The Staff were very helpful and friendly!	
Feb 8 2007 	Cool Sophistication	I just joined Trip advisor and I am finally writing my reviews.....we stayed at W in Dec 2005. This hotel is so hip I feel like I was 28 agan, it is not cheap but the location is amazing. We had a corner view watching the big New Year's Eve celebration. It was my wife''s 40th and they really made it special for her. The place is minimalist and the service was great.. They did not get over the tip like other hotels but you still felt special. If you don;t like loud music or dark corridors, this is the wrong place for you. But to feel young again, definitely worth it. The lobby is fun, just to hang around and sit in one of the comfortable square seats. The rom was very clean and again, minimal but useful. I love the bathroom and the modern design. I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 5 2007 	W stands for what is up w/ this hotel?	This hotel was like a cross between a nightclub and a college dorm. All of the lighting in the hotel was either fluorescent or neon, walls painted black, club music pumping 24/7- hence, the comparison to a nightclub. The actual room we stayed in truly looked like a dorm room w/ a king sized bed. Furniture was sparse and not well made, with the exception of the bed which was quite comfortable. The bathroom was tiny w/ a shower only, a shower which was not enclosed I might add, which led to a wet, messy bathroom floor. WIth the W, I expected minimalistic but serene luxury. Needless to say, I was quite disappointed w/ this location.	
Feb 4 2007 	The emperor has no clothes	I kept hearing about Starwood's hip W brand hotels, and decided to try one out on a trip to Manhattan. This place was a major disappointment--haughty, unfriendly (but really beautiful) front-desk staff; dim-almost-dark hallways and elevators; and a room that smelled strongly of mildew, as if the carpet had been washed and never properly dried out. When we waited for the elevator to go down to the lobby in the morning, the elevator door opened on a guy and two girls still wearing their clubbing togs from the night before practically doing the nasty. My husband and I figured out right then that we are clearly outside the W demographic...we won't be back.	
Jan 30 2007 	Wonderful hotel	I booked the W Times Square for a surprise birthday trip for my boyfriend's 30th. Got a good room rate on Expedia but was slightly concerned about some of the reviews on tripadvisor - however, I needn't have worried at all - the hotel was everything we could have hoped and more. Staff were super-friendly and went out of their way to be helpful throughout our stay and the hotel is incredibly stylish and brilliantly located in the middle of all the action. I contacted the hotel a few weeks before our stay to organise a birthday cake to be delivered to us on arrival as a surprise - the cake arrived right on time and was exactly what I wanted. I also asked for a room with a view of Times Square and not only did the hotel oblige but we were upgraded to a corner room with stunning views. The room was spotless and stylish and the bathroom was lovely, with gorgeous Bliss Spa products. We only visited The Living Room during our stay and not the Whiskey Bar but we absolutely loved the Living Room and the cocktails were top-notch (much better value than in any comparable bar in London too!). Had breakfast on our first day in Blue Fin and were v. impressed with the food and service.In summary, the hotel was a gem and we wouldn't hesitate to go back. Highly recommended!	
Jan 29 2007 	thrilled with the W!	From the minute we walked into the foyer on the 7th floor(entrance thru an enclosed glass waterfall at ground level), we knew we'd enjoy our stay.The room was contemporary with a view of Broadway , a small bathroom but whatever the room lacked in space, the staff made up for it with excellent service. Also the food was top class.Our stay was to celebrate a special birthday and the prebooked surprises thru the 'Whatever,Whenever' service went to plan.The door staff were great too.Would definately stay again	
Jan 26 2007 	W Times Square	We have just returned from our second stay at the W Times Square. The first stay was outstanding and the second just as good. Staff can not do enough to help, the atmosphere is electric and the food is of a very high standard.After staying at this hotel last August, it has made every hotel I've stayed at since look very boring. The room decor is very modern and clean. The Bliss products smell beautiful (lemon and sage) and the maids always stock the room every day. The dark corridors mentioned in other reviews are correct but it just adds to the atmosphere of the place.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay here every time I come to New York.	
Jan 16 2007 	incredible hotel	I was very impressed with this hotel. The service was wonderful- everyone was friendly and helpful. Employees were willing to take the time to give us helpful advice on restaurants, etc.The rooms were impeccable. Everything looked very new and had a modern flair. This is the nicest place I have stayed in New York (I have also stayed at the Renaissance Times Square.) The size of the room was quite adequate- we had space to move around. I was able to request a room with a view- we had a view of Broadway below. I was also able to request a room with a bathtub- most of the rooms here only have showers.There was only one chair in the room- at the desk. This presented a small problem when we ordered room service because one of us had to sit on the bed and the other in the chair and eat at the table provided with the room service. We were in a bit of a hurry but I am sure they would have provided a chair if we had time to request one.The rooms were elegant and a soft cd is playing when you walk in, and plays constantly throughout your stay (there is a cd player.)The hotel also hosts a restaurant- the blue fin- which was also impressive. The atmosphere was like a los angeles scene but also very relaxing. The food was incredible. I ordered the filet mignon, medium well. It came out perfect. I often have problems with medium well steaks in even five star restaurants, but not here. Every portion of the meal was wonderful- down to the dessert. Much thought went into the preparation and creation of each course. The Whiskey Nite Club is also in the hotel. Even on Sunday, this place was a place to be. It has a unique atmosphere and a vip section one can reserve for parties. The music is basically top 40 dance music, with not much variation. It was worth checking out. There are not many seats there, so be prepared to stand. There is a coat check for $2 per coat. As for some other things about the hotel- it is in a great location. The valet parking was worth it, but was expensive- $62 per night. It goes on a 24 hour basis- so if you arrive before check in, you can still check your car and have until the same time the next day to get it back. However, there are no in-out privileges with the car. The room-service breakfast was good quality as well. It was expensive- we paid close to $100 for breakfast, and each only had one basic meal with only one extra juice and one extra order of bacon. That included the tip.We had a slight problem with the bill- we were charged for an umbrella from the mini-bar that we didn't take. A short call to the hotel remedied this immediately.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York. You can't beat the accommodations, the staff, the luxury, the location, and the atmosphere. After coming to this hotel, we will probably always stay here when coming to New York.We will also check out other W hotels worldwide when traveling other places!	
Jan 13 2007 	Pretty Bad	Once again I went with an American Express &quot;Fine Hotel&quot; - and once again dissapointed.Firstly, I believe I read their website, and about how they're all about the linens and beds... I don't know if I've slept on such a horrible, hard, uncomfortable bed! I don't have exceptionally high standards when it comes to beds, but this was just rock hard.The room was OK, stained carpet, torn furniture, etc. It was clean, and it had everything you needed, so if you don't mind those little things, then no big deal.We were on the 37th floor, and the traffic was still quite loud. If it bothers you, I'd request a higher floor. The 37th Floor was not quite high enough to avoid the flashy billboards (er, video screens) from Times Sq.As to Location, fantastic. You're right there, in the middle of it all, and I'd recommend it for young couples/singles, but I wouldn't recommend it for families.Check-in/reception is actually on Level 7 - You take the elevators up to Level 7 (every time), and from there you take your designated elevator to your floor.Food was good, but certainly not worth the expense, and well, you're in NYC - get out there and hit one of the many, MANY fabulous restaurants.I would recommend any of my single friends to stay, but I've actually stayed at The Time, a couple of years ago, and I would recommend that first. It's also in the mix (just off Times Sq), and is quiet, well appointed, and friendly.Speaking with Concierge, and Reception is extremely difficult as afternoon turns to evening. They're right in-front of the bar, in an wide-open hard-walled area. I found it rather unpleasant coming back from a full day in the city, and having all that noise to deal with in the 'lobby' of my hotel.My final thoughts - too expensive for what you get, unless you have money to burn, I'm sure there are better options (including The Time).	
Jan 10 2007 	This hotel provides a life changing experience	What can I say? Love NYC and this is the best yet. This is our 3rd vist from the UK to NYC and I can't see any mid priced accomodation getting better than this. Let me spell it out. Room rate was excellent, and on arrival asked about the possibility of a free upgrade to a corner room and was granted my wish - was not a problem at all. Was very pleased and for no extra charge. Mentioned at check in that it was my wife's 30th and in the time it took us to have a brief drink in the bar before our baggage was taken to our room, complimentary champagne and chocolate strawberries had been delivered to our suite. I was delighted at this attention to detail and swift thought and practice - excellent customer service.We recieved nothing than top quality service from every member of staff at this establishment. I recommend this hotel with my word, and on that you have a promise. With my word in mind, there were just some minor points that did cross my mind - and that is all they did. Although we had a room on the corner block facing Times Square, I wondered what value and view would be offered by accomodation at the back of the hotel.The Ice machines were noisy - and I mean noisy. Not a problem for us at all but those poor peeps in the two rooms in between the ice generator must have been cursing....Drinks are expensive - and I mean expensive. I don't mind shelling out for ambience but $44 and tip for 2 glasses of wine and a sprite did make me wonder. However - this is class. From start to finish. Already looking at the photos and the memories are already bringing a lump to my throat - 2 days after we have got back to the UK.Trust me - this is an experience, and for the persons looking for a more trendy, relaxed and informal but edged stay, this is perfect. Thanks to all at the W at Times Square - We truly loved our stay.	
Jan 5 2007 	Less than Expected	We just returned from fabulous trip in NYC for New Year's Eve! Knowing how much in demand it would be, we booked the W Times Square 10 months in advance to ensure a great room.Here are the details:Hotel: Perfect Location. If you want something traditional, stay at Waldolf Estoria. The W is very trendy and 'outside the box'. As you enter the hotel, look up and there is a water glass ceiling, quite remarkable. Everything is very dark and you always feel like you're in a maze because you go from one elevator to another to get where you're going.Check-In: Pretty smooth &amp; friendly. The lobby is great, dark and loud like a cool lounge/club. When we had originally booked, we were assured by the GM we would get an upgraded room high floor room with a view of times square. When we arrived, they had given all those rooms away, so we were left without a view. The entire purpose of staying at the W was to get a great view of the crowds. This was very disappointing. Room: We had an upgrade to the standard rooms (I think they call them 'cool'). Again, modern design but our room needed love. There were many signs of wear and tear and no signs of upkeep. The rooms are fairly small but very different design from other hotels. Had it been very well maintained, it has wow-potential.Service: Great. Everyone is very laid back and helpful, kind of like a great neighbor. Probably the best part of the hotel. Food: We ordered breakfast for Jan 1. Nothing spectacular, pretty basic bacon and eggs but we paid about 5 times what we would've had we walked to the nearest breakfast place.Gym: They claim the W has the best gym. Not the best, but definitely great. Individual tvs on all machines, they provide purified water, towels, earphones, fruit and a lovely view of times square.All in all, would we go again? Several of the staff did mention they were undergoing renovations in the rooms (much needed) in the new year. After that, we'd go again. We expected more for such a reputable brand.	
Jan 5 2007 	Loved it baby!	I stayed here back in Dec 05 but only just signed up to do reviews. We have been to NY every year for the past 8. The W was our favourite hotel yet. We have previously stayed at Essex House, The Bentley, The Edison and Portland Square. We had a fantastic room on a high floor on the corner overlooking the Square. The room was cool and the bar even cooler! The place is really trendy and modern and we loved it. Sink a few cocktails and you are guaranteed a wonderful time. Can't wait to return.	
Dec 26 2006 	Very cool	What a cool hotel! Check in was super fast! Its a sleek reception area next to an ultra modern bar called the living room. The room was spectacular. Great view, unique furniture! The westin bed was super comfortable.Flat panel plasma tv. One of the best showers ever. The bath products were first rate. Everyone that worked at the hotel was firendly and helpful. I will stay at this hotel again soon!	
Dec 23 2006	Wonderful Stay!	I stay at a lot of hotels and I RARELY designate an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating as I feel that there is always room for improvement. However, I think that the W TImes Square has it right.The hotel itself is in the perfect location. Close to many midtown office buildings and smack in the middle of Times Square with great views (from certain rooms) of the &quot;crossroads of the world&quot;.The staff could not be more friendly. It is so nice to encounter staff members at an upscale hotel that do not act stuffy and better than everyone else. I had fun with one of the doormen picking on some of the more stuffy guests as they walked into the hotel.The bell staff is wonderful, the front desk assigned us the perfect rooms and even made the extra effort to get them adjoining which only took an extra hour past check-in time and even called me on my cell phone to let me know the room was ready.I came back to my room to find a welcome amenitiy of wine and fruit and was just made to feel welcome in every aspect of my stay. This hotel is fantastic and well-worth the room rate. I hope that in choosing this hotel, other travelers will have the same positive experience as I did.	
Dec 17 2006 	Incredibly Hip hotel	I've never been to a W hotel before so this two night stay @ The W Hotel Times Square was nothing I could've imagined. The location is great but if you like quiet places, don't try Times Square obviously but it was fine for me. The lobby is great and check-in was one of the fastest i've ever seen. The corridors are very dark like other customers wrote on their reviews but once you get into your room, is spectacular. We had a room on the 50th floor with a great view on times square and even if the room wasn't very big, we had enought place for two.Glass desk with broadband access and HD LCD TV on the wall was very nice for me who wanted to work for a couple hours every night. Anyway, we paid 500$ for a night and even if it's a bit expensive, the hotel is awesome and i'll definitely go back there when i'm back in NEw York.	
Nov 28 2006 	Very good choice	Stayed only one night here, due to our limited time in NYC, but was happy with my choice. The location is in the middle of Times Square, with the entrance on a side street. We had a corner room in the back, so it was very quiet. The elevators took a few minutes to figure out, but otherwise they were fine. You need your room key to operate the elevators and make them go up to the rooms, which is good security. The room was clean and comfy. The bathroom was fine except for needing a little grout cleaning. We did not hear noises through the bathroom walls as others did. The lobby is hip and trendy -although too young for my tastes. My only suggestion is to brighten up the hallways as they are too dark. I know they want atmosphere, but I would have preferred more light.	
Nov 24 2006 	Hip great hotel with beautiful people abound!	Where to begin? This is by far one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. It has raised my expectations of what a hotel should be like.To make a long story short when we checked in,there was a small mixup because another guest in the hotel had the same last name. The problem was quickly resolved and we were put in another room. Two phone calls later apologizing for the mixup, we were told that we would be moved to suite the next day. An executive suite on Times Square???!!! Yeah, that would do. To top it off, the devestatingly handsome man than checked us in sent complimentary fruit and champagne to our room. The W definitely made us feel like we were on vacation, VIP style!Even the concierge was great in giving us suggestions for dinner/lunch places, and any other questions we had. They even printed out our boarding passes so we wouldn't have to wait at the airport. The Lounge was always happening and the hotel was in the middle of everything. I went with 3 other friends and we had a blast. I could see how this wouldn't be a family hotel, but for us being in our late 20s-early 30s.....it rocked!! The Whiskey had good music, but the crowd was a bit sketchy. Walk a little out of the Times Square vicinity for better food choices, don't get sucked into the tourist trap of Olive Garden, TGIF, and Applebees! Upon returning to Texas, I realized I had misplaced my bluetooth headset. I sent an email to the hotel, which was replied to the next day saying that it had been found in our suite. To my delight, I received it the next day, free of charge. I honestly couldn't have asked for more from a hotel. I have travel frequently, but have yet to encounter a hotel with such great customer service as The W, especially the W in Times Square. I came back to Houston raving about the hotel, I don't think we could ever stay anywhere else...we got too spoiled!	
Nov 21 2006	Nice rooms great location	Stayed there 4 nights before departing for Italy. Room very comfortable, bed great. Location excellent, plenty of restaurants, in between Times Sq. and Ninth Avenue. Was not at all noisy and lobby quiet. We did not experience what the other reviewer did. Only minor complaint would be that the hotel too accessible from the outside with so many exits and entrances and no one guarding or checking.	
Nov 19 2006 	In need of rennovation and overpriced	We stayed at the W from 10 - 13 Nov as a few days sight seeing prior to the start of a business trip. We booked a &quot;Fabulous&quot; corner room for $539 per night less taxes, which turned out to be far from it's description although it was on a corner. The room was in dire need of decoration, drab and small. The bathroom was mouldy and had a strange smell. Directly outside our room was an ice machine which made a terrible crashing noise every 10 minutes and leaked the whole time we were there. We reported this twice as the carpet outside our room was drenched. Unfortunately we had a connecting door to the room next to ours which meant we got to hear ALL of the 4am - 7am party the occupant decided to have with his mates on Saturday morning. We did complain to the hotel the next morning and were given a 50% discount for that night's stay but were not convinced that the occupant was properly dealt with. The Blue Fin restuarant offers great food and the bar area is very trendy but, for that reason, very busy. The concierge was helpful in recommending restuarants and advice on how to get around. In all we would not choose to stay here again and did not feel that we were really getting value of money. If you can afford these rates then there are better alternatives.	
Nov 16 2006 	Loved the W Times Square	We booked The W for a girls weekend hitting concerts, theatre, and shopping . We come up several times a year for both business and pleasure and are quite at home here. Was a little concerned about staying right in the heart of Times Square (touristy, crowded) as we usually stay down in Soho. But we got a great deal through Starwood so decided to check it out. I'm glad we did.From the moment we arrived, great, great service. The bell staff was attentive and polite the whole stay. The front desk was wonderful, even with a busy lobby of people checking out all at once. We arrived 6 hours before official check-in simply hoping to stow our luggage. They asked us to wait in the Living Room where we surfed the free wi-fi while they coordinated with the cleaning staff to have our room ready as quickly as possible. We couldn't believe it when they came to get us in less than an hour.The room was definitely NYC small. Almost too small. And the bathroom was a tight fit. But the furnishings were chic and the beds incredibly, incredibly comfy, the amenties top notch and the view spectacular. The hallways were a bit dim but never a serious problem. Someone had mentioned earlier about the confusion over the elevators. I'm not sure why since it only took one time for the staff to show us the details and even when coming in late at night with a few cocktails under our belts, we zipped up to our rooms without getting lost.The Living Room in the p.m. was a blast. Lot of people and good music. We ended up talking to a group of people at the bar who turned out to be a favorite band of ours. Small world. Drinks are a bit pricey but no surprise in NYC. Bar service started out great but by the end of the evening the bartenders were obviously just phoning it in and preferred to chat amongst themselves rather than take drink orders or ring up tabs.Whether you stay here or not, you MUST eat at the Blue Fin in the hotel. EXCELLENT seafood and sushi-very fresh. (We are from a coastal area and are very picky about our seafood.) Service was fantastic and the scene was great for people watching. We had a dinner and two lunches there and were never disappointed. Don't miss it.Maid service was efficient. They came a bit early one morning though in their defense we forgot our do not disturb sign. Once we put that up we weren't bothered at all. And our room was clean when we returned from shopping later that day.The Club downstairs was ok-crowded, music not to our liking but we really didn't spend much time there. Make sure you have a full wallet. A round of shots can set you back serious money.Check out was slower than check-in. The guy seemed new and made several mistakes. But as always, attentive, professional and very nice and very genuine. We never got an attitude from anyone there except a little from the bartender that one late nite.In a nutshell, we'd go back again due to the great service, the incredible beds and the Blue Fin. Weaknesses would have to be the location and the tight room. We really prefer Soho/Village.	
Nov 14 2006 	What ever When ever - that is this hotels moto and they exceeded it !!!	My family and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the W hotel in Times Square and in a word it was - Fantastic.The staff were very friendly at check in and we were given magnificent corner rooms on the 46th and 47th floors - the views were spectacular !The rooms were very comfortable - wonderful power showers in glass enclosed wet room, as many toiletries as you required were left every day together with blissfully soft towels.The bed was so comfortable -if it hadn't been for all of the exciting sights to be seen in the BIG APPLE we would have been more than happy to lie in.This is our 3rd visit and have stayed in various locations from Wall Street to Central Park but without a doubt this was the best yet.The deli to the left of the hotel is great for breakfast.Also the World Cruise at night from pier 81 complete with dinner was excellent.	
Nov 11 2006 	W stands for WORST	Bring a flashlight, bottled water and ear plugs. The joint is tragically hip -ultra dark common spaces, blasting rock &amp; roll in the check in area. 6 oz bottle of water is $8, (note, there is no price on it., guess that wouldn't be very hip.)A very unpleasant place to stay especially if you have been traveling half a day and are on a business trip. Great place to stay if you are 18 - 22 years old and want to feel like you are on a bum drug trip.	
Nov 6 2006 	NOT all that is cracked up to be	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. While we were in NY for business, we wanted to stay in a location where we could take in being &quot;tourists&quot; in the evenings after work. It took us several weeks trying to find the right hotel (since there are SO MANY in NY and can be overwhelming to choose), and this one came recommended. Our first impression of the hotel was cool, hip &amp; trendy. We're in our 30's and, being in the fashion industry, we felt this was a very unique hotel and felt right at home....UNTIL......we realized that the hotel is all &quot;hype&quot;, and no substance! The rooms were small, but that's expected being that it's NY. But what really got to us was the PAPER THIN WALLS...even the walls WITHIN the room (ie. walls / doors to the bathroom). The door to the bathroom is like one of those japanese paper-made sliding doors that doesn't even close all the way so you literally have no privacy whatsoever. We could hear EVERYTHING that was going on next door on both sides of our room. Conversations (at normal talking level..in other words, they weren't talking loud or yelling), TV, the water running...even VERY PERSONAL situations if you know what I mean. It was very difficult to sleep at night!Other frustrating things about this hotel: the hallways are pitch black w/ these funky blue lights or some other dim color lights; You have to take 2 elevators to get to your room; We needed assistance from the bellman 4 times during our stay, and each time (and I'm not exxagerating), we had to wait at least 10 minutes to get someone to help us; and when they did finally come to help us, they acted like we were bothering them! One of us in our group even tried to get one of the bellman's attention and the bellman walked away to a room and slammed the door on our face!! Lastly, the guys outside helping you to get cabs NEVER greeted us unless there was a door they could open or some way they could get a tip from us.... It was disgusting. Positive point: the staff that worked at the check-in counter were all extremely helpful &amp; courteous! Whenever we needed help with our room key, or with Fed Ex mail, or even needing an umbrella (it started pouring outside on 1 day)...they went out of their way to assist us promptly. So kudos to them! They made our stay bearable. But overall, what I initially thought was a cool, friendly &amp; service-oriented hotel, turned out to be so not what I expected! The W / Times Square Hotel just comes in a &quot;pretty package&quot; w/ great marketing...but the service overall is not acceptable and the quality of the hotel is mediocre. Frankly, I think they try WAY too hard to be trendy....that they forget that all their guests want is to be comfortable, feel pampered....&amp; feel right at home. For us, it was actually &quot;work&quot; to stay at this hotel and NOT very comfortable at all! We will never come back to this hotel.	
Nov 4 2006	Great location - hotel is okay	I stayed here before and returned because we had a great view from our room. We did not have a great view from our room this time and we were not told of any extras. The rooms are small but they are nice. The location is outstanding but I can do without the W attitude. The staff really do believe they are doing you a favor by doing their job which is kind of disappointing. My second visit to this hotel was a substantial drop off in quality of service and attention to detail from my first visit. In the end it was nothing special which was kind of a letdown after such a positive first visit.	
Oct 31 2006	OK hotel but service is terrible	Nice enough rooms, ok hotel but everything there costs a fortune (someone else has commented on the $49 croissants!) and $17 a day for internet access in the room.Service was dreadful, maids ignored do not disturb signs, concierge was never there and getting a taxi out of the doorman was near to impossible.Not sure I would return in a hurry - there are other hotels which are just as nice for the money.	
Oct 28 2006 	Oh Good Grief; not impressed	I'm only 40 and trendy, but this hotel is ridiculous. The bar and restaurants are good, but you should visit those without staying here. The rooms are miniscule despite the descriptions of &quot;fabulous / spectacular&quot;, and the elevators are insanely slow, although you do make friends with strangers sharing frustration over the wait. The beds are comfortable and the Bliss spa products nice, but not enough to make up for the price and the fact that everything is &quot;tries too hard&quot; trendy, from the room service menu (bound like a stack of paint color samples) to the overly friendly staff with a &quot;whatever whenever policy&quot; that means &quot;good marketing, but you really can't get what you want when you want it, especially if you want quick room service or an elevator. &quot; Meeting rooms are too dark; food is very good.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great Location Pity about the Room	We stayed for 5 days on business.Unfortunatly the room we were given was opposite the lift - thankfully I still had my earplugs!.Included in the rate was a &quot;breakfast&quot; that would have cost $49 a day - a LOT of money for a muffin, toast and a glass of juice!.Staff were standoffish and the bathroom &quot;walls&quot; well pieces of corrogated plastic were a little thin for my liking. The Bliss toiletries were nice, and the food at the seafood restraunt on Street Level was excellent.	
Oct 17 2006 	A wonderful hip but complicated hotel	Overall, the Hotel stay was great. I took my significant other there for his birthday during the labor day weekend.The lounge and bar area is so cool, and the music playing all around just makes you feel great.The room size was average and the decor in the room was cool, but simple. The views are minimal due to the location and other high rises nearby, so don't stay here for the views.The Blue Fin restaurant is excellent, and the breakfast is especially good there. Service is also great.Unfortunately our Hotel room wasn't ready to check in until 5pm, and we arrived there at 2:30pm, but other than that all went well. They were booked solid the night before and simply couldn't get our room ready in time. Understandable for this busy part of town. It was a bit of an inconvenience, but we stored our bags and went shopping downtown to pass the time, and then were called when the room was ready.The elevators in the hotel are not well designed. You need to take two separate elevators to get from outside the hotel to your room, and finding your elevator is not easy. I don't know why they designed it this way, it was a mistake. They should try to fix this if they can.Valet parking was good, as were the other services.Overall a great place to stay if you want to be in the middle of everything. It is by no means quiet, but it's Times Square.	
Oct 15 2006	Great Palce to stay	I loved staying at the W time square it was clean close to all the action and I really enjoyed the staff and the bar and resturant. I was did not like was the spa! a bit under kept and the services was not up to par. otherwise Great!!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Fun in NYC	This was a GREAT property. We stayed on the 57th floor with an amazing view of Times Square. We traveled with 2 different families and the adults and kids loved it equally!!! It is rather dark in the hallways and lobby but it is supposed to be that way. The beds were very comfortable and the location was great to take in a show or wander the hustle and bustle of Times Square. My only complaint was the noise on Saturday night. The traffic and city life was extremely loud even though we were on the top floor. I had to wear ear plugs to get a good nights sleep. Sunday night was very quiet and the ear plugs went in the trash. We had a great time.	
Oct 6 2006 	Ultra Hip Hotel with a Lot of Action	The W at Times Square was wonderful!!! If you like to be in the middle of it all, this is the place to stay, but still doesn't have a &quot;touristy&quot; feel. The rooms were ultra hip with flat screen TV's and modern furnishings. The rooms are high enough from the ground that you will have no problem sleeping. Be sure to check out the Living Room at nights after 10 PM. This is the place to be! Keep your eyes open because we saw and met our share of celbs! If you are into the dancing scene, hit the club in the basement of the hotel - be prepared though the bathroom here is unisex! WONDERFUL Hotel!	
Oct 3 2006 	Can't Complain	My Fiance and I stayed at the W Hotel in Time Square from September 22-24, 2006. I have to say that I rather enjoyed my stay. The hotel is very well located in the heart of Time Square. We walked back from Central Park and it took us about a half an hour.The bar at the hotel is very modern and nice. The staff was rather pleasant as well. The rooms were typical W rooms. Very new &amp; modern, although these are a little older than I am used to for a W. Overall I would say that it is a very nice hotel if you are looking to spend some time in the center of Manhatten. Beware though as like much of New York, it is expensive.	
Sep 4 2006 	great location rooms a bit small	Great Location if you're a tourist - you can walk to many of the area attractions. The subway is also fairly nearby opening up the rest of the city for excursions.Bar area was spacious and very hip with nice decor.Hotel security was definitely present in the lobby area checking to make sure only guests entered to the elevator area.Everything else was a bit small - not surprisingly but clean.Rooms were, again, a bit small but the beds were comfortable with nice robes. Good water pressure from the shower although lighting was a bit lacking. Rooms were clean and noise level was low (was at the end of the hall).Elevators were small and could get a bit cramped if you have a lot luggage... although we rarely had to share.Parking - be prepared to pay $50/night for valet parking. Street parking can be hard to obtain.The surrounding area had restaurants from a deli to higher end restaurants depending on your budget. The lighting in the streets were adequate and comfortable to walk around at night.	
Aug 22 2006 	Fabulous Modern Hotel	My husband and I had the time of our life in New York City and staying at the W was a highlight. The energy of the lobby bar (which we only walked past) and decor of the entire hotel was modern, well thought out, and very aesthetically pleasing and stimulating to your senses. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Julia was fabulous as were the guys on the 3rd shift doorman staff. They kept us entertained with friendly conversation as we waited 1 hour for our 4:30 AM car service which arrived at 5:30 AM. New Yorkers really are the best! We loved the bed, Bliss products, location, activity, staff, and again, did I mention the ultra hip modern decor throughout the hotel? Oh, and the cookies served in the afternoon were very good. The tour buses leave from across the street and Broadway shows are right around the corner, location-location-location!!!! Please ignore the bad reviews unless you are known to have really bad, drab taste. We will be back soon!	
Aug 10 2006 	WOW W!	Our first trip to New York. Me, Hubby and Baby (18 months) Uncle and Grandparents too - We Loved it! Yes its Uber trendy, however, fitted us well. My daughter asked me why the TV was on all the time - it was the view over Times Square and Broadway that she was looking at. Now at 3 she stills remembers it! Well placed for visiting all we needed to and the concierge and Door personnel were fantastic - understated but seriously clued up.The aspect of the W outweighed any 'minor' imperfections for us.A great time had by all - really pleased we got to stay at W for our first venture into NYC!Oh - and yes, Sage and Lemongrass products from Bliss have become favourites, we were impressed by the toiletries too!	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Location	I recently stayed at the W Times Square with my mother and brother on a weekend trip to NYC. I typically make it to the city once each year with my husband and have historically stayed at hotels in the financial district. I was a little worried when my Priceline purchase resulted in this hotel based on the reviews at the time. We arrived after midnight Friday evening and were met at the curb by the courteous valet staff. We were in our room in a matter of minutes and were pleasantly surprised by our 16th floor corner room with a great view overlooking times square. It was clean comfortable and roomy by NY standards.Throughout our stay, the hotel service was exceptional. Checkout was very convenient too. Make sure to request your car about 30 minutes before you plan to leave.I almost want to thank the folks who left the poor reviews as the hotel blew my expectations away. Nice job, W!A few quick NYC recommendations:- Caliente Cab in Greenwich Village for great margaritas- Jekyl &amp; Hyde for an entertaining meal with children in the village- Hairspray the musical for a fun loving crowd w/o young children (It's hilarious but a little mature at times)	
Aug 9 2006 	Ok but not the best	We stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. The hotel is in a great location - right in Times Square and close to transportation. The hotel was ok. I've stayed at better ones in NYC. It was very dark and dreary. We didn't have any problems with noise or our room. We just thought is was a bit stuffy for a W hotel. Stay at the Westin a few blocks away - it's much nicer.	
Aug 1 2006 	Very pleasant surprise!!	We stayed at the W in Times Square for a long weekend and we were pleasantly surprised considering some of the reviews that I read here were not so good. The staff at check-in was very friendly. We checked our luggage and the front desk took my cell phone to call us when our room was ready. We walked around the corner and were about ready to order lunch when they called! We ate lunch and then went and checked in! It is always nice to get settled in as soon as you arrive. We were given a great corner room with a large window looking out on Times Square and another window facing south with a slight view of the Hudson river. Our room was on the 30th floor. Nice clean room with robes and bliss bath products were great. Before we left for the evening, I called the front desk to let them know that our sink was not draining. When we returned to the room, there was a note from maintenance that it was fixed. We never had another problem with it. The beds are extremely comfortable!! We were not disturbed by traffic noise or outside lights. I asked for a late check out because we didn't leave for the airport until 4:00 pm and it was sweltering outside. We wanted to have a place to go rest and cool off. Instead of checking out at 12:00, we were allowed to keep our room until 2:00 which I was really grateful for!! The concierge was able to print out our boarding passes for us too. If you want to stay right in the heart of Times Square then this is the place for you!We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel to others!	
Jul 31 2006 	great hotel!	My family just returned from a 3 night stay at the W Times Square. We booked on hotwire, but were treated like we paid top dollar for this stay! Staff was overly friendly and helpful. We arrived at 11:00am and were given a room without having to wait. My children, ages 10 and 12, loved the room, especially the plasma screen TV. Beds were very comfortable and the room was not too small as I have read in several other reviews. Would definitely stay again! ( And no problem with a request for two beds.)	
Jul 29 2006	W Times Sq. in the middle of it all	I stayed at the W Times Square for the first time July 21-23. As a frequent visitor to New York and a loyal Starwood member, I felt this hotel and location were excellent.The highlights: - If you like the whole W &quot;vibe,&quot; this place will be right up your alley. The street entrance is a trippy, artsy light and water scene that sets the mood. Elevators take you up to the 7th floor &quot;living room,&quot; which is dimly lit and comfortable with fun couches, light projections and a nearby bar. Check in was quick and friendly. - Rooms decorated very modern, flat screen TV, full mini-bar, desk facing the window, overlooking Times Square, extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Shower was all glass - no tub - and quite roomy. Not great water pressure....but hey, you can't have everything. Bliss bath products were a nice treat. - Location is perfect if you're seeing a show (all theaters are within a few blocks - easy to walk anywhere), catching the subway (stations for Blue Line from JFK @ 50th &amp; 8th.....or all lines a few blocks down the street @ 42nd St.), or just walking uptown or downtown. Very centrally located. Big plus for me was Starbucks only steps away from the front door!Really had no complaints about this hotel. Best rates can be found at spg.com...search AAA (if you're a member - they asked to see my AAA card at this hotel) or promotional rates. Standard rates are very pricey, even for New York.The only caveat is for those not familiar with the W. This chain is targeted to a hipper crowd. This ain't no Marriott with a floral bedspread, plastic shower curtain and a coffee shop. Furnishings and bathrooms are very modern (the bathroom door was frosted glass and slid closed on a track) and hallways are moody and pretty dark.Also, since you're in Times Square, there's bound to be honking horns from gridlocked traffic in the streets below and LOTS of flashing lights from billboards coming in through windows if shades aren't drawn - I love the sights and sounds of the city, but some may not appreciate that.If you get a decent rate, splurge for the W Times Square!	
Jul 27 2006	W all the Way	My boyfriend and I stayed here July 22nd and 23rd. We had a great time. The guestrooms were clean and the aroma of the room was just wonderful. From the time we arrived to the time of departure, the hotel staff was very friendly and professional. The Blue Fin was a great place to eat. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner there and everything was fabulous. The Bliss products are absolutely awesome. My only complaint would be the location of the elevators. We stayed on the 51st floor and were a little confused by the elevator setup. Not a major deal but whatchagonnado. This was the first time we ever stayed at a W hotel and we will gladly stay again ~ Wherever, Whenever, Whatever	
Jul 24 2006 	Honest Reivew	My boyfriend surprised me with a weekend trip to NYC for my 26th b-day. This was our first trip to NYC but we have traveled to many other large cities in the US. I have to admit that I was a little nervous about the hotel after reading what many others wrote about it on this site. We arrived at the W around noon on Friday and the check in was fast and friendly. We had a room on the 40th floor with a view of Times Square. Our room was clean, and more spacious than I expected. We loved the bed and the robes! The Bliss products also were a nice touch. He had arranged to have a birthday surprise waiting for me that night which consisted of rose petals leading to the bed and then a big heart of petals on the bed. Also, there were chocolate covered strawberries and champagne waiting for us with a nice card. (This was complimentary). This is an example of how they go out of their way to make your stay special. Also the next night a bottle of wine was sent to our room. (also complimentary!) All the workers were friendly and very helpful. We both enjoyed our stay at the W. The location was great for us first timers to NYC. We didn't hear much from outside while in our room so I don't know what others complained about. There are areas that this hotel could improve upon (not the the service) but overall we really enjoyed it. I would definately recomend this hotel to friends. I would also suggest contacting the hotel to see if you can get a better rate than the internet, and if not, see what they can do for you to make your stay more special.For what we paid I feel we got a great deal!	
Jul 20 2006 	What an absolute dive	This hotel and the services it offered were so bad, it is hard to know where to start. The rooms were very small and the bathrooms minute. There were stains on the bedspreads and the carpets were very tired. The noise from Times Square was dreadful and could be heard on the 46th, 51st and 37th floors (we moved three times to try and find some peace and quiet).The rooms that have connecting doors to another room must be the worst. There is no sound insulation whatsoever and we had to call security at 4am to ask them to speak with our neighbours to turn the TV down.The hotel is under-staffed. Our luggage took a long time to arrive and on departure, they could not find where they had put our luggage (it had been in storage). The lobby (7th floor) was heaving with piles of luggage everywhere and noone was there to help.The only good thing about the hotel was the breakfast. Food was fresh and the service was reasonably prompt. Then again, for US$39 for two smoothies and two toasted bagels, it should be.An absolute dump. It should be closed down, given a thorough cleaning, hire more staff to look after guests, get double-glazing (at least) and get rid of connecting doors.New York has a tremedous choice of hotels, so avoid this one.	
Jul 6 2006 	Second and last time at this joint	If you look closely this hotel is a haven for pretentious people who want to stay and play in Times Square. However, it doesn't take a trained eye to see the service, food and housekeeping is below moderate yet you can say you stayed at the W Times Square...BIG DEAL. New York City is full of truly quaint, exceptional hotels that cost the same and provide a much better level of service. It really seems that W is all about the bars and their stupid lifestyle stores-- they've really lost their way when it comes to accomodating business or leisure travelers -- so why give this hotel anymore of my money? You don't get much in return...not even a glass of water with your room service order...that needs to purchased separately from your minibar, folks. Ridiculous.	
Jul 3 2006 	Value Yes Nice No	I was at the W Times Square for business. It is a great location for pleasure but it is very difficult to find a quiet spot or an outside cafe. My room was near the elevators and I constantly heard noise in the hallway and elevator music. I did not feel as if I had any privacy. My room was very worn with the most unacceptable issue being a stained bed skirt. I think without a renovation it is a three star at best. I paid $270 including tax, high floor and nice view, so I consider it a value. And last but certainly not least, the staff was wonderful and helpful.	
Jun 28 2006	different-but good different!	I was a little hesitant about staying at the W after reading some of the reviews on here but I really enjoyed my stay and wouldnt hesitate to stay again at the W!I do agree that while the rooms were overall pretty good-really comfortable beds etc there wasnt a very good attention to detail.The paint finishes were pretty bad and a few things were shabby but not anough to detract from the overall room-for me at least.The location was awesome if its your first time in new york but maybe a bit crazy if you have been a few times before.Its anything but peaceful.The bar in the bottom of the hotel I originally thought was a bit wierd.A lobby/bar is a strange concept but after going to the bar I realised it was actually pretty nice and convenient.The service was fantastic and very attentive.They even sent a follow up email after I returned home to ensure that we were happy with everything.The hotel did have a pretty strange/mod vibe about it with the black hallways ans blue lights which I thought was cool but im young-ish.Im not sure how much my parents would have liked it had they come along.The rooms were kind of small but not still comfortable.The blue fin sushi place downstairs was pretty unimpressive-with so many awesome places to eat in new york i wouldnt waste my time on that one.The double decker grayline bus tour left just half a block up from the hotel which was great-see all of new york in 2 hours and then decide where you want to go back and take a look at on your own or whatever.I would probably stay in a different area next time i visit new york-but if you like the hustle and bustle of times square then this is an awesome hotel.	
May 30 2006	Great location/ little value	Clearly you are paying for location- it is really really good. The hotel is too pricey for mini-box sized rooms. Make sure to get a room away from the elevators and make reservations for drinks. Multiple elevator changes makes it a long time to get to the room.	
May 26 2006	Very good overall	We got a really high floor and a very good view even though I booked it a few days before and it is the memorial day weekend. The boutique style hotel looks very sleek and the room look fantastic. It was very pricy and I do feel like there should be more they can offer. Wierdest is they don't have wireless internet. Shouldn't this be a standard to modern hotels? Everything else are very satisfying.	
May 25 2006 	Cool and convenient	The W Times Square has a downtown feel with the convenience of being near the theater, shopping and many tourist destinations. It is consistent &quot;W&quot; fare, which means cool decor, swank lobby bar and great service. I recommend as your home base for a fun NYC trip.	
May 23 2006 	Not the best place to stay for your precious $$$	One of the reviewers had a terrible experience. We didn't have it so bad but we did have our issues. The bathroom was not really clean, we felt quite uncomfortable we sprayed everything with lysol! the room was dark, no view to speak of, the bed was comfy with plush pillows but their were stains on the sheets &amp; the bed covers were kind of dusty, our room was by the elevator also, room svc was so slow, we also didn't get a nytimes each morning. at $380 per nite, &quot;what should we have expected from a 1st class NYC hotel?!&quot; Must admit the living room lounge was a kool place to hang out (JW blue was $40 a glass!). Staff were quite friendly, Jana our concierge quite helpful. Kate the bartender de-gorgeous! Those were the redeeming value of staying here in the heart of times square. If it wasn't for the staff from the concierge, bartender, doorman &amp; local beat cop recommending Raku down the block for sushi, it would have not been a very good stay at the W. But the sushi at Raku was excellent - so thks to the W-staff, one last saving grace. But I would not recommend staying here.	
Apr 30 2006	Lots of Fun!	Many of the reviews of this hotel are true: 1) it is dimly lit both in the rooms and in the hallways; 2) the bathrooms are tiny; 3) some of the rooms are showing their age. BUT, the atmosphere is fun for couples looking to book a romantic weekend. You couldn't ask for a better location in Times Square. The lobby/lounge area on the 7th floor really comes alive after 10pm. And, the restaurant at ground level, The Blue Fin, is really excellent. We found the staff very service oriented (especially the concierge). Best of all is the trademark W beds - very plush - and the best part of a romantic weekend!	
Apr 9 2006	Relieved - it was a great hotel	After reading the views I too was wondering what we had let ourselves in for. Yes the place was very modern and dark. It is by not means a traditional hotel but we enjoyed it. Our room size was fine the bed was very comfy (maybe a little bit short for US standards) especially the pillows and since back home I shall buy one from their website (as I do miss it it was sooo comfy). We were on the 36th floor so not very high and had a view of another hotel but if you looked sideways you could see times square and on the other side the sea. We arrived in the early hours and in the room a light was on for us and also the cd was playing music.On arrival at the hotel you walk passed the concierge desk on the right with the restaurant on the left. It has the water running on the ceiling and looked very impressive. You take the lift to the 7th floor where the main reception desk is together with the lounge area and shop. You then take another lift to your room. We did not see the whisky club or the spa area as we were out sight seeing all day.The bliss collection they supplied to use in the bathroom were fantastic and you could buy them to take home from the hotel's shop which certainly did have some unusual items. I would have liked to have seen a few womans personal items in the bathroom but never mind. The sink and tap had seen better days but I feel that perhaps the quality of the make let them down unlike the shower which had a good well known company name and this worked wonderful and could copy with the constant use.The food in the hotel was good but very expensive. I did have one complaint as one morning after being seated in the restaurant we waited for 15 mins until I got up to ask for the menu. He said he would bring it over which he did. We then waited another 5 mins without being served and a woman came in and was seen to straight away. We then walked out and complained to the Manager. The concierge, Gilmar, was wonderful. He was so nice and helpful and told us everything we needed to know giving us leaflets with vouchers in for free gifts and money off items.I did find the lounge area to be a bit intimidating as in the evenings it was full of people and very noisy. However, one evening we went in there for a drink and found it fine.I would come to this hotel again if it was just my husband and I. I would not feel it is the right hotel to bring my daughter. While we were there (Mon-Sat) it was mainly business people. I feel it is a very business like hotel which showed in the bedrooms that had pc, printers, paper etc.Everyone there was very nice especially Gilmar and the location was very good.	
Mar 27 2006	Far above the rest.......W surpasses!!!	Just got back from our weekend at the W times square. After reading all the reviews, I have to admit I was a little concerned about taking the trip to the W, but all my fears were dismissed as I arrived at this great hotel. To start, the location is great. It is smack dab on times square and broadway...just perfect. The lobby was very cool and somewhat trendy with dim lights and funky seating. The check in process was very quick. We arrived early and left our bags which was not a problem and were given the option of a call or text message when our room was ready. And like they said, when the room was ready we received the text message.The room was great, we asked for a view and had a great view of broadway and times square. It was a beautiful room, far bigger than what others had mentioned. Very funky bathroom with glass shower and sliding doors, loved it. Also the bed was amazing and mirrors covered much of the walls, with a huge flat screen in the middle. Overall, the hotel offered everything and more. I would highly recommend the W times square to anyone who wants the complete chic New York City experience!!!	
Mar 11 2006	Good compromise	I can't beleive that there are 100 better hotels in NYC. Some of the reviews are off the mark. If you are easily offended by some quite dull dance music in the lifts and black walls in the halls, then maybe you should stick to the dull multinational chains in the area. The customer service was great and the entrance, lobby and bar, were quite cool. We found the staff friendly and not at all snobby. Our room was not to the same standard but it had a great view. Some of the fittings in the room are ageing and some of the tiles in the shower (with a door in our case) were loose. Also the hotel bar does get busy, with lots of non-residents which was annoying. Overall a good choice for the area.	
Mar 8 2006	Lovely - But is it worth the premium???	We stayed in this Hotel during Dec 2005. Although this is a good hotel in a fantastic location, we did have some reservations.We arrived at 9.30pm, after a 12 hour journey. Our first impression was a little disturbing, as the reception basically was like walking into a trendy nightclub, in full swing. Don't get me wrong we are only young, but this did feel intimidating whilst we just wanted to get to bed!We requested a non-smoking room - but ended up with the opposite. We were advised that the hotel was full, so there was no chance of changing (probably as we were on a discounted rate). Our room was beautiful and trendy, however it was very dark, as there were only wall lights - useless for make up application. We overlooked this as our view was fabulous - full window overlooking Time Square.Our bathroom was poor (bath didn't hold water properly) and there were signs of neglect (i.e. cracked tiles). If we had paid the full rate we would have been gutted, as I have stayed in far better 4* Hotels.The location was perfect for us to explore New York, so the Hotel did not spoil our fun. To be honest we would have probably been ok with a 2-3*, as we spent most of our time out and about.Tip - make sure that you visit customer services in Bloomingdales / Macys to get a discount card, if you are out of state.	
Mar 8 2006	Happy Experience at the W Hotel Times Square	I stayed at the W from a Fri-Tues and every bit of the experience was wonderful. From the extra helpful doormen/bellstaff to the fun and friendly front desk personnel, the service and quality is excellent! I will try to stay there again on my next trip to NYC.	
Mar 6 2006	Great place!!	Our stay at the W Time Square was wonderful! We are four women ages range from 27-45. We all loved it!. The staff knows how to treat each and everyone of their customers like VIP's. I couldn't get over how attentive they were to our needs. We were on the 19th floor and were very happy with our room. Hotel is very close to Brooks Atkinson Theatre. Club Whiskey was great...talk to James and get into the vip section where dancing is lots of fun! I am a hotel snob and have stay frequently at Bellagio and Venetian in Las Vegas as well as Paris and Cannes Chic hotels. This is a FUN hotel! I am already planning my next trip...starbucks is directly across the street.	
Feb 21 2006	Good and Bad.......	Im not going to create a long winded review but i'll touch on some important issues with my stay on 2/19/06. First - the guest rooms are very small - as is typical in NYC - they are decorated in dark gray colors and the furnishings have a very cheap - IKEA feel. My sheets and duvet cover had rips/holes in them. Blue Fin was a great place to eat with very good food - athmosphere was great - modern with excellent lighting. Late in the evening we went to the club downstairs - THE WHISKEY. We had been there earlier at around 5pm just to go in and check it out. As soon as we walked down the stairs there was an overwhelming smell of TOILET BOWL in the place. It smelled like the bathroom at the port authority - it was bad - we were going to have a drink but we told the bartender about it and just let - it was BAD. Later that night we returned, curious to check it out and see if they did something about the doo-doo smell - and they did - it was fine. BUT ....Let me just tell you that the crowd was HORRIBLE - i couldnt believe the quality of people in this place - it was like all the misfits who couldnt get beyond the ropes at the better clubs. Maybe it was a slow night and the bouncers at the door by the street were ushering in whomever they could find walking by with a &quot;no cover charge&quot; deal just to fill the place up- i dont know - but when we got there were had just come from eating dinner at SPICE MARKET - (great place by the way - very chic and trendy) and were at the club across the street &quot;ONE&quot; (another great place) - no one at the whiskey was dressed well by NYC club standards - there were a lot of un-cool - very un-hip chubbies on the floor - one woman was wearing nike sneakers with MOM JEANS - ....there were some thuggish looking guys dancing with their coats and hats still on. Its was so bizarre....it was like watching a bunch of townies from oklahoma out for a big night in &quot;the big city&quot; - all excited to finally be at a GEN-U-WINE CLUHHBBB! - HORRIBLE AND NOT COOL! i swear i wish i took pics to post in this review - wouldve been funny to show these people....if you ever go there, watch out for the ass smell - lol! dont say i didnt warn you!	
Feb 10 2006	If you only read one review on this hotel....	Giselle Bavaro. That is the only name you need to know if you're thinking of having a function and staying at the W Times square. Giselle is the area manager for the W and my wife and I recently had our wedding there. We planned it for a year from the other side of the world and Giselle made it run like clock work. All the hotel staff from the doormen, the conceirge, check in, wedding staff...the nicest hotel staff I have ever come across.Forget these reviews about 'dark hallways' and 'disappointing rooms'. The hotel is in the centre of the universe and what a vibe. Get a suite and I promise you won't be disappointed.I cannot thank the W and Giselle enough for making the weekend stay as memorable as it was. It's 2 months later and they're still sending us gifts overseas! Their service extends beyond what you'd expect and that's what makes the W experience one of the best.Stay at this hotel.	
Feb 3 2006 	Great stay!	I always stay at St-Regis or W's whenever possible, and after reading some of the reviews in here I was a little concerned before I left for a 5 day business trip on which I brought my family with me (kids are 7 and 5). Our experience was great in every way. This hotel is trendy, very hip - if that's not for you don't come here. But I absolutely loved it and the kids were treated extremely well by the staff. We did have a little issue with our first suite, and they didn't even bother trying to fix it - they just upgraded us in a matter of a few hours. The hotel manager actually came to talk to us directly to apologize... he didn't need to because we understood the situation but it was a nice touch. We have already booked our next 11 days trip to NYC at this hotel in March... I would actually live here if I could :-)	
Jan 24 2006	Loved it	Just got back and this hotel is an A+- classy excellent service and central location.	
Jan 5 2006 	W = Waste of time	Have been a fan of other W Hotels. The one in Time Square is a bit cheap and disappointing. When booking would have been nice if they notified us of the planned construction that was going to start on our first day. Massage in spa was excellent... only couldn't really relax do to the hammer and chiseling 3 floors below.... not their fault. BUT the rooms very small, not impressive. The heat you turn it up a bit you boil... down a bit.... you freeze. The shower tiles were broken so after every shower you have a flood in the bathroom. Decor in rooms very dated... seemed they tried too hard, but then again so does half of NY, so once again can't fault them. One last thing, the music they play in the hallways day and night to creat atmosphere I guess... you can hear it in your rooms when you are trying to sleep. If I had to recommend a W in NY it would definitely be the one on Lex.	
Jan 2 2006	hip w	We stayed at the w times square dec 3. I used starwood points so the room was free. This was a very busy weekend in ny. Our room wasnt ready when we arrived about 4 pm, but we checked our bags, given free drink vouchers, and they called us on our cellphone when the room was ready. They had a nice warm beverage and cookies in the lobby. Everything about this hotel was very hip. I suppose you would either like or hate the decor, but we liked it. The room was nice, quiet , good shower and the usual great starwood beds. Service was good,informal. We dined at the Blue fin attached to the hotel and the food was very good(wine is pricey however) A .very good stay	
Dec 31 2005	W disappoints	We picked the W for a romantic weekend getaway. Our past W experiences have been great. This one has location, a fun entry, a neat lobby and bar. When we got to our room it was a let down. I am sure it once was a nice room but honest to GOD I think our room was used by a local fraternity for 6 months. The walls were banged up and the sink was cracked. The TV center / bureau draws were not the same style as the room. Maybe the original that went with the room was broken in a brawl. We changed rooms and found the faternity used multiple rooms. There must be better for the price in NYC.	
Dec 13 2005 	my favorite place to stay in NYC	OK, as mentioned it's got the great location, it's definitely hip and the bar is a great hang out space.Did I mention the (female)bar staff is gorgeous? Check in is very quick and efficient....I always ask for a corner room, which has a great view of Times Square and is very quiet as well.I like the decor...it is very modern and &quot;cool&quot;...you feel like you're staying a contemporary NYC apartment.The bed is very comfortable, the rooms are always quiet (well insulated for sound....important to me), the elevators are quick, there is a CD player and DVD player in the rooms, mini bar......hey it works for me!	
Dec 4 2005 	Seriously good (and oh so hip)	If black is the new 'in' color then this hotel has to be the center of everything cool. From the valets who look like they've just finished a shift at the hottest night club in town, to the rooms that are fashionably designed and funky, this hotel is now at the top of my list. Of course it didn't hurt that my company was paying the $500 a night bill (ouch), but there is no denying that this place personifies funk and cool. If you're in New York and you want to stay at a hotel that's right in the heart of it all (at Times Square) treat yourself to a special night or two and stay here.	
Dec 4 2005	W = Wonderful !!	We have recently returned from NYC and we stayed the W Hotel. This hotel is right in Times Square and was a fantastic location to get around all of the sites. This hotel is ultra contemporary and is very clean and the rooms were of a very high standard. We emailed prior to arrival to request a Times Square View (we did not pay for this) and upon arrival this was granted. The staff are highly professional and polite. We cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
Nov 29 2005	Great view of parade	We stayed at the &quot;W&quot; during Thanksgiving and were overall pleased. There were some exceptions, however. The shared experience of the W might be too much of a shared experience when it comes to bathroom activity; the bathroom's partitions are constructed of something resembling rice paper. There is no exhaust fan which can be handy at times. The second issue I had with the &quot;W&quot; was when I requested they remove the mini-bar contents. The mini-bar is on the lower open shelf of the dresser in full view and much beyond the temptation of my 14 month old son. I was informed they would charge $35 for the accomodation. Since we were already paying right at $600 per night this &quot;convenience charge&quot; seemed excessive. The room was small, the halls very dark and the bath towels similar to those you might find at a Motel 6. The view, however, was fabulous and we were right in the middle of the action.	
Nov 27 2005	Great beds great location poor receptionists!	Just returned from a four night stay at the W Hotel in Times square on a first trip to New York. I was a bit concerned having read previous reviews (after I'd booked) and true enough, the corridors were dark, the lounge music loud, and the smell from the scented candles a bit overpowering. I had asked for a corner room but this was not honoured. Our room was on 51st floor where we looked directly across into the Marriott where the rooms looked a bit more spacious.On the plus side, the location was fab and we were able to enjoy the thanksgiving day parade at close quarters. The bed was extremely comfortable, which I was very grateful for after a hard days sightseeing, and the bathroom products were first class. However I did feel that the hotel is badly let down by the desk staff who gave the impression of being too cool to deal with customers. I had to ask three times before one lady fully explained where the concierge was, why couldn't she do it first time without making me feel stupid (even if I am)? I've never seen a concierge sit in a black suit at a table with a laptop before, I thought he was a business man. The Concierge was extremely helpful though, and the maid who serviced the room was great as well.Given the excellent customer service I experienced everywhere else in New York, its a pity these desk clerks were the exception to the rule.I don't imagine I would return to this hotel as I'm sure there are plenty that are equally nice but a lot more welcoming.	
Nov 26 2005	NICE BUT KIND OF DIRTY	Nov/2006 NOT 2005 - Site won't let me select 2006. Urine smell in bathroom, bathroom not cleaned well - yellow line across shower curtain which they exchanged after complaining. Maids not doing their jobs cleaning batroom. Bed was excellent and the rest of the room was fine. Would stay there again, but bring my own LYSOL!! Good location.	
Nov 25 2005	 W Stands for Wonderful!	The W in the W New York Times Square stands for one thing, WONDERFUL! Originally booked in an Urban Suite, but we were upgraded to the Extreme Wow Suite the W’s version of the presidential suite. The suite included an ultra-chic living room with flat screen TV’s a dining set, wet bar, cow skin rug, suede and leather couches, as well as two bedrooms. The master bedroom featured one king bed, a computer, shower with four shower heads and a plasma tv in both the bedroom and bathroom. There was also a very sexy private bar area in the corridor between the bathroom and bedroom. The other bedroom included two queen beds and a standard bedroom. The four closets in the room put together probably equaled the size of a standard NYC apartment. We also had a panoramic view of Times Square, Central Park, and the Northern Section Of New York. It was exciting knowing that celebrities liked Heidi Klum and Seal slept in the same bed as us among others. The hotel is amazing!! The service was ten times better then the Mandarin Oriental at more then half the price. The experience is TRUE new york and nothing less. I suggest dining at Blue Fin the meals are to die for!!! I do not however suggest ordering “Sex in The Sheets” from room service it was a big disappointment. The W New York by far exceeded our expectations, and I disagree with the other reviewers. The W New York Times Square is A MUST!!!!!	
Nov 21 2005	Agree with the bad reviews	10 minutes on the phone for US$125 which I didn't find out until leaving when my total phone bill was $800.....this used to happen a decade ago....not now with the most competitive phone rates....kept charging me for crap breakfast service even though they promised it would be free !!! dark &amp; dirty is how I would describe it no matter what the view is like !!! I will not stay in any W or Westin Hotel again and I think Starwood Hotels (HOT is the equity ticker) is a BIG SELL.....	
Nov 14 2005	Yuck!	What a disappointment! The rooms were small and in bad condition. There was a big stain on the wall. Mirror was broken. The chic was all cheap. There was almost no service. The lobby/lounge on the seventh floor was just plain obnoxious. I feel so ripped off.	
Nov 10 2005	Take a torch	OK, the corridors are not quite that dark but the black paint and dark carpets that seem to be the signature of the modern designer hotel are strongly in evidence here.We stayed two nights having had to relocate from a nearby hotel because they were full when we decided to extend our stay. The room was clean and very pleasant. Well equipped with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was a shower room. The shower was excellent although it partially flooded the rest of the bathroom.Oddly the walls of the bathroom were made of translucent plastic - a triumph of style over substance - and of possible concern to the more prudish.The bar was excellent and popular - a bit like the Sanderson to those who know that London hotel - and the staff civil at least. The hotel could not be more centrally located but I think the hotel is still quite expensive for what it is though and while you could be assured of a perfectly pleasant - indeed enjoyable - stay here unless I got a very good rate in the future I could not say it was good value or that I would hasten back.	
Nov 7 2005	Disappointing	We just returned from a weekend trip at the W Times Square and it was disappointing. The room resembled something designed by Trading Spaces...trying and failing to be chic. The staff appeared to be overworked and under trained. We frequently visit upscale trendy new venues and this just missed the mark. Keep looking!	
Oct 19 2005	Central Modern But Maybe Too Cool??	The location of this hotel is excellent and it's within walking distance of most major attractions (Empire State, Macys, 5th Ave, Central Park etc.)It's also opposite the stop for the Grey Line downtown bus tour and beside the ticket booth for Broadway. So all in all it's great in that respect. As for the hotel itself it did have a lot of positive points such as a cool waterfall lobby and a funky reception/bar which had a great atmosphere. The rooms were nice and not too small. We were on the 30th floor so the noise wasn't too bad and the view was great of Times Square. Another plus was a great shower with lovely dimmed lights and Bliss bath products. The bed was very comfy as well and the munchie box was a nice touch. Now to the negatives... A few basics were left out of the room, e.g. an eye mask to block out the lights and ear plugs for the noise (wasn't much but it bothered me). Plus no comment card told me they don't care what we think. The staff were ok but mostly I thought a bit stand offish. It's like they are trying too hard to be cool and end up being rude. There were some exceptions but in general I found them difficult to deal with. Of special metion were the bar staff who genuinely were rude to a few people and who seemed to do no work at all except chatting among themselves. The rooms and corridors could also do with a repaint just because it's black and that can show up flaws easily in the daylight. On another positive note though we received complementary champagne for our anniversary and the complementary umberellas at reception were a nice touch, as was the free entry to the $20 nightclub below the hotel. All in all I'd say great for 20/30 somethings who like a modern style but not for those who like a classic look. Four out of five in my book for a 4* hotel.	
Oct 13 2005 	Simply Bad	I had the worst experience at the W Times Square. I wouldnt know where to start complaining o I better leave that. In NY you have plenty of hotels - but dont book this one.Marvin	
Oct 10 2005	over-rated	I stayed here with 3 other girlfriends out on a girls only trip. The first problem we ran into was that they had &quot;misplaced&quot; one of our reservations for a room with 2 beds so that 2 of us had to stay in a room with a single king sized bed. They wouldn't even compensate us for the trouble. The hotel decor was very modern and reminded me a bit of that commercial where the older couple is in a very chic and modern hotel and they couldn't figure out how to work the shower. It wasn't that bad but you get the idea. We ordered room service one night and when we finished we put the table out in the corridor because it was bulky and took up a lot of space in the room. In the morning it was still there! The lounge was packed every night on the weekend with all sorts of trendy looking young people. I admit I'm just not into the trendy scene but it seemed like the sort of place where you go just to be seen so if you're into that sort of thing this is the place for you. I would have preferred something quieter and a little more grounded. But that's just me. The thing I liked the most about this hotel is that it's right in the heart of Time Square which was fun on weekend nights and we didn't have too much trouble with traffic noise in the morning. Oh, and the pillows were wonderful!	
Oct 8 2005 	Tried to rip me off	checked in ,wih a confirmed room and confirmed corpoate rate- but the hotel was overbooked, so they tried to jack the rate ....be careful, check you bill !rooms are dark and in need of maintenance.	
Sep 13 2005	Steps Away from the Center of the Universe...	Recommended for: couples, singles, groups of friends, 20 to 30 somethings, business travelers looking to go out at night, fashion-conscious individuals, fans of W Hotels in generalNot recommended for: 50 and up (I would not recommend this hotel for my parents, in their early 70s), tourists, families (unless you have a fashion-conscious teenage daughter)What's good: sleek, modern entrance and lobby, 2 complimentary drinks at their bar, spacious rooms complete with very long vanity mirror, comfortable bed, large bathroom with complimentary Bliss bathroom products, large shower stall, excellent views of Times Square, chic Blue Fin restaurant, GREAT location in the heart of Times SquareWhat's bad: yes, you do need to put extra towels on the floor as the shower water does leak out; dark hallways? (that's too, picky, IMO--how much time does one actually spend in the hallway anyway?)Looking forward to going back and also trying another W hotel...	
Sep 9 2005 	Dark. Noisy. Just plain weird.	Stepping into the W hotel is like stepping into a &quot;Men in Black&quot; movie. If you enjoy either &quot;color&quot; or &quot;light&quot; you better run for the hills. This place is dark, dreary and just plain weird. Hallways are painted black, ultra modern decor, everything is either black, silver or chrome and the music ...let's just say that we payed for a hotel, not a rave dance party. The entire motifis techno-rave with neon lights attempting to brighten the black hallways and dreary surroundings. I felt like I was in a dark cave the entire time. The positive things this hotel has going for it is the location, the awesome turbo shower, a comfy bed and Bliss spa products as samples. The Blue Fin restaurant (located on ground level) was excellent (we had Salmon, crabcakes and creme brulee). During my business stay, I couldn't imagine anyne paying $500 a night for this hotel. I would NOT recommend this place for families. This hotel's clientele is 20 somethings with too much $$$ and no class. The staff was very friendly, but the hotel itself was less than desireable. Too many better choices. Not recommended at all.	
Sep 3 2005	In the mix	Enjoyed 3 nites at The W where my husband and I found the staff to be extremely accommodating and professional. Kudos to the concierge for some great restaurant recommendations. Centrally located and an easy walk to restaurants, the theatre, Central Park, Rockefeller Center and more. Comfortable room with stylish appointments. Would recommend it highly.	
Sep 2 2005	Decent but not great	We were overall dissapointed with this hotel. Given the W name, we were hoping for a better quality experience. The rooms were very small but clean. One of the most annoying features was that the doors don't close softly, but make a horrible bang when closing. We were looking forward to sleeping in on a Sunday, and it was not at all conducive to this. The location is very nice though, and the staff very freindly.	
Aug 29 2005	Stylish location	We stayed a the W for tow nights. It´s a nice stylish and busy hotel. The size of our room was ok, but some paint a new furniture are necessary if they would like to play in the 5 star league. If you don´t want to pay $ 7.00 for a beer from the mini bar, next door is a deli store 24/7.	
Aug 21 2005	Overpriced overrated uber-trendy	We stayed at the W Times Square for 4 Nights during July. We booked a Urban Suite for about $550/night!The hotel is very minimalistically designed, and very hip. The bar in the lobby is uber-trendy and the cocktails are great, however service wasn't very good. On weekends the bar pumps, particularly on Saturday nights. If you don't mind coming back to the hotel from your night out, and walking into a &quot;Nightclub-esque&quot; scene, this is for you. If you want a relaxed, non-intimidating stay, I recommend you stay elsewhere. This hotel is aimed at the 20-somethings.When we went to our room we were VERY DISSAPOINTED. The whole room looks extremely cheapely built. The partitions seem to be made of the cheapest, thinnest wood available. The sliding doors on the bathrooms aren't attached properly. Our shower door was missing. When we asked them whether the showers were supposed to have doors or not we were told &quot;some do, some don't&quot;. (i.e. If it came off, we didn't bother to put it back!). There isn't a bath, so all you can do is shower, in the door-less shower, and have water spray everywhere, resulting in you having to creep into the corner of the shower in order to not make a mess. Highly irritating. The basins in the bathrooms are simply &quot;floating&quot; basins with no room on the sides for the soap or anything. This also results in splashing on the floor. The lighting in the both bathrooms was terrible.On a more positive note, the bath products provided are VERY nice, from the salon &quot;Bliss&quot;. The bed was very comfortable. The location of the hotel is perfect if you're from out of town and want to be in the centre of the action. However, I would recommend staying somewhere a bit more quiet, and don't want to be in the &quot;theme-park&quot; part of New York. For first timers, this hotel's location is perfect, for the veteren traveller, perhaps Soho would be better. The best part of the hotel were the concierges, particularly Jonathan. Very friendly and a star at an otherwise average hotel. Extremely helpful, made all out restaurant reservations for our entire stay and managed to get us into some jam-packed places that normally require a month-in-advance reservation, such as Tao, which I highly recommend to anyone seeking an awesome vibey night out with great food and great music! In conclusion, if you are young, flashy, trendy, don't have particularly high hotel standards, and have a LOT of money to throw around, this hotel is for you. The only reason I would want to stay here is because it's so trendy, but it's not a good hotel, you have been warned! If you are a bit older and require a more relaxed and luxurious hotel, stay elsewhere. I found this hotel to be terribly overpriced and felt ripped off. For $500+ a night, I expected a bit more than a nightclub with cheap rooms.	
Aug 8 2005	The Best Service!!	Spent two nights with my husband celebrating a milestone birthday. The staff were friendly, considerate and even sent a complimentary bottle of champagne and godiva chocalate to our room while we were out. The rooms were cozy and very romantic and we had a great view of Times Square. The lounge in the main lobby was great for people watching and the dance club downstairs was fun with great music. We even ate at the blue fin which was delicious. If your looking for a great hot weekend stay at this hotel, you won't be disappointed	
Aug 7 2005	Extremely Overrated	This place has all the hype, but little to support to it. We stayed for one night and found the staff to be nice, but not responsive nor responsible. The room itself was just okay and not very clean. For example, we had a small off-white chair in the corner that looked like it was donated from the Salvation Army--not what you would expect for $350. This has all the bells &amp; whistles of a supped up Howard Johnson. Having stayed at numerous 5 star hotels, this place cannot compare. The one pleasant surprise was that there was no extra charge for the air you breathed while staying in the room. In addition, they attempt to extort $6.50 for a bottle of water (that is apparently considered an extra for a $350 room). If you prefer living in lighted surroundings, please be sure to bring a flashlight as there two 30watt bulbs in the entire room. Finally, our call to retrieve our car went completely ignored &amp; we had to wait outside for 30 minutes. If you are used to staying at top notch establishments, do not stay at the W. For this price, look elsewhere!	
Aug 4 2005	Loved the "W"	Great location, very hip, comfortable beds and great nightlife.	
Aug 4 2005	Loved it....	We've just returned from a birthday celebration in New York and wanted somewhere a bit different to stay. I'm pleased to say we found it here - very trendy place with nice rooms and great service. Good bathroom products (Bliss) and really comfortable beds and pillows.We had a corner room which was an upgrade with two windows over Broadway which was superb (if you like to look down on the action which we do!). Good size TV and DVD / CD player with films and music to loan.Good cocktails (reasonably priced for NY) and the Blue Fin restaurant has a great atmosphere and good food. Wine can be a bit pricey but there are some good choices at the lower end ($38).Some comments on this site about the W hotel are a bit negative - yes the corridors are dark, and the decor is minimalist but this is all down to personal taste. It suited us just fine but if you're a chintz lover then you'll hate it. The staff recommended some good restaurants for us and booked tables etc. and everyone was really helpful.Would definitely go again.	
Aug 1 2005	Wonderful Stay at the W	We stayed at the W on Times Square July 29-31, 2005. We had a suite on the 28th floor with great views of Times Square. Room was very clean, housekeeping was quick with request for more pillows, towels, shampoos, etc. Loved having Bliss products supplied by the hotel! Incredible bed with down comforter, our suite had two bathrooms, both were very clean.We'd absolutely love to stay there again.	
Jul 25 2005	Nice hotel w/ friendly staff	I stayed at the W hotel Times Square this past weekend with a few friends. This was my first time in NYC. This hip hotel was in a great location for first time visitors and the staff was very friendly. The room was nice but small (although from what I hear this is typical for hotels in NYC) and not as clean as I would expect from this level of hotel. Overall a positive stay.	
Jul 25 2005	Aging Fast	Stayed at the W in Times Square a couple years ago when it first opened and it was amazing. Fun, chic and great location. Stayed at it again a week ago and it is really aging fast - the hip, cool furnishings in the rooms are dirty. The room we stayed in had a plugged sink and one of the mirrors were broken. (We did not report it as it wasn't worth wasting our time on since we had limited time in NY). The staff was hit or miss. For example, check-in was fine but the bar staff was rude and complained about us ordering a mixed drink (the relatively common mojito) that was a 'signature' drink because they had to go to the other end of the bar to make it (for a $12 drink!). Also, for a &quot;hip&quot; hotel it was a joke to see cleaning supllies (mop, bucket, vacuum) out in the bar on a Saturday night at 1 am when the bar was still open and packed....don't get me wrong - this place still has a fantastic location. is still nice and quiet compared to the chaos in Times Square and still often aims to please but the hotel is really declining fast - lets hope not all the &quot;Ws&quot; get this way as this location used to be my gold standard for a 'W'.	
Jul 20 2005	Great Location responsive staff	The location can't be beat: close to everything and near beautiful central park. The staff was very responsive to any request we made. As an SPG gold member they upgraded me to the 49th floor and we had an excellent view of Broadway. A bit dark (they need backlighting on the elevator numbers: we old guys can’t read the numbers) and a good tourist hotel though not great for business: The cramped business center almost seems to be an afterthought and the room desk was not particularly useful for actual work.Very nice workout center: each workout machine has it’s own TV, ear phones, weights, water. They play this ‘modern” background music constantly and it eventually gets quite old: change up a bit.On balance, we enjoyed our stay though I think equally nice and well located hotels can be had for about 50-75 less per night.	
Jul 13 2005	Overpriced and dark	Stayed at this hotel in April. It is is right in the heart of Times Square which was great for a newcomer to the city like myself, however, I don't think I'd want to stay on Time Square again as it is far too busy. The hotel itself was okay, although overpriced (although maybe that is what you have to pay to stay so centrally in NY). The positives about the hotel are: it had a great gym, bed was comfortable, room was quiet and the bar area was quite cool. However, although the hotel was stylish (had funky music playing in the lifts and reception area) most of the staff were unfriendly and pretentious (with an air of superiority - they sort of made you feel like they were doing you a favour by serving you). Also, the decor was very dark (black corridors and grey walls in the rooms), and it was beginning to get slightly shabby (the bathroom in particular could have done with a re-paint). I certainly would not stay at this hotel if I had children. Overall, I don't think I would stay at this hotel for future trips to NY as it was a little overpriced and felt unwelcoming.	
Jul 8 2005	Could be better	We stayed for 6 nights at the W Times Square, and though this is purportedly the &quot;flagship&quot; for the W chain, we found it somewhat &quot;dirty&quot; for lack of a better word.Call me picky, but I don't particularly care to see large brown stains of indeterminate origins on the blinds, and I don't want to see trash beneath the bed. The hotel needs a little more upkeep.ln the upside, the hotel is in a great central location, and though it is in crazy Time Square, it was remarkably quiet. The lobby area is the typical uber-chic W style with a happening bar scene. The staff was helpful and the concierge was helpful, though they could not get us a reservation at PerSe... (apparently takes an act of God)	
Jun 28 2005 	Too much trendy not enough quality	The good: free Bliss products, trendy nightclub scene, quiet hotel for one with Times Sqr location (i'm talking about the street noise), it's where the &quot;beautiful people&quot; stay, friendly staff, cool music.The bad: Poor quality especially for the price. Stayed several times, each room was worn out. White furniture shows age and dirt. Beds are standard hotel, not the &quot;heavenly beds&quot; of sister Westin brand. Doors are thin, can hear music from hall. Closet door is hallow. Bathroom is made of cheap fixtures. Sliding door and bathroom walls probably came from Ikea, which isn't bad except your paying a luxury hotel price for it. Shower curtain standard dirty hotel issue. Shower tiles standard bathroom tiles, where's the marble or fancy stone? Wall of mirrors in your room is a bit cheesy.If you need trendy, stay at the Westin Times Sqr, if you want value, stay at the Waldorf Astoria. If you absolutely must stay with all the trendy Europeans visiting NYC, then stay here.	
Jun 18 2005 	Consistent and Comfortable	I have stayed at many hotels, up and down the scale... I have to rank this hotel as one of my favorites because it's consistent and the location is convienant (heart of times square, never short of a cab, expensive/cheap food can be found around the corner, starbucks and mcdonalds around the corner, etc). I typically stay away from modern Ian Schragger type hotels (HATE THEM)... so despite the modern/hip decor at this hotel, I like it because it's a new hotel compared to the other two W hotels on the east side (renovated apartment building). Those rooms are tiny and the fixures are OLD... at this location, it's modern, clean and comfortable. The rooms are comfortably spacey (not large but decent for NY), the beds/comforters always meet expectations, the service is good... the concierage always makes good restaurant recommendations.The only negative is that the lobby acts as a bar (during the weekends it gets pretty crowded). The music can be loud but it doesn't carry to the room.	
Jun 13 2005	Nice Hotel but needs improvement	Just got back from the W hotel in Times square. The hotel was a very nice hotel and most of the staff was very friendly. There were a couple things we didnt like about the hotel - when we got there our tv didnt work, and we could not get our door to stay closed. they had to come up and fix both. Not a big deal but just wanted to point them out.The bathrooms are tiny, no seperation between the toilet and the shower. So very little privacy. The shower door sucked and every time we took a shower the bathroom got water everywhere. Our main complaint was the rudeness of the bartender in the main bar. The gal kept making our drinks wrong according to the drink menu and when we finally brought it to her attention she became even ruder. At $12.50 a pop, we were not very happy. We had to get the bar manager involved who offered very little except to remake our last drink (we spent $300 at the bar over 3 days which isnt a ton considering the drink prices) The next day i spoke to the hotel manager who was very apolgetic and credited our drinks from the previous night. The bar manager told us the bar was a seperate entity and not part of the hotel, which we really could care less about, we just wanted hassle free service. The hotel staff was amazing. They were all so nice. The door guys were always so friendly, and the concierge made reservations for us in some of the nicest places. We had a blast.I worked out every morning in the hotel gym, which was full of basic precor equipment, and had lots of cardio. We had a massage and a facial, the massage was nice, the facial was not so great.We dropped about $1,000 the whole time we were at the hotel as it was our anniversary and the only complaint we really had was the rudeness of the hotel bar girl with long frizzy hair LOLThere is a great deli next door with cold drinks, great food, and open 24 hours. Also a starbucks about 300 feet from the front door.There is also a roxy deli about 4 stores down, a planet hollywood with a great bartender (we went there after the w hotel girl was rude to us), and walking distance to some great places.If you have any questions drop us a line. Also I buy unwanted american air miles if anyone has any.good luck	
Jun 6 2005	Comfortable 	We enjoyed our stay at the W hotel. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and quiet. It was amazing how quiet the hotel is compared to the noise and action of Times Square. The location was very convienent.The decor was modern featuring darker colors, which I found quite pleasing (especially after having my senses assaulted by the HONKING and blaring lights outside). The staff was friendly and greeted us each time we left and returned to the hotel. I did not have any problems with the staff as everyone was very accomodating. I searched long and hard for a hotel within this price range that would offer the convienence and cleanliness. The W is a good place to stay. Upon return I would like to stay in a different area besides Times Square (though it was a good experience as a first time visitor to NYC.) Greenwich Village and SoHo as well as the business district would be a nice place to stay. Good luck on your travels.	
Jun 3 2005	Fun and friendly	I have just returned having stayed at the W for 5 nights .Although there were a few teething problems with my requested room , these were soon resolved to our satisfaction. Infact the hotel and staff couldn`t have been more friendly and helpful. I thought the hotel was excellent value as they let my 17 year old daughter and friend stay in the room with us for free. I booked direct with Starwood using the internet special rate and i would certainly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for something a bit different . The location is excellent if you like to be in the &quot;hub of it all&quot; .Credit goes out to all the genuine friendly staff who made out stay a pleasure .	
Jun 1 2005 	a dissapointment in the cleanliness department	I will confess, I am a bit of a neat-freak, and going to hotels makes me wary. I have heard nothing but wonderful things about the Starwood hotel chains, and their commitment to excellence. The staff had an attitude, but that is something I can overlook, seeing that they were incredibly busy seeing that it is Times Square (however a smile goes a long way). The lobby was in very good shape, and I was feeling positive about my stay, until I got off the elevator. The stained hallways should have been my first clue. The room was certainly not up to my standards. And by that I mean stained linens, and a hair or two in my shower, which makes me question when they last cleaned it. Perhaps it was just a hair from the cleaning personnel, but I don't care. Next time I think I will stay at a different hotel a bit outside of Times Square. I've heard nice things about the Royalton and The City Club. I think I'll book a room at one of those in the future.	
May 23 2005	Too Overpriced	This hotel was very nice. I liked the theme and the room was ok although for the price very small. I expected alot more for what I payed for this hotel.	
May 19 2005	Not that great.	Location is good.Hotel staff has an attitude, maybe that 's normal at a W Hotel. Hotel is very dark, and rooms are not as clean as one would expect from this chain. Also disputed a charge added to the bill that was in error. This was removed but showed up on card again a month later. There are better places to stay in NYC.	
May 13 2005	Way overpriced	I certainly would not stay at the W again and am sorry for my bad experience. I felt the room was not exceptionally clean, which I would have expected. Also, they really could lose the comforter covers - they are silk and would never stay on the bed, just slid right off if you moved. Also, the temperature of the room could never be adjusted correctly.	
May 6 2005	Ok but felt a bit dirty	It was not an awful stay, but it felt like the room was dirty. Wtih all the black paint, it was hard to really see how far it went. The staff was nice and the location was good. Overall, I had a nice trip, but I wouldn't stay here again.	
May 4 2005	Caveats	The W Hotel offered us a very good rate in NYC, and the rooms are very comfortable and clean. However, the bathrooms are too small and it's difficult to maneuver even with small items like hair dryers, etc -- little or no counter space. In addition, the bar service (2 of them) completely ignored us as we sat there, in plain view, for over 20 minutes. They were not that busy and kept on serving other people who came in after us.	
Apr 29 2005	Ok little bit overpriced	We stayed at W Times Square from April 21-24, 2005. We were really looking forward to our stay there since this hotel has the best location in all Times Square! Last year, we stayed at W Lakeshore in Chicago and had the best weekend of our life, so we were looking forward to this weekend as well.The hotel is very nice, although I'll have to say that the lobby is too bright and is not cozy at all. In addition, if you want to use the gym and are staying in the upper rooms, you need to take 2 elevators to do so. The good thing is that you can waive the $20 entrance fee for it's lounge if you are a hotel guest. Overall, the hotel is great but I'd rather return to the one in Chicago (watch out since there are 2 in the area) than to this one.	
Apr 29 2005	Over rated staff has never heard of the Starwood promise	It's a shame this hotel has a wonderful bar and rest. However for the price I would avoid staying here if you are bothered by heat when you sleep. The hotel rooms have only heat during the winter months and A/C in the summer. Unfortunately for me during March the temperatures went in the 60's. The sun heated the hotel all day making the room temp reach the 80's. The hotel did not have enough fans for all the requests by guests. When I complained to the front desk they said I was one of many guests who complained but there was nothing that could be done. (I have no idea why they didn't just turn the A/C on). Anyway I reminded them of the Starwood promise such as a free room or extra Starwood points if not satisfied, the girl at the front desk pretended like she had never heard of it. There are much better places to stay in Times Square for the price.	
Apr 23 2005	Very very chic....loved it.	My family(mom,dad,sister, and myself)just got back yesterday from our first trip to NYC. I just loved this hotel. It was very chic and trendy, and decorated very nicely. The beds were beyond comfortable, the staff was very, very, very, very friendly, and it's in a great location. I was in awe from the moment I stepped in the hotel. The rooms were not exactly huge, but still a good size for New York. I will definetly stay there the next time I go to NYC!	
Apr 22 2005	This hotel puts you off New York completely	If you want to feel unwelcome in a foreign city, this is the hotel where you should stay. First, there is the check-in from hell. I was at first refused stay in this hotel because my room was paid for by Starwood points!!!! (That already defeats the purpose of collecting points for free stays by choosing Starwood hotels over other chains.) Check-in staff and in particular, one Nick Ivezaj, seem to have had their training in a military camp. Never have I encountered such unfriendly, arrogant and impolite staff.Secondly, the standard of cleanliness leaves much to be desired. The hotel also runs out of toiletries, I believe, in a bid to make you purchase the full size products they have on sale in the bedroom.Thirdly, it is a badly-lit hotel where you can hardly see anything, especially in the common areas. If you want to experience the feeling of staying in a bat cave, that's the place to go!Lastly, but most importantly, I was charged incorrectly for meetings/conventions expenses, when I was there on holiday for the Easter break and certainly not on business. So beware of extra charges on your dedit/credit card statements when you get back home. It seems they will do anything to get extra money from you.So avoid this hotel by all means when staying in New York. There are hundreds of other hotels which are much better.	
Apr 17 2005	Just W.onderderland... 	We just Loved it...Wonderful views, beautiful design, staff with the right attitude. Fab location.The hotel: located on Times SquareThe room: Good size for NYC, Bliss sample bag, CD player to play you favourite music. Packed with little extras to make your life easier. Coffee maker. Bathrobe.Big bathroom.Had a corner room on the 47th floor. Fab view on Times Square.Not much wardrobe/storage space.Bar: very trendy, relax atmosphere. The only place in the hotel the staff was not very pleasant.	
Apr 12 2005	Excellent LOVED IT!	I recently stayed at the W Times Square for 1 night. We had a GREAT time. The staff were excellent, from check-in to housekeeping to concierge - it was flawless all 'round. Gone is the typical 'W' attitude I've seen elsewhere, and there was a genuine desire to have guests comfortable.We got a corner room on the 57th (top) floor that was &quot;Spectacular&quot; (their description for it. It really was - we asked for the upgrade and somehow got it. The room was large for NYC, with great sound insulation. The bathrooms were a tad tight, but modern and efficient. The room furniture was extremely modern and funky. The bed was excellent, perfect sheets, comfortable pillows and a lovely bed spread. Each room had an iron, awesome bath robes (really comfortable!), and plenty of great bathroom 'Bliss' products (which are displayed prominently in your room for sale - a tiny bit disappointing).The location is brilliant, right on Times Square, the downstairs bar is a happening place (recommended for 20-30 yr olds).Definitely 5 stars for me. Would stay here again for the location, quiet rooms, and fantastic beds! (photo I took attached)	
Apr 11 2005	Great experience	I just returned from a 3-day stay. My 10-year-old daughter and I were doing a father-daughter Broadway trip. This hotel is nicely designed inside and out, and the great location is self-evident. It is clearly aimed at the 20-40-year-old set, but the staff were delightful in their interactions with my daugher. The big burly too-cool ultra-hip staff always had an extra wink or grin for her, even as they were trying to look cool to the other clients. The service was commendable in all aspects. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Midtown.	
Apr 5 2005	Fantastic! Exceed all expectations!	Stayed at the W Times Square for 3 days. Check in was fast and efficent. We got a corner room on the 46th floor with one window that gave us a view of the Times Square tower and the other window of Uptown and the Hershey store. Large for NYC, EXCELLENT BED, and great sound insulation. I could never hear the elevators and our room was right behind them nor could I hear conversations from the room next to us. All the complaints about lack of counterspace or water spilling out into the floor of the bathroom due to the lack of a complete door didn't affect me. PLenty of counter space and water wasn't splashing out. If you need more counter space don't bring a palooza of stuff and if your water spashes out, what are you doing? Flailing your arms? Cab and elevator service were fast and next to the elevators on the floors they have cute little TV's that play MTV but have no sound. Would return again in a heartbeat. Plus you can't beat location like that. (For us it, perfect view, close to subway and literally across the street from where Aida was playing.) A+++++	
Apr 4 2005	nice hotel but.....	Stayed in New York a number of times and would recomend the Hiltons over the W. We normally do not stay in Times Square due to the horrible traffic and touristy shops, ie, Hershey, wax museums you get the picture. The hotel rooms at the W are small, typical of most NYC hotel rooms, it was very clean and the view we had was pretty good, not all rooms have a nice view ask to stay in rooms ending with 12. The rooms even above the 42nd floor were noisy. The heater system was on and did not convert to A/C. This means you had to open your window to the noise of Times Square. The rooms and hallways are dark and are painted gray which gives the place a modern club feel if this is your bag. One of the concierge gentlemen was very helpful, the other needed therapy for his poor attitude. The other staff people were excellent. Towels deliverd to the room were quick. The lobby, as most hotels in times square, is small and crowded. You have to transfer elevators twice to get to your room, check in and the bar is on 7th. The decor of the hotel I would call modern with an edge of tacky, but clean. Most rap stars would consider it classsy. When checking hotel rooms ask for the size of the room by sqare footage, the Hilton Times Square, the Ritz at Battery Park and some of the newer hotels have larger rooms. Stay at central park, upper east side it is much much nicer and you can get to times square if you want to catch a show. Do not use carmel car service, the car into the city was nice the one going out was filthy.	
Mar 23 2005 	A swanky place to stay!	I just got back from staying at the W for 3 nights and it was a great place to stay. I was attending a conference at the Marriott Marquis and chose to stay away from the conference crowds and booked a room at the W. The entrance is on 47th away from the hustle and bustle of Broadway, which was perfect. When I checked in, my room wasn't ready yet so I left my bags with them and went on my way. When I returned later that evening to pick up my room key, my bags were delivered less than 5 minutes after I got to my room! My room was really nice - the bed and pillows were SO comfortable. The only noise I could hear was anyone talking loudly in the hallways but that hardly happened during my stay. You couldn't hear any of the street noise at all. The bar/lounge area in the lobby looked really cool but I didn't get a chance to hang out there. The housekeeping staff was very nice and helpful and promptly responded to my requests for more towels, toiletries or service. Room service was prompt and the food was delicious. I had a couple of wrong charges on my bill and they took care of it without hesitation or question. If I ever come back to NYC, I'll be sure to stay here again!	
Mar 22 2005	W Hotel - Times Square	This is a difficult review to write. The hotel on it's own is wonderful. The beds are so comfortable, the rooms a bit small but nice, and we had a tremendous view from our room on the 54th floor. We did not have any problems with any of the staff at the actual hotel, they were friendly and accomodating.We encountered only one problem while we were there. We were blamed for making too much noise and a hotel representative came to the room and was actually quite rude about it. Well, it wasn't our room, we were asleep, it was the next room, we were the ones that made the call! After bringing this to their attention, we were not even given an apology for their staff's behavior and attitude.The problem is with the support or lack their of of the STARWOOD group and their telephone and customer service people. They were terrible, rude, and never addressed some problems we had with the allocation of our STARWOOD Points and a couple of issues. The problem was so bad that my company cancelled our account with them. So beware!Summary: The hotel is nice, good location and comfortable. The staff is good, the support before and after will be nonexistent.	
Mar 17 2005	Superb location	W-Hotel Times Square has a fantastic location and for a first time visitor to NY this hotel offered us the complete NY experience.The hotel definitely leans towards the late twenties/thirties age group and has a lively bar in the hotel lobby. The greeting at reception and the help we received with room service was superb and the concierge was extremely helpful and even called through 20 Irish pubs when trying to locate me a place to watch the Ireland v England rugby match at 10am in the morning!The rooms are good sized and the beds are fantastic.My only downside was the bar in the hotel. The girl serving our table actually complained when we only gave her a $4 tip for two drinks! I explained that we were planning on spending the evening in the bar and would probably order 6 or 7 drinks throughout the evening and if she expected us to tip her $4-5 each time then she was mad! I then realise that nobody in NY does anything for you through politeness as everyone is expecting a tip! That really took the shine of an otherwise superb stay	
Mar 17 2005	Good hotel if you don't mind noise.	I stayed at the W for 4 nights Christmas 04. I was going to stay at the Plazza but after reading reviews on here it was the only hotel i could change to at short notice. Overall it wasn't too bad, i had a average sized corner room looking onto Times Square, my only real complaint about the room is that the walls are paper thin, someone from cali said &quot;good soundproof rooms&quot; i'll guarantee you this hotel has no such thing, you can hear every single word spoken within 10ft of your room, they should supply ear plugs, as it's obviously a young/vibrant location, it would make the rooms far more restfull.The staff were ok, i'm starting to see a trend with usless check in procedures, i emailed and rang ahead of my visit to confirm i would be arriving early from the UK and would like early check in, i was told this would be fine. Arriving at 11:30 am our room wasn't ready unitl 4pm, this would never happen in any hotel that valued their customers. Concierge was unhelpful, the bar was quite good, however they kept reserving most of the seating area every evening for what looked like friends of the security/bar staff.Above all the location is fantastic, taxi's were always outside the Blue Fin restaraunt was very nice, if not over priced, (even for NY).I won't stay here again unless it's for a very good price and i take ear plugs, i feel there's better hotels in NY in this price range.	
Mar 13 2005	Pretty good	Just got back from a 6 night stay. Got upgraded to a corner room on the 47th floor. Had great views of the river and the skyline on one side. The other side was another hotel.Bathroom seemed to have been a little worn out and the shower did tend to splash out a little (though a floor mat solves the problem).Room itself was an alright size. Bed was a little short for some reason, though really comfortable!Check in staff was very helpful though concierge did seem a little strange stand-offish at times. Bell hops and door men were practically ignoring people.Overall, a great hotel for singles/couples with the buzzing lounges and superb location. I really enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay here again. The redeeming factor for me was the view, without it I wouldnt know how chuffed I would have been with the hotel.	
Mar 8 2005	Loved the W	I loved this place. The decor is great and though the rooms are small, it's very modern with a spectacular lobby. And of course, the location is fabulous.	
Mar 6 2005	Poor Service and Depressing Techno Rave Hotel	My son and I had reservations for 4 nights at the &quot;W&quot; in a &quot;spectacular&quot; room. We arrived at 11:30 am and asked to be placed on a priority check in since we knew we might not be able to check in that early and I informed them we had a 5:30 dinner reservation. ( Check in is 3:00 pm ). I had reserved a non smoking room with 2 double beds 2 months out. The check in clerk said &quot; your room will not be ready until around 2:00pm. We have you in a king size bed &quot;smoking&quot; room. I informed him I had asked for 2 double beds and a non smoking room. He said &quot; Do you have your confirmation that shows proof you had asked for a non-smoking room with 2 double beds ?&quot; I produced my copy of the &quot;W&quot; 's email and it did not state smoking or non-smoking. He said well if you &quot;had&quot; reserved a non-smoking room it would have said so. He said we can move you to a non smoking room tomorrow but you will have to stay in a smoking room tonite. I have never had a desk clerk &quot;question&quot; my integrity and insinutated that I was trying to deceive him !!! This is customer service ? We then spent the next 30 minutes trying to locate a luggage check, since they dont check it for you at the desk. I approached the one person that I saw manning the luggage cart and issuing claim tickets and she said, &quot; Im sorry you will have to wait until I return&quot;. She returned 20 minutes later and was mobbed by all the other people waiting in the lobby! Why should it take almost an hour to check your bag? We lfinally checked our bags and went out on the city to have lunch and returned to the hotel at 3:00 pm to find our room not ready. The lobby was filled with about 70 -80 other guests &quot;waiting&quot; for their rooms also. Techno -new wave music blasts 24-7 in the lobby and elevators so much so its very difficult to even hear the check in clerk or concierge. The lobby is one small dark very very loud bar. At 4:15 pm our room was still not ready so I asked to speak to the manager. (It seems they hate when you ask that.) The desk clerk disappeared for about 10 minutes and returned with a reservation for a cheaper room than what I had reserved. I took it. She said that it was a non smoking with 2 double beds and was $289. So at 4:30 pm I finally was able to check in and get dressed for a 5:30 pm dinner reservation. No one offered to show us to our room which is not easy to find given that the corridors walls and ceilings are painted black making it very hard to see where you are going and the room numbers. All weekend we smelled cigarette smoke coming through the adjacent room door and bathroom exhaust. The closet was no more than 2 feet wide ( and this included the ironing bd ) The room was equally small and very dimly lit with no where to open your suit case except the floor. The walls and doors are poor construction. You can hear everything being said in the adjacent room and hallways. The beds are great but what good is that if you cant sleep due to the noise and smell of cigarette smoke ? At check out, they charged me $309 for my room instead of the $289 they had written on my check in card. This is the worst property I have ever stayed in and will never stay in a W hotel anywhere. If this is indicative of the Starwood Properties then I will avoid those too. There are much better and cheaper places in New York that have real &quot;cool&quot; appeal. Try the Chambers Hotel for true cool appeal and an incredible restful sleep and excellent service.	
Mar 3 2005	Delightful buzzy Hotel	Just returned from a three night break in New York staying at the W Hotel Times Square. Fabulous hotel - very buzzy especially at night in the bar on the 7th floor. The hotel was brilliant and the staff could not have been more helpful. The room was a delight - we were on the 33rd floor with a view over part of Times Square and the neon lights. Loved everything about the holiday although our legs were aching with all the walking we did. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in the centre of Times Square and within walking distances of lots of attractions.	
Feb 27 2005	Great Location	My husband and I stayed one night at the W Hotel in Times Square. We are from the area (husband works in Manhattan), so this was more of a simple night away from home for us rather than a &quot;big trip to the Big Apple.&quot; The room was clean and the staff was friendly. I particularly liked the Bliss bath and body products, the complimentary cotton bathrobe, and the comfy down comforter. If you're from out of town, this is a great location, as you're certainly in the hubbub of it all. Excellent access to all the major tourist attractions. I would recommend this hotel mostly to the younger folk (under 50), as it was a bit trendy and chic, with dark hallways and low lighting in most areas. However, not a major issue at all.	
Feb 21 2005	Awesome!	This was one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had in New York - and I've stayed around. From the welcome at the entrance to the minute we left, everything was great. The rooms are very nice and the location is perfect. The people were so friendly without being over the top and everytime I saw someone they would say hello and ask how I was. The hotel is very clean and overall a pleasure to stay in.	
Feb 20 2005	Wonderful hotel perfect location	We stayed at the W December 19-22, 2005, and we LOVED it. The experience was wonderful from the time we stepped into the front door. The decor was unlike any I have ever seen in a hotel before-very modern and relaxing. Our room was number 3404. I am very picky about hotels, but I felt like this room was clean and well maintained. It had a mirrored headboard that went all the way to the ceiling. The bathroom had a shower (no tub) with a clear glass door. Everything is decorated in shades of gray, silver, and black. It is dark, but not in a bad way. We really loved the room. The only problem was the view. I had requested a room with a view of Broadway, but we could only barely see it from the bottom corner of the window. Most of our view was into the rooms of the hotel next door. The windows can only be opened about 3 inches, so you can't lean your head out to see any better. I would recommend requesting a room number ending in 01 such as 3401, so there would be a good view of Times Square. The staff was very helpful and friendly the entire time, and the location is wonderful. If you check on different websites and find a rate lower than their site offers they will match that price plus 10%. That saved us quite a bit because it is quite expensive. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 7 2005	FABULOUS!!!	Stayed here last week - the whole experience from start to finish was pretty flawless! Room was big by Manhattan standards and beautifully furnished - I guarantee you will have the best nights sleep of your life in the huge marshmallow beds! Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel has just the right mix of being fashionable and stylish without being pretentious. Breakfast in the adjoining Blue Fin restaurant is a must. And if you want an easy night of people watching with great food, drink and service, start off with cocktails in the 7th floor lobby bar followed by dinner in the 400 seat Blue Fin restaurant.	
Feb 5 2005	Great hotel	I've stayed at the W Times Square twice - once in July, 2004, and a second time in January, 2005. Was very happy both times, and got a great government rate. The front desk staff is very professional and friendly. The rooms are large as NYC goes, and they sample Bliss products, which are fun. The rooms are clean, and the housekeeping staff is vigilant and polite. Concierge quite helpful. There are subway stops all around the hotel, so you can quite easily and quickly get anywhere you might wish to go. There is a 24-hour hot deli right next door, which is great! (Try their breakfast sandwiches - they are wonderful). I agree with the poster who said that this hotel is probably not the best selection for those with children - but this is a great hotel for singles and adults. The bar is hopping! The fitness room is a bit small, but the treadmills and elliptical trainers each have their own tv (although not all were working when we were there), which is a nice diversion. Also, if you become a Starwood Preferred Member (it's free - sign up at the front desk), you can get airline miles, which I use. I will happily stay here again.	
Jan 20 2005	Perfect Weekend	I took my wife the NYC for our 10th anniversary. The room was fantastic and the service was great. You have to be careful of some of the concierge recommendations for restaurants. They are more interested in the 'scene' than the cuisine. Rooms this big at this price are hard to find.	
Jan 18 2005	W Times Square is Amazing	I have stayed at the W Times Square 7 times and each and every experience was amazing. I was there most recently from 01.13.05 - 01.17.05. Everything about the hotel is first class. Which is all the more amazing given that it is right in the middle of times square, which at times can border on over-the-top tacky. The rooms are well appointed and extremely comfortable and now feature Bliss bath products. The staff is super friendly and professional. The Living Room bar is very hip and the bartendars are great. Lastly, the Blue Fin has excellent food and is always bustling. Can't think of one negative thing to say about the place other than your best bet on rooms would be to request a room without an adjoing door, these rooms are more sound proof than the ones that have a door adjoining another room.Stay at the W and enjoy.For great dining options in the area, try Marseilles on 44th and 9th, Etcetera Etcetera on 44th between 9th and 8th [this place is brand new and the staff is a blast, espcially Joe] 44 and X on 44th and 10th and Thalia at 49th and 8th.For Bars and Clubs try Xth Avenue Lounge [Tyler rocks], Therapy and Barrage. Xth and Therapy are somewhat mixed, Barrage is mostly gay.	
Jan 18 2005	Perfect for a NY weekend!	We spent a weekend at the W in February 2002, and it still sticks in my mind as one of the best hotels we have stayed in.Our room was small, but this is a trait of most W rooms so was not unexpected. However the fixtures, fittings and amenities were second to none - the bed was pure luxury!Room service for breakfast was excellent, and the hotel bar was buzzing on Saturday night with lots of NY trendy types, which may be off-putting for some but for us it was the perfect place to enjoy a few (expensive) cocktails.After this experience, we'll always seek out a W when visiting the States and hope to stay at the W Sydney later this year.Highly recommended!	
Jan 13 2005 	GREAT EXPERIENCE!	Great location if you want to be in the middle of it all.. nice, BIG soundproof rooms, good service, wonderful ammenities, beautiful bar, it's like being in your own little world right in the middle of it ALL! ENJOY!	
Jan 11 2005	Good all rounder	My family and I went to the New York for my daughters 21st birthday, staying at the 'W' Time Square, and we all agreed it was a wonderfull experience, the Manager, and all members of staff were very helpfull, from booking very good resturants, to giving directions and getting cabs.Its very central for very good eating places / bars, and site seeing, we ate in the Blue Fin, highly reccomended. The beds and pillows were the best ever, also the rooms were very clean and classy, with a good mini bar, I would suggest staying on a high floor, as this gives you less street noise. When we go back to NYC, it will be on the top of our list.	
Jan 5 2005	Don't break anything!!	Great location, good rooms, service however left a lot to be desired - concierge was rude as were the lobby staff unwelcoming but have to say all the housekeeping staff were excellent, - and if you break anything you will be charged believe me!! So if it happens, get an invoice and check your rights!!	
Dec 24 2004	Do not miss this Wonderful Experience!	Having visited New York City on several vacations (and roomed at a different hotel each time), I stayed at the W-Times Square for the first time during my most recent NYC visit (12/19/04 through 12/21/04) and fully endorse the entire W experience. The ambiance – lighting, décor and aroma – is chic yet not gaudy. The employees seem genuine, friendly and quite helpful. The location is superb as most everything generally considered “touristy” (e.g. Theatre District, Radio City, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Empire State Building, and Times Square) may be reached by walking, which is the best way to see New York anyway. Appropriately, the NYC finale is the return to the tranquility of a peaceful oasis with a well-stocked mini-bar and truly heavenly bed that makes for an exceptionally restful slumber. Definitely a place to lodge at least once, the W-Times Square is the place to which I hope to return for future NYC visits.	
Dec 12 2004	Totally chic hip relaxing	We stayed at the W Times Square from Dec. 7-11, 2004. After a 2 1/2 hour plane delay because of fog and rain, we arrived at the W around 10PM. Found the lobby on the 7th floor and checked in tired and hungry. Simply asked the deck clerk for a nice room with a view. We were escorted up to the 42nd floor and had an incredible corner room with views all around us. Unpacked and headed down to their restaurant Blue Fin around 10:30. Had no reservation, dressed in jeans and could not have been treated any better. The Maitre'D was friendly, our waiter was great and the manager chatted us up before we left. Had a wonderful appetizer, cocktail and headed for our room.The room is cozy in size with ammenities everywhere. Bliss bath products, 300 count ironed linens, fax machine, portable phones, indirect mood lighting, pillows by the dozen, cd player with soothing W music etc. We were concerned with street noise and bright lights being in Times Square. The blinds darkened the room beautifully and we had our soft music on 24/7 to help with street noise.The living room (accross from check in on 7th floor) is a wonderful place for cocktails. Large leather chairs and sofas with pillows. This is a great hang out for pre shopping cocktails, after shopping cocktails, pre dinner cocktails, post dinner cocktails....you get the picture.We ordered room service twice. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. Both were wonderfulThe concierge desks were very helpful. We especially liked Gilmar. He has been doing this for a while and you can tell enjoys his job.Don't miss the aromatherapy packages they offer. We took advantage of the relaxation one. For $25 you get a relaxation CD, temple oil, eye bag and chamomile pillow insert. Helped us sleep like babies. In fact, I purchased more for Christmas presents as we left.As I read some of the previous reviews, I am stunned. My only conclusion is that The W was not a good match for these travelers. This is definitely a hip, chic hotel. Not for those who want the traditional grand lobbied, formally clad doormen, high tea afternoon hotels.	
Nov 30 2004	The beds are the only good thing about this hotel	I stayed at the W times square from 11-20 thru 11-26. I actually purchased the hotel on Starwood.com, and im a Starwood preferred guest, so I would of thought I would of gotten a better room on a high floor, but I was placed with-in the first 5 floors. The room was small but worth it for the comfortable Heavenly bed. We were the only ones on the floor, except for Wed. night. You could here the neighbors talking the walls are so thin. Needless to say, it was the only night we had neighbors, so I shouldn't be complaining but BEWARE****the walls are very thin at this hotel***** Location was ideal (right in the middle of Times Square), yet one must go thru 2 elevators to get to actual hotel room. 1st elevator brings you to the lobby, and from there you hop on another elevator to get to the room. The staff, doorman, bellhops, were great, as for the reservation check in clerks, they were sooo snobby, it was hysterical. They all acted like they were so refined and well-educated, dressed in their black outfits with little W emblem pins on their shirts/coats....This isn't Broadway, its a hotel!!!!! Oh and might I add, we requested a late check out (we called the previous night...starwood preferred guests get a 4pm late check out upon request) and when we got back to the hotel, we were locked out, and due to this we almost missed our town car to the airport, since we had to get another key made up.Anyway, if the rate is right I might stay here again, solely for the bed which is nice after days of walking.	
Nov 27 2004	This is supposed to be a hotel? I thought it was a warehouse!	This was, without a doubt, one of the worst W Hotels I've ever stayed at. You enter from Broadway into a small room and take elevators up. The entry-hall way was somewhat beautiful, but this was decieving. The elevator music, to say the least, is intrusive and loud. The lobby, on the 7th floor, is REALLY dark. Its really depressing. The lobby, which is really just a bar, is crowded with drunks who are shouting like no tommarow. Definitely not the place for a family. If you can find the elevators without using a flashlight, you are taken up in a dark elevator to your room. The hallways are painted black and dimily lit, not to mention small (about 7-8ft wide). I would never stay here again! (Stay at the Marriott a block down... Its by far a better hotel).	
Nov 25 2004	WONDERFUL!!!	I stayed at the W in mid October. First time in the Big Apple, I couldn't of asked for a better hotel.It was chic, trendy, upbeat, the best hotel I've stayed at anywhere by far! Very boutique and very sophisticated, good-looking people everywhere and definitley the place to be! Cool decor and VERY informative, well dressed concierge staff!I personally enjoy a more boutique like property with a party scene and if you do, this is the place to be. I stayed at the Marriott down the street my last night and was not impressed, not compared the the W Times Square. Rooms were funky and oooh so comfortable and the spa was great!HIGHLY RECOMMEND to the chic clientele only!	
Nov 23 2004	W must stand for wonderful	After arriving to the airport in palm beach I realized that I had forgotten my credit card, and had very little cash on me. I knew that the hotel would need a copy of my cc to check in. Once i explained what had happened. The hotel then allowed me to write a check for my three night stay there, then allowed me to write a 200.00 check a day for cash. They saved my life. Not to mention the service was great!!! And the conceirge got me into every trendy club without standing in line. The view was great the room was great. At times I found my self not wanting to leave the hotel.	
Nov 5 2004	possibly the best yet	W just keeps getting better and this one may be the best yet. Every one who works here is freindly and makes you feel like they care about you, it is fun we loved it and location is great.	
Nov 5 2004	Great hotel great location great staff.. i loved this W!!	Don't care about reviews talking about W Times Square as a bad hotel.. try this amazing W and you'll have a wonderful stay!! I loved this hip hotel.. it was my first time in NYC and W is the perfect starting point for a tour of the city! The staff is really kind and helpful, Blue Fin restaurant is definetly tasty (maybe a little pricey, but dining in Times Square is an experience which worth every penny) and the rooms are sooo nice!! I loved the dark colors inside the hotel, the lobby and the music playin' all around the hotel!! Thank you W for making my trip to NYC an unforgettable experience!!	
Oct 3 2004	not worth the star rating	Recently stayed here for a long weekend with some girl friends. It is well located and the bar is good (if noisy and somewhat pretentious).However, for the price ($500 per night) the room was cramped (not unexpected for New York but if there are 3 people sharing you would expect sufficient towels...) and the service was the worst I've ever seen in any hotel anywhere (and I'm including bargain basement hotels in central paris here..). Slow, unable to understand your requirements (we had a booking for 4 people and they tried to put us in a double room).On the plus side, the room was clean, nicely done out and their was sufficient space etc in the bathroom for toiletries (complimentary stuff is very nice). You're paying for the name and location. Better off booking somewhere else where you're not paying for the &quot;image&quot; and attitude	
Sep 26 2004	Excellent Hotel	Me and my husband stayed overnight on 9/25/04 because we were celebrating my birthday. I totally DISAGREE with all of the negative comments about the hotel. I am originally from Manhattan so I am very familar with what goes on in the Big Apple. Now for starters, if you are a person who is somewhat LAID-BACK, New York City is not the place for you. Perhaps you should consider staying at one of the Sheraton Hotels located a few blocks up on 7th Avenue. Those hotels are very laid-back and cater to the people on business trips or someone wanting a more quiet atmosphere. We previously stated at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers and we were BORED. It was just too quiet for us. The W Times Square is located in the heart of Times Square which is visited by thousands of tourist daily. There are so many people everywhere and a lot of energy. Me and my hubby are party people so we enjoyed the energy. We have stayed at several Starwood Hotels and I found the W Times Square to be more elegant and full of ENERGY. The staff is very nice and very attentive to the guest. I loved the decor of hotel as well as the room. I was impressed by the decor in the room as soon as I opened the door. The room has unique decor with beveled mirrors and a kingsize bed with comfortable pillows and a goosedown comforter. We slept so good after dinner and a show at Caroline's Comedy Club. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who loves the party scene. We will definitely return to this hotel.	
Sep 13 2004	Targets the>35 Crowd	Crystal chandeliers, polished marble floors, and heavy draperies do not exist here. If you want these, choose the St. Regis. The W is simple, sleek, and refreshing from the potted grass near the entrance to the cascading sheet of water in the elevator lobby. Black, white, silver, and grey furnishings would be admittedly dull if not for multicolored mood lighting everywhere in the lobby and large windows that frame the NY skyline. Modest-sized rooms, typical of New York, feel more spacious at this hotel thanks to a mirrored wall behind the bed in each room. As for the &quot;open&quot; shower, mine was actually enclosed by thick glass doors. What sets this hotel apart from many are the youthful amenities in the rooms. My room had a DVD player AND a VHS as well as a cd player with jazz collection. Silver pencils, compact pens, and sticky notes with a &quot;W&quot; punched out could be found on the glass and steel desk. Besides the typical minibar, a full drawer was stocked with everything from a W umbrella and camera to W thongs and a variety of munchies. Perhaps the best thing about this hotel was its &quot;newness&quot; with none of that typical stuffy odor so frequently found at hotels. If you're young, hip, and adventuresome, you'll fall in love with the W. More traditional types will find plenty of other alternatives in NY.	
Sep 8 2004	The worst hotel that I stayed at while on business	This hotel is good if you are in NY for a fun weekend and are not planning to spend too much time in your room. However, if you are on business and want a hotel that offers rooms that are comfortable, faily spacious, practical and tastefully decorated to allow you to wind down and relax after a busy day at the office then do not stay at this hotel.The only thing good about this hotel is the very comfortable bed. Everything else is a joke, especially the bathroom.I have stayed at numerous 5-star hotels around the world while on business and this hotel was the worst experience.	
Jul 29 2004	This is a great place to stay	I have to say this hotel is great. The staff, location, room, and bar were all excellent. Most of the negative comments I have read from other people on this site are from people being overly picky. I have stayed at great hotels all throughout the world and this one is great. It is not the Four Seasons, but for the price (I paid $164 a night) it is very nice. Once we checked in they gave us a free upgrade to a spectacular room. I highly suggest requesting room 3501 if you want a king size bed. It has a GREAT view of Times Square as well as the Hudson River. The rooms are a great size for NY. I have stayed at the Hudson hotel and those rooms are closets compared to the rooms at the W. The work area is great if you are going for business. Overall, this place lived up to the expectations and I really enjoyed the great service from the staff, however, I would have to say the concierge staff was not up to par with the rest of the staff. The front desk and the gentlemen at the front door are great.	
Jul 23 2004	Edgy!!	Not my speed but it was a great experience. My rooms were directly accross from the elevator and I never heard it once. I stayed in both a king and 2 doubles. The rooms were fresh, clean and a very decent size. The plastic desk desk chair is not the most comfortable nor is the upholstered chair, but the beds are terrific. Kudos to the staff, their appearance is that of a typical New Yorker clad in black but they are awesome. The valet parking at first appeared steep, but relative to the area it is worth the few extra dollars for the convenience. Word of caution, in case you didn't know, the electronics stores around times square are scam artists and your best bet is not to go in.	
Jul 21 2004	Wish I would have chosen a little more carefully	I brought my mom to NYC for the first time and wanted a hotel that was nice and close to the action. It was definitely close to the action and a great location (all the theaters are right around the corner and the circle line tour bus begins its tour here), but I was not really impressed with that much else.Trendy to say the least. There must have been a rap or def jam award ceremony or concert or something there, because the hotel was full of guys with lots of gold jewelry with their pants down to their knees and lots of pimped out cars and trucks. Not the hotel's fault, but when you go for trendy - be prepared. We went for the &quot;Spectacular&quot; room and both laughed when we saw the room, because we couldn't figure out what was so spectacular! NOT WORTH THE $ for the UPGRADE. There was NO ROOM to even walk around. The breakfast we ordered arrived on a table that wouldn't even fit past the entryway! We had to improvise a place to eat on the bed (one item at a time). There is no place in the bathroom to put anything, so be prepared to get dressed and put on your make-up in the room - somewhere - good luck. The lighting is so dim, and the walls are so dark that its hard to see anything.A few positive things: I can say is that the bedding was incredible. The feather bed, down comfortor and pillows made for a sound, restful sleep. The aveda products in the bathroom are nice. The service was great. I however, would not choose this hotel again. I would go for one of the other W hotels in town.....	
Jul 7 2004	Very disappointed.	I have now stayed at three different W hotels, and I must say that I have been repeatedly disappointed. Given what is pictured on their website, I had higher expectations. Of course, it is safe to assume that they feature their nicest rooms online. At this particular W, there were HUGE bubbles of paint pulling away from the wall in the bathroom, I would assume this may be due to not having any sort of fan to rid the closet, posing as a bathroom, of steam. Lets just say that you don't have any privacy, as the bathroom walls are constructed of what seems to be a fogged PVC plastic, and if this is your first travel experience with a boyfriend/girlfriend...well you figure the rest out.And, though rooms are typically small in NYC hotels, this was bigger than most for a deluxe room. I do agree that they didn't use the space very well, in that you don't really have adequate space for a closet or any room to place anything anywhere else in the room because of the bulkiness of the low dresser which holds the tv. I thought the decor was terrible, and bordering on motel. The beds were comfortable as to be expected, however the decorative pillows on the bed were sort of scary, in that they appeared to be badly stained by who knows what. The lobby level was very nice/funky (which I dig); however, the halls are beyond dark, and good luck if you have the slightest vision impairment, black hallways with dim light doesn't mesh well. I must say, however, that the staff service was impeccable.	
Jul 7 2004	Not a second time	Upon entering the cascading water walls and ceiling on the ground level &quot;lobby&quot; (reception desk is on the 7th floor), I was excited to see the rest. I was very disappointed. The dark (LOTS of black and gray) lobby, hallways and rooms were gloomy, not &quot;hip&quot;. The shower was terrible! To turn it on, you had to stick your arm in, getting wet before the temp was adjusted and water got all over the outside. Also, not a place to hang a washcloth or hang on when getting in and out (slippery floor). The desk area was non-functional (pencils for writing? why not a pen?) and the drape was very heavy to roll up (actually hurt my hand to do so). Extremely poor lighting. But maybe that was the idea! ? Design doesn't have to replace function; there is room for both. The W didn't combine both. The concierge needed a few lessons in better PR. This W is hung up on being hip..yawn.	
Jul 5 2004 	Entry Level Boutique Experience	This hotel does live up to its 4 star rating and the W brand. I would rather stay at the Millennium Broadway Hotel two blocks away and save myself $100/night for a comparable experience. Celebratory things about the hotel include comfortable bed, stylish fixtures, and modern colors and design. The central location is both a curse and a blessing. Most locations were a 20 minute cab ride away and for longer trips, it was easy to take the subway - since all the major subways have stops at Times Square. The drawback however is that times square is beseiged by tourists night and day. Also, if you occupy one of the middle floors and draw your blinds, animated graphics and neon pelt you at every turn. The lobby bar was stylish but uninviting. Room Service was courteous, reliable, and the cuisine was tasty. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms were extremely small - but this is typical of Manhattan hotels. The wireless broadband service was on the fritz when I stayed there last week, though the wired broadband connection in my room worked well.	
Jun 27 2004	Outdated already	The decor that must have been cool and trendy in the early 90's now seems dated. The W is showing its age. But the bar is still hopping!	
Jun 22 2004	A reality check - this is not great	I wanted something special for a stay in NY. I lived in NY for 2 years, and have visited maybe 50 times in the past 15 years or so (staying in most Sheratons, Westins, St-Regis, Best Westerns, Days Hotel, W Hotels, Howard Johnson, Hilton etc). So as a visitor and resident, I think I know NY better than the average bear. The location in Times Sq is good - however it can be TOO close and in-your-face at times. The hotel was expensive, and I expected something special - unfortunately what I got was much, much less. The room was very small (that's not just NY - I expect it there - but for the price I expected a hell of a lot more), and the soundproofing terrible. That is probably my main gripe. The gap under the doors (main and particularly adjoining doors) is large, and allows complete transmission of noise. Imagine you have just flown into NY from Sydney, HK or London, and you want to sleep. Well no way, because each voice, TV channel etc. is so clearly audible that you can join in the conversations. And I mean, you can hear EVERY single word clearly. This includes conversations outside as people wait for the elevator, walk past the room, or the staff use their mobile phones (they mustn't be able to use them elsewhere except when away from managements prying eyes). I did complain - and they were well aware of the door gap / poor materials and noise problems and said that a renovation was overdue. This is a fairly new hotel - just what were they thinking ? Also, the reception area is also a bar - which might as well be Grand Central Station or Times Square inside your lobby. Seriously, there are hundreds (no exaggeration) of noisy drinkers there in the evening all crowded in. You have to shout at the reception staff to be understood. In a nutshell, never again. It may be trendy, but I think W Hotels really take the mickey out of you - charge you heaps and underdeliver. Don't be deceived in thinking you are trendy. By all means visit the bars downstairs at street level, but leave the hotel lobby bar and the hotel itself alone. Very disappointing.	
Jun 16 2004	For party-hard Brits	My partner and I enjoyed a short break in NYC over the Easter period and upgraded to a W suite that had jaw-dropping view over the Times Square area.The staff were extremely courteous, particularly the door-men who were also on hand to assist. The rooms weren't exactly pristine but the lobby bar is a fantastic place to relax with drinks. Couldn't fault the Blue Fin restaurant either. However, the concierge service was definitely lacking - especially in a hotel that supposedly prides itself on getting what you want, when you want it. An example being the woefully sparse CD collection - we gave them three choices but none were available.Also, avoid the night club - overcrowded, banal crowd embarassed by the other amazing places in town.Would recommend the W to a young, hip couple who want to party in a central NYC location. Just don't believe ALL the hype. 	
Jun 3 2004	Wonderful W	My husband and I just returned from our trip to New York City. We stayed at the W Times Square and were pleased to say the least. After reading a few reviews before the trip, I was a little nervous about what to expect. However, we thought the hotel was fabulous. It is definitely set for the younger crowd and very trendy. We especially liked the upbeat dance type music in the elevators. That really helped us wake up in the mornings. The entire staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They were always there to help and answer any questions. The one downfall was the showers. Whatever you did, you couldn't help but have water all over the floor, but it did not affect our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are young and want something different. My husband and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. 	
Jun 1 2004	W Hotel in Times Square	We stayed at the W Hotel in Times Square in May, 2004. It was fabulous! Very modern, very classy. I picked this hotel because it was in the heart of Times Square and it's location turned out to be excellent. Everything was within walking distance. We had a wonderful time at this hotel and were quite impressed with the cleanliness and stylish decor. The beds were very comfortable. Found plenty of restaurants in the area that were pricedright. Would highly recommend this hotel for those looking for a luxury hotel that's in the middle of all the action. Noise was not a problem. Pick a higher floor. Bathroom had a tub, not a shower so the floor getting wet was not a problem.	
May 23 2004	great location okay hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights beginning May 14/04. We chose it because of the location (across the street from TKTS, and near lots of theatres). The decor is certainly different than typical hotels.My husband enjoyed the &quot;funkiness&quot; but I was less impressed. The room they initially gave us was very noisy, so they moved us to a higher floor (44th, an accessible room) which was better.The furniture needed painting and the bathroom had nocounter to put anything on. The sink even had nowhere toput the soap, so it kept falling into the sink! Don't they think of these things? The room was a bit dark. The service was okay, but the concierge we asked for help was not overly helpful. Overall I was not impressed. We also stayed at the Westin Essex House for 3 nights for only slightly more money and it was much more luxurious.	
May 12 2004	A different type of hotel	A friend and I stayed at this property in December. The bed was simply heaven! However, I would of prefered a bathroom with some room to store my personal belongings. The shower had no door therefore water ended up all over the floor. Was quite uncomfortable as the &quot;frost glass divider&quot; and not a wall divided the bathroom from the bedroom area. Hey, I am used to my privacy without anyone having to see my silhouette as I utilize the restroom. We ordered room service which was quite expensive, but it was a nice change. Overall it was clean, but did not like the black walls throughout the entire hotel. It as though they went so high tech that they forgot about convenience.	
Apr 22 2004	Funky hotel!	We were moved to this hotel for our first night as our original hotel was over booked. I loved the grey room, the black corridors, the entrance lobby is fab. We stayed on the 33rd floor. I found the staff to be great. Their whatever wherever service is good. We had a problem with our safety deposit box, within minutes the security guys were up taking a look at it and replaced it for us. We were also able to check out before leaving our room over the TV system. I was sad to leave the hotel, great location, a little noisy from street noise but it is Times Square, you can hardly expect it to be quiet!! I would definately stay there again, what a great funky, young hotel!!	
Apr 20 2004	Depressing and creepy... What happened W???	Being on the road 6 months out of the year, I am an avid W fan. I used a free night for a special occasion at the W Times Square, and was puzzled, to say the least. It was as if the designer had taken all the things I love about W hotels (sleek but comfortable, lush and inviting) and thought up ways to use the same style concept to achieve the opposite. The narrow hallways were painted completely BLACK, if you can believe it. The color scheme in the room was all grey, with warehouse-type metal doors, etc. &quot;Depressing&quot; doesn't do it justice. The bathroom and desk area were extraordinarily poorly designed, going for a futuristic look rather than conveniency. (No bathroom counter, no shower door, grey plastic desk chair, etc.) It was a horrible experience, but worth it just to see the unbelievably stupid design decisions. With other, gorgeous, W hotels in the area, skip this one.	
Feb 22 2004	Nice hotel hectic location need some touch ups	My husband &amp; I travel to NYC several times a year for fun. Each time we have stayed somewhere different. We stayed at the W Times Square over Thanksgiving in 2003 since we wanted to be near the parade route. We booked a wonderful room and thought it was extremely spacious for a NY hotel. The Blue Fin bar was nice but the drinks were expensive. We went there once just for the atmosphere. It was nice not to have the lobby on the ground floor since the Times Square is so hectic. It is a great location if you plan to see some broadway shows. I loved the hotel but would not stay there again just b/c of the location. It is way too chaotic.	
Feb 19 2004	Fun for short stay	We stayed here for a weekend last May. The rooms were nice, the bedding was heaven! Although the modern design of the bathroom didn't account for the fact that you might actually want to use the shower! The water went everywhere. The Lobby club was fun and drew a good crowd. However, the club music pumped into the elevator was a little much the next morning. The Resturant the Blue Fin was a little dissapointing, I had a large chunk of egg shell with my breakfast. Overall it was fun for a short stay.	
Feb 16 2004	Good feel - awful service	I stayed here for a month on business: Pros- modern relaxed feel/Good bar and restaurant Cons- the service is quite awful for the prices charged. The unknowledgable staff think they are so cool they come across as just unhelpful/bordering rude. Tiny Gym. Check your Room bill/Amex bill carefully.	
Jan 7 2004	Above Average NYC Hotel	My boyfriend and I spent a night at the W Times Square around New Years. Having had some not-so-great experiences at other Manhattan hotels the W was a very nice surprise. This hotel is very chic and hip from its decor to its guests. The automatic checkin is a plus and the front desk staff is equally as helpful. The rooms are larger than many other NYC hotels and are very nicely decorated. We had a very comfortable king size bed with exceptional sheets and duvet. The bathroom is also spacious with a nice shower and is stocked with Aveeda toiletries. There is a snack and mini bar, tv/vcr/dvd, cable with HBO, internet connection...you feel well taken care of. I would, however, stay away from Blue Fin Restaurant which is located within the hotel - the food was bland and the service was terrible - there are much better food choices in the area.	
Dec 22 2003	A Most Pleasant Experience!	I cannot sing the praises of the W Times Square enough! Upon arrival, I was greeted by the friendly and helpful &quot;bell hop&quot; Charles. He led me to check-in through the W's beautiful reception area on the 7th floor, where my check-in was completed quickly! I had originally been given a room with only one king bed, but the gentleman at reception managed to find me a room with two double beds; definitely much more condusive to my needs (I had my 6 year old daughter with me). While the room was small, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom clean and roomy, and the amenities fulfilling. The wherever/whenever staff was extremely helpful, and the likes of Jose, John, Frankie, Joe, and the rest of the W crew made me feel as though the W was my home! The staff even began to greet me by my name! Also, the location of the W made it ideal for my needs. Only 3 blocks up and 4 blocks over was Rockefeller Center, and as for Madison Ave., it was a short taxi ride away (and either Jose or Joe was there to hail me a cab :-) ) My stay at the W was a perfect experience, and it will be one I will never forget!	
Dec 17 2003	Liked it Did not Love it!	We stayed in the W hotel Dec. 13-16. We were on the 22nd floor and had a beautiful view of Times Square. The location was ideal for the theater and evening dinners. Upon arriving, our room was freezing. Maintanence was prompt in fixing the problem. The room is rather small, that was to be expected. Our king size bed was the ultimate, and what I expect from the Westin chain. What I really was unhappy about was that I could hear in perfect detail the conversations of the people in the room next door. We had a connneting door in our room, so that could have been a reason for the noise. I know they could also hear me. They were not loud, just the room had no noise control. The shower was a walk in with a glass wall that did not cover but about half of the opening. Water goes out of the opening no matter how careful you are and you never can really get warm taking your shower. The Blue Fin restaurant was pricey, and good, but not as good as the reviews were. The staff was good, the bar was cool. The hotel is very dark, (the hallways are black) and very modern. I think it was my least favorite Westin hotel that I had stayed in and the most expensive. So , like I said, I didn't love it, nor did I hate it!	
Oct 20 2003	W Hotel--A very good hotel	We visited NYC in mid-Oct. and stayed at the W Hotel in Times Square and the Fitzpatrick Hotel at Grand Central Station (E 44th &amp; Lexington). Both hotels were very clean, the rooms were adequate size for 2 adults, and the beds were very comfortable. The W Hotel is located right in the center of the theater district which is very convenient but you will get the noise fron taxi cab horns, traffic, etc. The Fitzpatrick is located just steps from Grand Central Station which allows you to catch a subway to anywhere. The W Hotel has very dark hallways and the rooms are decorated in an ultra-modern way with only a shower in the bathroom. Also, we were on the 25th floor and the closest ice machine I could find (on the way down) that was working was on the 21st floor. The Fitzpatrick did not have a chest to store clothes but did have adequate shelves in the closet and the bottom half of the entertainment center. If you don't mind riding the subway (which we used extensively with absolutely no problems at all) the Fitzgerald is a much better value. I would also recommend getting a NYC Pass on the internet and use a Mastercard to get a 3 Day Pass at the 2 Day price ($69) if it is still available. The pass gives you free access to virtually everything you would want to see and do and allows you to avoid long lines at many of the attractions. You also get a Metrocard pass for unlimited bus and subway travel. We picked up our NYC Pass at Madame Tussaud's at 42nd &amp; 8th Avenue. Another way to save money in NYC is to purchase A NYC Entertainment card and book for $25. We more than paid for the book with the savings we enjoyed on excellent meals at Broadway Joe's Steak House and DaMarino's Italian Restaurant, both in the theatre district. We also tried to use the card at Mustang Sally's but they said they did not honor it even though they were listed in the Entertainment book. We really enjoyed our trip to NYC. The W Hotel and the Fitzpatrick at GCS are great places to stay and virtually everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful.	
Oct 13 2003	Nice but didn't blow me away	My wife and I went to NYC to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary, and we wanted to stay near Times Sq. to be &quot;at the center of it all.&quot; If that is what you desire, you won't be disappointed by the location of this hotel--it is quite literally a 20-second walk to the center of all the action!The hotel is, as advertised, quite chic and modern. We found the room--a &quot;spectacular&quot; room on the 52nd floor--to be comfortable and well-appointed, though by no means spacious. I'd read much about how small are NYC hotel rooms, so the room actually exceeded my expectations, though the bathroom was especially tight. King bedrooms come with only a shower stall (no tub). Our &quot;spectacular&quot; view turned out to be dominated by the Marriott Marquis across the street, though by craning our necks we could see a bit of Times Sq. I was surprised by the condition of the hotel--although it is only a couple of years old, it is already showing signs of wear. There were quite a few scuffs on the walls in our room, and the chair had a big stain right in the middle of the seat cushion (eeeeww--what was THAT, we wondered?). The hotel just doesn't seem built to last, which may indicate that they plan frequent renovations (the overall concept of this hotel chain is questionable--what is chic and trendy today will look dated in 3 years).The biggest disappointment was the lobby/ bar area, which we did not find inviting at the least. It was dimly lit, had a fairly low ceiling, and to our taste looked rather dreary. It was frequently filled with a very loud crowd of twenty- and thirty-somethings, and the acoustics of the place left much to be desired (not at all &quot;Zen-like,&quot; as the marketing propaganda states). Just off the lobby, there are three sets of elevators servicing various levels in the hotel, and the passages back to the elevators were ridiculously narrow. We got clipped by people and/or baggage carts nearly every time we walked to or from the elevator.The staff was competent and friendly, though I don't think anyone was over 30. They all wear black, and mostly look like aspiring actor/model wannabees. That they refer to themselves not as &quot;staff,&quot; but as &quot;cast members&quot; gives a clue!Overall, though, we enjoyed our stay. If you wish to stay near Times Sq., this is a good bet. Just make sure you know what you're in for--there's lots of action in the area, but with that action comes noise and huge crowds, day and night. We could hear quite a bit of noise up on the 52nd floor--I can't imagine what it would be like on a lower floor! We also found that hailing a taxi outside the hotel took a while, up to 15-20 minutes at the busiest times of the day. If you are rushing out to make a dinner reservation, you will need to take this into account.	
Oct 8 2003	Amazing Service to top off great rooms and location!	Let me start by saying I got an amazing price here (under $200) by booking on line directly with the hotel 2 months in advance and using their AAA rate. Because my rate was so low I wondered if my room would also be low (I had requested a high floor) and when I checked in I discovered I had been placed on the 17th floor with a limited view. The room itself was very well appointed and extremely comfortable and quiet but I was hoping for a better view. I phoned the welcome desk and asked if there was anything else available and they said not that night there wasn't, but they promised to check for me the next day (I was staying for 7 nights). I didn't expect much to happen but the next day I was moved up to the 31st floor with a stunning view of Times Square, they had not forgotten about me and went out of their way to make sure I had the room I wanted, bravo. The service every step of the way was excellent, including the whenever/whatever service (on the day I left I phoned this service to ask if they had anything I could wrap some framed pictures in that I had bought and within 5 minutes someone was at my door with a box of bubble wrap)! The room was spotlessly clean, very quiet for Times Square (and very large as well for the location) and full of great amenities. The bathrobes were the most comfortable I have ever worn so I ended up buying one. I have stayed in a lot of different NYC hotels but I have found my new home away from home with the W Times Square. For those other reviewers that may have had concerns I wonder if they brought them to the attention of the staff because I am sure they would have recieved the same positive experience I did if they had.	
Oct 4 2003	Best 6 nights in NYC!!	I have several different hotels in NYC as a tourist, but this has been the best experience yet. Not only is the hotel ideally located right in the middle of Times Square, the beds, decor, and staff were great all great!! One staff member helped me clear up a problem w/my reservation, and for all my trouble they upgraded us to a high floor room. I will definitely not stay anywhere else next time I visit. The Blue Fin restaurant downstairs is also a great for breakfast!	
Oct 3 2003	You call this a modern hotel?		
Sep 17 2003	Always stay at the W Times Square!		
Aug 18 2003	The most happening place in the city- Great Location		
Aug 8 2003	loved the westin!!!		
Aug 6 2003	I *Heart* W Times Square		
Jun 12 2003	Very Impressed		
May 28 2003	Worth the money		
Apr 10 2003	Style without the bad aftertaste		
Mar 18 2003	W can be Worst or Wonderful		
Dec 17 2002	Very Chic Hotel! Great Location!		
Nov 9 2009 	????????????????????		
Nov 7 2009 	super		
Nov 5 2009 	????????????????????		
Oct 29 2009 	me encanta times square		
Oct 28 2009 	???????		
Oct 19 2009 	espectacular pero...		
Oct 14 2009 	Idéalement situé.		
Sep 20 2009 	Miserabel bei Stornierung		
Sep 14 2009	non male location perfetta		
Aug 25 2009 	El perfecto hotel para un viaje inolvidable		
Jul 16 2009 	Magnifique Hotel Branché idéalement situé		
May 31 2009 	Magnifique		
May 29 2009 	SERVICE EPOUVANTABLE - SURFAIT		
Apr 1 2009 	classe et bien placé		
Mar 28 2009 	Costoso ma molto bello e moderno tutto efficientissimo.Nel centro di Manhattan		
Nov 4 2008 	Chic et très bien situé		
Sep 2 2008 	Perfecto!!!		
Aug 19 2008 	Me encantó el W!		
Mar 31 2008 	Estancia correcta sin más.		
Aug 2 2007	Hôtel très bien		
Jul 16 2007 	la gioia dell' effimero		
Jun 16 2007	Séjour génial		
