Nov 23 2009	Fantastic highly reccommend!!!	I have stayed here twice altogether on two seperate trips to New York, i would reccommend this hotel to anyone!! Rooms are clean, nice size, all staff are fabulous with great manners and cant do enough. If you want ideal location, good price, clean and not stuffy then this hotel is ideal!! However if you want the once-in-a-lifetime trip to New York then i doubt this hotel will be for you, because your expectations will far out weigh what this hotel actually offers. You cannot expect 5* plus at this gem but by god its smack dab where i think sums up New York at its best Downtown where everything is not over priced for the tourist unlike Midtown etc. I have NEVER EVER felt afraid in the areas around this hotel and being a hated smoker i even stood outside taking a phone call at 3am having a smoke and didnt feel at all frightend. I love this area and would and have encouraged friends to come here when they have travelled to New York!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Good Place	Nice hotel near chinatown, plenty of restaurant around and very easy access to the subway. Small room for 4 people but it's new york. Clean room. I will go back to this hotel. parking is expensive, look around for cheaper price.	
Oct 30 2009 	The BEST! in NYC	Cris was the best front desk person I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. Always greeted the guest by name. She knew the answer to ever question I had about the area.Premium customer service by the entire staff.	
Oct 12 2009 	A great place	This hotel is well located within Manhattan. Within walking distance of Little Italy, Chinatown, the subway and of course, Soho. Service is good and you get excellent value at this Holiday Inn.	
Oct 10 2009 	Decent clean rooms good location for shopping	This hotel is right up the street from Canal Street and all the great shopping in Chinatown and Little Italy. It's a mid-grade hotel, nothing really outstanding about it, but clean, decent. Train station is a few blocks away. The rooms are comfortable, actually nice size for the area. I would stay here again if I wanted to be downtown and was looking for a really reasonable rate. Got it for just a bit over $100, which is never bad for NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean Spacious Quiet (for NYC) - a great hotel	Was in town for a wedding and got a fantastic rate. Room was spacious, free internet, nice meeting area on 2nd floor. In a great location for fun and walking (on Canal and Lafayette) near chinatown and some tourist shopping). This isn't a fancy area, but a fun one for sure. I will definitely try to stay here again next time I'm in NYC.	
Oct 8 2009	Good location near Chinatown	My 83 yr old mother and I stayed here the week of Sept 21. It is right across the street from the newly opened Museum of Chinese in America, easy walk to the subway, Chinatown and Little Italy. I don't really consider this area Soho. Good Chinese bakery for breakfast the next block over. I would stay here again though it is far from where I usually go (mid-town) and made for expensive taxi rides (because my mother could not easily use the subway). If you can walk and use public transportation, the location is fine. The room was big enough and clean...up to &quot;normal&quot; Holiday Inn standards.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location Great Service	I stayed at this hotel over the weekend with a few girlfriends and it was definitely a great place to stay. We were in a very convenient location directly in the city - close to plenty of restaurants, shopping, bars, etc. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and tips about the big city. The rooms were comfortable and clean. I look forward to staying here during my next trip to NYC!	
Sep 21 2009 	You get what you pay for	This hotel isnt as bad as some people make out. At least not for me.The lobby is grubby and gives a traveler a feeling of apprehension for sure but the rooms are clean,well maintained and all the furnishings are now. Some little extras too like coffee making facilities are nice. Iron and board, lots of channels, full length mirrors, secure doors and generally good value. As far as Manhattan goes for room prices this place is a steal for the price conscious traveler but if you have more money and want something less basic then don't stay here, But I don't think people see Holiday Inn as anything more than budget.	
Sep 19 2009 	GREAT HOTEL TO STAY THOUGH WISH THE MGT MORE FLEXIBLE W/ Lugguage Policy	Stay 1 night on Sept 3, 2009 using the Priority Club Points as we had to join a tour in the nearby Chinatown the next day and the location of this hotel from the pick up point is about 4 blocks away. Everyone is VERY NICE upon check in as my 3 yrs old daughter was crying out loud her heart to learn that we didn't stay in Sheraton LaGuardia as we did the previous 2 nights but here, I was really embarrassed but the check in staff was fanstastic, came out and tried to calm her down but futile. Beat me sometimes todlers are so &quot;sensitive &quot; &amp; &quot;passionate&quot; about the hotel that they once stayed. The only complaint that I have is that the hotel will not hold our luggage for 2 nights if we don't have a future reservation and quoted us due to liability and suggested that we stored our lugguage in Penn Station. This is a crazy suggestion as we arrived in the late evening that night and will have no time to travel to Penn Station that night as we only need to store 1 piece so that the next morning we didn't need to drag 2 pieces of luggage when we joined our 3 days 2 nights tour to Philly, Washington DC/Niagara Falls and Thousand Island. We explained that we are going to book their car service upon our return on 3rd day to Jersey City and would this change? No, SORRY, that is the reply! I found this VERY DISCRIMATING as a guest as it sounds like they will hold luggage for you if you have a future stay, otherwise, once your stay is over, SORRY, you are not my guest anymore and that is your problem! In my prior stay of hotel like Sheraton Vancouver, they willing to hold and charge you a nominal fee per night of holding . This is at least an option and being helpful to your guest and not give us a rediculous suggestion that we store at Penn Station. So, apart from this issue of not able to hold our 1 piece luggage since we have no pending reservation, which I found unappreciated as a guest as well as being an UNHELPFUL hotel meeting guest needs.Overall, room is clean and comfortable as they put us on club floor and indeed, no street noise or subway train vibrations. Staff are friendly &amp; helpful apart from the incident that not able to hold our 1 piece luggage for 2 nights even though we booked with them the car service upon our return.I would still recommend this hotel stay to friend and family though would advise them to take into consideration the no luggage hold if there is no future reservation with them.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fair	My first time in NYC and thought Soho was a nice neighborhood. But this hotel is in Soho, but I can say it was the beggining of Chinatown. During the night the street is empty until you reach Canal St. and did not look very safe to me. I was given a room facing Lafayette, and when the metro passed by the room vibrated and the noise was unpleasent. Fortunately my friends were given a room facing the opposite side and they did not experience this. The room was clean, the room had a reasonable size for the price paid, but there were things lacking like a modern TV (because it seemed very old) a better preserved air-conditioning (old and temperature varied within heat and cold). The bed and bath had a good size. I recommed it just if you can't afford a pricier one.	
Sep 1 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL/ROOM - EXCELLENT SERVICE - EXCELLENT STAFF	My friends and I were going to NYC to celebrate for a bachelorette party and I was stressing about which hotel to book. When we got there, the front desk staff were smiling, friendly, and most of all, helpful during our stay. Our room was exactly what we needed. GREAT location- close to everything - Food, Bars, Clubs, SHOPPING. Amenaties were always plenty. We called for extra towels and they came rather quickly. I could tell the staff was very atttentive. The air conditioners were not noisy or bothersome, but comfortable and nice during our stay in the hot July weather. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for great location, friendly staff, and good service!	
Sep 1 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in...	Do not know where to start...this hotel single handedly ruined my holiday in NYC. It was the first time a hotel room has made me cry! The room was small - no make that tiny, smelly, dirty and looked NOTHING like the photos on the website - do not get sucked in about their claim of spacious rooms that were renovated in 2003. I cannot believe they charged what they did for the room (over $300US / night) - to think of the hotels i could have stayed in!!! It is NOT in the middle of Soho...it is on the very edge of Soho across the road from Chinatown. It is not a glamourous part of NYC - and travelling solo I did not feel safe in the area. I still cannot believe I was stupid enough to stay there...shame on you Holiday Inn - you may not be the most glamourous hotel chain in the world but there is still a level of expectation that you did not meet at this hotel. I doubt I will ever stay at a Holiday Inn again.	
Jul 6 2009 	A Nightmare	Travelling to New York for the very first time with family, I selected this hotel from the net because of its price and 'perceived' location, and most of all the name 'Holiday Inn'. Little did I know what I was getting into. The issue was much greater than small / dirty rooms or noisy airconditioner and vibrating floors due to underground trains. Upon arrival the hotel's Bell Service saw us being dropped off by an expensive car service and promptly mentioned to us that they have a cheaper service available @ $49, which could drop us off to JFK airport, when we'll check-out. We said okay. After about three days when we checked out, the hotel arranged its 'economical' taxi service.The driver of the car started off with the flat tire (which we realized after 2 minutes). He ignored the people on the street waving and pointing this to him. He did not pull over the car when we asked him to do so, until such time that the smoke from the tire started to come out. Then he kept driving insisting to get the tire changed from some specific shop. When the car finally stopped at the tire workshop.......some Spanish guys came and asked my whole family to come out of the car so that they can change the tire. In trying to take out the spare tire from the car our luggage was put on the road.Then one guy tricked me into the tire shop and took hold of my brief case and ran off.Incidentally, the brief case had our passports, visas, cash and valuables.Later, we realized that another car had been following us all along, that car was found parked at the tire shop and was most probably used by the gangsters to run away. By the time police came they had already fled.As family with small children, we were emotionally shaken.The bottom line is ...It was a 'set up', in which the involvement of hotel staff can not be ruled out. We had opted for the hotel's airport drop off service as it was considered to safer being offered by 'Holiday Inn'. Due to this incident, the whole trip is now a great tragedy.	
Jul 6 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	My husband and I stayed here for the 4th of July weekend. The room was small with a king size bed but we still had enough room to move around comfortably. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean and we could not hear any of the noise from the street below or from the hallway even though we were right across from the elevator. The staff was helpful any time we had a question. We were given a map when we checked in and believe me when I say that map was used.	
Jun 24 2009 	Never Again Will I Stay Here Again Even if It's Free	This was my worst hotel experience. Believe me. I mean that. I have travelled all over the world staying in all types of hotel but this was the dirtiest hotel I have ever been in. It was so full of dust and mold that the first nite I stayed, my allergies acted up so bad that I did not sleep all night but dealing with running nose, sneezes and headaches. The supposed to be &quot;white&quot; curtains are grey. I moved the bed a little towards the wall so my little girl would not fall off the bed and there was sooooo much dust and dirt underneath the bed that it was absolutely disgusting. I left it that way in the morning and housekeeping still did not cleaned it up or vaccum the &quot;now exposed&quot; area under the bed. I would not stay here ever again even if it's free. When I complained to the front desk, they were accommodating, tried to switch me to different rooms but each room that they show me, it was the same - moldy, dusty, and dirty. It was over $200 a night. I took my parents there, we had 2 separate rooms and even my parents who came from overseas to visit said they have never been in a hotel this bad of a shape!!! Don't make the same mistake I did.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location, minutes to China Town, Little Italy and seconds to the subway. Had free internet connection but was very slowThe room was a little small but more than OK for NYC, the staff was great and very helpful, I had a car, it costs $60 to park for 24 hours and the parking area was 6 blocks away, if you want to stay there I suggest parking your own car for half the price in the parkade around the corner. This is a good value, we got it for $199 per night (internet rate thru Holiday Inn website) that was one of the best prices we could find in that area for a hotel of this quality.	
Jun 11 2009 	good location - average hotel	very average hotel... but if u want to stay downtown for cheap it is an option	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel - great location - awesome staff!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn while I was on a business trip. The hotel is right between Chinatown, Soho, and Little Italy. At night, there was tons to do, all within a few blocks. I had dinner most nights in Littly Italy. YUM! Broadway is about a block away from the hotel and there's tons of great shopping there (considered Soho, maybe?). My room was pretty nice, bigger than I expected actually. The bed was really comfortable too! My room was on the 14th floor and I had a great view of the Empire State Building! I saw a lot of the same staff members there the whole week - like front desk clerks and bellmen. They were always super nice and helpful. I'd read another review about some internet problems, so I was a little worried as I do a lot of work in the evenings. My wireless connection worked fine the whole time - speed was good and never got kicked off. One of the girls at the front desk told me they'd recently upgraded their system. Either way, it worked fine for me. Definitely a good hotel for business or a vacation in New York. I'd love to spend a weekend and wander around the area more! There was so much to see and do nearby! Oh - and there's a subway stop less than a block away from the hotel. It's really easy and quick to get to Grand Central.	
May 3 2009 	Perfect !	Got a very good deal on a room, 114$ on hotwire, so this was the perfect hotel ! Close to soho, chinatown, little italy, etc...staff was very friendly, room was very clean, altough a little worn. we stayed with our 2 year old and 7 month old, they had very little room to play in , but it was still manageable.the only reason i did not give 5 stars is because of troubles with the vending machines, there are 4 on different floors, the first three we tried were either broken or sold only water...i have reccomend this hotel to family,and they will try it soon.	
May 2 2009 	Great Staff and Location	Just a half block norh of Chinatown is just right for me and my Son - we both love Chinese food. Great property in mist of everything great about Manhattan - Soho, Greenwich Village, Financial District and of course Chinatown. Rooms were excellent and the staff was first class.	
Apr 29 2009 	For the money.... not bad.	I was traveling to New York for the first time and was with a friend so we didn't need anything fancy. I just wanted a place that was clean and safe. I'll break this down into different areas because somethings may be of more importance than other things to each traveler. Outside appearance: 3There is nothing fancy about this building. If you feel the need for the big marque... look elsewhere.Lobby: 3Again.... if you like the big grand lobby with all the fancy are and waterfalls... not going to find it here.Check-In: 5Having never been to New York but read tons about how the staff at hotels were not friendly and often rude...I was ready for that. At the desk was a girl named Chris and a manager named Jason. They both were smiling and welcomed us to New York. Unfortunately our room wasn't ready but it was before 3:00 and they offered to keep our bags while we went to lunch. They were always friendly and helpful.Room: 4It was small but I think all hotel rooms are small in New York. However...the hallways smelled clean, the rooms were clean...the beds were fine. Again...if you plan on spending a lot of time in your room sitting around watching TV...may want to go somewhere else but if you just need a place to shower and sleep...this place is fine.Location: 4Anywhere you stay is going to be great for some things and a hike for others. China town is just a few blocks away.... the BEST food in New York is 3 blocks away down Mulberry in Little Italy. There's a subway nearby also. (See my New York review for restaurants and subway travel though)Price: 4We payed $189 a night which is pretty cheap for New York.I have 1 issue with the hotel however..... not that big of a deal but I must mention it.The free WiFi does not work...at all...ever... at least on the 11th floor it doesn't. They do offer a business center in the lobby for a nominal fee where you can go check your email and surf the net. My feeling is that if the provided free WiFi sucks ... they should give you free access to the business center. It wasn't that big of a deal because both of us have iPhones and can get the net anywhere anyways but if you needed/wanted to google for some good places to eat...you would have to pay $3. By the way...I recommend taking your iPhone or a GPS when you take off walking.... much easier than a map.	
Apr 27 2009 	Location is Fabulous!!	This is not the Plaza...but the price is right and the location is fabulous!! It is a very walkable neighborhood with fun shopping in Chinatown and eating in Little Italy. The subway is right down the block for access to the whole of Manhattan. The subway ride to 42th street Broadway shows is 5&quot; away. It is a easy subway ride to Coney Island to check it out. It's close enough to walk to ground zero. The rooms are so-so...who cares? Have a great breakfast at Baltazar then go for a walk over the Brooklyn Bridge...then explore all the NYC sights..The staff was wonderful and extremely helpful.I would definitely stay here again	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent for the money.	We used this hotel for a short city break this Easter 2009. We found it excellent value in an exciting location. The hotel is clean and the rooms are made spotless each day the staff are friendly and helpful. The location is basically on the edge on Chinatown with Little Italy 5 minutes walk away. You are 2 minutes from Canal street subway which links you to the rest of New York (subway system excellent and cheap!). Dunkin Donuts is just across the road ideal for coffee and muffin for breakfast as hotel breakfast is overpriced but who wants to eat in the hotel. Location is walking distance to Wall Street and financial district (ground zero) if you don't want to use subway and you have a good selection of shops just up on Broadway again walkable. We are from Gloucestershire in the UK which is very rural and I found the area exciting but in no way intimidating. I think it’s a great location to explore the real New York not just the sanitised Time Square and Central Park areas. Although these are only 5 minutes away on the subway. Check out the Abercrombie and Fitch shop on 5th Avenue also I’ve never been in a shop like it! It’s just worth going to see the dancing shop assistants!	
Apr 7 2009 	price was good	this hotel is over 15 years old as a holiday inn. The location was great but the room quality is not good. The rooms are very outdated and need to be updated. The staff was not very caring. They lied to people trying to convince them to join the reward program and was not telling the guest the truth about the program. I had a very nice room with a good view but has mildew in the shower and the walls were very outdated. Overall the hotel was a good place and for the price it was great being in that part of town.	
Apr 7 2009 	Just what you expect from Holiday Inn	This is a good value hotel with clean rooms and helpful staff. There was nothing exceptional but I wouldn't have expected it to be so considering the price and chain. My partner and I were very comfortable and happy with our choice for a long weekend, especially good if you want to be downtown, try midtown hotels if you really want to be in the thick of it.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good Location Mostly Courteos Staff	The front desk staff was courteous. The beds were comfortable, and although small, the room met my expectations. I appreciated the free access to a nearby NY Sports Club, although I didn't have time to take advantage. We heard street noise all night on the 5th floor, which I had expected. I didn't expect to hear and FEEL the subway rumbling beneath the hotel. Nothing a few earplugs couldn't fix. WIFi was technically free for the first 12 hours, but I reentered the free password after the trial period and had free access for two days. I was disappointed with the bellman - after checking out, I needed to store my luggage for the day. He placed out items in a room right by the main entrance to the hotel, and left the door wide open. When we returned, the door was closed, but unlocked. I didn't feel like my luggage was safe while I was gone for the day. The location (in Chinatown, near SoHo) is convenient to downtown and multiple subway lines, On the weekend, the shops and sidewalks are filled with tourists buying cheap knockoff handbags and watches. The sidewalks are incredibly crowded and transporting luggage is a hassle.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great stay location cleanliness and value	If you are looking for a place to stay in downtown/Soho that is clean, quiet, convenient, basic amenities, this is it. I wanted to stay downtown and am very familiar with NY. I did not need any real amenities because this is NY and I can experience them elsewhere. Great location one block to Chinatown, Little Italy, NOHO, Broadway one block west. The room with two doubles was small but updated...two women for a girlie weekend sufficed. We had huge windows and the beds and bathroom were adequate. After having stayed at many larger hotels in the city...Westin, St. Regis, Millenium, Intercontinental, what I liked best about the hotel? The fact that you can walk in through the front door and be in your hotel room in less than five minutes. The larger hotels can be a maze. The least thing I liked? I was on the 9th floor and when the subway revs up you can hear a slight rumbling. If you are a heavy sleeper, do not worry. If you are a light sleeper, request a higher level floor...there are 14 floors.	
Jan 20 2009 	Budget Friendly	There isn't that much to see or do immediately outside the door, but the hotel is still in a fairly good location - near SoHo, Chinatown and Little Italy. Also, the &quot;Canal Street&quot; subway stop is only a block or two away. That was very convenient for us. It's less than a $10 cab ride to the East Village (20-minute walk) where there are TONS of good restaurants to choose from. My friend and I counted 15+ different ethnic cuisines just along a few blocks on 1st Avenue in the East Village. The room and bathroom were both clean. The beds were really comfortable. The staff probably could have been a little more helpful. I suppose that we were content just scoping out the city on our own though. The doorman/bellhop was great with our luggage and getting us a cab. Overall, I would say that you will get a little more than your money's worth here.	
Jan 6 2009 	Comfortable and Nice location	The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. It was quite other than the heater, that made some noise when it was left on for too long. It is half a block from the subway!! It is also right between China town, Little Italy, and Soho.	
Dec 24 2008 	Clean Efficient and Economical	I travel on business to New York 3-4 times a year. I stay at this hotel most times. For business travellers its very good value and convenient to Downtown. A walk to Wal Street takes about 15 minutes. The location is actually more Chinatown than Soho and Little Italy is two blocks away.Rooms can be small, so couples or groups sharing could find this very tight quarters (welcome to Manhattan!!). I am a Priority Club member and find the upgrades to a bigger room when available can be very helpful.I've stayed at this hotel at least 10 times over thelast 5 years and the staff are consistently attentive and helpful. The doormen/bellhops, for instance, are terrific. The car service they can arrange is quite good in tems of reliabilty and value. The rooms are always clean and the views from the higher floors are pretty good. The A/C Heating are old equipment, but have always done the job for me.As a location, its certainly fine for the business traveller and would be good for shoppers and younger travelers. The dining facilities are basic, though the food quality and price is good, so room service is fine. The internet acces is wireless and can be very ropey in terms of speed, so you won't be streaming video to your laptop, but you can get your email and browse the net.	
Dec 20 2008 	neither good nor bad	$1000 for 3 nights/4 days(Dec 7-10) are neither high nor low. The room is somewhat outdated and small. That may be unavoidable considering manhattan's skyrocketing expenditure. The location is rather good. First of all, it cost $24.10 from La Guardia airport by taxi and $26.10 to the airport by taxi. The fare is lower than the limousine bus which charges $15 per person and takes much longer time.Chinatown and Little Italy is just one or two block away, and subway station(Canal St) is just one block away toward southway. You can go uptown and downtown by bus on Centre and Broadway St, respecitively. Those two roads are just one block away right-side and left-side. You can go to a disco club(Santos Party House) by walking southway to the Walker St and just going straight across that street. Don't forget the address of the building. If you don't insist on staying at a luxury hotel nor at a hotel near the Rockefellow Building, then stay here with comparatively lower price. But be careful not to be deceived by the Chinese bell man who showed aggressive attitude to me when he urged to take the hotel's sedan taxi for $35. To JFK airport it is $45 by yellow cab, but to La Guardia, it is just $26+$2 for driver tip. You can save $7 by taking yellow cab.	
Dec 9 2008 	14th floor good 10th floor bad	Tale of 2 rooms. I stayed in 1420 and had a great view and (by Manhattan standards) had a huge room. Great bed - loved it. I also know NY a little and loved the location on the edge of Chinatown / Soho. Also used to staying in places where you get nothing :), so free access to NYSports Club a couple of blocks away much appreciated. My Mum (smoker) in 1013. Terrible room, dodgy decor, much smaller, allegedly double bed, AC with life of its own etcetc - guess that's what happens if you smoke nowadays :). Also, her first trip to NY and location a bit 'edgy' for her. So, I'd go back and would ask for the same room. Taking an elderly (65+) parent. Maybe not here.	
Dec 7 2008 	Outrageous Rate	My husband took me up to NYC for a surprise getaway. I was not allowed to know what the price of the hotel was. We ended up paying $569 with room taxes for one Thursday night. When we got back home to figure out a return trip with the kids I was checking rates and all rates were ranging at the $224- low $300. I am appalled that my husband spent that kinda of money on a no frills midweek room. Upon arriving at the hotel my husband pulled over and blocked the road and let me out so that I could find out where we needed to park the car. I ran up the escalator to the front desk and was told the was a bellman below. I proceeded to head back down the escalator to look all around for a bellman. I didn't see one so I went back out to the card to tell my husband that I was looking for the bellman. He was stressing out because he was in the roadway. Then I went back into the hotel in search of the bellman. I finally found him and he gave me a claim ticket. By this point I head back outside and see that my husband has parked the car across the street. I jump in and tell him that I found the bellman. He starts to get out of the car to get our bags when I finally see the bellman on the other side of the street shaking his head. He then crosses the street and explains to us that we need to move the car to the other side of the street to the hotel loading zone which was previously full. After that we checked in to the hotel with no incident. We arrived at the room and it was a small double bed room with a bath. Nothing special. Upon departure I called for my car. I guess it is my ingnorance in dealing with the valet but when my car arrived the driver was rude to me and told me to wait. I didn't feel that the trip was a waste but felt that when I got back and saw the pricing I didn't feel like I got my moneys worth. I checked the following days rate which was a Friday and it was more than half what we paid. Beware of prices!!!!	
Dec 1 2008	Great Stay!	This hotel was in a good location, near the cool sites and subway. The beds were so comfy (with a pillow menu!) and the hospitality was one of the best we have encountered in NY. Yes the room was small but no smaller than other hotels in Manhattan, with all the things to do and see I really just want a clean and comfortable room to come back to after dinner.The hotel was very close to little italy so we enjoyed a great pizza and fabulous meatballs!Would highly recommend!	
Nov 28 2008 	Perfectly acceptable	We stayed here the night before Thanksgiving and I was suprised by how nice the hotel was. The entrance and lobby are more modern than I was anticipating. We stayed on the 14th floor, top floor, and the room was a comfortable size for New York. Bed was comfortable, the towels were thick and new, the room was very clean and nicely appointed. The staff were all friendly and accommodating. We did have breakfast there the next moring strickly out of convenience. The buffet was fine, although I cringe at the price. The location in great! You are right on the cusp of Canal street which is great if you want a knock off handbag or just want to browse the many trinkety type stores. You are also right in Soho which is a great neighborhood for browsing and walking and talking and not having to deal with the massive crowds of Mid-town. We were able to stroll from the hotel to Pastis in the meatpacking district, enjoying the walk and the day at our leisure. There's a subway station a block away on Broadway that has the yellow line, takes you right up into the heart of things (meaning Times Square). For $2 and a few minutes, you are transported into the masses. I would stay at this hotel again. Sure, I'd rather stay at the Mandarin, but I don't have $800 to blow in one night on a hotel. Believe me, their rooms are not that much bigger than the one I had at the HI.	
Nov 16 2008 	too pricey for what you get	Stayed at hotel for 5 nights. the location is great. right next to Broadway, soho and tribeca. Good shopping and a lot of good restaurants.the Room is very small. no brekfast included. have to pay 23$ for some fruit and coffee. please.They don't have a gym, but they have agreement with NY Sports club on Broadway. Remeber to bring your own lock, or they charge 10 $.Room either has hot or cold settings. so you have to wake up and turn off or on. Room seems kinda old, the hotel could stand a bit of renovation.decent place in great location, but it's too pricey for what you get.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great stay	Stayed for one night at the HI Manhattan Soho/Downtown and had a great stay. Was a bit put off by the vendors on Canal Street on the way to the hotel, but the hotel turned out to be great and located on a quiet street. The room was small but very comfortable, good bed, nice bathroom and front desk staff very friendly. Free and fast wifi was great and helped us make the most of a very short stay. Location was so-so, it does not have a real soho feel to it, but walking a few block you find great shopping and cafés. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great location comfortable and clean but pricey and parking was an issue	Stayed at the HI SoHo for one night (sat.) and though we spent little time at the hotel, it was a positive, albeit pricey experience.Living near NYC, I've never had to stay overnight at a NYC hotel, so $400/night for a rather small room (barely enough room for 2 beds, and the TV stand was only inches from the corner of one of the beds) was a bit of a shock (then again, I paid $24 for 2 mixed drinks at the SoHo Grand!). However, the beds were comfortable, and the room clean. Staff was very friendly. We drove in (avoid if at all possible), and called the hotel to find out the parking situation. I was told to double park in front and a valet would take care of it. After driving around that area, on a late Sat. Afternoon, the $65 valet fee was a non-issue, but leaving the car unattended, double-parked on Lafayette was an issue. Well one of the staff recommended I simply park it myself, in Edison Parking (1 block east of the hotel), and save myself $30. Guess that paid for the drinks at the Grand ;-). Wish they would have mentioned that on the phone.	
Oct 14 2008 	Had a great stay!	Stayed again at the Holiday Inn Oct 10 -12/2008. Room was great, comfy and clean, small however, but friends who were staying at the Solita Clarion down the street had a smaller room for more money and they had really low cielingsThe beds were super comfortable. I did have a problem with my reservation, thanks to expedia, but the Holiday Inn bent over backwards to help me and finally get me a room. Ron Oz at the front desk was great!Can't beat the location, right off Canal street, everything is within walking distance, great shops and restaurants.	
Sep 26 2008 	Very Comfy Bed!	One night stay after a late night dinner cruise. The room was perfect for our needs. It was clean and quiet and the beds were very comfy with nice pillow topped mattresses.The room is small (wall to wall beds almost) but that's what we expected. Rather expensive for a one night stay but we booked pretty late so we might have found a better deal if we'd had more time.	
Sep 22 2008	This was a great hotel and location	My husband and I just spent 1 week at the Holiday Inn Soho and we were very happy with our stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room very comfortable; especially the beds. It’s a very handy location to see many of the tourist sites and very near to the best deals for souvenirs that you’ll find in all of Manhattan and that’s Chinatown. Other than walking, we used the subway for just about everywhere we wanted to go and this hotel is very handy to the stations. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that asks. We read some comments beforehand about the noise of the subway running under the hotel and my only comment is this… “If you’re a light sleeper and you like to travel, you shouldn’t leave without earplugs or you’re just asking for trouble, no matter where you go”. My husband had no trouble sleeping without earplugs. You have to get used to noises you’re not used to anywhere you go and after a day or so we didn’t really notice the sound of the subway….it wasn’t that bad. I, on the other hand, am a light sleeper so I go prepared anywhere I go and slept like a log.Sandy and Denis from Canada	
Sep 15 2008 	Best bet for downtown!	Couldn't be better located, the rooms were fine, just what we expected. Small, but clean and manageable. One block to Chinatown, two block to Little Italy, 10 minute walk to Soho, etc. Subway about 300 feet from front door. Staff was very friendlty and helpful, went way out of their way to help us find what we wanted. Very safe area, for NYC. Have stayed there often, even when our trip was to other sections of NYC. Doesn't matter, just hop on the subway and go. Many restaurants within a couple minutes walk - ask at the desk, they'll help you.	
Aug 25 2008 	NOT a 3 star hotel	This is NOT a 3 star hotel! I've stayed at many 3 star hotels in NYC and trust me, this is not worth the money you will spend. What's even worse is I booked my room on Priceline (I will NEVER again use this service), so had no way to get out of the reservation once we arrived. The location is DIRTY, right off Canal Street but the good thing was it was close to Broadway shopping and Little Italy dining. If you do find yourself needing to book a room here, ladies, do yourself a favor and pack your own shampoo and conditioner. This is the only 3 star hotel in NYC that offers 2 in 1 shampoo/conditioner, go figure! I've also never known an upscale hotel to have slamming mechanisms on the doors. Our stay Saturday night (the night before we had to be at work for a trade show) we were constantly SLAM awakened by people SLAM moving from room to room SLAM after a night out on the town SLAM. Bring earplugs!	
Aug 1 2008 	Loved it	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for four days in July and absolutely loved it. The room was very clean and the beds very comfy, the decor was outdated but it is costly to keep up with current themes. Staff was very helpful and even had our room ready way before the standard check in time. The one flaw was that we had a handicap washroom and thus the floor were always wet after taking a shower. Not noisey at all despite being abovethe subway. Would recommend anyone to stay here!	
Jul 19 2008	Loved it - would cojme again!	We loved this hotel! Yes the room is small but it's NYC and we were hardly ever in it - the bed was the MOST comfortable hotel bed I've ever experienced. The hotel is right on Lafeyette near Canal so close to shopping if you so choose, and the subway line is right there. That being said, it is like a clean, quiet oasis in the middle of all the Chinatown chaos. It has a restaurant and workout room, and the front desk is quite helpful. The building is within easy walking distance of Tribeca, Greenwich Village, NYU, and Little Italy. Great stay.	
Jul 5 2008	Average Small Room - Dreadful Internet Connection	I stayed at Holiday Inn – Downtown/Soho from 19th May to 21st May 2008. I should mention that I have spent a substantial amount of time staying in hotels, with over 200 hotel nights in some years due to my job. I’ve stayed at everything from 2 star motels to 4 star hotels and everything in between.Check-in was good at the hotel, and the bellman brought up my luggage very quickly. My room was listed on the Holiday Inn website as an Executive Room, which I thought would provide me with a larger size room and that it would be located on the executive floor. Wrong. It was a fairly small room, and not located on the Club floor as Holiday Inn calls their Executive floor.There is no in room safe, no mini bar and 2 exceptionally small drawers to store anything. The closet space was laughable, a 3 foot area beside one of the double beds that can only be reached by a narrow space beside the bed - I usually do unpack and hang items in hotels, and for the first time ever, I didn't bother in this hotel due to the lousy access.The noise from the street was clearly audible, even though I was on the 10th floor (the hotel has 14 floors) and the window was closed (it doesn’t open). So it seems there isn't any soundproofing. I've stayed at many hotels in city centres and never had the massive street noise that I had at this Holiday Inn.And the constant rumbling from the subway below the building was annoying too – and yes, the floor in my 10th floor room shook each time the subway passed by.The blackout blinds were too short to cover the window, so the bright sun shone into the room very early each morning.The bed was ok, though short for a double bed (I wouldn’t recommend it for anyone over 5’10”). There is a small coffee machine which I didn't use (as in the lobby, you can get coffee with unlimited refills which you can bring to your room for US$ 3.79).The wireless internet connection was terrible - I was able to stay connected for about 5 minutes before it would cut out, and the only thing that seemed to work was rebooting my laptop - so not a great solution. One of the main criteria for me in choosing this hotel was that they had internet access, so this poor service was unacceptable. I spoke with the front desk, and they had one of their engineers restart the router on my floor, and that time, I was able to connect and stay connected for 10 minutes. But afterwards, the same situation happened with very poor connections. I would not recommend anyone travelling for business to stay at this hotel.I had the breakfast buffet one morning, and it was ok, offering basic items, though as with most hotels, overpriced for what you get – you’re much better off going to a restaurant outside the hotel.The location is ok if you want to be in Little Italy or Chinatown. But if you’re planning to see a number of Broadway shows, then this location isn’t great as the theatre district and Times Square are several stops away using the subway, and it’s definitely not within walking distance as it’s over 50 street blocks away.If you are planning to stay for a day or two in New York, and if you feel the need to be near Little Italy and Chinatown, and don’t need internet access, this hotel is ok, but not great. If you want a good hotel with excellent value or if you're coming to New York for a longer stay, I would highly recommend the Hampton Inn - Times Square North instead as it’s cheaper, better located and much higher quality of room and services.All in all, I won't be returning to this hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	Will never stay there again	Due to a flight problem, I booked one room at Holiday Inn Downtown at past midnight mid June. Indeed, the hotel should rather be named Chinatown. Fairly easy to find, close to Canal St station and to walk from the metro elevator. The desk staff and the security guard were very kind and warm welcoming, even I arrived at 2am. I was upgraded to an executive room (the #12 ones) on the corner of Hoaward &amp; Lafayette St. But the room (6th floor) was very noisy due to cars, lorryes and vans passing around in Howard, Lafayette and Broadway. Even worse, the air cond. are fairly old (inside engines on 2 windows) and made a very loud noise. Either you stop them and sweat, either you let them run but could not sleep in both cases. Curtains do not close completely so you got light inside early morning. The buffet breakfast was good but not great for 25$ (tax &amp; service incl.).The overall price I paid was good (due to my corporate rate) but it was not worth the bargain due to the noise. Maybe executive rooms in the higher floors are better. But, I will never test it again.ps : I noticed many high standard european hotel chains offer lower quality level in USA (Holiday Inn, Radisson)	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Location	We stayed here over Memorial weekend and have never seen New York so busy.The hotel is in a great location, easy walking distance to Brooklyn Bridge, Canal Street, Mulberry Street etc.Despite the number of people staying, all the staff were attentive to our needs and happy to advise us on places to go.On leaving the hotel to return to JFK the hotel organised a cab for us, at a reasonable rate. Unfortunately due to last minute shopping and the horrific traffic we were an hour later then planned returning to the hotel, but the cab was still waiting and as we had run out of cash, the hotel paid the driver and charged it to our room.What superb customer service!	
Jun 2 2008	Great place for the $ if you get the right room....	Prime location. I asked to see a few rooms before selecting one. Stayed in a HUGE room with tons of windows, sunlight, a table and chairs and a couch for $375 per night. This place was bigger than most NYC apartments. Teensy bathroom. Super clean. Ask for room #12 on any floor and you'll see what I mean by BIG. Price of the room fluctuates depending on the day. My $375 per night room jumped to $415 for one night, then came back down. Go figure!	
May 9 2008 	It is in Soho	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown - Soho May 1 to May 6. First for everyone that stated otherwise, the traditional boundaries of Soho (debated by some) extend to the corner of Canal and Lafayette, so it is just inside the Soho boundaries. Chinatown has just grown outside of its old boundaries and continues to grow. The same distance from the front door to Canal Street has you right on the corner of Howard and Broadway, which is so unlike Chinatown you'd think you were nowhere near it.Having gotten that off my chest, the hotel was pretty damn good. Staff were really helpful and friendly, the room and bathroom were relatively clean (cleaner than my own at home!) and the beds were just about the most comfortable I have slept in at a hotel. We were on the 6th floor on the side away from the street and the only time we could hear the subway was when we were in the bathroom, and even then it was a minor thing. Never disturbed our sleep at all. If you are from a small town, the noise in general might be distracting, but then again this is New York. If you are worried about noise in ANY hotel in New York, ask for one on a higher floor.You can't beat the location. Broadway is a block away. From the corner of Lafayette and Canal you can see City Hall in the Financial District (one subway stop away or about a 10 minute walk) which is right at the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge. 15 minutes east and you are in the heart of the Lower East Side; 15 minutes west takes you through Soho and into either Greenwich Village or Tribeca. And the subway is right there; in just over half an hour we were up in Washington Heights on our way to the Cloisters.If you want a real New York experience, stay here. Far better than being up at Times Square!	
Apr 30 2008 	Designer Bags	I have just returned from my first trip to New York &amp; can't wait to go back.If you like designer bags watches sunglasses ect very good copies then this is the place for you,Canal Street is around the corner from this hotel &amp; is amazing it can be overwhelming at times but pace yourself &amp; haggle.The hotel is lovely great staff comfy beds &amp; we even had breakfast in the hotel one day which was fine.On the downside for a first trip it is a long way out but the subway is just round the corner.Make sure you vist Rockefeller Centre &amp; Grand Central Station they are both amazing.Would I go back,I would go tomorrow,same hotel maybe not but don't let that put you off I just don't read maps very well !!	
Apr 29 2008	Ok but some problems that makes me scared	JUst recently April 20 , 2008 we checked in Holiday Inn, right in the heart of the chinatown, NYC downtown/Soho .Our bedroom was really impressive, but unfortunately the rumbles of the subway underneath makes me awake all night long. The subway runs 24 hours and it really bothers me. It's like there's always an airplane attack on that area and sometimes the building vibrates. Scary and very tiring for the next day.	
Apr 4 2008 	Awesome!	This hotel is not really in SOHO but in Chinatown. It is in an awesome location. You can walk or take a short subway ride (one block away) to many area attractions. You are in the heart of Chinatown and two blocks from Little Italy. I am a native New Yorker now living in Wisconsin. I took my daughter and her best friend to New York for spring break. I was EXTREMELY impressed with the hotel, the staff, the room and especially the comfy beds!Our room was on the thirteenth floor with a view of the Brooklyn Bridge. I would defiantly request a high floor at the time of your booking.The staff was always upbeat and accommodating. We stayed at the hotel for five nights. One night I woke up to what sounded like an out of control party. I called security and they were there in less than one minute!!!!!!!!! They took care of the problem and we didn't hear a peep for the rest of the night!!The room was very clean and the beds are so comfy. I had no problem falling asleep!Please let me know if you need any further info on the hotel or NYC.	
Mar 27 2008 	LOCATION and comfort	The Holiday Inn &quot;Soho&quot; is really in Chinatown to which I say HOORAY for that. My family consists of a 16 year old a 20 year old and two aging hipster parents. I was warned that the rooms were small, however, with four large persons in a two Q room plus rollout we were just fine. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, there was absolutely no need to with the abundant choices directly nearby. The location was superb for hopping on the MTA to everywhere in town, shopping of any kind, eating great food in Chinatown, Soho, Little Italy, Little India, even walking to the Village, yeah you can do it all from here. We stayed out late and walked in past midnight, with no problems encountered in this area (stay alert in NYC no matter where you are going). We found the room quiet and clean (high floor helped). Subway rumbles underneath the building, be aware of this but it did not disturb us. If you want luxury then don't stay here, go uptown and pay twice as much! And the Ten Ren tea company is right next door. - start the day off with some great chinese tea. Definitely a proper choice for a more interesting experience.	
Mar 26 2008 	Liked it	I stayed here for 3 nights it was free using my Holiday Inn Priority points. The location was great being close to Little Italy and China Town, the room was compact but it was clean so it ticked the first two most important boxes for us location and cleaness. The only issue was we stayed on the 5th floor and there was a lot of noise from the subway. I'd stay again but would request a room on a higher floor.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great value and location	I've stayed in NY many times and this place is one of the best (when its my money and not my employers!). It might not be the nearby Soho Grand but the location is excellent for all the cool spots and Canal Street (the nearest Subway) connects with almost every line serving Manhattan. If you book far enough ahead room rates are very good value. They are clean, reasonably spacious and if you are high (I was on 9th floor) as quiet as you can expect in NY. This makes a great alternative to the traditional tourist Midtown. The staff are very polite (esp duty manager Ron) but be aware it is in Chinatown and not Soho. Also stay away from the vending machines unless you want to throw away your cash. These are small niggles overall a great place to stay. Ignore the comments about breakfast, if you come to NY and eat breakfast in a hotel you are kinda missing the point. As ahint if you book join the Priority Club (its free) you get free bottled water, a paper, late check out and even an upgrade if possible.	
Feb 18 2008	Watch out for credit card charges and poor customer service	I stayed at this hotel in March 2007 and had a fairly enjoyable visit. It was undergoing construction at the time but the staff was friendly and helpful. I made an arrangment to go back to the same hotel in March 2008. I made my reservation in early Feb. When I reserved the room, the hotel website only gave me &quot;estimated charges.&quot; Nevertheless, my credit card was charged for a rate that I never agreed upon. When I called up the reservations manager, Maryann, she was extremely rude and not helpful. When I asked her to email me a confirmation email with the charges (I was never emailed one despite being charged $2500), she said she would...but I have to call continuously to have it emailed. Beware of charges at this hotel. I would not recommend to anyone!!	
Feb 16 2008 	Oh Dear..... what a letdown	I travel all over the world and use hotels in the Holiday inn chain as my mainstay whilst away (at least 2 nights a week). Being a Platinum Points card holder I guess I can say that I know the Chain rather well, and that on the whole what you pay for is what you get. However, this hotel is without doubt the most disappointing and poor quality I have encountered. The rooms even for NYC were tiny, the standard of house keeping was poor with bed linen crumpled, making one wonder if the cleaners had in fact changed the sheets from the previous occupants. The price of the room was no way proportional to the size, standard or value one would expect from such a well known brand. The staff seemed embarrassed by the state of the room and did offer an alternative which was not that much better but after flying for 8 hours was suffice for a one night stay, but in the cold light of day stained wall paper and threadbare carpet are not acceptable nor is dust on most surfaces.We picked this hotel because of the central location to many of the downtown areas of NYC..... top tip, don’t bother stay further uptown and bus to the sites instead.We were due to spend 6 nights there before moving on to Northern MA, we checked out the following morning at 8am and went straight to the Crown Plaza in Times Square...which is from where I pen this despondent note.I know the arguments and use them myself that you only use a hotel room as a base whilst in NYC, but in all honesty.. DSS hostel occupants would have raised their eyebrows at this mediocre offering which has allowed the general run down area of Chinatown and Little Italy to invade the building.	
Feb 13 2008 	Average	An average hotel with small rooms and tatty decor. Good service but you need to keep on top of the cleaners who fail to fill up the basic hygiene and bottled water supplies.Great location close to the subway and good restaurants, reasonable value overall.	
Feb 9 2008 	Good location friendly staff	Very helpful and friendly staff. Beware, though: even from a higher floor, every time a subway train passed underneath the street it rattled the room and fixtures. Lots of noise heard from the street as well, loud trucks even at night. Maybe it depends on what side of the hotel you are on.Room was clean and well-appointed. Free NY Post and USA Today outside your door in the mornings.	
Feb 7 2008 	Very good value convenient location	This hotel is a good little gem, tucked away on a pretty quiet area really in Chinatown and not SoHo at all. I think other reviewers who found this to be out of the way of restaurants and travel and had to take taxis essentially walked the wrong way when they exited the hotel! The 2 blocks immediately north of the hotel are a bit grim, but otherwise:Travel: 2 major subway lines (N/R and 6 ) are between 1 -2 blocks away. The N/R entrance is about 150 yards away from the hotel door, on the corner of Canal and Lafayette.Shopping: Literally around the corner from the hotel is Canal Street and Chinatown, and Century 21 -- the biggest bargain department store -- is a 20 minute walk away downtown. NoLita is a 10 minute walk away, with interesting litle bars and shops.Restaurants: 4 block walk to Little Italy (Mulberry Street), absolutely teaming with fantastic restaurants and pastry shops. 3 - 4 blocks south down Broadway are fantastic delis with fresh bagels and great coffee...nice to not be stuck in a Starbucks.2 -4 blocks directly south of the hotel and you are surrounded by Chinese restaurants.The hotel itself was very clean and the staff great. I've stayed in the Times Square area several times before and will never stay in that antiseptic touristy area again! Downtown is far more interesting and more real.	
Feb 6 2008 	small shabby room noisy	Good location for Chinatown, Little Italy and SOHO, but, the rooms are very small,dated and if your facing onto Lafayette very, very noisy.The staff are OK, the bar is OK, there is free internet, and for 180 USD not to bad overall, but in general it is not up to HInns usual standard full service brand.So if you are OK with small and noisy rooms its OK.	
Jan 22 2008 	Perfect for shoppers	My first time to stay at the Holiday Inn SoHo, my friends second. Perfectly located for shopping on Canal St, Broadway, SoHo, Century 21 or a stroll to Union square. We ordered in breakfast sandwiches (sausage, egg &amp; cheese on a bagel - delish! ) and coffee every morning from the Jubille deli around the corner on Broadway - less than $10. The front desk have the number. Abduhl the bell-hop couldn't have been more helpful and pleasant to deal with. Will definitely stay again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Mixed	We had some mixed reactions with this hotel. We originally booked it because we wanted a different experience from Midtown. However, we ended up a bit disapointed. Its tucked into a boring corner of Chinatown (maybe its technically SoHo, but the surroundings and the writing on the hotel let you know its Chinatown)We ended up having to cab it quite a bit (you can also subway to most locations within 1-6 blocks) as there was a lack of restuarants and entertainment in the area.Rooms were small and the rooms were a little dingy. But it was cheap at $160. Don't think I'll stay there again, I'll be sticking to the Midtown and the UWS.	
Jan 7 2008 	Perfectly Fine Hotel	Stayed here with some friends for Columbis Day weekend. Found this to be a cheaper alternative to staying in Midtown. Hotel was very nice, room was a bit larger than average because we had two double beds, found room to be very clean. We walked the few blocks to Little Italy each night, and being three woman we felt very safe. My only complaint was the hotel restaurant, we did eat breakfast there on the day we checked out. The service was horrible as was the food, not at all what the menu described it to be. However, I would definitely stay here again, but only as an alternative to Midtown simply due tot he long cab rides and traffic.	
Jan 4 2008 	Don't be put off great hotel.	Cracking hotel, especially if you are on a budget, and the hotel upgraded us free of charge as it was my wife's birthday.Location wise, you're only about a 20 minute walk from Union Square in one direction, 5 minutes to Brooklyn Bridge/south street seaport in the other, 15 minutes from Ground Zero. Half hour from Macy's/Saks 5th Ave. It is a fair trek to the likes of Times Square, Restaurant Row or Central Park, but it's a nice walk and no more than $12 in a taxi to get back to the hotel. Canal Street subway is literally round the corner, less than 50m away.Eating is no problem here, the food in all the Cantonese restaurants was terrific. Jewellers on Canal Street were excellent too, and we had to purchase another suitcase from Canal Street on our last day!Some &quot;less than authentic&quot; &quot;Designer&quot; handbags etc. to be had there too. Don't be afraid to accompany the card carrying reps from them. Chinatown, on the whole, is a total adventure. Embrace alternative cultures and just enjoy yourself. We were lucky in that we were upgraded to the superior suite where I have to say were extremely comfortable and spotlessly clean. Great views of Empire State Building and Midtown from one window and Brooklyn Bridge from the other.Complaints about the wireless network? We accessed it without a problem through a PSP to contact friends in NYC we were meeting, but anyone who takes a laptop to NYC, unless on business, seriously needs their head examined!The hotel was extremely friendly and welcoming. We organised a &quot;taxi&quot; to get us to the airport for $65 and the Taxi was this massive, Lincoln with a chauffeur! Thanks, William!Our stay was over way too soon and we are currently making arrangements to revisit, but we fancy somewhere more central this time. We wouldn't hesitate to stop off here again at a later date and would encourage anyone to &quot;loosen their bra straps&quot; and just enjoy their stay in the greatest city in the world!	
Jan 2 2008 	Good Value Good location Small Room	We stayed for a few nights at the Holiday Inn. Nestled between Soho and Chinatown, the hotel is a short walk from the Village. The room was very small, though it was clean and the staff always helpful. While the hotel is ordinary, you are paying for a reliable name and a good location. Well worth it if you can get a good price.	
Dec 27 2007 	Good	Good, friendly staff, decent location, but found the room small and abit cramped, Odd placement of the Air Conditiner/Heater.In window, next to bed.	
Dec 18 2007 	good value and location for downtown	the quality of the experience is above-average given its relatively low price and good location. (I call it a &quot;good location&quot; because I like staying downtown and it's a reasonable walk to Soho and Tribeca. This ain't the upper east side or central park west.) the staff all were authentically polite and the place was great for my wife, me and our 16 month old, along with my parents, spread across 2 rooms.	
Dec 6 2007	Good Hotel  best rates and nice staff	With such mixed reviews I didnt know what to expect, but, I was very pleased with the room we got and the overall service was great. We were just the two of us for the first night but since a 3rd friend wascoming the following night we felt the initial room was too small. We mentioned this to the reception and they happily moved us to a bigger room on the 12th Floor.The hotel walls were a bit thin :) but, I'm not going to complain. All in all the hotel is situated in a very convnient location, minutes walk from soho, chinatown and spring street for shopping.	
Oct 22 2007	Not bad in Chinatown--not Soho	The hotel wasnt bad. My friend had never been to NYC and felt mroe comfortable staying at a chain hotel. It is in Chinatown, not Soho. The area had a lot of graffeti and was kind of dirty. But, it wasnt a bad area. if I hadnt been to Chinatown before, I may have been put off by it. We were on the 6th floor, and still felt and heard the subway. We did get used to it after the first day. What I liked about it was that there were a lot of inexpensive places to eat, it's close to the subway, and close to all the lower Manhattan attractions. We even walked to the Brooklyn Bridge from the hotel The hotel was clean, the restaurant was good, and the staff was excellent. Patrick and Kelly, the concierges were the best. What I didnt like was that it was a little off the beatan path for me. I'd have preferred to stay more midtown. I would probably stay there again, and recommend it.	
Oct 20 2007 	A hidden jewel	By far this was the best stay I had with everything within walking distance. The price was hefty but it was well worth it. Guest satisfaction is paramount and the product is well kept. This is not your typical Holiday Inn Hotel. I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a memerable stay in NYC!	
Oct 16 2007 	poor service	We stayed at the Holiday Inn in Lafayette Street New York in October 2007. The Room and Bathroom are quite small but very Clean. Service was good and friendly. The onlt thing that really annoyed us is that we booked our Car back to the Airport through the Hotel Conceirge for 05:30 in the morning. On the morning of our departure, there was no car for us, even though we had paid for it. Not good when you have a flight to catch.	
Oct 10 2007 	I was disappointed October 1 2007	My x-husband booked our trip and I was so disappointed in the room. The entrance was ok, but I look for a great room.I had requested a King with a fridge as this was a medical trip with medication needing to stay cold.. When we entered, the room was a bit musty.Between the bed and the fridge it was about 7 inches of walking space. This was unacceptable spacing for me.I always like to say something nice too. So the staff was very nice, helpful, and very friendly. They were the best part.Also, . China Town is on the same block. So the location was quite good if you like to bargain.	
Oct 10 2007 	Good for a 3 day stay	Very helpful personal. Room service good.It had everything we needed or wanted for a 3day stay.Rooms are small,but I have seen smaller in NYC. Gym room enough for me. Chinatown one block away. Love that. Bought all the fakes I needed. SOHO not close as chinatown. A enjoyable up to SOHO area. Good eats in all areas. I thought Charging customers for lobby internet was Tacky. Plus it was expensive to use.Little Italy,SOHO,Chinatown,Subway all in walking distance. New Yorkers are super!	
Sep 10 2007 	Good for Manhattan but could be better	The front desk people blamed Hotwire for the bad room I got when I checked in. But if I didn't use Hotwire I would have paid at least $100 more than what I already spent. Its just annoying. Aside from the Hotwire messup the hotel was fine. Clean, comfortable and quiet. But it was still too expensive for what it was.	
Sep 6 2007	fab hotel!! treated like princesses!	had a wonderful week-long stay at the holiday inn, there were three of us &amp; our only reason for being in the city was to shop til we dropped! we were treated like royalty &amp; the staff were so friendly and helpful. great location-little italy and chinatown excellent for food and designer knock offs! shall definately stay here again!!	
Sep 4 2007	One of NY's Best!!	We had one of the best experiences EVER at the Holiday Inn Downtown/SoHo last weekend. Our last experience in Manhattan was a nightmare and we really were not looking forward to the hotel part of our visit. Decided to try our luck on Priceline and we ended up with Holiday Inn in SoHo. First, this area is a wonderful place to stay, we were at the edge of LIttle Italy, Greenwich Village and Chinatown. Now granted, this much activity is not for everybody but we loved the convenience of the location. We saw a Broadway play, went to the US Open and shopped until we dropped and only took one cab other than our airport transportation. The subway was clean and very safe. There were police everywhere and at no time did we feel in danger of any kind. That is after the evening match at the US Open didn't end until after 1am and we had to ride the subway to our hotel!!! Of course you have to be smart but where don't you these days. Back to the hotel...it was so quiet I thought I was someplace other than New York. The staff while very attentive was nearly invisible and the rooms were nicely appointed and very clean. The cleaning staff comes early which I like...but if you aren't ready they will come back later in the afternoon. I am not kidding you...I can't say enough good things about this hotel! Also...if you need a ride from the airport and don't really want to take a taxi...call my newest NY friend Geo @ [--]. We found him at the airport and what a deal!!! He is cheaper than a cab and has tons of information from a local's perspective. He is a college student and has a great personality!! All I can say after a weekend in NY is: NY ROCKS!!!	
Sep 3 2007	3rd time stay 3rd time happy	Booked through the hotel website, worked out slightly cheaper than hotels.com, I had 4 nights in the hotel and this was the third time that I had stayed there. All good again, no major complaints apart from the fact that i requested a late check out of 3pm but even after asking at booking, on the day I checked in and the day before I left I requested a late check out but couldnt get any later than 1pm. Have to say its a great place to stay. Its right beside the Q, N and R subway. Compliments again to the holiday inn.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good location strange hotel!	I had the pleasure of getting a job assignment working for a lower Manhattan agency this past month. Our rooms were booked at the Holiday Inn on Layfette Street near Canal Street. Upon arriving we were excited as the Hotel is located in the heart of the Chinatown/Little Italy area and near a major subway route. The lobby is on a second floor and the bellboy staff is on the first floor. They have a small unattended bar area with some computer terminals for internet use. When we got to our room on the 12th floor we noticed immediately the lack of drawer space. The beds were crammed near a closet and the bathroom was very small. Upon talking to some New Yorkers I learned the building was converted into a Hotel and that is why it was so cramped. The bed linens seemed cheap for even a Holiday Inn and constanly slipped off the bed during the night. There was some train noise because the 6, N, R lines run below. The restaurant Pacifica is just as one of the above reviewer's described. Fake eggs, Lo Mein, small Danish type rolls, sausage and broccoli.....not your average breakfast fare? Take note that the management discourages you from ordering off the menu. I was told they &quot;only had one cook&quot; working on the weekend which makes no sense. The weekend would logically be the busiest time you would think and to be constantly short staffed is not a good impression to make. Also the vouchers rewards members get are good for 7 dollars off a breakfast buffet that costs $11.25. The restaurant actually makes money off the Holiday Inn. Take note that if there are 2 people to a room you get vouchers per couple not per person and this was a surprise to my co-workers. Although, the management was helpful I could tell there was definitely a division on how each business was run. In fact, when we were dining Pacifica sent a company representative to inspect the site and very was disappointed in the way the restaurant was run. We overheard this information and I am sure other customers did as well. On the plus side the neighborhood was nice and Little Italy and Chinatown was nearby. It was nice to have other options for dining in the immediate vicinity.	
Jul 29 2007	Worst Deal ever for $330 a night!	Shopped around for hotels in NY. Not sure what we would get since we had never been to NYC. Figured we would trust the Holiday Inn name. Hotel itself was what you would expect from the Holiday Inn name, but the neighborhood was like the ghetto! TINY room! King size room that barely had 24&quot; clearance around 2 sides of the bed, and the roll-away for our kid blocked the tiny hallway of the room. Had to climb over the roll-away to get into the room, or get to the bathroom from the room. Stayed one night and found a King Suite at the WALDORF ASTORIA for THE SAME PRICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bailed on Holiday Inn Ghetto and stayed in luxury for the following 3 days.	
Jul 16 2007 	Very expensive for what you got	On our road trip of the East Coast we stayed in many hotels including two nights at Midtown Manhatten and this was the most expensive for a 3* hotel . We paid $335 for one night and for that got the smallest room (including small bathroom) we had ever stayed in with a view of the outside A/C units. The room however was clean and comfortable. The breakfast which was not complimentary was expensive and the service appalling it took ages just to be served. This was also the only hotel we had to pay for internet usage. Staff although friendly pushed to arrange transport to take us to the airport which we thought they would just hail a cab as other hotels had done, but no they arranged a limosine with a price tag to match. It was too late to sort someting out ourselves. The location was not as nice as Midtown with lots of vendors trying hard to sell cheap bags etc. just outside the hotel entrance . Would recommend a visit to South Seaport and a walk across Brooklyn Bridge it took us about 20mins to walk from the hotel.The hotel was close to Little Italy and we had a lovely meal where they closed a nearby street in the evening and all the Italian restaurants bring out their tables and chairs for diners. Just like being in Italy Great !! Although ok wish i had looked harder for a cheaper 3* hotel	
Jul 13 2007 	Nice Location	Stayed at the Manhattan Downtown SoHo for business (woman traveling alone). The room I had was a &quot;deluxe queen&quot; on the 14th floor. It was small (about typical size for NYC) but very clean. The batrhroom was also very small, but very nice with a marble counter top and what looked like a brand new tub and shower curtain. The room had a good air conditioner (needed this trip with temps over 90) that was quiet and efficient. The room had a nice view of Canal Street. The hotel is on the edge of ChinaTown and Little Italy. Many good restaurants within walking distance in both areas. One night I was tired and ordered in. To my pleasant surprise, I did not have to go downstairs, and the delivery person was not allowed upstairs. The front desk brought the food to my door. Nice feature for a woman traveling alone.The only negative was that the hotel is not easy to get to from Penn Station unless you take a cab ($13.50 + tip one way). There are subway stations on Canal Street. . .the closest one goes to Grand Central Station Area. and one goes to Herald Square.	
Jul 8 2007 	Nice location. A bit spendy for what you get.	Our room was a double queen. Many hotel's queens are smaller than what you might be used to at home but I swear these were twins. The room layout made it hard to walk around since the foot of the beds come very close to the furniture. The bathroom, on the other hand, was quite large. There were water pressure issues at peak times in the morning but nothing horrible.I stayed here for 3 nights and loved the location. Just one block from China town and close to downtown with out offically being in the district.It's not fancy, it's clean and, in my opinion, a tad bit expensive. $184 per night and this was in 2005.	
Jun 18 2007 	Excellent Stay	The Holiday Inn exceeded my expectations - the rooms are immaculate and all staff were friendly. The front desk went out of their way to assist us, and I appreciated the parking tips from the valet. The location is ideal, being in the heart of Soho/Chinatown (they are right next to each other, so I'm not sure what other reviewers were complaining about). Several subway lines are close by. I will gladly stay here again!	
Jun 13 2007 	So-So in Soho	This hotel provides the piece-of-mind that comes with staying at a well-known chain, but it has slipped a bit since we stayed here a couple of years ago. The place is clean and the staff professional, as can be expected from Holiday Inn. But, stay away from the hotel restaurant. We had breakfast there on a Saturday morning, and it was terrible. The buffet was a total let-down. We were actually served by the busboy who took pity on us as no wait staff appeared until we had finished our meals! The meals were very over-priced for what we got, as well. You can do much better by trying one of the restaurants on Broadway, north-west of the hotel.The hotel owners must have shares in a private car service. We were solicited a total of seven times by hotel staff (front desk and concierges) to arrange for a private ride to the airport as they told us it is &quot;almost impossible&quot; to get a taxi out front. I got a cab as soon as I put my hand up, and it was about ten dollars cheaper than what the car service price was that we were quoted.Room was clean, except for what appeared to be two larvae in the water reservoir of the in-room coffee maker. (There is a Starbucks one block to the east on Canal!)Will probably try one of the boutique hotels around there next time around.	
May 27 2007 	fine for what is it	stayed here for business. the hotel is fine. the location is in chinatown so not necessarily a great neighbourhood but alright. it's close to the subway which is good. the rooms are a bit small but was clean and has what you need. the subway runs under the building so i would hear and feel it every once and a while but didn't bug me too much. my room was $300 which was a bit pricey for what i got. room had free wirelesss which was useful. staff were friendly and helped book me a taxi back to the airport. all in all it is an okay hotel but expensive for what it is.	
May 24 2007 	Card Key Inconvenience	My sister and I stayed at this hotel in February 2007 for one night for an exam I had to take at the NYU. I chose this location due to the fact that it was close to several subway stations, but more importantly, just a short walk towards Canal Street is the subway station which would quickly take me to NYU the following day.Also, it is conveniently close to Chinatown, where there are different Thai, Chinese, etc. restaurants to choose from. Many Chinese shops along Canal Street will also delight the designer knock-off shopper. For cheap leather bags and watches, Little Italy is also close by.Check-in went smoothly, but the problem came when we went upstairs to our room. The card key did not work! We had to insert it several times, but to no avail. We had to report it to the front desk. Security came up to help us get in. He had to do something with the door to make the key work. He explained that the cold weather (it was winter that time) was making the card key malfunction. I had asked if it has happened before and he said yes. This was the first time I had ever stayed at a hotel where the card key did not work and was affected by the &quot;cold weather&quot;! Our room had one queen-sized bed. It was a small room. It seemed clean overall, until I noticed one of the towels in the bathroom having a small speck of hair! I don't want to imagine which body part it came from, but it certainly says a lot about their laundry quality.I had booked this hotel from their website as a points member (you can sign up for free on their website) and it entitled me to a free cocktail drink from their bar, however, I did not use the coupon. If you would like to explore Chinatown/Little Italy, this hotel is strategically located in such area.	
Apr 8 2007 	It's a fine place to stay	I read many of the reviews and even spoke to some friends about the hotel. After visiting I would definitely recommend, especially after seeing some of the prices per night that some of the other reviewers received. My night was free due to a frequent stay program. The rooms were defintely small, almost humorous, but very suitable for a nice stay in NYC. The subway is very close, and taxis, of course, are abundant. Do yourself a favor and walk just a few blocks to eat at the best pizza place in NYC: Lombardi's at 32 Spring Street. Overall, the hotel's staff is friendly, the concierge was very helpful and the bellhops were also very helpful. Give this place a chance.	
Apr 3 2007 	No complaints here!	My friends and I stayed here the weekend of March 31st for my Bachelorette Party. One of my friends got the room for free using her credit card points, so I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is new, clean, quiet, and safe and the staff were all very helpful. Yes, it is really located in Chinatown, but that is part of the fun. As someone else mentioned, the shopping is great! If you want a knockoff Prada bag, fake jewelry, or cheap namebrand perfume, this is the place to go. There were also always a lot of people outside, which made me feel safer. We arrived at 12:30 pm and our room was ready. The next day they let us postpone checkout until 2:30 pm and held our bags downstairs after that. Our room was nice. A bit small, but actually decent size for NY standards. The bed were comfortable, especially the 2 soft pillows. The bathroom was clean and comfortable. We didn't use the tv or eat in the restaurant, so I can't review those. All in all, a nice hotel, especially since we got it for free!	
Mar 26 2007 	Had a Great Stay - Really!	After reading the many reviews of this hotel on this site - including some from the past few months - I have to admit that we were filled with a bit of trepidation about our stay at the Holiday Inn Downtown/Soho . . .. . . but we're now absolutely happy to confirm that we really enjoyed our stay and would not only recommend this hotel to others - but would be most happy to stay there again!Yes, it's true - this hotel is not in the very heart of Soho and is a bit more Chinatown - but, one, Chinatown's a good bit of fun and, two, the hotel's only two blocks from Soho. Little Italy is only two blocks away and the subway (N, R, 6, etc.) is only one block away. It's not scary outside the front door at all, by the way.The staff at this hotel are WONDERFUL: everyone was very friendly, we requested an upgraded room as it was my wife's birthday and they gladly accommodated us (at no extra cost!) with a big, nicely appointed, and immaculately clean room, and they also let us check out late without any question!Are there better hotels in NYC? Absolutely. But this one is quite nice (very clean, very comfortable), with every amenity that most travelers want (e.g., small, updated fitness center downstairs, option to use a nearby full-service gym for $15.00, cable television, etc.). And, best of all, that incredibly friendly and helpful staff!	
Mar 17 2007	Thought You Should Know	1) In my search for a hotel this one was listed as a $180 a night room. The rooms actually cost $235. There are no $180 rooms. So they know how to fool a search engine. Use caution.2) The rooms are literally 3 feet larger than the king bed inside it. Just enough room to walk around the bad. There are no dressers. There is a writing desk in the room, but you can't sit at it. No room for the chair sitting oddly next to it. There is no closet. The bathroom is about 12-inches larger than the toilet. Luckily I wear only a size ten shoe otherwise... The water pressure is bad - not enough to enjoy a shower, forget about filling the tub.3) The restaurant is embarrisingly bad. Especially for the big city. We waited a half-hour for coffee and another 60 minutes for breakfast, only to finally get hard cooked eggs and rare bacon. We were told that the cook didn't show up. While we were comped breakfast, the family next to us shared this experience but were not comped and a twelve dollar gratuity was added to their bill. There is no manager on premises on Saturday morning and the assistants in charge of the front desk didn't speak English very well so there is no chance to communicate the subtlety of things. Requests for clean glasses, for example, could npt be communicated.4) Now, I am a native NY'er so when I tell you this you should take it seriously - this is a HORRIBLE location for a family to stay. On Canal Street bordering Chinatown, simply disgusting. You should never let your wife or kids out in this neighborhood alone. In fact, our first night here, three people were murdered within walking distance of this dive, and two were auxilliary policeman. So don't select this place because of it's supposed convenient walking distance to SOHO and the Village.If you like apologies, offers of discounts on inedible food and argumentative managers, this Holiday Inn may be what you are looking for.	
Mar 17 2007 	Great Stay	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown / Soho 01 March - 05 March 2007Have read all of the reviews on here for this hotel and was a bit worried from some of them as what I was going to find at this hotel!Fristly, The hotel, as far as im concerned, is in a great location! Just around the corner from the main Soho shopping street, close to 5th avenue, next to China Town and a short walk down to the financial district, wtc site and the ferries to the statue of liberty. A subway station is less than a minute away and yes you can here the subway when you are in the hotel, its not loud and I got used to it and eventually forgot about it!! The sound was like someone was just turning up the air conditioning. Dont let that put you off, just remember this is New York!!!We had 2 rooms, both were twin rooms, one was a small room on the 4th floor with two double beds which was ok, nicely decorated and very clean, the second room was on the 8th floor which was much larger, again nicely decorated and very clean. We were also shown an Executive room on the 13th floor which had a double bed, sofa and was a very large corner room but this was not suitable as we needed two beds per room. One of the rooms was paid for and the other was booked using Priority Club rewards points. An upgrade was given as I am an Executive Priority Club member. Both were ideal as a place to sleep, wash and drop the shopping bags, who goes to New York to spend loads of time in a hotel room, there is too much to see, even on a second trip!!! The hotel had a small gym on the ground floor with a couple of running machines, bike and cross trainer and some free weights. There was a small bar area next to reception. Breakfasts were available every morning but go and out explore, there is a great cafe about 5 mins up the road!The pictures that are on the Holiday Inn website do not do the hotel justice, they are quite poorly taken. There is clearly a lot of money being spent on the hotel, there was re-building work going on in the entrance lobby by the escalators up into reception but this should be finished by now and didnt cause any problems when we were there. Every day we were there, new beds were being delivered and old ones taken away.Staff were very friendly and couldnt do more to help. The girls on reception were very welcoming when we arrived and allowed us to check out a number of rooms before we booked in. Every morning we got a cheery &quot;hello&quot; from them and were asked how we were, where we were off to etc etc. Having stayed in a lot of hotels in the UK I think little touches like this add to the stay. There is also a lady who will book theatre tickets, give out maps etc etc.To sum up, a great hotel, very clean, welcoming staff, good location, dont judge it by some of the reviews on here and give it a go!!	
Mar 13 2007	Great location	Stayed for 5 nights with my partner at the end Oct 06. The entrance was not the most promising as it is situated on the corner of a very non descript street that is completely lacking in personality. It is not quite in Chinatown nor Soho. However, it is only 1 block (100m) from Broadway and 3 blocks (500m) from the heart of Soho. Similarly it is 2 blocks from the heart of Chinatown. So within 5-10 mins walk you are right into the heart if these two vibrant areas. The hotel is a typical big city Holiday Inn, the rooms are fine, not huge but comfortable (we opted fro the two doubles to put our bags on) and clean. We didn't eat in the hotel - who does when there is so much choice in NYC?Nearest subway is Canal St and taxis aplenty on Broadway. Overall a great location for Soho and Chinatown and lower Broadway. So great for shopping and eating and a 20 min walk to ground zero, Wall St and the Brooklyn Bridge. Went across to the River Cafe which was absolutely fabulous - picture postcard views of the NYC skyline and high end quality food.	
Feb 19 2007 	Top-notch service tiny rooms!	OK, let's get one thing out of the way and dispense with it quickly. The negative things mentioned about this Holiday Inn in the other reviews here are absolutely true. Yes, the hotel is located all the way down in Chinatown (not SoHo, so don't try to walk there like we did). The building does shake every time the subway trains pass underneath. Most of all, the guestrooms are claustrophically dollhouse-tiny . Throughout all my world travels, I've never seen a room this small -- there is no way two people can comfortably navigate in such little space, to the point where it actually becomes comical!That said, however, it would be completely unfair not to mention that the outstanding service at this hotel more than makes up for all its drawbacks. We were treated like celebrities throughout our entire stay. Everyone fussed over us, from the bellmen (who double as valet parkers), to the front desk agents, to the restaurant waitstaff and housekeepers who seemed to survey our every move (we definitely knew we weren't in SoHo because many hotel employees were indeed Chinese). Anything we might have needed was already anticipated and attended to immediately. They made us feel very important and special, and our stay was so much fun that we tipped generously all around. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in Manhattan over the years, but even in the poshest places uptown, I can't remember any experience as pleasurable as this one. The valet parking was a breeze and definitely worth the extra money. The breakfast buffet was worth it , too (they comped my child's meal). The hotel usually offers a very low rate through Travelzoo, but the front desk suggests that you call the hotel directly and they can clue you in on other ways to save. Our rate was $149, which seemed more than fair for Manhattan on a holiday weekend.If you can deal with the itsy-bitsy guestrooms, give this Holiday Inn a try for your next stay in Manhattan!	
Dec 31 2006 	Great Location for food and shopping Okay Rooms	I am extremely anal about safeness and cleanliness and this hotel met my standards. It was very clean and I felt safe!It is located in the heart of Chinatown and Little Italy. We walked like 1 block and we were right in the middle of Canal Street and the subway station. We took a taxi from the airport which is the way to go - taking the subway from the airport was too time consuming. The hotel was an excellent location to catch the subway - very easy to use location. If you are in the city for a few days then get a flexible pass - it helped us because we were able to jump from Statue of Liberty, to the room, back to Battery Park, then up to the Guggenheim with a mistake here and there and it was covered in our pass - very freeing to be able to get on and off when needed. The hotel is in a fairly busy area off a side street so we felt safe enough walking from the subway station to the hotel room since there were lots of people out- even at night. There is a Starbucks within walking distance and lots of good little eateries mostly Italian or Chinese. Great shopping on Canal Street especially if you like knockoff stuff- be sure to bargain and don't be too scared to go into the little room in the back of the store - that's where they have the good stuff. The hotel itself had great staff - friendly , professional and accomodating . We came in after a red eye flight expecting to just store our luggage because it was in the middle of summer-super busy time- and they actually had our room ready.We don't spend much time in our room , so we weren't extremely picky with ammenities. It comes with the typical shampoo soap and such and they also had an extra counter for food/coffee or makeup! They have a restaurant but it's way smarter and cheaper to eat out on the town -you didn't go to New York to eat in your hotel!!!!! Rooms were quiet. We had a ugly view of the building next to us and the street, but hey, we weren't expecting to spend our time enjoying the view from our room the entire trip. Good television - lots of channels. We had 2 comfortable full size beds - extra pillows available upon request. Big room and good size bathroom with tub. Hallway areas need an update but overall what a good location! I would stay here again just for the location and the total New York experience - hustle and bustle. Oh and did I mention they have a free complimentary use computer in the lobby - perfect for checking emails......granted it is a slow connection and lots of people want to use it but good for a quick 10 minute check	
Dec 30 2006 	Chinatown NOT Soho	I booked this hotel based on its description as the Holiday Inn/Downtown Manhattan/Soho. Imagine my shock, then, when the cab stopped in CHINATOWN. If you don't believe me, check out the photo - the hotel's name is written in English and in Chinese, just like everything else in the area. Apparently Soho borders Chinatown, and the hotel is on the Chinatown end of the border but technically has a Soho address, thus the misleading description. The only time I felt unsafe during my visit to NYC was one night when we climbed out of the subway onto the street a block from the hotel. Every window, it seemed, was barred and the streets were deserted except for one screaming drunk/crazy person, who of course was directly in our path to the hotel. This hotel also looks nothing like the glowing photo featured on the Holiday Inn Web site and on this page. In fact, we could barely find it, as the only thing marking it on the street as the Holiday Inn were a few nondescript, tiny flags. On the plus side, the hotel was clean and the staff friendly and helpful, and it is only a short walk to the subway. I just didn't appreciate being misled by the supposed trendy Soho location.	
Dec 17 2006 	Perfect for a budget holiday	If your travelling to New York on a budget this is perfect. It's in a great location, the room was spotless and the staff were very friendly. It was great staying here as we were away from all the madness of Time Square - and it was lovely to just wander around the streets of Soho. We were also able to walk to all the sights in Manhattan but if you don't fancy a trek on the streets the subway is just around the corner from the hotel. There are loads of great shops and restaurants close by (including the fab Spring Street rest) - and it's right beside Little Italy and Chinatown.	
Nov 10 2006 	Perfect Hotel; Perfect Price; Perfect Location	I researched for a month and this was the perfect hotel for the price and location. My room was very clean and the service was excellent. The hotel was walking distance from Canal Street. The concierge was soooo helpful and pleasant. Everyone at the front desk was pleasant. My only suggestion for improvement was the dining area We only ate breakfast there once and the tablecloths were dirty and some of the napkins appeared to not have been washed. Other than that, EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT!	
Oct 29 2006	Broken dirty window overpriced poor breakfast	Location is in Chinatown. My room was extremely noisy. Window did not close well. As I tried I got my hand dirty. Breakfast cost $24 for 2 and was horrible. Fruit was uneatable, eggs were cold, no doughnuts, cakes or anything good. Do not go there.	
Oct 14 2006 	good value	I spent 5 nights at this hotel and was stunned about the tiniest room I have ever seen in my life. Anyway, the room was clean and with all equipment. The rooms, especially the draperies, need an update. The staff was mainly rude and not very helpful. I would recommend the hotel to all visitors (both tourist and business travellers), who look for a good quality hotel for a reasonable price, located in downtown Manhattan.	
Oct 14 2006 	Great location and resonably priced	The location of this hotel was great, good restaurants nearby and easy access to the subway. Rooms were only small but were clean, well maintained and airconditioned. We booked direct with the hotel online which gave us a much better price than the brochures. Facilities are modest but when you are out all day, it doesn't really matter. This is a well priced hotel in an overpriced city and is all you really need in New York.	
Sep 26 2006 	PERFECT Location!	We were really happy with the location of this hotel. A block away from Chinatown and also from Little Italy. If you like food and shopping - this is where you want to be! The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - from the bellman to the bar staff and everyone we came in contact with. The concierge was a bit on the snooty side - we only asked her one question and then just decided to figure things out on our own - which was actually quite easy. We were upgraded to a junior suite when we checked in (my husband is a member of the Priority Club at Holiday Inn) and it was an awesome room. A big corner room with awesome views. The bathroom was a bit small for two people - we couldn't even both fit in there. It was one of the quietest hotels we've ever stayed at. Our room was on the 13th floor and right by the elevator but we were never awakened by anything. To clear up the subway topic mentioned by earlier posters, YES, you can hear the subway as it does run underneath the hotel. We could hear it on the 13th floor but it quickly just became background noise - this might be a problem though on the lower floors? If we were to go back, I would request a high floor just in case. The room was very clean and no sign at all of bed bugs. A previous poster mentioned the Chinest restaurant just outside the entrance to the right of the hotel. We ate there on her recommendation and we loved it. Also, every place we ate in Little Italy was awesome. The subway entrance is just a block away and was an easy way to get around town. Cabs are plentiful and quite cheap but be careful when walking around town. The traffic is horrendous and scary - we saw a teenager get hit and thrown through the air by a car just outside the hotel on Canal. You need to really be aware of what's going on around you at all times.	
Sep 19 2006	Holiday Inn Soho just great!	My friend and I went to visit my daughter in NYC for the long Labor Day weekend. While there was some confusion as to my reservation since I did not leave a credit card to guarantee it, they did accomodate us and even upgraded the room at no addional cost. The rooms were large and very clean. The front desk staff and concierge were very helpful and chearful which helped in the pouring rain. The property is not imediately next to any restauaraunts or bars or cafes so you do have to walk a bit but the subway is very close..one block and Canal street shopping one block also. I will definetly go back provided I can find another reasonable rate, which of course is not always avaiable anywhere in NYC! Only suggestion, There is no regular doorman, so if getting dropped with lots of luggage, make sure you have help to inside the door from the cab driver.	
Aug 22 2006	Adequate hotel - good location	Room reasonable size, has all required facilities, furnishings a little tired but nothing that would put you off. Bathroom clean.Staff were fine.Breakfast is a dissapointment but with all of NY on your doorstep pop out to Broadway and walk a few yards and choose from all of SoHo.Locationwise - it is more Chinatown than SoHo but Mulberry St/Little Italy is only two blocks away in one direction, and the trendy SoHo cafes/bars/restaurants a few blocks in the other.Recommended restaurant is the French Bistro Les Amis in Spring Street.	
Aug 17 2006	Horrendous Response to Safety Issue	I am a business woman who was staying alone in the Holiday Inn. There was an attempted break-in into my room during the night. The hotel's response was terrible. They did not call the police that night. Their response since has been &quot;this is just weird&quot; and &quot;no one saw anything out of the ordinary.&quot; I did not even receive an apology from management until three weeks after my stay.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great location nice staff okay rooms	I stayed at the Soho Holiday Inn on business on August 11, 2006. The location is great. Even though they say Soho, its really Chinatown. I had business at Federal Plaza, so its about as convenient as can be for business travel to that area. I was early for check in, but they accomodated me and were very friendly. Everyone was uniformly friendly, from the the guys at the front door, to the front desk staff, to the maids, to the bartenders. The rooms are small, and at $279.00 (all taxes included) not necessarily a great bargain, but it could be worse. I don't really know the rates in NYC. I didn't eat at the restaurant, why would you when you step out the front door into Chinatown!!	
Aug 11 2006	All systems gp	Thinking about a trip, and trying to put it into words are apples, and oranges. I just got back from Manhattan. I spent Aug. 5th.-7th. 2006 at the Holiday Inn downtown on Lafayette st.. I read so many mixed reviews about this hotel I was a little skeptical. If that were not enough confussion, I found two articles that blew me out of the water. One was from a man that said he stayed at the place 3 days a week for forty two weeks and did not recommend that anyone stay there. The other was from a man that asked if you ever wondered why the subway was so close &quot;to the hotel? His answer was that the subway runs under the hotel. He wrote that he got a free giggle everytime the subway passed. I am a 58 year old woman who was traveling with my 30 year old daughter who is a student at UAB in Birmingham, Al. It was by then too late to change the reservations. No time to research another hotel property. I drove from Mobile, Al., picked my daughter up in B'ham, then on to New York. Ladies and gentlemen, it was the time of my life! This Holiday Inn is called the Holiday Inn, &quot;Soho&quot;, the Holiday Inn, &quot;Little Italy&quot;, It is actually the Holiday Inn, CHINATOWN&quot;. Located one short block from one of the busiest street in NY. Canel Street. It is not far from &quot;Little Italy&quot;, and &quot;Soho&quot; but it is in Chinatown. If you do not want to go there, avoid it all together. That being said, It is a very nice hotel. I paid $197.00 a day (not including taxes or parking.) I have a 2007 Toyota Camry, and it costed $44.00 a day to park. They charge more for bigger cars. No in, and out of the parking lot. You get your car again when you leave. I booked this room by calling the number to this hotel directly. My advise is to book your own room. You get a confirmation number, and there are no suprises. The staff treated us with care, attention and respect. The TV did not work when we first arrived so we called the desk. Five minutes later the maintance person came, and plugged it in. He was friendly, and we chatted about NY. The conciergse (can't spell it) suggested we ride the open top tour bus. We gave her ten dollars each, and she gave us a slip to get our tickets, with instructions on how to do it. We paid another fourty each ($100.00 total) for the up town, downtown, &quot;hop on hop off&quot; trips , and night time tours good for 48 hours. That, my friend , was a deal. The restaurant had no red wine, and no vodka. We didn't care. There are many bars in NY. The other reviews got one thing right. The rooms are small. We had two double beds, and a bathroom. All we used the room for was to shower and sleep. The place was very clean The property is trying to save water so if you want your room made up or fresh towels call the desk. We didn't need anything but more coffee, and got it in a flash. If you come out the front door of the hotel and turn right you will find a Chinese restaurant next door. Eat there..........Soooo Good! The shopping was wonderful. 8 purses, and two wallets cost less than $200.00. Don't pay over $25.00 for ANY purse. Not over $10.00 for a wallet. Don't buy from people on the street. Stay with the shops. I wanted to stay in Chinatown. I was not disappointed with a thing. I hope this helps someone out there. Oh, I almost forgot. I didn.t feel one giggle from the subway. No street noise either..Go figure.	
Aug 9 2006 	Dangerous inattention to safety	After a attempted break-in of our room, management totally dropped the ball, failing to call the police and follow up with us once we returned home. I would not trust them again.	
Aug 5 2006 	It's okay and convenient	I have stayed in this hotel for a few days during March 06. The main purpose of this trip was to visit my dad who was sick. He stayed in a nursary centre somewhere close to East Broadway and therefore I decided to stay there, which was close to the nursary centre. As my purose was not sightseeing, my feeling might be different from others. All in all, that's what I felt:1) It's a bit small, old but tidiness and cleaniness was okay.2) Facilities were a bit less when comparing to most hotels I stayed. I couldn't even find boiled/drinkable water in the room. However when I asked for shaving cream &amp; blazor they provided me within a minute.3) Location wise I think it's good as it's in downtown of Manhattan. I didn't take any subway those days but I knew there's a subway station in Canal Street. I knew I could get to the South Street Sea Gate, Wall Street, Broadway, 5th Avenue easily by subway or bus as I've visited NYbefore.4) As it's closed to China town, I could enjoy my breakfast early in the morning. There's a lot of choices if you like various Chinese foods. Starbuzz/McDonald is also nearby. The hotel is also very closed to Little Italy.Overall it's okay. No surprise but I think it's too expensive to stay there.	
Jul 21 2006 	Nice Hotel	Three of us shared a 2-double bed room. The room was small, and with suitcases on the floor, not much room to walk around. But we didn't spend much time in our room anyway. After staying around Times Square for a few years, I was ready to try something different. We were on the 6th floor--but couldn't hear street noise at all! (Our room faced to the side, not the street.) Beds were comfortable, room and bathroom were clean, no bugs, and the staff was exceptionally nice and accomodating. The Canal St. subway station was about 1 min. walk from the hotel. Times Square was about 20 min. by express train.I would definitely stay here again!!	
Jun 7 2006 	It should cost less!	Holiday Inn on Lafayette needs to be refurbished, it is ok but it feels like the rooms are old and kind of dirty.The staff is not very dedicated talking to, they are doing their job but no more.The location is great but it is a hotel for only the sleep, nothing else is enjoyable.I feel that you pay for more than what you get. If you want a place to sleep at while in NYC it is ok, but bear that in mind that it is everything you are about to get.Peter G	
May 23 2006	Expensive and Very Small Room with Mediocre service - Great Location	This Holiday Inn is one of the worst I have ever stayed at. The room was very small and cramped for space, the view is uninspiring and the decor is mediocre. As a priority club member, I usually get free breakfast, but this location discontinued that feature, which results in an expensive breakfast bill and an hour or two of unnecessary arguing. The location was great - one block from a major subway station, ChinaTown, Little Italy and close to many shops. The bell men were excellent, and always helpful - they booked our airport transfers and were always willing to give us directions! Overall - I would not recommend this hotel. There are plently of better quality hotels in NYC, for the same amount of money (about $300USD/night).	
May 20 2006 	Great Location!	Clean. Great Location. Decent price.I did not encounter attitude from any of the staff.Balthazar around the corner.	
May 3 2006	Central Location but terrible service	This hotel is centrally located in Manhattan but I would advise avoiding it. They increased the price of our stay by 20% and charged it to my credit card without authorisation. The cleaners woke us every morning, despite the do not disturb sign on the door. The reception staff were very unhelpful. The rooms are tiny, even by New York standards. Certainly not worth $250 per night!!	
Apr 18 2006 	Staff attitude problem!!!!!!!	Stayed here last week for 4 nights and have to say from the beginnning to the end there were numerous problems. As a Priority Club member I deserve better treatment. On checking in I was assigned a really horrible dingy small room. On complaining the guy at the desk admitted the room was not the best and put me on the 13th floor were the rooms are bigger with much more light.The telephone in the room was closed. i couldnt make calls without asking first to the desk, the same with the movies on the television. The wireless internet access was free of charge in the rooms but was a joke and didnt work 90% of the time (after complaining to the front desk it worked within a few minutes, so I guess it was an effort for the management to save money.Breakfast was another nightmare!!!&quot;You cant sit here Sir!&quot; is what I heard in the breakfast room, you cant choose your own table the staff decide the place you should sit. Apparantly all the other tables that I had prefered to sit at had been reserved for lunch at 10am all without RESERVED signs. The image portrayed was that of a lazy slovenly and inmotivated staff!. The waitress threw tantrums an d also her napkins on another table when I refused to sit were she pointed.We asked to see a manager but the waitress denied causing problems and I am still waiting for a response from the manager on duty that day who didnt have the decency to call my room after the incident even though she requested my room number.On checking out more problems! they wanted to charge us more than the invoice amount stating that we had gone over out authorised amount whcih was utter nonsense as I had a prepaid reservation.This was eventually sorted out on presentation of the invoice that I had printed from the Internet.A WORD OF ADVICE!!!!IF YOU ARE STAYING AT THIS HOTEL AND HAVE DONE THE RESERVATION ONLINE. Please please make sure that you have a copy of your original booking invoice otherwise you will be overcharged by a bunch of the most ignorant uncustomer friendly desk staff i have ever met!!	
Apr 15 2006	Great location; friendly staff	We arrived in NYC at 6:30 a.m. but we were given a room (at no extra charge) although check-in is not till 3 p.m. The room, albeit small, had 2 twin beds, which was perfect for my family (2 adults, 2 children (ages 16 &amp; 9). The room and bathroom were clean, had a TV, CD player/radio and internet connection. We called for extra towels and in less than 2 minutes, someone was knocking at our door with extra towels. The room we got was on the 3rd floor so the view was not exactly the best but this is New York and everything else, unless you live at the Trump Plaza, Rockefeller Center, or the Waldorf, is taller than your building.The hotel was at the edge of Chinatown and a stone's throw from Little Italy and Soho. We walked a block towards Broadway to get on the subway to Times Square. Every day (of our 3 night, 4 day stay), we rode the hop-on/hop-off sightseeing buses which had a stop a block away by Broadway and Respinard Sts.We went shopping at Chinatown in the evenings and ordered &quot;to-go&quot; Chinese food so we can enjoy them while watching out favorite TV shows in our room.The hotel charges $2.50 per luggage for keeping them after you check out but it's worth the charge instead of lugging them around while waiting for your flight. Ours did not leave till 5 pm and with check out at 12 pm, we just left them with the concierge, went back shopping, ate out, then returned to retrieve them.We definitely will be back at this hotel next time we visit NYC and we strongly recommend this hotel for families with children.	
Mar 24 2006	Amazing Location	Stayed in this Hotel for a weekend during March.The hotel itself is nice enough, with staff being friendly and helpful. The room was clean, tidy and a good size although could have done with a refurbishment.Breakfast was ok, if a little over pricedThe best thing about this hotel is the location. It's away from the really tourist area, it's just off one of the really busy chinatown streets, it seems to be a liveley area from early morning to late night. Seemed to be a really safe area to walk around too. It's also only a few hundred yards away from the beautiful Little Italy.For people who want to do touristy things the hotel is near 5 subway lines that can get you to most parts of the city really quickly - including the airports.	
Mar 23 2006	Central Location NYC Nice	The hotel was very centrally located to Canal Street, Little Italy, Chinatown, and Soho. It was very close to a subway terminal and felt &quot;safe&quot; at night. It usually only took about 10 miunutes to get uptown to Times Square. The room was small, but adequate, no fridge in the room.. The bathroom was very nice and it was clean. No sighting of any bed bugs here on our trip. The mattresses looked brand new, I checked...Overall, this was a nice hotel, but maybe a little overpriced. I guess it could be just the time of year (St.Patricks Day) and normal for NYC.. I would do some comparative shopping.	
Feb 23 2006	Great location	My daughter and I stayed at the Holiday Inn - Soho in January. Great location. Loved Canal Street! The staff was very helpful. Subway just down the block.Room was clean - nice bathroom - concierge gave us great restaurant suggestions. Will be staying here again!	
Feb 6 2006	watch out! those bed bugs bite!!	Room size was nice: room service on time - but what are those itchy welts coming up on my arm, neck and legs?? A trip to the doctor next day confirmed that these are bed bug bites!! Of course the hotel staff totally denied the problem, so beware - those critters are still at large, and those itchy bites don't go away for days. Try complaining and you might get a room change, but be prepared for the entire staff treating you like you're the one to blame! A very humiliating experience in all... stay away.	
Jan 26 2006	Can't complain hotel	If you are looking at a decent hotel that is not priced out of the world, this is the hotel for you. As someone who is fond of Asian food, this hotel is located where you can find some of the best hongkong style food all within walking distance. The hotel is clean and safe. The only problem we had was the size of the room which leaves us no space to open up our luggages. But, this is expected of any budget NY Manhattan hotels. All in all, it is a very neat and tidy, no frills hotel. Afterall, that is what a hotel room is for, resting at night. And this hotel caters just for that. At that kind of price, no one should complain....	
Jan 26 2006	Very Central to Great Neighbourhoods	If you prefer being away from Times Square and want to be in the midst of the great neighbourhoods in Manhattan, the Holiday Inn SOHO/Chinatown would suit you. It's a classic 3 star hotel. Nothing spectaclar and just what you need while in NY. Rate was reasonable. Rooms were small but sufficient. Front desk person not very knowledgeable. Housekeeping staff very friendly. Get the $30.00 flat rate (tips and taxes included) to La Guardia Airport from the hotel. Watch out for the &quot;other&quot; airport rate ($54.00). We know someone who got burned!! Great shopping and restaurants all around the hotel. No need to walk more than 20 minutes.	
Jan 12 2006	Good value for money	My family and myself stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on a visit to New York just before Christmas.. I thought the location was great with good transport links. I am not a fan of Uptown, so found the location great for Downtown, so I found the location great for Downtown, Greenwich, Soho etc,Spent very little time in the room so I found the facilities adequate. I would definately recommend the hotel to friends visiting New York.The staff were very helpful, they even let my check-in at 9.30am as we had an early morning arrival.Look forward to my next visit to New York a will definately rebook.This is not directed at this hotel but hotels in the USA in general. It really annoys me all the extra charges that are added to your bill, eg tourist tax etc	
Jan 6 2006	Enjoyed the stay	The room was a lil small for a 2 double bed room. the bathroom was small but nice, especially the shower head. beds were nice and the sheets were always clean. a maid service everyday. oh and the pillows were real comfy. the concierge at the bottom was real nice always helped us out on where to go and how to use the subway. its located right in chinatown and near lil Italy. and the substation is right on the corner. so it was very convenient. overall i enjoyed my stay at the holiday inn at soho. not much complaints at all...and i didn't feel the subway shaking the beds at night, i have no clue what that other dude is saying...	
Dec 17 2005 	Awful Hotel Food Staff and Location -- Free Vibrating Bed from the Subways bel	Stayed here four separate weeks in November and Dec. We were unable to get a room anywhere else in the City for the Gov't Rate of 208/226 for the period. I stay 4 nites a weeks, 45 weeks a year for work and have doen so the last five years. This is by far the worst hotel. As stated in other reviews, the restaurant/breakfast is awful, the staff nonresponsive to requests and complaints, rooms substandard, and had various problems. One week a cup of oatmeal and coffee is 7.00, the next week it is 15.00. Another week they decided to charge 2.50 a bag to store luggage for a morning, checked us all out of the hotel when we asked for a printout to check the rate, check us in at three different rates even though I had made all the reservations at the same time for the same rate, and most weeks failed to credit our Priority club accounts for stay credit. The rooms were not clean, the last week my carpet was soaked from a leak from the room above and every nite security had to come to room room to let me in as the key card never worked.To all of this, Management was indifferent. The neighbor is not interesting but filthy with construction going on along Lafayette and the intersection of 5 or 6 subways are beneath the hotel. If you enjoy a vibrating bed, gratis, this is the place for you.There is a reason this is the only branded hotel that offers such a low rate in the confines of Manhattan. Stay in New Jersy of you must, but don't stay here.	
Dec 15 2005	Budget Hotel in Great location	If your looking for luxury then don't stay here. If however your looking for a good clean place in a fab location then this is the one for you...Walking distance to all the main areas, little italy, tribeca, china town...	
Nov 30 2005	Holiday in the Holiday Inn	Very clean, comfortable hotel. Definitely in Chinatown, 2 minutes to Little Italy.Walking distance to Ground Zero.Bring warm clothes as it can be freezing!!!(I was there in Nov 05)Excellent,clean,smallish, bathroom (I've been in smaller, in Paris). Good shower &amp; bath.Staff exceptionally friendly &amp; helpful.Very expensive - but I booked at the last minute &amp; it was high season (mid Nov).I felt it was worth paying extra for a room with 2 double beds to ensure it was a decent size.	
Nov 30 2005	Well done Holiday Inn	Just spent 5 nights at this Holiday Inn in Manhattan and, apart from feeling that I was in Hong Kong rather than NYC, it was brilliant. Situated just on the edge of Chinatown, it had subway stations really close by. All the staff were pleasant and helpful and the room was warm, comfortable and welcoming. What more do you need? I was a single woman traveling alone but had no fears in this hotel or the area.	
Sep 24 2005	All we needed	My wife and I stayed for a weekend to browse the Chinatown and Little Italy areas. Location was ideal for our needs. Room was good sized and spotless clean, although a little dark as it looked on to a blank wall across a side street. The staff were excellent. Always cheerfull and friendly, and ready to help with advice and directions. For what we wanted we could not have done better at the price, although I will say we were disappointed in the restaurant menu, which was dominated by oriental choices, and which turned out to be bland and tasteless. If in the area again, would definately return.	
Sep 18 2005	good cheap place to stay	I stayed here Sept. 7-11, and like other reviewers said, it is definitely in Chinatown. After around 6 p.m., there's no one in the neighborhood, no open nearby drugstores or places to eat. But during the day, it's bustling and the subway is RIGHT THERE. There are safe ATMs all around, cheap Chinese buffets and a place on Canal that sells pizza and Jamaican beef patties that were actually pretty good and cheap. The vendors outside the hotel are selling fake designer purses, $5 pashmina scarves (yeah, right!), fake designer watches, etc. If this is your thing, buy during the week. I found that the vendors are much less likely to deal on Saturdays, when the neighborhood is flooded with tourists. Don't worry at all about your safety - I am a woman and I never once felt in danger. Of course, take the usual precautions, but don't be afraid to consult a subway map, because most other people around are too.The rooms are SMALL, maybe 300 square feet, and our bedspread had some cigarette burns in it. We called and asked for another blanket - and they brought another bedspread. Oh well. The bathroom was clean, water pressure fine, A/C actually got the room too cold, and I didn't hear ANY noise from the street the entire time we were there, and we were on the 7th floor. Really, for the price, it can't be beat. We paid $200 a night during the U.S. Open. Don't pay premium to stay in Times Square, the noise and crowds and absolute tourist overload there would get old in about 5 hours.	
Jul 28 2005	Great Value for Money	Holiday in Soho is nothing fancy, but if you want a Soho location (technically its in Chinatown, but literally 1 block from Soho and not in the middle of the Chinatown mayhem) but without the late night noise, and traffic, go for this hotel.It took us 2 minutes to walk to Broadway, and 5 minutes to walk to the heart of Soho. Perfect for both shopping and nights out.Service was great - we got automatic late check out as I'm a Hilton honours cardholder, and they didn't mind when we checked in at midnight after the flight from the UK. They even gave us, as requested, a quiet room on a high floor.Decor is not exciting, but the beds were comfortable enough - and if you're visiting NY on vacation, lets face it you won't be in the room much!Am returning to NY in November, and will definitely stay there again, and save the rest of my $$ for shopping!!	
Jul 27 2005 	Definitely Disappointed.	I based my expectations on past Holiday Inn experiences and other NYC area hotels and was definitely let down. The overall price was probably fair considering the location, but the value was definitely far below average. I was not able to get internet in my room with either standard method. There is no wall jack to connect to in the room and the wireless connection was so low I had to work from the lobby. Having a good internet connection is very important during my travels, considering the trip was for business and that I work in the software industry. So I asked to change rooms several times finally being able to the last day of my stay. The location is definitely in Chinatown. My A/C was average. The breakfast buffett was horrible so I tried ordering something off of the menu the next day to find they were at least consistent. Needless to say, I did not eat there again. The one positive thing I could add is the proximity to the subways. If you look it up, it's on the coner of Lafayette and Howard. J, M, N, Q, R, W, Z, 6. Previously working in the hotel industry for over 4 years definitely makes me more of a critic when I stay at other hotels. But I always keep a positive attitude and have a high tolerance for the lack of service and facility because I expect there is some reason. In this case, I find it important to pass my experience along because I would not recommend that anyone stay here; and I will definitely be back.	
Jul 22 2005 	OK if your expectations aren't too high	This is not a luxury hotel, it offers few amenities and the location is not great. But my room was clean, the air conditioner worked and I didn't get stuck in the elevator, as an earlier reviewer did. I paid $179 (plus another 16% in taxes) which puts this in the lower price range for this kind of hotel. The neighborhood is called many things on maps and in guideboks, but it is definitely Chinatown, though it's close to Little Italy, Tribeca and Soho. The front desk staff was capable, but I wouldn't call them friendly or helpful. The restaurant, Pacifica, was not very good--average diner food and poor service. We ate there twice for convenience and only one of the people we encountered appeared to speak English; and he was surly. There are 14 floors, so try to get as high as possible. Even so, the garbage trucks come by at 4:30 am, so you're not going to sleep through the night (but that's true of most places in Manhattan). On each floor they had near the elevators an electric shoe shiner, which makes this place feel like a hotel for salesmen catering to the local stores--it has a Willy Loman feel to it. For under $200 this is about what you can expect in New York.	
Jul 14 2005	Exceeded expectations/Fine staff	Room was small but clean. Staff was excellent.Area is bustling Chinatown--very interesting. We were just steps from subway station to uptown. Little Italy(great pizza at Lombardi's) is just a couple of blocks away. We walked to Trade Center, Brooklyn, Soho, Lower Eastside(however Katz's was a disapointment--corn beef not as tasty as our Detroit corn beef). I would go back again.	
Jul 4 2005 	Excellent hotel	The hotel is not located at the most beautiful location but the hotel itself is perfect. Friendly staff, breakfast adequate and a big bed. The rooms aren't big but convenient and very clean. Television, iron, ironing board, hair-dryer, stereo (cd's&amp;radio) all included. And expect a daily newspaper in front of your door during the week in the morning. We had a perfect stay!	
Jun 21 2005	Loved it	I have just returned from one week vacation in New York City.The hotel was excellent, me and my girlfrined had a great time!I have seen different reviews and was little bit worried but everything was perfect. The hotel is in fact in Chinatown, but Soho, East village, Ground zero are within walking distance.I would recomend this hotel to the people who has already been in New York and to those who plan to go out in the evening because all downtown area is so close and you will not loose much time.	
Jun 12 2005 	Perfectly Fine	The location, walking distance to Soho and Tribeca and immediately adjacent a station served by several subway lines, is ideal. I did not eat at the hotel because so many restaurants were so very close. The staff were extemely helpful and courteous. The rooms are plain but the price, for New York, is an incredible bargain.	
May 9 2005	Perfectly satisfied	Stayed here for a long weekend with my grown family. Rooms were clean and well equipped. Also, nice to have a bath to soak in after a long day's exploring! Location is very convenient for walking around the Soho, Tribeca and Lower Manhattan areas as well as having excellent subway access to the rest of Manhattan. Staff were helpful and welcoming. This was my second visit to this hotel, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
May 1 2005	Definitely Chinatown Not Soho	This hotel is surrounded by Chinatown, has a majority of Chinese employees, there seemed to be many Chinese events - birthday parties, etc. - when we were there - certainly not a minus but something one should be aware of. The room was average - tourism okay, probably not for business trips. The bathroom was okay - definitely not luxurious. We were there for a week - the elevator was repaired twice - stopping once when we were in it - the elevator engineer was in it with us!, the escalator twice, the hot water boiler once - the elevator engineer suggested that they weren't getting things repaired well - just quickly. I must mention that the location grew on us - by the end of the week we could see more of the charm and less of the seediness.	
Apr 17 2005	Great deal for the price!	My husband &amp; I stayed here for five nights in early April 2005. It was our first trip to NYC and I was very happy with everything, including this hotel. We were on the 5th floor, unfortunately with a view of the building across the street.Honestly, the size of the room was larger than I expected. I don’t think we had a chair, just a king-sized bed, two end tables, and a television on a stand, but we didn’t do much lounging around the room anyway. The room was very clean and everything in it seemed relatively new (no shabby carpets or worn-out comforters). Bathroom was also fair-sized and extremely clean. There were a few problems (the shower head wouldn’t stay upright, hair dryer wouldn’t always work, light bulb out in bedside lamp, and the cd player wasn’t working) but as soon as I got around to mentioning it to the front desk the manager came out and was very apologetic. He made sure everything was fixed that day while we were out and offered us a comped breakfast (we’d already eaten and it was our last day, oh well, a nice gesture anyway). The lady at the front desk who checked us in was a little cold, but it was late (11pm) and overall the staff was great. We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant once - it was very good (one of the best ham &amp; cheese omelets I’ve ever had) AND a great price. I think the room service breakfast is the same menu and same prices, which is practically unheard of! Too bad we didn’t have a chance to take advantage of that.The neighborhood wasn’t the best - I definitely would’ve called it Chinatown rather than SoHo, but it wasn’t far from SoHo, and for the price, hey, you can’t beat it. On the plus side, it was very quiet and there are a couple of subway stations within a block. It’s a little scary at night because the streets are pretty deserted from the subway to the hotel, but no one ever bothered us.All in all, I’d highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good room at a good price.	
Mar 20 2005	We Made A Mistake	The room we had was small, with only one chair, so someone had to sit on bed. Breakfast was the worst we have ever had away for home. All together we made a bad choise of hotel. But it is situated in interesting area.	
Mar 1 2005 	Great Choice	This must be one of the best value for money hotels in New York. I was part of a group of 26 from Norway who stayed here for 5 days in Feb. 2005 and we were extremely satisfied with every aspect of the hotel. The rooms are a fair size for New York, newly renovated, the front desk staff were efficient, the concierge knowledgeable, the area safe and there is a plethora of varied ethnic restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. The nearest subway stop is 20 metres from the hotel entrance. All in all, great value for money.	
Feb 18 2005 	A real gem and it IS in SoHo	I have been twice now, once for pleasure once for business. The rooms are good-sized for NYC, the price cannot be beat, the staff is charming, and I like the room service breakfast (cheap too). It's three blocks to the heart of SoHo, so get over yourselves, whiners. Center Soho hotels cost 3X to 4X as much.The rooms and public areas were spotless, and I had a great view north to the Empire State Building. Being in Chinatown is a real hoot, and I found several new places to eat. Subway is just down the block, pleanty of cabs to hail, and its close to the Holland Tunnel too.It's not the St. Regis, but the value for the money is superb.	
Jan 28 2005	Soho? Not Exactly.	It's a bit deceptive: The hotel is not in Soho, but in the heart of Chinatown. I'm sure they call it Soho to draw more clientele, but it's false advertising, as well as a nuisance. For example, if unsuspecting clients get off the subway in Soho, they'll be in for a long hike!	
Jan 28 2005	Excellent	I stayed at the Holiday Inn downtown/soho for several nights in january.Staff were friendly and helpful. Check in is from 3pm, and having a speedy passage through customs etc meant i arrived early at midday, but I did not have to wait around for 3 hours- i was given my room straight away. Very useful after a long haul flight.Place is clean and tidy, and the concierge/security are friendly and helpful if you ever need some local knowledge or assistance, be it the nearest bar (check out puck fair about 3 blocks higher up on lafayette) or somewhere to eat.Room was an adequate size, and both the room and bathroom were both cleaned daily and to a high standard. The air con in the room was rather noisy, but a quick blast of it for a few minutes kept the room warm for ages.It could get a bit cold with the air con off- but with the wind chill outside being -20 degrees and it snowing, that was hardly surprising!There is so much to do in the city that you will probably not be spending much time in the hotel room anyway. Normal Tv (plus pay per view if you feel the need), a cd player, desk and a hair drier are all in the room too.It is right on the edge of chinatown, so if you need a shady rolex or a louis vitton handbag, or pretty much any replica designer item you care to mention, or even just a plain old 'I love NY' t-shirt this stuff is just steps away. Walk in the other direction and you end up in soho/little italy- with its abundance of small cafes, restaurants, bars and designer stores.Canal street subway station is about 20 seconds walk from the hotel entrance, as is broadway which you will have no problems hailing a cab on at any time.I found it to be an excellent location, and i did not feel unsafe at night in the area- certainly refreshing and a total contrast after living in london for some years. Its not far from midtown by either cab or subway, and if you go in the other direction, the financial district and across the east river to brooklyn are just as easy to get to. $10 is about what a cab will cost to get you up to central park- and that was during the day in traffic, the cost was less at night.I cannot comment on the restaurant or bar in the hotel- as i didnt make use of them, but they looked to be a decent standard.Check out is at midday- i had an 11pm flight, and the hotel will gladly look after your luggage for however long you need under lock and key- very useful, and this is a free service.For getting back to JFK/newark,which takes between 45mins/1hr, the hotel provides a decent luxury car service for a flat fee of $45 (the same flat fee it costs from JFK to manhattan). Simply book it a few hours in advance and it will be there waiting for you at your specified time. Saves the hassle of first hailing, and then paying the metered fair to the airport which is unpredictable!As a young(er) person, it was ideal- although i cant comment on it from a family or someone travelling with childrens perspective.Inexpensive (for new york), good location and good service- , it was a pleasant place to stay- certainly no complaints from me!Andy - Uk	
Jan 19 2005	Great location friendly staff and exceptional value for money	Just spent 7 nights in the Holiday Inn Downtown and would definitely choose it for a return trip to NY. At Eur 465 per person per week it was great value: the room was a good size, comfortable, clean and well-maintained, had a nice view, and the staff were very helpful and friendly. There's a subway station and a bus stop about 30 seconds' walk away and Chinatown and Little Italy are literally on the doorstep, with Soho and Tribeca a few minutes away on foot. The Financial District and Ground Zero are also within walking distance. 10-15 minutes on the subway or a little longer on the bus gets you to Midtown Manhattan. We (two women) felt completely safe walking around the area both day and night.The area has hundreds of restaurants - not just Chinese, but Vietnamese, Thai and Malaysian, and of course Italian - where you can eat very well very cheaply. Most of them don't take credit cards so bring enough cash if you plan to eat in the area every night. Soho and Tribeca have a huge selection of more upscale restaurants and bars, as well as great bakeries and coffee places. The shopping along Broadway just a couple of blocks away is excellent, with branches of most of the Midtown stores, a new Bloomingdales and lots of designer shops.Overall, couldn't recommend it more highly.	
Dec 15 2004	Good Base	Stayed here on our last trip to NY. It's nothing special but a good base too see the island. Plenty of places to eat in the area as is right between Little Italy and Chinatown. The hotel itself is very clean and the staff are all very helpful. The rooms are a little on the small size but this is the usuall for NY. If you are looking for somwhere to put your head down at night thats clean and safe this is the one. The area the hotel is in seems safe at night as we walked around it a few times and never experienced any problems.	
Dec 6 2004	decent but the Beekman Tower was better	First, I don't think this hotel should be listed as Downtown/Soho. I think this is rather deceptive since it is more in Chinatown than Soho. To get pretty much anywhere walking, you definitely have to go through part of Chinatown. The hotel is decent. The staff were extremely hospitable and helpful. The room was small. It was me, my sister and mom in a room with 2 double beds and even that seemed a little cramped. It is convenient to the subway. Actually the subway runs right underneath the hotel so if you are a light sleeper you are sure to hear it (my mom did). We visited the weekend of Nov 11, 2004 and think this must've been the beginning of the peak season because the room was $200/night and definitely not worth that much especially after having stayed at the Beekman Towers for about $50 less and feeling like we had a lot more room.	
Dec 3 2004	Cant wait to go back	Stayed in the hotel over thanksgiving - booked through a travel agent who &quot;forgot&quot; to send our reservation through. This was the busiest weekend of the year and the staff sorted everything out for us with no problem.Staff were friendly &amp; helpful, location was amazing.I will be back in New York and I will stay in the Holiday Inn Downtown again	
Nov 26 2004	Loved this hotel and staff	I've been to NYC many times and have stayed in many lower priced hotels and this one was great for the price. The room was spotless. The staff was overly friendly and helpful. When we called for extra pillows and towels, they arrived within minutes. We had to check out hours before our flight was leaving and they kept our luggage safe and secure and had a car waiting for us to take us to the airport (for a nominal fee). The location is excellent, close to shopping, Soho, Little Italy, and Greenwich village. All of these locations were within walking distance. I would definately stay here again! We loved it!	
Nov 19 2004	Great Location	The Holiday Inn is right in the heart of Chinatown and within walking distance of great restaurants and shopping. You do not have to travel to China to shop for Chinese souvenirs. The location is also two blocks from Little Italy. We ate at Angelos on Mulberry Street. The food was outstanding, although a little pricey. We visited many art galleries in Soho, all within 10 blocks of the hotel.The staff at the Holiday Inn were friendly and helpful. The only thing lacking is the size of the bathrooms [miniscule]. We had a &quot;suite&quot; which consisted of a large open room with a very comfortable sofa, a table and 4 chairs, and extra chairs for entertaining. Room Service was very quick in their delivery [within 20 minutes].We had trouble getting a cab in front of the hotel. We walked a block to Canal, and found cabs easily. The Canal Street station of the subway is on the corner of Canal and Lafayette, one block from the hotel.If this is the kind of weekend that you enjoy, I would recommend the Holiday Inn.	
Aug 25 2004	bad attitudes AND service	This was NOT my first trip to NYC, being from CT originally. This experience was dreadful. Our $65 hired car from the airport (sent from the hotel) was a no-show, then we were refused laundry service at 9:30am on a Monday morning (which was needed at 8pm for a Broadway show), with no eager efforts to help us, and AWFUL attitude and resentment from the assistant manager. I don't care how reasonably priced this hotel was, I would of gladly paid more money to be treated with a little respect and dignity and believed that for even a second the staff actually wanted to provide customer service and make their guest happy. The management and front desk were simply rude and inefficient. The rooms were clean and simple, but they were the only positive aspects. If you just need a place to lay your head and are not in need of ANY services...it will suit you fine...just don't spill anything on your shirt or expect a car....or for the management to smile,be kind, or care in the least bit if you should need them to provide you with a service.	
Aug 12 2004	Still recommending it to friends	For a weekend trip to NYC, this turned out to be a great hotel, especially for the price. Two friends and I booked a room with 2 beds for a weekend visit, and had a great experience. When we checked in, the desk clerk offered to upgrade us to a junior suite for the same price as a normal room with two beds. We ended up with a spacious suite with a king bed and a full size pull out sofa, which worked perfectly. The room was very clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel is steps from Little Italy, Chinatown, and Soho, so there is plenty to do, and we did not feel unsafe at all. We did not eat at the hotel- there are so many restaurants in the area, it just didn't seem to make sense. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone who wants opulence and indulgence, or who isn't used to urban hustle and bustle. I would recommend it for anyone who wants a standard hotel that happens to be in a great location, has friendly employees and clean, well-appointed rooms.	
Jul 31 2004	great summer dealgreat downtown locationgreat hotel!	whoever is complaining about this holiday inn must be on there first visit to new york.first of all you can't beat the price to stay in that area of the city.the hotel is super clean, great staff, and the food in their restaurant is very good.if you are looking to walk out the front door and be surrounded by trendy boutiques and cafes this place is not for you.you are one block from canal st. for fun bargain shopping,a couple blocks from little italy, a short walk to the village, and only 12 blocks to ground zero.the hotel is really in china town,even though they call it soho,but that was o.k. with me. there is a great starbucks about a block away on canal st.and the area is very safe at night......	
Jul 14 2004	Immaculate hotel friendly service	Our experiece at the Holiday Inn Soho was nothing but positive! Upon checking in we found they did not have a non-smoking room for us of the type we requested so the friendly desk agent gave us an upgraded room at no extra charge. The room was extra clean with comfortable beds. The room service was speedy and the food excellent. We did not eat in the restaurant. The neighborhood is true New York with everything from Starbucks to discounted jewelry and hand bags to subway stops just steps away. We were able to walk to the Wall St./Ground Zero part of Manhattan in about 15 minutes. A pleasant walk in good weather; an inexensive cab ride in bad. Everything else is accesible by subway. We will stay there again if we get the chance.	
Jul 1 2004	Great Location! Great Service	This place is awesome! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Ive stayed in new york four times this year and for the price, this has been the best. Ok, so its closer to china town, but its only a two block walk to soho. Also, Its Very close to little Italy. Three very touristy areas within a three minute walk. Cant beat that! I am planning another stay at this hotel very soon....	
Jun 25 2004	Friendly Staff--Comfortable Room	I was worried when I read the prior reviews, but I loved the Hotel. It was small, but clean and well decorated. The best part was the staff was so helpful. This was our first trip to New York and was concerned about finding our way around. They help us with directions, the subway, and even keeping our lugguge an extra day while we played. 	
Jun 9 2004 	Decent hotel in Chinatown/Soho -- no complaints.	My husband and I just returned from a business trip in NYC. Stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown/Soho 3 nights, which we found to be quite acceptable for NYC (where most hotel rooms, regardless of price, are small) and better than a typical Holiday Inn. No complaints, though I would agree with another reviewer that this hotel would more accurately be called the Holiday Inn Chinatown. It's located on the border of Chinatown and Soho, so is surrounded by the restaurants and lively street markets of Chinatown while also being just a few blocks from the charming outdoor cafes of Little Italy and eclectic arts/dining scene of Soho. The Canal St. subway station is just steps away.Travelers who enjoy (or at least don't mind) Chinatown -- or who generally enjoy the artsy/ethnic neighborhoods of Lower Manhattan (which is &quot;Downtown,&quot; in NYC parlance) -- this is a decent, affordable, and interesting lodging option in NYC. We had a king room. Small and a tight fit for 2 people, but this is standard in NYC, even at higher-end hotels like the Hilton (where we have also stayed). The room and bathroom were clean and well-kept. The bathroom was nicely renovated -- good counter space and unusually good plumbing.We did not try the hotel restaurant or bar. The hotel is surrounded by an abundance of multi-ethnic dining options. Even though we love Chinese food, we ended up eating most of our meals in various casual French restaurants/bistros close by. Endless choices for food lovers in this neighborhood. We found the hotel staff to be helpful. They arranged for a town car to take us to LaGuardia Airport for a flat rate of $30 (a great deal for a town car -- comparable to a cab fare in good traffic).The hotel's fitness center is the New York Health Club 2 blocks away.We had no complaints and would stay at this hotel again if we're looking for lodging in this part of Manhattan. 	
Jun 9 2004	Don't believe the Description	The literature, the web site, the photographs lead you to believe that this hotel is on the edge of a hip, desirable, art deco area - it is not. Its location is seedy, the walk from Canal street subway is past pretty dodgy stores and characters - the internal prices for breakfast and drinks high, and not good value for the $189 deal.Counter Staff very helpful.	
Mar 9 2004	No complaints!	Just returned from a shopping weekend with friends and we stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown for 3 nights. Our rooms were on the 10th floor and were clean and a good size, my only grumble would be the noisy fan/heater unit on the window. The hotel is excellently located on the edge of Chinatown with busy Canal Street and the subway around the corner. Soho is also a few blocks away. The hotel itself was clean and the staff were very friendly. We ordered room service breakfast more than once - the eggs were delicious! If you want to stay downtown in the heart of things I can recommend this hotel.	
Feb 10 2004	Very Pleasantly Surprised!		
Dec 18 2003	Title: Eccentric hotel in an eccentric neighborhood		
Oct 24 2003 	Clean Comfortable **Predictable**		
Sep 26 2003	There are better places		
Sep 23 2003	ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING!		
Aug 19 2003	A great New York experience		
Jun 13 2003	Should be called Holiday Inn- Chinatown		
Apr 5 2003	Holiday Inn OK		
Feb 12 2003	The Pleasure (or lack thereof) of a Third World Quality Customer Service in the Heart of New York		
Nov 18 2002	Comfortable Accomodations after whirlwhind shopping on Canal Street...		
Nov 18 2002	Life pur		
Sep 19 2009 	??????		
Jan 8 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Sep 30 2008 	Traumlage... Top Hotel		
Aug 28 2008 	Buon Hotel		
Jul 11 2008 	Un buon hotel!		
Nov 12 2007 	Très bon emplacement!		
