	Great location large but friendly	That rare thing - a large hotel with the personal touch. As we were registering in the imposing lobby, someone let slip that it was my birthday. Two hours later, wine, chocolates and a card arrived in my room. You can't buy that sort of PR. We'd arrived three hours ahead of check-in time, but were accommodated without fuss; there's no underestimating the value of such flexibility to a weary traveller. The concierges and travel/tour reps. were equally helpful. The hotel has a great location on 42nd Street, with many sights within comfortable walking distance. And if you're going farther afield in NY state, Grand Central Terminal is right there. The room was large and clean and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was surprisingly small (even to an English guest!), and my wife bemoaned the lack of a decently lit and magnifiable mirror for contact lenses, make-up etc. Also, there seemed to be just one place to eat in a hotel with around 1200 rooms. But these are small quibbles. Overall, terrific.	
	Nice Thanksgiving in New York	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for six nights during Thanksgiving week. Overall it was a nice hotel, with just a few minor glitches which in no way diminished a wonderful week in New York.Upon check-in, the front desk agent informed me I had been upgraded to a &quot;Lexington Suite&quot;. It was a nice big room overlooking Lexington Ave., and the Chrysler Building was right next to us. Beautiful view from room 1926! The bed was absolutely wonderful; comfortable and luxuriously soft. I normally have trouble falling asleep in a strange city (especially New York with all the horns honking 24/7), but no problem in this bed. There was a nice flat screen TV which swiveled so you could either turn it to face the bedroom or to face the TV area. Great touch. Other nice features were an in-room safe, an iron and an ironing board. The bathroom amenities were also unique and plentiful. The following are a few minor problems I noticed during my stay: The walls are thin (but aren't they all in hotels these days?). My next door neighbors (room 1925) were a bunch of loud guys who were banging around and yelling at all hours of the day &amp; night. To make matters worse, they were smoking up a storm in the room. The rooms are non-smoking and the smell permeated the hallway and sometimes even came into my room. Nasty. There was plenty of hot water but it takes FOREVER for it to come out [hot] of the faucet. I had to let the water run for several minutes before it came out hot. I guess it had to travel a long way. After a long day of sightseeing and walking, my back hurt, so I decided to take a &quot;sit down bath&quot; to relieve my aching muscles when I realized the tub stopper didn't close. I tried and tried but it didn't work. So I used a washcloth to plug the drain (but it didn't work very well!). I didn't bother reporting it to maintenance since I didn't plan on taking any more baths. Oh, and wireless internet is $9.95 for 24 hours. I used it and the connection was fast &amp; easy (T Mobile Hot Spot). Don't bother eating in the restaurants or using room service in this hotel. I cannot comment on the quality because once I saw the prices I stayed away. Nine dollars for coffee (for one person only)? Thirty-Four dollars for French Toast? Really, that is ridiculous, even for New York. And these were the restaurant prices, not the &quot;jacked-up&quot; prices for room service. Do yourself a favor and grab breakfast (or any meal) in Grand Central Station. It is right next door and you won't even have to go outside to access it. Just take the corridor on the lower lobby level and make a right. It will take you directly there. There's also a Starbucks in that corridor which is actually less expensive than the &quot;coffee cart&quot; in the lobby of the hotel. My favorite place was called &quot;Hot and Crusty&quot;. I was able to buy 2 large coffees, a bottle of OJ, a bottle of milk and a wonderful croissant for a total of 8 dollars and change. Honestly, I don't know who would ever pay those extravagant hotel prices. I am still in shock! Here's another money-saving tip: If you are coming from an airport, go online and book Super Shuttle. Yes, it is a shared van that makes several stops, but it is a lot less expensive (and easier) than a taxi. My ride from La Guardia was only $13.00 plus tip (16.49). I also used it to go back to the airport. You can save a few more bucks if you book it round trip.Overall a great hotel, just a little bit away from the major noise and crowds of Times Square. I would return, especially now that I know how to get around the pricey add-ons.	
	Very nice hotel	The location of this hotel is great if you are looking to do upper and midtown new york city, also easily connected to elsewhere via grand central station. Not the cheapest hotel to stay at but it is a very grand building. The staff are a credit to the hotel and are really helpful, polite and friendly. The rooms are adequate size and very quiet with a good view from all sides.I would however agree with a few of the other reveiws on here saying it is very business focused. The conference and business guests seem to get slightly preferential treatment whilst in house.	
	Fantastic location	The proximity to Grand Central Station and the Newark airport shuttle stop made this hotel a very convenient location. Front desk was busy, but I was helped quickly and checking in early wasn't an issue. Initially I was put in an extremely small room, but after noticing how much larger other rooms were, I called to request a change, which was denied. But after speaking with a different front desk agent in person, I was given a slightly more spacious room. Furnishings were above average and public areas seemed clean and well-maintained. Overall an excellent business choice for NYC.	
Nov 26 2009 	huge room clean quiet hotel and friendly staff	stayed for 4 nights recently. We were able to check in early which was great after a long flight! Our room was on the 26th floor and was extremely quiet, no noise from ajoining rooms. the room was clean and nicely decorated, and it was massive!!! Throughout our stay the staff we met were extremely helpful and friendly. It was close to Times Square and we were able to walk to all attractions.We enjoyed our stay and would use this hotel again.	
Nov 25 2009 	you get what you pay for here - worth it	I was very pleased with my recent four day stay. Requested and received a two double room at a great promo rate (less than 250 a night - at holiday season). They let me check in early (nice), check out late (really nice), gave me free breakfast (really, really nice - came with the promo), and were remarkably accommodating to our every need (GREAT concierge staff). Room was quiet (26th floor overlooking Grand Central Station) and location cannot be beat. The room was not brand new and showed some wear, and it would have been nice to have an in-room fridge, but overall comfortable, convenient and very classy. Well worth the bucks.	
Nov 23 2009 	ITS TRUE HOTEL IS MAINLY CONFERENCE WEDDING 	Great hotel but not really made to feel welcome, so busy you are lost in the crowd, weddings seem to take over the hotel, we were told not to use lifts until around 300 wedding guests had used them. Also business meeting sometimes makes you feel like a second class citizen, did not attempt room service as it was $9,00 for a cup of tea, I think I would try another hotel when I return to New York	
Nov 23 2009 	Lovely Hotel - perfect trip	Having read a few of the comments on this hotel I was slightly apprehensive as they seemed quite negative, however we need not of worried. We were greeted by very pleasant staff on the front desk and were made to feel very welcome. My mother and I stayed in the Hyatt for 3 nights and every one was without complaint. The room was lovely and bright. Cleaned to a very high standard and the view over GCT was brilliant. The added bonus of being able to check in on line for our return flights meant we could leave later for the airport and squeeze in abit more shopping. The hotel was really well situated for all we wanted to do - visit Central Park. Bloomingdales, Times Sq, Empire State Building, Rockerfella Centre and of course just shopping. On the Sunday Madison Ave was closed to traffic and a HUGE street market opened which was lovely. Bryant Park which is just along to the right of the hotel was a real hidden gem. We spent lots of time just sitting and watching the ice skaters and looking in all the little units that sold everything from christmas decorations to novelty soap. It was a great place chill and just get away from the hustle and bustle for a while. Also the toilets were beautiful and so well looked after by a lovely lady, who really takes pride in her job. She put Starbucks at the Empire State Building to shame, DON'T use the restrooms at this coffee house as they were the most disgusting I have EVER come across (a 2 foot high pile of USED toilet tissue on the floor under the baby changing unit) and the most worrying thing was that the staff used them too???We found the EuropaCafe on Madison Ave to be excellent for breakfast and lunches - Great value for money. And Mulldoons Irish Pub on Lexington served great meals in the evening.All in all a fantastic but very tiring trip, lovey hotel with great staff, and some brilliant memories.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice but noisy	Staying here for the week. The hotel is in an excellent location that's hard to beat. Got a great deal off the internet that couldn't be ignored. Had a great first night, until what sounds like a room of 8 drunken boys moved into the room next door that played rap music, cursed and shouted into the small hours of the morning, despite my plees for them to quieted. So don't get room 2971 if you want a quiet night!Rooms are immaculatley clean with everything you can need from a iron to a ipod dock. The TV is a bit oversized for the room, but some people like that. I hear people say that they find the bathrooms here to be too small, but it's not. I've seen smaller bedrooms. Lobby is amazing, I want a waterfall in my home. Not to keen on all the brown marble and precarious looking giant flower vases, but it gives the place some class. Food is so expensive here it's a experience to just read the price list to make sure it's not a mistake. Which is why, I can guess, that noisy rabble in the next room feel they have to go outside buy a buffet and then get most of the population of NY into their room for laugh, giggle and snort all night. It's all so cheap outside.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Location don't use the room service	Location is fantastic in between Grand Central and the Chrysler building, was lucky enough to get a conference rate which made it relatively cheap in new york terms but still in excess of $600 for 3 nights. Its a big place and tries hard but it is rather soul less, clearly designed for business travel.Didn't come across many of the staff as used auto check in and check out facility, lady selling the sightseeing bus tickets and theatre tickets was very helpful, concierge did his job but felt like he was doing me a big favour when asked to reconfirm shuttle booking back to airport. Room was large enough well presented and clean, bathroom was tiny but functional.Good fitness centre, used it each morning and wife and I always managed to get a running machine for 25mins at peak time.Don't be tempted to use the room service, sky high prices for mediocre food used by the corporate suits on expense accounts, probably bankers spending our tax dollars because they are too lazy to go next door to the wonderfull Grand Central Food Court and Lexington Passage Market (also in Grand Central). The only way these large chains will get the message on their overpriced room service menus is if we all stop using them, so come on suits, walk next door and sample Grand Central.Would stay again as it is a great location, walking distance to many of the key attractions (especially the theatre district)	
Nov 19 2009 	Amazing!	This hotel was amazing, (it features in the film definatley maybe with ryan reynolds!) it is so grand and right next to central station, so the hussel and bussel is definatley there! i loved the shop in grand central station that sold muffins, bagels etc. it was lovely and definatley reccommended for a breakfast on the go! The hotel staff were so friendly and helpful and the rooms were lovely! 	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good hotel in a great location	The Grand Hyatt Hotel is very well located in the heart of Manhattan and just by Grand Central Station. The check-in and check out process was painless. The hotel lobby is huge and just very grand! Our room was on the 18th floor. We didn't have a view but didn't care as we didn't spend much time in the room anyway. The room was of a very good size, the double bed was big and very comfy. The bathroom was clean with some toiletries provided. Can't fault this hotel and would happily stay there again. The room service is very expensive but with so many places around for food, you don't really need it. Oh, and by the concierge, there is a computer where you can do your online check-in and print your boarding passes for free, very useful!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location good Priceline price!	We stayed over a Friday and Saturday night in September. The location can't be beat--literally inside Grand Central Station. We had a quiet room that was well-decorated and comfortable for our stay. And we only paid $150/night (plus taxes and fees). Hotel valet parking is expensive but there is street parking available (on weekends at least) in residential areas within 5-7 blocks.	
Nov 16 2009 	Room was not not clean	Got a room that had dirty towel and washcloth on the floor of the bathroom. Bed was a bit rumpled also. Called houskeeping who kept promising that within th next 1/2 hr someone would be up to clean. 1/2 an hour turned into 2 hours with me calling them about 4 times. Seems I was begging them. My collegeage was checked in on the same floor so I did not want to relocate. Otherwise I would have gone back to reception and requested a room change.	
Nov 14 2009 	pretty good overall great location	Stayed here 4 nights and after some scathing reviews, was pleasantly surprised. Check in was fast, room was good. The refurb is tasteful and stylish. Bathrooms are small but there is enough space on the wall shelves to put things. Good location, connected to Grand Central and so close to Bryant Park. The walls are paper thin so you will hear nice. On two mornings the people next door had fairly loud music and lots of coughing and it was like they were in your room. To provide a kettle and some tea bags/coffee is so basic and happens all over the world, yet this is not the case here and to be honest seems cheap. I paid a fairly high rate for this hotel as a 'Grand' Hyatt but not even a tea bag. The worst part though was the strong smoky smell. To me this room was definitely a smoking room previously and this spoiled the experience totally.	
Nov 14 2009 	Ordinary Grand Hyatt in Extraordinary New York!!!	Stayed here for 6 days with my Mum and Dad. We had 3 people to a twin standard room. Mum and Dad left for their Canadian holiday after 3 days, so cabin fever wasn't a problem.Got a good rate ~US$180/night, by trawling through the hotel websites and finding a mismatch between them and the Hyatt website. Used the Hyatt Best Rate guarantee to get the rate down to US$180/night. Ridiculously cheap for NY. Was also considering the Marriott on Times Sq, but my Hyatt membership and potential points earning got this one over the line. Wanted a hotel that had some luxuries and was clean and comfortable, plus I was comfortable with the Hyatt brand.Check in was easy. Check out - there was a queue, but I tried the automatic machine checkout - it was easy to use. Room was small - expected in NY. View out the window was the Chrysler Building (very close). Had two double beds - not much room to move around with 3 people in the room. There was a flat screen tv, desk area with executive chair, small armchair. One small wardrobe behind the entry door. One good thing was the ability to open the windows - Mum's asthmatic and needs fresh air. Beds were comfortable. My Dad stepped on some glass shards (already in the room, not visible to eye) in the carpet. Had to ask housekeeping twice to attend. No in-room minibar - you had to go the corridor ice machine/drink dispenser. Hotel is very big - but didnt have to wait long for an elevator.Bathroom was small. It had a basin, toilet, shower over the bath with a shower curtain. Not much room to store toiletries. It was a little dark - could do with more lighting. Water was hot, pressure good. Toiletries were good.Didn't try any restaurants as I saw a small mouse running along the floor of the restaurant on the first night. I couldn't bring myself to eat in the hotel after this. There are many alternatives for food close to the hotel - delis, sandwich shop &quot;Pret&quot; etc or you could walk 5 min to Times Square for a meal. Hotel is right next the Grand Central Terminal (train station) - couldn't hear any train noise at all. Hotel location is a good base for walking/train to many NY attractions.All in all, room was good for the price, hotel is in a top spot. But I was expecting more from a Grand Hyatt branded product, particularly one in New York. Hotel and room were by far, not the same standard as Shanghai, Singapore or even Melbourne. It did look a little tired, and the rodent sighting worried me.	
Nov 12 2009 	Loved every minute of NY. Great Location	Great location, fantastic staff and awesome rooms. I loved this hotel so much and would definitely stay here again! The staff all over the hotel were amazing in particular the bar staff. They were so friendly and helpful and made staying there that much more enjoyable. The Grand Hyatt is perfectly located to see everything only a short walk to Central Park, an even shorter walk to awesome shopping in particualr H&amp;M which is just down the road and there are also really lovely restaurants nearby. I thought it was great value for money and would recommend it to anyone. New York is an awesome place and I am sure you will love it no matter where you stay however if you want a centrally located base which is great value for money then you really should stay here. I will stay here again for sure :). TIP: make sure you go to the Hotel Gansevoort roof top bar - it is amazing and the crab pizza is delicious!	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location and good value	You can't beat the location in midtown. The rooms were nicely remodeled. I was not a fan of the stall shower only room, however, the size of the bathroom was adequate and the furnishings of the room were nice. I was happy with the free coffee or water coupons received upon checkin given the lack of coffee making abilities in the room. The service was accomodating given my early morning check-in and the rooms were overall quite sound proofed. Given this was only 4 blocks from my conference, this was a great choice. Plus, the bus to Newark being a block away, was a breeze.	
Nov 11 2009 	great priceline hit!	I like to use Priceline for the best deals in NYC. Having stayed at the Grand Hyatt in the past, and knowing that Priceline customers do not get the &quot;prime&quot; rooms. For 150 dollars a night, we got a room with 2 doubles, clean and acceptable, Having experienced their far better rooms (at a much higher rate), This is a well located property that is getting a little worn around the edges..but bedding was great, and everything worked. Even though our room was opposite the elevators (remember this was a priceline win)..it was quiet. This is a good hotel in a fabulous location.	
Nov 5 2009 	Nice!	My husband and I decided to try Priceline in an attempt to find an affordable deal to NYC for the Halloween weekend. Not only were we successful in finding a deal, it was to the Grand Hyatt no less! The hotel was absolutely superb - very grand, true to it's name. I loved that it was situated over the station and that the central market was right beneath it. Our room was nice, well kept, well decorated. A glance at the breakfast menu is enough to make anybody's jaw drop to the ground, but the situation was remedied by a quick walk in any direction to a more afforable eatery. Although we try to be budget travellers, for the most part, this hotel has convinced us to simply book it from now on whenever we go to NYC. It's a comfortable, clean, well-located hotel, with a level of quiet and luxury that was pleasantly surprising.	
Nov 2 2009 	repeat visit on the cards......	Just returned from New York, stayed at the Grand Hyatt and what a great time we had.Arrived early evening on Monday 26th October and were greeted by friendly check in clerk. Even more delightful was the fact that we were upgraded to a King suite, on 18th floor, which was very spacious clean and comfortable. I agree with other reviewers that the location is superb and the Grand C terminal must be added to everyone's itinerary. The range of dining options underground is brilliant, given the fact that the hotel food is very expensive.Tip: shuttle bus to Newark airport located on 41st street (2min walk across the road) $15 per person .	
Nov 1 2009 	great location good hotel	This hotel is in a great location making it easy to get to times square etc ........,We travelled with our two children aged 10 and 12 and found the room to be of good size for all of us. The rooms were clean and looked ok. We didn't eat at the hotel as it was really expensive - especially the room service. Overall a good hotel in a great location.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice Hotel	I selected this hotel as part of a package trip to New York, through Thomas Cook. So I am not sure of the exact price I paid for the accomodation.It really is in a fantastic location, especially if you can work out the subway system.The hotel is situated between Grand Central station and the Chrysler building.The Empire State Building is a 10 minute walk around the corner.Time square is a 15 minute slow walk, plenty to see on the way though.I was in New York with my two daughters aged 16 and 21 and although initially worried about walking at night need not have worried as there are plenty of people around.The hotel room was a good size and the beds were very comfortable, on the 28th floor we were not disturbed by traffic noise.I agree with previous comments that the rooms are tired( but only in the yellowing of the paint work) and the bathroom is on the small size but both were clean enough, if you don't look too carefully in the corners and above door frames (grout could do with a little cleaning too.)The meals in the hotel are expensive but for breakfast we followed previous advice and went down into Central Station food court (you can either eat down there or take it back to your room.) There is not a kettle in the room and despite e-mailing the hotel before hand to ask if I should/could bring a travel kettle I did not recieve reply from them.However in the hotel lobby there was a drink station for use on a morning, the prices there were not too expensive.There is a booking desk in the reception area where you can buy tickets for the bus sight seeing tours. This was helpful as I did not like the idea of getting my credit card out on the street to buy tickets off the vendors.I would not buy theatre tickets from there though as you can buy them after 3pm for that nights performance, at a ticket booth in Time square for up to 50 % off. (Unfortunately we had already bought tickets for Shrek through Last minute before we went. It was a brilliant show but we could have got them cheaper if we had waited in the line at the ticket booth. )However, I think tickets for shows such as Wicked are more difficult to get hold of, so my advice would be to book up with Last minute a couple of weeks before you go to avoid disappointment.All the staff in the Hotel that we met were helpful and polite, having said that I didn't really have any contact with them apart from checking in and out.We had a late return flight and the hotel will mind your luggage for $2 per case after you check out at 11AM, this is also helpful.I would stay at the Grand Hyatt again but I would take my travel kettle and teabags with me next time.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent location mediocre hotel	I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt where I attended a conference. I've stayed at several Hyatts worldwide, and this was the first to disappoint.On the positive side, the location of the hotel is hard to beat. I appreciated the easy access to the subway, many major attractions, and the excellent food court at Grand Central station. The bed was extremely comfortable with a great mattress and excellent quality linens.Generally, I found the hotel shabby for a Hyatt. The public areas were dark, my room was long overdue for an update, and the bathroom was dingy. Most of my experiences with the staff were positive, but it took me over a day of chasing down house keeping and front desk staff to finally get a non-functioning safe in my room replaced.Usually, I'm willing to pay a premium for a Hyatt hotel because I'm confident I'm getting a quality product. This hotel did not meet my expectations for this brand, and I've stayed at much less expensive hotels in Manhattan that far exceed the standards of this hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt week of Oct. 12, 2009. Beautiful Hotel, friendly staff, comfortable beds, excellent location. The location made our trip so much easier to getaround and see the sights. Loved that Grand Central Terminal is connected and thatwe could go to the food court anytime to get reasonably priced meals, try Junior'srestaurant to get great cheesecake and sandwiches. Would stay at the Grand Hyattagain.	
Oct 18 2009 	valentine	This hotel was beautiful. Most of the staff were very helpful. It is right beside Grand C Station. My only compliant is that the bar staff are not so nice and we had to wait 20- 40 min to be served even when the bar had very few people? this would never happen and has not happened to us any where else in the world? We were told that when u order u have to wait till lounge person carried ur drink to u? wierd/	
Oct 17 2009 	I liked it	Stayed here in June 2008. We had a very large double room with a walk-in closet. The space was really appreciated because of all the shopping we did. Bathroom was kind of small but it did not bother because it was nice and clean anyway and that is more important to me. Location was great also as always in midtown NYC. We had a great deal from Priceline.	
Oct 17 2009 	Superb location Should be Hyatt Flagship hotel...	I stayed there for 4 nights on Hyatt Points. The best of this hotel is its central location, just at Grand central Station. The lobby is massive and impressive but everything is a bit outdated. The hotel needs a massive renovation and could and should be Hyatt Flagship Hotel. We stayed in Long Island a few days later and our Hyatt Regency was much better!The room are OK, Small bathroom but as always with hyatt, the bed was good. As a Diamond member i had access to Grand club where I could get free breakfast, snacks and a dedicated concierge : This was excellent. Overrall if you get a good rate it is a very good and comfortable place to stay in NYC as you are not likely to stay a lot in your room !The room was okay, Bathroom very small	
Oct 17 2009 	Good location - shame about the let downs	The Grand Hayatt is in a great location. The public areas are impressive (if you like fountains in the lobby). The staff were mixed. Ulysses in the bar was excellent. Simone as the breafast greeter was rude and surly. The rooms were very dark. It was as though they either did not have enough bulbs or were using very low energy ones. The food was expensive. There were no tea/coffe making facilities in the rooms so you either had to order room service at $9 or wait for the coffe eshop to open in the lobby at 6am (as this closed somewhere between 2pm and 4pm it was not much help after a day walking the city either).The hotel seemed geared up for Corporate business with fat expense accounts paying. We would not choose to go there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Average hotel perfect location poor value	I stayed 5 nights at this hotel in conjunction with attending a conference in NYC, and I was somewhat disappointed with the value. The price was around 320 USD per night, and especially the room standard did not live up to this price. The room was small, dark, and the bathroom in a disappointing standard. The guest rooms could definately need som refurbishment. When asked whether I had had a nice stay on checkout I stated that I had been somewhat disappointed, and without hesitation the woman at the fronk desk without hesitation credited me some extra points on my freqent guest account, which I found was a good gesture. It was not all bad though, staff was overall very friendly and helpful, especially at the concierge desk, where everyone we spoke to seemed to have enourmous amounts of information to share with guests. Furthermore, don't get me wrong - the hotel is still quite ok, it just seems more like an average 3* hotel rather than how I would normally regard hotels under the Hyatt brand, and then the price is not in line with the standard.What is definately the best thing about this hotel is its location. A few blocks from 5th avenue and shopping everywhere around, this hotel is the perfect location for visitors to NYC. Actually, just the location might be enough for me to stay here the next time i go to NYC, especially if the hotel would rent out rooms for just slightly cheaper prices.	
Oct 13 2009 	A bit over priced but well worth it!!	We stayed here for 3 nights in June. We had a fab time and I thought all the staff were helpful, polite and could not do anything more for us. The bell men at the front door are excellent and had no problem hailing any cabs. the location was super you could not fault it. Every thing is just on it's door step and although it is an expensive hotel, it was worth it for a treat!	
Oct 13 2009 	Not entirely a Grand Hyatt...maybe a moderately OK one.	One of the most amazing things about a regal NYC hotel is its lobby - and admittedly the Grand Hyatt has a beautiful and ornate lobby. However, all of the polish and glamour soon wore off when we experienced the front lobby staff.As we were unable to use the kiosks, we had to make way to the front desk to be assisted by a human being. What we received was a flash of hatred only experienced as an American youth traveling to Communist USSR in the early 1980s. Instead of assisting us, the front desk agent went back to her keyboard, clacking away while her knitted eyebrows told us that we were almost to the point of death should we bother her with our measly request of checking in to our hotel room.About five minutes later, a second front desk staff member arrived, reassuring us that this was indeed the front desk, and this is where we check in. We were given our room assignment, confirmed my Hyatt Gold Passport Platinum status, and directed to the elevators. Soon, we were on our way to room 1971.As part of Hyatt Gold Passport Platinum status, I'm supposed to get the best room available within the category booked. To all my fellow travelers, I sincerely apologize. Based on the state of my room, I would surely suggest that your rooms were scarier. Room 1971 featured a lovely cracked closet door, mold (not crown mold) around the door of the bathroom, and a toilet wedged between the shower and sink that required the strength and acrobatic skills of Cirque Du Soleil to use. Additionally, for all of those that dislike adjoining rooms - you had not one, but TWO adjoining rooms - one on each side of the room. Nonetheless, the King-sized bed was comfortable, and the desk area along side the TV was useful to complete work on my partner's laptop. The room also had a functional A/C and Heater, and the noise levels (as you faced 42nd Street) were almost inaudible once the window was closed.Our further interactions with the hotel staff were just as cordial as our knitted brow friend, showing us that customer service is indeed on life support at this hotel. When we called to inquire about the correct method to use to obtain free internet, the response was &quot;If you're Platinum, you should know.&quot; Yes, because all hotels are the same. As a FYI, When you access the T-Mobile hotspot, and enter your room number, it apparently is automatically removed from your room charges. Bell staff were courteous, and unlike many other NYC hotels, did not tout their friend's town cars or expect tips for helping with bags or hailing cabs. While tips were appreciated, there genuinely seemed to be some helpful staff outside of the hotel. Directions and help with getting our navigation straight was truly appreciated. This, honestly, was the saving grace of service at the hotel - otherwise it would have been a terrible experience.With hotels fighting each other to keep in business in this economy, abusive service and rooms with cleanliness issues do not win repeat customers. Would it cost that much more to have someone fix a crack, kill some mold, and coach your front desk people to smile? The Hyatt Grand Central NYC has not won a repeat customer here.	
Oct 9 2009 	Unclean slow service not worth the price	While I was excited to be staying in such a great location, I was not impressed by the hotel. Many areas of the hotel were not clean, including the room, and service was exceptionally slow. On more than one occasion it took HOURS for them to deliver the extra towels we had requested for our room. I would not recommend this hotel, especially for the price.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very nice hotel in the center of mid-town NYC	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt at Grand Central Station for a wedding in July 2009. The hotel is beautiful and is nicely located. We were fortunate to book the hotel early and saved about $100 per night. The rooms were a nice size, although we had to change rooms after the first night because they initially put us in a room right over 42nd Street, which was extremely noisy all night. The second room was very large and quiet, with a nice bathroom and walk-in closet. The beds were comfortable, with good pillows, which is always important! The only thing I need to mention is that if you're hoping for a cozy, quaint hotel in the city, this is not the place for you. There were massive numbers of people going in and out of this hotel. The hotel is very large and can accommodate an extensive number of guests. We did not have any problem with noise from within the hotel though. Overall, we had a very good experience at the Grand Hyatt.	
Oct 8 2009	Average Hotel... great location	The lobby was beautiful and extravagent but the rooms were fairly small and ordinary. We arrived 30 minutes early and were not allowed to check in early. Also, there is no coffee in the rooms. If you want a great location though this is the place to stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt NY in May for the girls trip, booked this hotel through priceline and enjoyed our stay, we had two double beds and I thought they could be slighly larger. I believe we had just two full beds. The rooms are rather small, but super clean and nicely decorated. When you're in NY there is no reason to spend time in the rooms anyway. The lobby ws gorgeous. Pretty busy area, so if you are coming to relax the place is NOT for you. For those seeking busy NYC experience - this is the place to be!! Located right at the Grand Central Station, walking distance to many great touristy attractions.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great for business in perfect location	We needed a place near Grand Central. Priceline got us there for $195/night and the quoted price at the hotel was over $550. Midtown - East for business, this was perfect.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Ideal Location Spotlessly Clean Large room	Next door to grand central station across street from Chrysler building perfect location. Walk north up 5th ave takes you to Central Park or walk south down 5th ave takes you to Stattan Island Ferry port you could not be more central. Hotel was great lovely big room, 2 queen beds, 32&quot; plasma, bathroom big enough with bath, spotlessly clean maids in everyday, quiet room not ajoining overlooking chrysler building, although buildings are really close together. Room Number 24-24. Good street market just outside hotel on a Sunday. Hotel Expensive for coffee and food but plenty diners and starbucks around grand central station. Advise getting Hop on Hop off Double decker guided tour bus, we got the $86 for 3 days includes ferry ride to Liberty Island and Empire State building (or) Top of the rock observatory. Observatories open at 8am go early to avoid queues. They are both great views but make sure it's a clear day when you go up? There are other tours available if you don't have 3 days. Its Impossible to walk it all. Century 21 or Loehmann's for designer shopping at half the price. Expensive for taxi,s from airports they wanted $70 from Newark international 20 miles away so we used public transport. I went onto New Jersey Transit (trip planner) website put Itinery in and they found the quickest way and cheapest $11.25 pp 20 minutes on train and two subway stops could'nt have been any easier. Hope you have a brilliant time we did it's a magical city and we felt very safe police on every corner.	
Oct 5 2009 	Service doesn't live up to their stars	At check-in, we were assigned a room with a queen-size bed, and the clerk told me they couldn't change it to a room with 2 doubles because I'd booked with &quot;a 3rd party&quot; (I used Priceline). Seriously? They only make changes for people who book directly with them and don't use a travel agent or a travel website? I wasn't even asking for a more expensive room or a free breakfast -- just a room with 2 beds so we could sleep more comfortably with our 2 small children. I suppose this is a warning to me not to use Priceline if you're traveling with kids, but also, I would have thought better of a 4-star hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Location!	Is there a better location than Grand Central NYC? No!Hotel lobby was impressive and room was huge. Bed was super comfy (great for jet lag).Really enjoyed my stay here!	
Oct 2 2009 	disappointing	stayed at the grand hyatt in september with my husband and daughter who was celebrating her 21st whilst we were there. We booked one room for all of us but was very dissapointed with the size of the room for the price we had paid. It would have been quite small for just the 2 of us but with 3 it was horrendous. There was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room - i have stayed all over europe and this is the first hotel without this facility. it was a room for 3 but everything was geared for 2 people ie 2 glasses and hardly any shampoo, soap etc. We mentioned to the hotel on booking it was our daughters 21st you would have thought the hotel could have made an effort and maybe could have put an extra glass in the room !!!!! The only plus for this hotel is the location .	
Sep 30 2009 	It's simply not clean. Great location...dismal service. Unclean hotel that could be much better	Arrived on Friday afternoon for a medical conference. Our rate, for four people in a room (two teens and two adults) was $499/nt. Astronomical rate and they would not budge from it. Since this hotel was where the seminar was held, we really didn't have a choice. We will never again attend a conference at this hotel.Check in was smooth. We were ushered to room 1602. Directly across from the bank of elevators. As it turned out, the room was huge and the elevator noise was not a serious problem.The room itself was in poor condition. On the bedskirt on the bed nearest to the door there was a huge liquid stain of some sort. Disgusting. Every single lampshade had holes and was bent crooked like a brawl had taken place at some point.The carpeting was ancient. Ancient to the point of pulling away from the walls and cobwebs and dust and food had settled into the cracks. I was VERY happy I had brought my slippers. This is the kind of hotel that makes you cringe everytime you look into a nook or cranny. Behind the tv set? Thick with dust and crumbs.Most unfortunate was the fact that this room was connected to other rooms on both sides by reed-thin doors. Forget about getting a decent night's sleep if you have a neighbor who likes to watch television. We were kept up until 3am on a Saturday night by our neighbor's television.The Grand Hyatt touts their E-Concierge service. They have a link to it on their website. However, I sent two different requests to their E-Concierge before we arrived and both requests were completely ignored. The first request was for dinner reservations. Ignored. The second request was for extra towels in our room....an option that their E-Concierge offers. That request was also ignored. We had to phone housekeeping for the extra towels. Every single day. We were promised a coffee machine and a fridge in our room. We had to phone housekeeping for those as well. The maid refused to stock the coffee maker with coffee and cups after the first day.  Forget about getting any glasses in the room. We were drinking out of our hands from the bathroom tap while brushing our teeth.If you would like 2 wine glasses delivered to your room the charge is $6.We knew in advance, thanks to TripAdvisor, that the room service charges were astronomical, so we stocked up on juices and water and bagels from the shops down at Grand Central Terminal. One morning, we did order breakfast. One ham and cheese omelette was $24, with no toast and no juice or coffee. The omelette was dry as dust and cold. $24 for an omelette. Astounding. One small box of Fruit Loops was $10 with no toast and no juice. 6 mini pancakes from the kids menu was perhaps the best value. I would strongly advise people to order from the kids menu to avoid being absolutely gouged by the laughable prices. And make sure to order a pitcher of ice water. It's about the only thing that is free in the hotel.All of these complaints aside, the thing that really bothered me the most was the filthy condition of the glass in the lobby. There are several revolving glass doors and a couple of regular glass doors and every single one of them is literally covered in slime. No matter what time of day or night, the lobby was thick with the finger goo and faceprints and palmprints of the hundreds of people who go in and out all day and all night. It's absolutely disgusting. One employee, armed with a bottle of Windex and some paper towels could solve this problem by cleaning the doors once an hour. But this hotel doesn't seem to care about germs or cleanliness.Try it for yourself and you will see that this is a hotel that simply does not care. If you want to get gouged....stay here.	
Sep 30 2009 	Brilliant hotel/location - would use again.	I can't think of a better location for a New York hotel. Within easy walking distance of Times Square and most of mid town. Hotel adjoins Grand Central terminal so just about everywhere is accessible via the underground train system - and at a reasonable price. We were right next door to the Chrysler building too - beautiful! We didn't eat at the hotel though - bit pricey. However, plenty of choice nearby - 2 decent Irish bars/restaurants nearby; Annie O'Briens &amp; Patrick Conways - good food and atmosphere. New York is amazing - can't wait to go again!	
Sep 30 2009 	Grand Hyatt perfect location 	Entrance on 42nd street, right next to Grand Central Station was the perfect location to get around the sites. Most within easy walking distance. Very grand, opulent reception area (so large that 1 night part of it was cordoned off for a wedding reception!!). Rooms good size for mum (60) &amp; I (38). We took our full allowance of 2 cases each and large hand luggage &amp; still had plenty room to spare. We were opposite the Chryslar Building too which was an added bonus.Hotel kindly provided us with complimentary breakfast tokens for each day of our stay. (This saved us around $350-$400).Very busy bar too! :)	
Sep 29 2009 	Location location location	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in early August. The main reason I chose this hotel was its amazing location. Times Sq, Broadway, that is the beating heart of the City that never sleeps, is within walking distance. Gran Central Station is connected to the hotel via a passage , so you don't even need to leave the premises to get to the train station. Our room on the 25th floor was quite big, clean and quiet and we were given a fridge as soon as we asked for one. The bathroom was ok, but i would have expected a more state.of.the.art shower. I was disappointed at the non availability of shower caps. I had to get one from the Duane Reade in front of the hotel. BTW, There are a couple of Duane Reade stores nearby, one staying open 24/7! WE didn't go for the breakfast option considering there are plenty of places to choose from nearby. I appreciated the Starbucks stall in the Hotel lobby, even if it was pricey ( one tall hot milk cost $4, while in any other Starbucks outside it was one $ less)We did not take advantage of the fitness centre located on the top floor. there is a PC with a fax service and a printer in the main lobby, which proved to be very useful. Checking in and out was quick and the staff were very helpful, but you have to pay for left luggage.i absolutely loved the magnificent lobby with it's awesome fountain and the sight of the Crysler building at night reflected in the hotel's facade.	
Sep 28 2009 	I couldn't have asked for more.	I spent one night here to have a medical procedure done for which I needed to be in Manhattan early. (I am a New Yorker who now lives in the suburbs).First off - I got an amazing price on Priceline - under 120 a night (which is unheard of in manhattan, much less for a 4 star hotel). Checkin was fast, helped along by many self-check-in machines, and somewhat surprising given that we checked in exactly at check-in time, and the place is huge. We went to the counter though because we needed to request a refrigerator and a late checkout. Both were done without a problem, and without additional charge. I've stayed in other hotels where the 'Priceline rate rooms' were less pleasant than other rooms, not so here.. our room was very clean, comfortable and well-maintained, and while small by the standards of other cities, it was a perfectly good size for midtown Manhattan. Plus it was far from both the elevator and vending machines, and on a highish floor.Throughout our, (admittedly brief) stay, the staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating, and nearly everything was just right.The gym is amazing for a hotel gym. The equipment is new, or at least well maintained, and there is a lot of it. There is a hot and cold filtered water machine in the gym, and they have both dry towels and cold/damp towels for after your workout. I have access to three other gyms in my day to day life and none is as nice as this one.I wouldn't have minded in-room coffee (a luxury i've grown used to), but in the middle of NYC you can walk 6 seconds in any direction and find someplace to get coffee so that wasn't such a big problem. And the doors slam kind of loudly (which isn't great if you are a light sleeper), but aside from those two things - I was completely satisfied.	
Sep 25 2009 	excellent	the hotel' location is excellent. it is also reasonably priced if you look for a good deal (two of us ended up paying $70 each for the night !) and the staff was very kind. highly recommended.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good Location - Good Hotel for NYC low standards	If you want to be really midtown Manhattan, this hotel is perfect. Just 8 min from Times Sq., 3 min from Fifth and Bryant, very close to some main subway stations.The hotel itself is quite good for Manhattan generally low standards. It's not the newest hotel in town, it shows its age, but it is well tended. We booked on their website a standard double queen room and got a very good deal because we booked a 4 nights offer. At check-in we asked for a higher floor room and we were given a thirtieth one facing the main street (42nd). The room was ok, it seemed clean and comfy but even if smoking is forbidden, it smelled terribly of cigarettes and so we complained about that. They were really sorry and upset about it and immediately upgraded us to a little suite. Nice customer care. Internet is not free in the rooms but in the lobby they have a free PC workstation dedicated to flights check-in and boarding pass printing. I'd recommend.	
Sep 20 2009 	I was bit by bed bugs!	Overall, this is a fantastic hotel from rooms to location. BUT, I received bed bug bites on my back when I was there in August for 3 nights stay. I was in a room on the 29th floor and woke up in the morning with over 10 bites on my back. I know this is a risk of travel and NY has had some problems with this this summer. I am hoping the hotel had this issue resolved because it really is a beautiful hotel and very nicely appointed rooms other than bug issue.	
Sep 17 2009 	Gone way downhill in one year	This wasn't such a bad place in 2008. I don't think they've cleaned it since then, however. They certainly haven't done any maintenance. The first room I checked into smelled horrible - smoke and who knows what else. To their credit, they did move me to another room, on another &quot;non-smoking floor.&quot; Getting off the elevator on this new floor (26th), I was hit by a wave of smoke. My room didn't have the odor, thankfully, but it did have a disgusting carpet, with an even more disgusting black mold stain right next to the TV stand. Nice. I think I'll look elsewhere next time. Hyatt is clearly trying to ride out the recession by milking its properties for all their worth, which doesn't seem to be much in my opinion.	
Sep 17 2009 	Awesome!	Stayed in the Hyatt for five nights in July. The hotel is right beside the Grand Station which has an excellent selection of grocery and good for ATM access. We had a room facing the inside of the hotel so didn't suffer the noise others have described and found the room to be of a good standard. The room was modern and bright . The lobbies are n large expanses water fonts. Staff were excellent and extremely helpful.	
Sep 16 2009 	Not so Grand Hyatt NY	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt NY for 2 weeks and expected our stay to be well above average seeing as it is part of the Hyatt chains. We were wrong! Our room was on the 18th floor and we had a view of a high rise, which was to be expected as it is New York City after all and there are high rise building everywhere ;) The windows of the rooms are mirrored so the opposite people in the buildings could not see into our room. This was the least of our problems believe me...The first thing we noticed was mould growing in a corner of the ceiling near the aircon/heating system and also the paint had started to peel away I guess due to the moisture here. We were going to asked to be moved however I wasn't sure that they had other rooms as most if the US Open Tennis players were also staying there too.We also noticed no mini-fridge or minibar. We rang the front desk only to be told that this did not come standard and that you had to request for one to be sent to the room at a charge! I was certain that I read on their site that minibar/mini fridge was included in the room to which the staff member told me she'd send one complimentary.We also had to request bathrobes and slippers (not so much of a hassle, it was just weird that this was also not already in the room considering that this was stated on their site).Amongst other things our room wasn't clean properly everyday, the walls were thin and we could hear people snoring in the next rooms and people walking down the hallways. The staff were not that helpful (but we also found this throughout Midtown...we would always get blank stares, ignored or replies such as &quot;I don't know&quot; or &quot;that's not my job&quot;!) which was also a huge disappointment when you asked them for something. Everyone passed the buck and unfortunately we had to endure this for 2 week!!! Another thing was the draining system. The drain in the bathtub would clog and your feet would be in a pool of dirty water while you showered until about half way during your shower where most of it would drain away. And at times the toilet would also not flush properly too!! My suggestion to you is to stay somewhere downtown or away from the centre of Manhattan. We received excellent service from retail and food industry as soon as we left Midtown (such as in Greenwich Village, SoHo and also in Brooklyn). Yes staying Midtown was handy to get to Uptown and Downtown with ease, but the NYC Subway and bus systems are so good and so fast that it shouldn't take you long to get from one end of NYC to the other (PS- Subway MTA MetroCards are the way to go. We got a 7 Day unlimited pass for USD$27 and it was gold. You can use it on buses and subway trains all day. Make sure it's not the 7 Day MetroCard USD$20 as this is not unlimited, and made of thin paper card. It just has USD$20 worth of credit and you have 7 days to use it in. What you want is the $27 UNLIMITED MetroCard which is made of thin plastic.)Sorry to get off track...this Hyatt did not live up to it's reputation of silver service. In general our room left a bad taste in our mouths and also in our noses! We have paid less at other Hyatts and received a much better service! So no excuses Grand Hyatt NY, will not be returning there ever again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent location 	Great location just next to Grand Central Station (internal passage connects the hotel to the station). Very large rooms, nice decor, cleanliness could be better. I've stayed in this hotel 3 more times in the last 2 years. Size of the bathrooms and even rooms vary greatly in the same category. Go for the cheapest room, you may end up in a large one for the same price. Service is fast and effective, but they charge you for everything (even storing your luggage once you check out and want to leave later).	
Sep 14 2009 	This is not a Hyatt	I am a Diamond Member of the Hyatt and this was the worst one I have ever stayed in. Even the Members Club where we receive free breakfast, drinks, etc. was appalling - it was like the entire hotel was invited inside. The entrance of the building is so dark and old, it really needs to be bulldozed down and redone. The rooms are decent but it's obvious they are completely out of date with additions such as flat screen, new fresh linens etc in attempt to spruce things up. I had heard that NY City hotels were a joke, and this one sure lived up to that. It was a major bummer to me that the Hyatt in Adelaide Australia (pop 1mln) was significantly nicer than the Hyatt in NY......blech.	
Sep 14 2009 	Staying at the Grand Hyatt for our anniversary weekend proved to be money very well spent.	Exceptional service by all staff (especially front desk and concierge) and a clean, spacious and comfortable room really helped make our weekend in New York a very enjoyable experience. Upon hearing it was our 35 th anniversary, a bottle of wine and strawberries materialized in our room and breakfast vouchers were offered for the next morning. Robes and slippers are always a welcome touch and the staff at the concierge desk were particularly helpful. Location could not be better in terms of airport shuttle, access to tours and Grand Central Station. While too expensive for a simple getaway weekend, a hotel we would visit again for a special occasion.	
Sep 9 2009 	Incredible location and friendly staff	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for four nights during the U.S. Open. I was pleased with this hotel. The location is incredible  attached to Grand Central Terminal. My first night was spent in a small room with just a double bed. For the next three nights, I moved to a huge room (2427) with a king bed and lots of space and a large shower. Nice dcor. The staff was friendly, the ballroom had just been renovated, and they showed tennis on TVs in the lobby. Perfect! I also liked the handy computer in the lobby designed just for printing boarding passes.	
Sep 9 2009 	No Service	I have the Hyatt Gold Passport and generally speaking I'm quite satisfied but I will never return to this Hotel...I booked two rooms for 4 days this hotel four months in advance asking to get those at the same floor, when we arrived they proposed two rooms but at different floors, finally after a long discussion they provide us two rooms (one was King when we asked for our two teens a two Queens). Before NY we were at the Hyatt Regency in Los Angeles where we spend a great time and we had a very good service even if the Hotel was expensive, we knew it .After a good night, reception called us and asked us to move to two other rooms at an other floor to due some issues with the water, they mentionned that they will manage our luggage if we packed before leaving, in compensation they gave us breakfast coupons for the duration of our stay. The inconvenient is that you have to spend at least 1 hour to get your breakfast....When we return on the evening they gave us two rooms but at different floors, we refused and asked for two rooms at the same floor after two hours discussions they finally found two rooms for us but they didn't find our luggages, it took them (I'm saying them because we were obliged to ask several receptionnist before getting some attention) two hours to find it...We had no glass in the bathroom, six hangers, no slippers...for a 5* Hotel, it's amaizing...This is a business hotel, everything is charged...For our departure we have been obliged to pay 2$ per items for the hotel to keep our luggages.Under the &quot;concierge&quot; recommendation, we aked the bell man for a taxi to go to the Newark Airport but it seems that it was too complicate for him and he said that the best way is to take the Hotelcar,it will be the same price around $85 plus tax but when we arrived at the Airport the driver asked for 120$.... an advise don't trust the Hyatt employees for them you are just a banker and you should pay...Other than that the Hotel is well situated...	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Hotel Great location	My wife and I stayed here for a special birthday recently. Check in was a breeze at the automated KIOSK, no waiting! Staff courteous and competent. Bell staff was good until right at checkout, we did end up loading our own car. Good overall experience.	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic Trip	I travelled with my aunt and mother to New York for a short shopping trip in May '07. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Hotel which was a little pricey but excellent overall. The room was average size (not big enough for 3 though - we did ask for a larger room but for some strange reason the next room was even smaller, so we stuck with the 1st room) but was tastefully decorated and very clean. Our room was cleaned everyday with plenty fresh towels replaced daily. The hotel itself is situated next door the Grand Central Station which is the ideal location as the links are fantastic. The only thing i could say is that i felt the restaurant was over priced but there are plenty of restaurants/deli's in the surrounding area. We are heading to New York/Grand Hyatt again this coming November '09 for Thanksgiving and of course the fabulous shopping sales!! ...cant wait!	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice hotel but too expensive to eat or drink there	Booked 3 months in advanced (requested quite room with 2 double beds and view). *Subway at doorstep was one of the main reasons for booking hotel.*Hotel lobby opulent with plants and large water feature. *Checkin was quick and easy - this was due to arriving late - 7.30pm*Staff were nice and friendly *Although room very clean and reasonable size, we had the smallest room in hotel, it was quite with 2 double beds and view of another room. Bathroom was reasonable size with combined bath/shower *TV kept losing reception, reported twice and still NOT fixed. *Due to works, which would affect our room, management suggested that we be moved and offered similar room. I requested an upgrade and we were moved to a suite. *Suite consisted of bedroom, lounge, study/dining room and two very small bathrooms but was near elevators (noisy - could clearly hear all conversations and the 'bing' when elevator opened on the floor, which was often).*No coffee/tea facilities in room, nor was there a fridge - could have one @ a cost of $25/day.*Could not afford to eat or drink at hotel with room service too expensive ($9 for coffee and coffee/toast/egg $25) and the one restaurant which was opened was over priced.*Tried coffee at the cafe which was $3.00 and passable.*We were saved by the Grand Central Dining Concourse which provided a fantastic selection of reasonably priced food and wine.*Due to works by Transport Authority we kept losing hot water and on one occasion and without notice it was during peak time ie 5.30pm to 10.30pm Friday night*Checkout very lengthy (took at least 20mins)*If you need to do business with front desk (like a simple matter of exchanging currency)you need to line up with checkin/checkout people - this could be a very lenghty procedure, so make sure you pick your time.*Using internet in Business Center costs $5 for 10mins!!!I probably would not recommend hotel as there are too many negatives	
Aug 31 2009 	Need to upgrade the "Grand" franchise	First the good bits, location is as good as it gets for business in Mid Manhattan, the breakfast is good, and overlooking 42nd street is a good place to eat it!... erm sorry no more good bits.Got there at 1 oclock after long flight, what seemed like an even longer immigration line and protracted taxi ride with a sullen driver (who needs to learn some manners if hes looking to get a tip from me btw) only to be told that the check in time was 3 oclock and that I would have to wait! ...not classy service as far as Im concerned. And when the room did become available it was hardly worth the wait, it was small dark and in need of maintenance... theres lots more, no restaurant in the evening, bar like a 70s gentlemans club, lobby reminiscent of an airport lounge etc... etc ...etc.It isnt by accident that this hotel has such a poor rating on this site and that the good ratings that they do get are in the main from people whove managed to blag a $99 deal off priceline, If Id paid $99 this review might be a bit different! But when youre paying $350 + for a 5* hotel...this just doesnt cut it!!	
Aug 28 2009 	No hot water	Yikes - no hot water. Guests upon check-in receive a letter saying there is not hot water due to a problem at the adjacent Grand Central Station. Letter does not indicate when the problem will be resolved. I checked in at 3 pm. Still no hot water now at 11 pm.	
Aug 28 2009 	Bed Bugs	Two friends and I took a girls trip to NYC and stayed at the Grand Hyatt. Me and one friend shared the same bed all four nights and both of us came home bitten by bed bugs. I received a medical diagnosis and have pictures of the bites. The first day home my friend called the front desk manager to tell him of the situation. He was non-chalant about the problem and said he'd look into it. I called the next day to file a formal complaint and upper mgmt said that he'd first have to remove the occupants from the room (this should have been done the day before). They did a formal inspection of the room with their company of choice and sent me (after two requests) a simple report that stated no bed bugs were found. The insurance agency would not help us as well. All that we requested was to be reimbursed for our hotel stay and medical expenses. They refused all requests. This hotel not only costs me $300 a night, but time off from work, medical expenses, and time lost re-washing every piece of clothing that I had taken with me. I strongly recommend that you DO NOT stay at this hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	Central location yet typically NYC rude/stubborn personel	Good things first, extremely central, next to Grand Central Station. Not so great no pool, with kids a definite low. Now, seemingly the Big Apple has gotten to them. I have stay in other Grand Hyatts, where they practically bend over backwards for you. These other stays had been as an Executive, living in Grand Suites with all perks. I had therefore accumulated quite a number of &quot;Miles&quot; (Platinum Member for years) that I wanted to use.This visit was not made as an Executive, and thus I was also treated like the usual Joe, who is trying to cut corners and score free-bees. More specifically, there had been a misunderstanding, that for my stay, using my Miles, the breakfast was included, as it normally is as a Grand Club Member (the GC breakfast is more basic as they tell me). At check-in, I was offered a upgrade to the GC, for USD 75 (something that in my mind, since it was the first time using those Miles, should have been complementary). Well I figured, I was going to take advantage of the NYC diners and eat out always anyway, so I did not ask for the upgrade. I was given some coupons for coffee, that ended also being a joke, because it did not count for any of the coffee I was having.We ended up having breakfast once with the kids, and there came the bill, USD 95!Well, all the dicussion with the waiter, trying to enpower him, did not work, complaining with the front desk, trying to enpower them, did not work (Obviously GH does not empower their employees). I never complain, and thus expected that they would reason with me, yet the held me for a guy who always takes advantages. Too bad!I still like GH, yet not this one, its a bad Apple.Should I go back, I'll make sure I'm on Exec Duty, and then I'll vote with my feet.	
Aug 20 2009 	one of the best deals in NYC	I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt a few times now &amp; I'm always satisfied. Great Location ! Sure its a bit old in spots but i dont think its any huge problem by any means (not like the Intercontinental Barclay...don't get me started on that place...) If you are paying $250+ yes you could probably do better but for what I usually pay (usually around $150 total on priceline it cant be beat ) and the rooms are always decent size (unlike The Paramount or some other rip off places) In terms of inexpensive food , don't order room service , don't go a across the street... go right below to Grand Central Station and their Gourmet Food Court (on lower level) .. anything you want is right there.. this was especially convenient when I went in January.. there's a door in the lobby that will lead you there without ever having to go outside. and all the major subways are there etc... I'm not a fan of super huge hotels by any means but I've never had a bad experience there and I will be staying there again in a few weeks	
Aug 19 2009 	The rooms are too OLD AUGUST 2009	The rooms are too OLD AUGUST 2009Location goodI paid ~150$ per night VIA pricelineI think that the hotel is not worth the money.I would prefer to take a smaller hotel, with free wireless (this one 10$ per day), including breakfast (the &quot;breakfast place across the road is awful. don't go there !!!)you are all the way out, don't pay so much. and the location is good but you need to take the sub 2 stations to get to timesquare	
Aug 17 2009 	Great deals can be found	We recently took a trip to New York city and stayed at the Grand Hyatt. The location was fantastic - literally next door to Grand Central Station, any location in the city was a quick Subway ride or walk away. We managed to find a great deal on the room through Expedia - paid less than $200 per night, normally the room would have been nearly $400. The reception/concierge services were very good and the location couldn't have been better. Avoid the hotel restaurant and do not buy the $50 per day convenience charge for breakfast ... the food at the hotel was the biggest rip off. $9 cup of coffee for room service, $28 omelet. The restaurant wasn't much cheaper. The good thing is that there are many many restaurants and of course Star Bucks located within easy walking distance of the hotel.The room was clean, bigger than expected and comfortable. I wouldn't have wanted to pay $400 per night, but for our deal of less than $200 it was totally worth it.	
Aug 15 2009 	new york new york!	Really enjoyed our stay at the Grand Hyatt,had read some reviews of New York hotels which said they were very small,not the case with the Grand Hyatt,more than adequate space,beds very comfy,shower good,rooms clean,only tip i would recommend is when checking in,request a room that isnt one the adjoining/family type,we wanted a good nights sleep after travelling so we could get an early start the next day,unfortunately the guests in the adjoining room(not with us) returned at 3am&amp;decided to have a party,there is no soundproofing between the adjoing rooms just what seem like a paper thin door,it felt like the party was in our room!!!!but credit to the staff,on complaining the next day we were m oved to a larger corner room(not adjoining)&amp;a complimentary bottle of wine &amp; strawberries dipped in chocolate were delivered to our room that evening,all said it was a great stay in New York,i would recommend this hotel for its location&amp; the comfy beds&amp;clean rooms,with all there is to do in NYC,you dont really spend that much time in your room.Great place to stay!	
Aug 15 2009 	great location very nice staff restaurants a bit overpriced	I wrote an email to the hotel long before arrival with the request of a non smoking room in one of the upper floors. I never got a response. However they were able to fill in my request at the time of check in. We had a nice room in the 27th floor. The room was big, the bathroom pretty tiny with no space to put your own staff. There were some stains at the bathroom floor and in the tub. They could have vacuumed the room a bit better but other than that it was clean. There was also a walk in closet. The bed was very comfortable and we had a good sleep, the room was very quiet.The view from room 2736 is a bit blocked from the building across the other side which is pretty close but since there was no street between the buidlings it was also very quiet.Internet was wireless for 9,99 extra a day.We had breakfast every morning in the restaurant Commodore Grill. It is a bit overpriced but good quality.The staff was always very nice, reponsive and helpful. The location is excellent. Next to Grand Central Station and withing walking distance to Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, The United Nation Headquarter, Time Square and other interesting points.I would stay here again!	
Aug 12 2009 	Excelent location!	I loved to stay there!! Great location beside The Grand Central Station . All hotel staff was very helpful and courteous. I will go back certainly!	
Aug 12 2009 	Grand Hyatt NY Gets An F For Accommodations!	I just returned from a business trip to New York where I gave a presentation to a group of travel industry professionals. The conference went well, but that is not my reason for writing this. The problem was with the Hotel.The conference hotel was the Grand Hyatt in New York City. This is a very large business hotel located right next to Grand Central Station on 42nd street. I was excited about staying at the hotel as I really enjoy the Hyatt brand.  I arrived at 1250AM in stead of 1030PM as my flight was late from Chicago due to weather in the New York area. So I am now very tired, somewhat wet as it has been pouring rain for the entire trip from Newark Airport to the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I had to wade through the rain to get to the Super Shuttle Bus. I walk into the lobby of the Grand Hyatt and proceed to the Registration Desk. Now remember it is 1250AM on Thursday morning and there are at least 12 people waiting in line to check in. Now that would not be so bad, but there is only one desk clerk handling the check in and to add insult to injury, there are approximately 15 self service check-in kiosk that all say OUT OF SERVICE  SEE DESK CLERK TO CHECK IN. So now I am very tired, I have a bad headache and I am standing in a line that is not moving at all.  20 minutes later I make it up to the desk clerk. I give him my name and my reservation number. He types it into the computer and then I see that look on his face that I have seen to many times before. You know the look of bad news at 115 in the morning. So he tells me that the room I reserved was not available. My heart dropped! I said you have to give me a room. He tells me that he has a queen size smoking room. I said to myself, how bad could a smoking room be? So I say to the desk clerk, I just need a room to sleep in, I will take the room.  So he gives me the key card and I proceed to the 15th floor room I was assigned. I get to the room and open the door and walk in and then it hit me. This room REAKED of smoke! Oh did it stink, it just knocked you over. It smelled like someone chain smoked no-stop for a week! But again, I was so tired and I had this terrible headache and I just needed so sleep. So I climbed into the bed and fell asleep.  When I woke up, I really look around the room for the first time. The window shade was all stained and looked as if someone threw a cup of coffee on it. The lights on the night stands did not work properly. The Desk lamp shade was broken and had a hole in it. There was a floor lamp that was leaning over like someone bent the base. And the final straw, the wifi in the room did not work. I walked into the bathroom to take a shower. The bathroom look pretty good, so I get into the shower, close the curtain and turned on the water. I adjusted the temperature and then the tub started to fill up. Ok, so the drain was running slow. I hit the shower button and the shower turned on. It started to spray nicely around the curtain and on to the floor. I could not get a good flow onto me, but it did a great job of making a puddle on the floor of the bathroom, which I could not stop. I was really frustrated by this time. I got out of the shower and threw two towels on the floor to soak up the water. I then dried myself off with a third towel, at least they gave me 4 towels and they were not the usual fluffy Hyatt towels, they were very scratchy and thin towels. The service was just fair throughout the hotel. The public areas were very nice, but the service was poor at best. I stay in lots of hotel rooms during the year and this was a stay that I want to forget. I cannot recommend the Grand Hyatt in New York until they do something to improve the quality control of the rooms and the attitude of the staff.	
Aug 11 2009 	Loved it	Had a great stay. Booked through priceline for an awesome price!! Got upgraded upon arrival. Great room, very clean, comfy beds, fantastic location. Took advantage of proximity to Grand Central Station and rode the subway often. Never had to use a cab on this trip. Consierge was very helpful and clued us in to some &quot;non touristy spots&quot; Very large hotel so not very intimate or unique but non the less a great place to lay your heads in comfort after busy days in NYC.	
Aug 11 2009 	Worst Hyatt I have evey stayed in	First the good points.......well, I can only think of two- the location and an impressive lobby area. Other than that, I can't believe that Hyatt put their name to this hotel. We have stayed in Hyatt's all over the worls (we are Hyatt Platinum members). We stayed a total of 4 nights, as part of a longer trip to New York, Las Vegas and Mexico. We had booked a Club Room. I had emailed the hotel before we arrived to request early check in (we arrived at 12pm) - check in is normally 3pm - room wasn't ready, so we left our bags in storage and headed out. Room was ready when we returned. We got into the lift and were ready to be impressed! Oh my word! The room was just awful - vary dingy, badly in need of a refurb. They had tried to tart it up with a modern lampshade, flat screen TV, but the room needed a repaint, was very dark (terrible lighting), awful old carpet....and the bathroom....the sink was in the bedroom area sink was decrepid and vanity worksurface looked like it was about to collapse!), and the bathroom had just a toilet and bath with old fashioned overhead shower. Extremely old fixtures and fittings and it was so small - I am very petite and I struggled to turn round in the bathroom. Poor quality toiletries and on two occassions, maid service forgot to replenish said toiletries. No tea and coffee making facilities in room. No bathrobe or slippers. Bed adequate. Maid service was poor, room and bathroom just got a quick going over, bath not cleaned adequately - and yes, we did leave a tip for housekeeping every day! As we had a club room, we had access to the club lounge for complimentary breakfast, snacks and free soft drinks. Lounge was far too small for the amount of poeple using it - you struggled to get a seat at breakfast if you arrived after 8.30am. Selection of food not bad - but have had a lot better. Staff in the lounge were helpful and polite, especially when compared to reception and concierge staff who we found to be quite cold and impersonal.For $300 per night I was bitterly disappointed. I would never stay here again and cannot recommend it. Hyatt should be ashamed and I would have expected a much better hotel from them in New York City. It should be a flagship not a dump!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a long weekend in June. The rooms were a good size (by Manhattan standards), clean and stylish. The hotel is located right next to Grand Central station, so it was super easy to take the subway all over the city. I highly recommend this hotel, especially if you can get a good rate. Try Priceline.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Location outrageous room service prices	We stayed here for two days after an ocean passage. The room was clean and well organized. The shower was not so good, almost no water came out the shower head.There was a charge for the internet. The room service price for a cup of coffee was nine dollars plus five dollars per person service charge, plus fifteen percent tip. One could order steak for two for 80.00! A kiosk in the lobby was a little less expensive. Where we actually ate was in Grand Central Terminal. Had a breakfast sandwich and coffee for two for not much more than that cup of coffee for one would have been. The location was excellent. Walking distance to places to eat and shop. Nice view from our 26th floor window.	
Aug 7 2009 	I've had grander	PRICEWe booked our holiday with Virgin which included the flights, transfers and hotel so I cannot give a complete accurate guide to price but I would say from looking at their website and the amount we paid its safe to say its about 130 a night for two on a weekend and about 90 a night on a weeknight for two. LOCATIONThe Grand Hyatt is in an excellent location if you wish to explore the whole of New York as it is situated next door to Grand Central Station but not so great if you are only there for the shopping as were we. It wasn't as much the distance to get to places it was the volume of people you would have to battle to get to the places you wanted to be. To get to Times Square you would be looking at a 30 minute walk at night but early in the morning about 15 minutes when there were less people. To get to attractions such as the Empire State building and 5Th Avenue it wouldn't take as long or be so hectic as you could walk across a block and down were there were a lot less people so it didn't take half as long if you were doing it on the main drag.Being next door to Grand Central Station had its perks for us to though because if was raining really bad you could get to anywere in the city even just a couple of blocks up you could get the tube for $2 which is amazing value for money. If it is raining it is great as you just come out of the station and you can run right into your hotel.When staying at The Grand Hyatt you find the areas around very interesting to the sides you are surrounded by huge offices and on the main road you are about 5 minutes away from a local market and the famous library featured on Ghostbusters.The hotel looks out on to a main road which has some pretty spectacular views as you can see all the yellow taxis going up and down and its just like a picture you expect to see.FIRST IMPRESSIONSFrom the outside you can see the hotel from the top of the street it looks really tall and looks like it is all made from glass as it shines very brightly and is very noticeable as you can see the large Hyatt sign about 2 miles away.When you walk through the large revolving doors you are met with a large open carpeted space and an escalator up to the reception area.Once you are in the reception area you are met with a large reception desk to your left were you check in a bar on the next level next to the reception and a huge open seated area were anyone can sit and believe me anyone does! I sat waiting for my transfer home and some Americans were having a book club meeting! The reception area was big but it didn't have the wow factor for me sure it had large pots of flowers and a huge fountain but the atmosphere to me resembled that in a shopping arcade it had no natural light and was very much for show. On the right hand side of the room there was a huge Piano with table and chairs, which I think were for special occasions but sitting in a reception area to me is not very special.Straight ahead are about 6 lifts to take you to your room. These were a little more sophisticated with a large mirror behind you and a monitor with an image of concierge on talking you through all the floors. The lifts had a red carpet and golden features very plush.CHECKING INThis is a very painful experience to say the least when they are busy. As we travelled at Christmas time I suppose it was a lot more congested but the staff just weren't up to the volume of customers. When we arrived there was a lot of argy bargy going on with some Americans who did not have the right room bookedPictures of Grand Hyatt New York, New York City reception..and were arguing with the staff and amongst themselves, you then had others trying to push to the front and people who were just wondering around like they didn't have a care in the world. We as British people must have looked liked headless chickens because we did not have a clue what to do there was no help and if you stood around too close to the stairs the staff got annoyed and told us to move not very pleasant.Once we arrived at check in we were told we had 3 rooms between 8 of us which was fine but they were all doubles no three bedded rooms! You tell me how 8 people fit in 3 beds it just wasn't going to happen. However we couldn't be too annoyed as there were people being told they had been overbooked and they didn't actually have a room after all on the 29th December to say tempers were frayed was an understatement. Once we had checked in I was not in the mood for letting one of the bell boys take my case for $5 not that mattered because we were not even asked they were too busy running around fussing over everybody else. So we hauled our cases into the lift and headed for the 18th floor.Once we arrived in our rooms a concierge dumped a fold away bed in our rooms with no bedding or even an apology. This made my aunty who booked the holiday very angry so they went to complain and we were told two proper beds would be brought in and we could all have breakfast for the 5 nights we were staying and considering there were 8 of us and it was $25 a head we were quite glad. Needless to say they did bring another put me up bed, which was exactly the same as hard as nails and about 20cm from the ground! We were quick to realise the hotel was full to the rafters and we were not going to get better beds until some of the other guests shipped out so we didn't bother mentioning it again.THE ROOMSThese were nice enough they were of a good standard quite large at 250sq ft, but only what I would consider a business class room by this I mean a standard hotel you would stay in on business had gone enough facilities, was clean and had modern dcor. It wasn't the sort of room I would call luxurious but what did I expect for the money I was paying? That's the problem I didn't know what to expect and I suppose I got what is average in most US hotels clean, modern and just a place to lay your head.The rooms were quite large with a 3 door wardrobe, large desk with draw storage and a free computerised safe.You then have your standard 25inch TV, iron and ironing board, radio/alarm clock hairdryer, telephone and complimentary toiletries.In each room you can either have one king sized bed or two double beds in all rooms we had the standard king sized beds. Each rooms has its own heat controller so you can have the air conditioning on when you want and the heating on whenever you want. Well that was the idea but you had to put it on at least an hour before you were going to get cold because it took that long to warm up but at least if you were too hot it took about 2 seconds to return to an ice box! I am a bit fussy when it comes to heat I love a nice warm room and this just wasn't it. The room had two large windows that opened which was nice if you wanted a quick blast of cold air but really something I didn't understand as air conditioning doesn't work when you have windows open and on the 18th floor you didn't have much to see unless you wanted to peer right into someone's office.A nice feature was that all rooms got a copy of the New York Times free of charge ok we didn't ever read it but it was a nice touch.The bathroom was a huge disappointment it was clean and had marble features a toilet, sink and regularly changed towels but the shower was terrible it was just a shower head and a horrible shower curtain. I think that sort of setup is far from 4* it is the sort of thing I expect in European 3* hotels but not American 4* hotels I would at least expect a decent shower or even shower over bath there was enough room for it but they just hadn't seemed to have bothered. The temperature of the water was also very hard to get right it was either freezing cold or boiling hot. On the first night we had to call the reception as the water was stone cold and we thought it wasn't going to heat up but after 20 minutes of being continuously on it finally heated up.In all the Hyatt has 1,311 rooms. The rooms we stayed in were just the standard rooms which was the only choice given to us by Virgin but reading about the other rooms I don't think I would have bothered to pay any extra as none of the rooms seemed like they were any better they just had more seating areas. The choices were junior suites which were 450 sq ft and had a dining table, work area and parlour, VIP suites which were 600sq ft and had the same areas as the junior suites but with a view of the street and a marble and granite bath and now the Lexington suites which are a bit in the middle of the junior suite and the VIP suite as the rooms are 350 sq ft and have the same areas as the other to do but the Lexington also has the views.The only upgrade I would have considered and obviously never would have afforded was the Regency club it definitely has the WOW factor if you stayed in one of these rooms you would be on the restricted area known as the 31st floor! This floor is only for the guests booked in as regency guest in the price you get a continental breakfast and evening meal in the exclusive private lounge known as Hors D'oeuvres. The floor also has it is own personal concierge and amazing views of New York City.THE DCORIn and around the hotel everything is quite traditional to look modern chic like the marble floors, cream carpets, leather and upholstered chairs. You then get your gold finishes and bright lighting to make up for the lack of natural light.The rooms are mainly finished to a good standard which are lit with about 3 lamps to give an nice relaxed feel with the furniture being a dark brown wood and a nice white crisp bed with gold and brown accessories.COMFORT FACTORIn each room you get a high bed with nice fluffy pillows and quilt which feel really nice and comfortable when you get in especially when you get in from a long day. You also get a nice comfortable chair which doubles as a clothes rack every night if you are me and there is also a nice comfy twirly chair at the desk, which is nice also for draping all your clothes over!The seating areas in the reception were also comfortable a little worn feeling but comfortable having to share the lobby with a bunch of people who aren't even staying in the hotel is a bit weird but you get used to it.WERE TO EATMost hotels in the US are based on a room only price and for anything they mess up they offer a free breakfast so most people end up getting a free breakfast. So your ok there but when it comes to lunch and your evening meal it is really difficult to find somewere nice yet cheap as in my personal experience you cant get it. The immediate area around the hotel is not the best place to eat but when it is raining you don't really have a choice opposite the hotel you have a burger bar type place from the outside and when you get in there it is very different with a very formal sit down dinner area and for 5 soups and 5 soft drinks you are looking at around $80 and that wasn't because we were feeling tight we just wanted some thing warm in our bellies if we had gone for the full courses we would have been looking at about the same per head.There is a nice large Mc Donald's 5 minutes down the road if you fancy it cheap and cheerful. The only place nearby that I found acceptable to eat was at Grand Central station n the lower floor they have a very large food mall with about 15 different food outlets selling all kinds foods that you could rake away or eat in the large seating area. You can get a Chinese meal in there for around $10 with a drink and you will get to sample 3 different dishes.If you prefer to eat in the hotel you can make a visit to theMANHATTAN SKY RESTAURANT BARThis really is a very informal restaurant overlooking the busy New York road and is well known for having the best breakfast menu on 42nd street and I can't disagree.The restaurant is set out very nice with the main buffet area at the front were you walk in and then up a couple of steps a large area full of large tables and comfortable chairs next to 3 very large ceiling to floor windows so you get an amazing soundless view.The restaurant is open for breakfast everyday from 6:30am till 11:30am I would advise to go really early or really late as the restaurant gets rammed after 8am. When you arrive in the restaurant you will be seated by a waiter or waitress who will then get you any toast, hot and cold drinks. Now it is down to the buffet my favourite part once you have grabbed a plate the world is your oyster the food looks amazing and you always take far too much than you can eat! The first area is the hot area were you can choose from bacon, tomatoes, eggs and black pudding and if you don't fancy any of that there is a chef on hand to cook you a fresh omelettes, fried eggs and pancakes. Next is the cold area, which was a selection of cheeses and different hams I always avoid these areas because I hate ham and not much of a cheese person especially in the early morning. Next to those you have a cereal area were you can pick any sort of cereal your heart desires even a bowl of hot porridge if you fancy it is all on hand.The end part was my favourite part and was very much a weakness for me one table was covered in fresh fruit strawberries, melon, grapes, oranges, apples you name it they had it and I know your all thinking wow she is so healthy I couldn't help but feats my eyes over the next table filled with Danishes! Oh my god they were good croissants, apple Danishes, orange Danishes, muffins and blueberry buns. They were gorgeous a girls dream and you could eat as much as you want.The food was excellent and I suppose if you were paying $25 a head you would expect that but the service was really good the staff couldn't do enough for you and the view is really amazing. Every other morning everyone would also get a small shot glass of a fruit smoothie, which I thought was a nice touch didn't always taste great, but a nice touch.If you happened to be around the hotel at lunch time you could go back here and enjoy a selection of sandwiches and entrees unfortunately we never did this as we were out for most of the day and grabbed a bite in a subway or burger bar what ever was closest at the time. However I think if the food at lunch was as good as at breakfast it would have been delicious! The restaurant was open 11am till 2pm for lunch.In the evening if you aren't out sampling New York's nightlife and too tired to drag yourself out you can make a reservation at THE COMMODORE GRILL This was a much more sophisticated atmosphere open 5pm till 11pm the commodore is a place you need to make a reservation at and this can be done at the hotel or online when we went it was Christmas time so we couldn't go and had to go to the Marriott in Times Square which was quite a bit more expensive but had a better view. Once you have a table booked you can look forward to full waiter service and a wide American continental cuisine menu. The restaurant is obviously upmarket and you can expect to get a meal there for around $30-$50 a head which isn't bad as you can't get a really good meal in an upmarket restaurant for that.ROOM SERVICEIf you don't fancy leaving your room for a bite to eat or your thirsty in the night you can order from the room service menu which is ok if your desperate but is very expensive and not really worth shelling out for, although a lot of people seemed to have as when they finished it sometimes took the staff a while to come and get the trolleys from outside the rooms.You could choose a simple soup for about $8 a steak for $22 or a basic curry or lasagne for $16 a tea or coffee for $4 and the a %10 service charge and 12.5% room service charge on top.It isn't bad as far as room service goes but if you were really that thirsty you could just nip to the end of the corridor and get a free glass of water from the water machine and a couple of ice cubes or you could feed the vending machine $2 and get a can of pop.OTHER FACILITIESThe hotel is very big and has facilities for all different types of people on the first level you will find about 4 different gift shops selling over priced souvenirs and toiletries just in case of emergencies. Which unfortunately I had to purchase I wasn't expecting a period and ended up paying 6 for an average pack of always sanitary towels, which can be purchased here, in the UK for about 1.49 I was disgusted but when you are desperate you have no choice. The concierge, theatre and tour desk which was open from about 9am till 5pm and was very helpful you could book any trips here and the staff were very helpful in helping you make decisions there was also a wide array of leaflets you could take to your room and make decisions over.The Commodore Lounge which was open from 2pm till 1am and could be found opposite the Commodore Grill this is the best place to hang out in the hotel it is very comfortable and sophisticated. You can get light snacks, cocktails and a good selection of wines and beers that were priced reasonably ish after all you are on holiday but a beer usually sets you back about 3.50 and a glass of wine anything from 4 upwards.Grand Caf barThis was a nice reasonable coffee bar, which mainly opened and closed whenever it was busy because when ever we seemed to go there it was closed. The coffee here was really nice and it is a very relaxed area despite being just above one of the busiest areas of the hotel.For those who are interested here are the other facilities the hotel has that I did not take advantage of Valet ParkingBusiness centre and conference facilitiesInternet accessLarge gymCHECKING OUTThankfully for us and a lot of other checking out was pretty painless ish. We used a self check out machine which was very simple at the end of your stay you swipe your key card through the machine press on the names that are sharing that room and then confirm that there is no charges for room service or anything and you post your swipe card all done! However we were not getting picked up until 19:30 that evening so we had to check our luggage into the luggage room. This was pretty easy we just handed over our cases and were given a slip to collect our cases later there was no charge for this and they didn't even expect a tip.Checking out was all well and good but it had to be done by 11:30am and there was no other option such as a day room or anything. I know you are in the middle of New York and must be plenty of things to do but when you have spent all of your money and it is chucking it down with rain you don't really feel like wandering around so by about 16:00 we thought we would go back to the hotel have a sit down and a bit of a rest before out flight. How wrong could we be the staff are so strict you can't get away with anything. I was very tired and closed my eyes for about 5 minutes when I was told to get up and sleep with my eyes open!!! I know I was in the middle of a hotel reception and am sure you guys are thinking what the hell was she doing but this reception was huge and more like a public area and was definitely not filled with a 4* standard snob. I then took my shoes off so I could fold my legs I mean 4 hours is a long time but obviously this was a big no no and was told if I didn't put my shoes on right now I would have to wait outside!! That is hospitable. OVERALLAfter a nice few days the treatment of staff really left a bad taste in my mouth I was a customer and had paid good money to stay in this hotel and they were going to throw me out!! To be honest given the choice I wouldn't stay here again I would go more up market and stay in a more luxurious hotel in a better location and that actually looked like a hotel and not a shopping arcade.I would give this hotel about Staff 1/10 (except the maids they did a good job 9/10 for them)Facilities 4/10Rooms 6/10Food 8/10Value for money 2/10Location 7/10	
Aug 7 2009 	The best Hotel location to stay in nyc . on top of Grand Central station	the location of this hotel is great so is the view from my hotel window easy to get arround to walk to get subway if you like,my room have plenty space nice shower , i have stay at this Hotel around 50 times and i recomended to every onewho want to stay in good hotel in NYC	
Aug 6 2009 	Good deal	Booked this hotel on priceline for $130/night. Great location and nice room (although a little on the small side). The walls were pretty thin in our room, however, as we could hear the people in the room next door. The hotel was the perfect distance away from the rucus of Times Square, while being a walk away all the attractions. WARNING: DO NOT EAT BREAKFAST AT THIS HOTEL. It costs $30 per person for a very average breakfast.... I strongly recommend eating breakfast at a resto nearby instead... what a ripoff. Would stay here again only if I get a great deal again. This hotel is definitely not work $400+ a night!	
Aug 6 2009 	Not a **** star	Old rooms - no fridge ( only on request). smal beds. I's more like a *** star.	
Aug 2 2009 	Terrible stay... small and dark room unfriendly staff. Great location though...	I booked three nights at the Grand Hyatt through priceline, for $160 a night. It seemed a fair price for a 4* hotel in NYC. Well... what a disappointment... the room was tiny and very dark. We were on floor 16 but it didn't help. There was just 1 small window and just enough room to move around, but not much else. (oh, well, a huge walk in closet). I don't have much to stay, it was a terrible stay. The check in was fast because we used the quick automatic check in. We were assigned a room with a double bed. There was no complimentary tea or coffee or any kinds of hot water. Everything was for purchase downstairs. I was surprised, it's the first time I don't get such service in a &quot;good&quot; room (and I travel a lot).The first evening I became really sick and couldn't move. I had the worst headache of my life, I couldn't do anything and it was really late. I called front desk asking for help, I needed some advil or any kind or medication (the kind you find at any store). They replied with a cold &quot;I'm sorry, we do not give medecine to our guests&quot;, even though there was a Duane's Read right across the road and I really couldn't move at all. I don't mean they should do so, but it would have helped...Anyway, I didn't like the hotel at all. Too big, too cold (literally too, it was freezing cold in the corridors and lobby), no personality, the staff barely does the minimum. You're just another number to them, not a guest. I didn't feel welcomed at all.It's sad because I had planned on staying at the Hotel Chelsea for the whole stay, but after reading a few bad reviews on tripadvisor, I decided for one night at the Chelsea and the rest at the Hyatt, expecting a lot from a 4* hotel. Well, it ruined my stay. The Hotel Chelsea was just incredible, one of the best hotels I've ever been to. Hyatt, on the other hand, was one of the worst...Location is great, right next to the Empire State Building and Grand Central station (metro and all). Not my favorite area, but recommended if you're just passing by... and staying out most of the time.One good side is: the room was very quiet. No street noise at all. (I expected otherwise)	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice very convenient location excellent hotel	Nice clean spacious! Connected to Grand Central. Great Location!! Definately will stay there again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Average 	Recently had the pleasure of visitng NYC. Hotel was only average considering it belongs to the Hyatt Group. The room was extremely dusty - so much so that I could smell the dust. There was a large floor lamp right near the air con vent that was covered in dust. The bedside table in between the two double beds had a lower shelf that my daughter put a doll box in and when she pulled it out, it came out with cob web style dust things dragging behind it. Gross. The room was quite pokey but I had read about NYC hotel rooms being quite small. The bathroom was tiny, the hand basin had no room to put toiletries on whilst getting ready. The hair dryer kept overheating (at least 2 - 3 times) whilst I was trying to dry my hair in the mornings which was really, really frustrating because I had to leave it to cool down before I get started again. We used to put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up so that we could have a sleep in in the mornings but when I would duck out to get coffees whilst my Husband and kids were still in bed, I would find housekeeping's cart parked outside our room - waiting for us to get out of the room. I found this to be bit pushy and really wanted to wheel their carts down the hallway, The foyer also needs a bit of a makeover, a lot of gold metal which looks very 80's. The foyer/lobby were always busy. They would put these sheer white curtain things up to try and make an impromtu room within the lobby to host functions - if I had booked a function and it was wedged in their foyer/lobby in that fashion I would be most disappointed. Location of hotel is good. I discovered a great fresh food market around the corner (Lexington) - part of Grand Central (I think it was called Grant Central Market - not sure) but it has fresh breads, cold meats, cheeses, fruits, veges, seafood, cakes, nuts and heaps more. Towards the end of our stay, we got sick of eating out so I would get some fresh bread rolls, cold cut meats, chesse etc and make our own bread rolls. The variety of food sold is outstanding and the smell when you walk around is delicious. Lastly, the rooms do not have fridges but you can request one (I think it was $25 per stay). Recommend it if you want to grab your own supplies from the market. Overall would probably stay again (if I really had to) but would demand they clean the dust up in the room.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good location away from Times Square	This was our 5th trip to New York and this time we were travelling with friends on their 1st time in NYC. We have always stayed in The Times Square area but felt this may be too chaotic an experience for our friends who had their two children with them. On the strength of Trip Advisor reviews, we decided to try The Grand Hyatt. The hotel is in a good location, 10 minutes walk to Times Square and 5 to 5th Avenue. The check in/check out staff were considerably more friendly and helpful than we had previously experienced in New York. This was the only contact we had with the staff, although our friends had a bad experience with their 'neighbours' on the first night and the staff could not have provided a better service for them in arranging a different room. The room we had was large by NY standards and quiet, with a very comfortable king size bed, on the 22nd floor. We did not use any of the eateries in the hotel as there are numerous places in the area to suit all tastes and budgets. My only complaint would be the inability to get a coffee in or around the hotel after 9pm.All in all, a good place to stay, without being exceptional.	
Jul 27 2009 	Not worth the $$$	My husband &amp; I took our 19 year old son to NYC as a graduation gift for 7 nights &amp; 8 days. It was a first trip for all 3 of us to NYC and we were so excited, so we figured we'd splurge and stay at a nice hotel no matter the cost. Well, I'd have to say for the first time I felt like I didn't get what I paid for. I've stayed in a family suite at the Sheraton in Maui (on the beach) for 1/2 the cost, yes HALF the cost of what I paid to stay at the Grand Hyatt. The room was small, which I expected, however when I purchased the &quot;DELUXE&quot; room I was expecting a little more room than we actually had (Room 2169). I had originally asked for a room with 2 double beds but when I booked they didn't have any available. Upon check-in I asked and they said that they only had the King size bed available. So I requested a roll-away for my son, simple enough right? Nope! We went up to our room which was extremely small, trying to stay positive and not show my son my disappointment I went down and asked if a double room became available if they could let me know so we could change rooms. They never did contact us. Once the roll away bed was set up there was absolutely no room to walk around the room. Then there was mold in the shower (which never got cleaned the entire time we were there). The air conditioner made noise the entire time it ran which made it difficult to sleep. There is ABSOLUTELY no counter space in the restroom to set your toiletries on while getting ready. There was only one very, very small dresser under the TV which had tiny drawers in it. You could hear the dinging of the elevator all night long. Needless to say, I was highly disappointed with staying at the Grand Hyatt and wished I'd spent half the money to stay at another location. I will not be recommending this hotel to anyone that I know is traveling to NYC! I do have to say though that the employees at the Concierge desk and out front of the hotel were extremely polite and helpful. Always smiling and very courteous! The location of the hotel is great because you can walk to alot of the sites from there. I'm just sad that I came home feeling disappointed in the hotel, but we still had a fabulous time in NYC!!!	
Jul 26 2009 	SMALL ROOMS	We were here on a business/pleasure trip. We were here for 9 days. We had 2 double beds in our room. For the first 5 day there were only 2 of us so the double beds were fine. We each slept in one of them. However my cousin and here friend came to spend the other 4 days with us and these beds were really small then as well as the bathroom.The hotel has a great location next to grand central but the price for food is outrageous here. We went next door to the food court at grand central to eat . Also one of the security guards told us about a small coffee shop located a couple of blocks away that was very reasonable that was open 24 hours a day. The front desk did give us coupons for coffee or water everyday we were there. We did have a problem with housekeeping. We had to request clean towels every day or you didn't get them. Also if you were not out of your room by 11:00 a.m then you got no service. I don't think I would stay here again. The hotel was very old and too small.	
Jul 26 2009 	needs to be renovated	i lived in nyc for 10 years and recently moved but i still have business in nyc and travel back once a month. last week I stayed here for 3 nights - it is a company choosen hotel. it's a great location right next to grand central so it's perfect for my work or for tourists.i've stayed here 3 times this year - each time in a different room. this room was the worst of the bunch (I wasn't impressed with any room yet). all rooms that i've stayed in were older with a few cosmetic updates such as new bedding, a decent tv and a new sink. all rooms tend to be dark with poor lighting and uncomfrtable pillows in my opinion.last week i got stuck with room 2254. the room was basically the same as before with a decent view looking west. the room is older and had a musty smell. the carpet was OLD. it was held down, near the bathroom, with electrical tape. shocking, in my opinion. Not sure why they don't replace it instad of using tape to hold the frayed edges down. then the 1st morning I got a shower/ the shower is old &amp; doesn't drain so i was stuck standing in dirty water. on my way out to meetings - i asked someone at the front desk to have the tub fixed and was assured that they would. the next morning - it was somewhat better but after 10 minutes the water filled up again. on top of that - the drain plug wasn't even attached to the tub but placed on the side of the tub. again, i asked for this to be fixed. the final morning - another shower, the plug still sitting on the side and the tub filled up yet again. i'm not sure how many times you have to ask for something to be fixed but for the price I (or my company) paid, once should have been enough.overall, i think the hotel is in need of serious renovation, not just a cosmetic one. next month when i am in town - i am staying at a different company preferred hotel. it just isn't worth the price to me.	
Jul 26 2009 	Wellcared for at wedding trip!	Staying at the New York Grand Hyatt during our wedding trip was a nice and comfortable experience. ONE man reason: the staff!! I enjoy staying at Hyatt hotels whenever I can afford to. It is not too luxurious but it feels like a home. Concierge, bellservice and front staff extreamly serviceminded and seemed almost genuinly caring about their guests! That is really unique in a city like New York. At the Hyatt Regency in Jersey City the staff is also very kind and attentative, but I would not have expected the same in the Manhattan hotel, happily we were surprised. At our arrival somehow our booking had been cancelled, but in no time we got an even better room, with a smile! Lan, the wonderful girl at the frontdesk, gave us good time and descriptions to make us decide on whether we would prefer a nicer room with no view or a nice view with a room next to elevators. Explaining our purpuse for our trip (getting married at city hall) we even had the pleasure to recieve wine and snacks in our room, compliments from frontstaff initiated by that sweet girl, Lan.During our stay we had the pleasure of the concierge service at many times. I am the type of person who usually find out everything myself, online and on the phone, but here, the service was so nice and efficiant that we used it everyday instead of paying for wifi and phone in the room. Especially the girl, Amanda did a wonderful job without giving the impressions that she was bothered, which I often have the feeling when dealing with service people in NYC... And special thumbs up for her getting me excactly the appointment at the excact salon that I really wanted on the day of our departure back home.The maidservice was not really that good (even though we tipped generously) and the rooms were worn, cracks in the ceiling, very dusty and the water pressure was really lousy. Still, because of the wonderful staff and conveniant location we would consider returing here.	
Jul 25 2009 	Could be so much better!	This was our fourth time staying at this hotel and we chose it mainly because of it's convenient location (next to Grand Central Terminal). We usually stay for 2 weeks on each visit but this year my husband was there for 5 weeks on business. The room was unusually small and bathroom sink was tiny. The last couple of visits the rooms have been small but this one couldn't even accommodate a chair in the room. It was right next to the bed so no walking by space.The rooms do not come with a coffee maker so we brought ours from home. We had inquired earlier if a coffee maker could be provided in our room but we were told that we would have to check with Housekeeping when we arrived but they could not promise we would have one as it first come first serve basis. I feel they could be more accommodating to people who are staying longer and paying a very expensive room rate and/or arriving later in the day. No discounts or reductions given here in the room rate for a longer stay. The rate we paid did include one business shirt to be laundered every day as their website offered but after the second day the laundered shirt would be returned with a $15 invoice attached to it. When I called down to the desk the guy told me it was only one shirt laundered 'per visit'. My husband had to print out their website the next day at work to show the front desk. The desk agreed after seeing the ad that we were correct. However, Housekeeping kept including an invoice on the laundered shirt when it returned to our room. I went to the desk and they told me that the charge would not appeared on our bill upon check out. Indeed, we were not charged. Somehow you think they could come up with a better method so not to confuse their hotel guests.  The walls in the room are thin and you can hear all the conversations in the next room. If you are a light sleeper this may be a problem. The one thing I can rave about is their breakfast buffet is excellent. It's very expensive and there is no menu- I think it was $28 per person? so you have to be very hungry to enjoy the buffet (fresh fruit, eggs made to order, waffles, bacon, sausages, incredible pastries, fresh squeezed orange juice, etc.). Otherwise, they do have a coffee stand that sells muffins, bagels &amp; salads but it was a bit annoying that you couldn't order from a menu. I overheard a few other guests not happy about the discovery when entering the restaurant.The hotel is in a great location but I think the next time we are in NYC we will be looking at other hotels to stay at.	
Jul 23 2009 	Clean central location and service with a smile	After a delay with our flight my friends and I were ready to just check in and get to our room. We arrived late thanks to our flight checking in around 8:30 pm. This was no problem, but we were notified by the front desk that because it was a busy week they were unable to give us the two double beds we had requested. Instead they would provide us with a King bed and a cot (which by their standards is not the typical fold up uncomfortable bed, it was a full out twin sized bed rolled in on end). At the same time another clerk had just told the same thing to another group had been and they were flipping out. We on the other had a little laugh and said it was fine. Because we responded so politely the clerk gave us complimentary cards for coffee that lasted us the whole week we were there. Once we got up to the room it was clean and beautifully decorated. The only issue we had with the room was the day we asked for our room to be cleaned housekeeping did not provide us with enough replacement towels for the three of us.Each time we used the concierge they were very friendly and very helpful. The hotel was only blocks away from Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Centre and Central Park. We really could not have asked for a better hotel. The Grand Hyatt was affordable, had friendly staff, and couldn't have been a better location for the sights.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Stay at the Grand Hyatt	We booked our trip through the hotel website, and received a great rate through a &quot;Stay Four Nights&quot; package. The rates ranged from $139 to $169 per night. We couldn't believe we could get these rates in NYC! Check-in was fairly smooth, and we received the room that we had booked. We were a little nervous about the noise after reading the reviews, so we booked a &quot;quiet room&quot; (rm 2428). The room was great! The view was the back of the hotel and surrounding buildings, which we were willing to sacrifice for a quiet room. We heard next to nothing from our neighbours, and very little street noise. We also requested a fridge, which they delivered a few hours after check-in. As it turned out, the electrical outlet for the fridge didn't work (at the time we thought the fridge didn't work), so requested a new one in the morning. When we returned in the afternoon, the fridge hadn't been replaced, so we called again. The new fridge was there when we returned again at 11:00 pm. I also checked the cleanliness of the bathroom when we arrived (a few negative reviews on bathrooms). The shower curtain was not moldy, my only complaint was a few hairs left in the tub and sink. There was an ironing board, but no iron in our room. It took about 15 minutes for them to get one to us. (Much faster than the fridge!!) Our room was cleaned well everyday.The room was really large by NY standards. We stayed at the Doubletree in 07 and found both the room and bathroom to be much larger at the Hyatt. Although the bathroom was smallish, there were some shelves under the pedestal sink to put some stuff.We never ate at the hotel since it seemed pricey and there are so many places to eat in NYC. Thanks to reading previous reviews, we were aware of the dining concourse at Grand Central. Also, fellow Canadian Tim Hortons fans, a Tim Hortons opened just down 42nd St.! (1-2 min walk west) Also, there is a Duane Reade across the street with some food and supplies (no produce though). Check-out was great as well, we found the woman (Patty) to be extremely friendly and helpful.Overall, we were very pleased with our stay. It was a very nice hotel, and the price and location were hard to beat!!! Enjoy!	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Loved It!	The hotel was wonderful. We arrived early and they kept our luggage for us until our room was ready free of charge. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and the service was fabulous. It is also connected to the tunnels of Grand Central Station so you can get great food, shopping and right on the subway with out ever having to step outside. Without a doubt we will stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	A few niggles but generally good	If you can get this hotel through one of the discount sites, then it would definitely be worth it. Unfortunately, we paid full price which came in at around $3500 for two rooms for a week. We had asked for two rooms together, but were put on separate floors for the first night (first niggle). However, this was rectified the next day with a move of rooms. The rooms were spacious and clean and the beds very comfortable, although as has been stated in previous reviews, they could do with coffee / tea making facilities. The bathroom was also very clean, although the plug for the bath didn't work and was not sorted after we pointed this out (second niggle). The hotel is well appointed, but feels a bit impersonal, although having over 1000 rooms, perhaps this is to be expected. All the staff were approachable and friendly, with one exception. On moving to our new rooms on day two, we noticed that one of the televisions was damaged and reported this to the front desk. I later had a conversation with a member of staff who advised that all the TVs are checked daily, the suggestion being that we had damaged the TV and were trying to duck out of accepting responsibility for this (third and biggest niggle). However, after some further dialogue he seemed to accept that I wasn't lying to him.The hotel is in a great location and I would recommend it. However, I don't feel that it is worth paying full price for.	
Jul 21 2009 	Outstanding Service	The hotel is very large and is connecting to central station. The location is outstanding. In walking distance to Times Square, 5th Avenue and so on... If you would like to receive outstanding service at the reception, ask for Blaine. She was a huge help and is very kind. She shows interest in all problems and tries to solve them as quickly as possible. The rooms are quite spacious and contain a plasma TV. The bathroom was on the smaller side. We took a clubroom. It's worth it. The Breakfast in the lounge was great and so was the dinner. The beds were very comfortable and quite large. I would recommend this hotel without second thoughts. We are deffinatly going to stay here again. Don't hesitate this is a great place and dont take any notice of the other bad reviews they are not correct.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good Hotel in ideal location	The Grand Hyatt is in an ideal location situated over Grand Central station on E42nd St. We stayed for 5 nights in a king double room which was a very large room with an enormous super king size bed. The room was well furnished with plenty of hanging space for clothes and had a decent bathroom with quality fittings and freebies.The hotel itself has a huge reception area with lounge type seating and a coffee shop with a bar a restaurant off the reception area. The breakfast room overlooks E42nd St and offers a very wide range of breakfast foods all freshly cooked and well presented even if a bit pricy. We only ate in the restaurant once but it was very good.The reception staff are very efficient with check in/out taking less than 2 minutes, and the rest of the staff are also very helpful and efficient.I can't really fault the hotel on any aspect other than the very dim lighting in the room and bar - which is typical of New York where all the lighting is outside or in public areas.We had dinner in the Bull and Bear one night (attached to the Waldorf) and that was probably the best steak I've ever experienced. Try the surf and turf (lobster and fillet) if you're hungry..I'd recommend the hotel for a short break - any longer and you'll break the bank, as it's not a tourist hotel with lot's of conference and meeting rooms.	
Jul 20 2009	Don't believe everything you read	I just got back from NYC and We stayed at the Grand Hyatt. I was little concerned when I booked because the reviews we not looking so good, I thought maybe I should see if I could cancel my booking. I am glad that I didn't. I am not sure why people complain about noise. I did not hear one thing and I was there for 3 nights. We had a room with a king size bed which was perfect. The room itself was quite spacious, the bathroom was little small but really all you are doing is taking a shower or using the toilet so do you really need a huge bathroom. It is right next to Grand Central Station and about a 5-10 minute walk to Times Square. This feature itself should draw you to this hotel. Overall a great stay	
Jul 17 2009 	Great hotel great location!	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in 2009. It was all you could ask for in a NYC hotel. We got the room from priceline at $120/nt, so that in itself was a miracle. The hotel could not have been in a better location, literally connected to Grand Central Station and within walking distance to Times Square. We were never bothered by street noise. The room was very clean and had a large flat screen TV, everything was new. My only complaint is that the sink in the bathroom was a pedestal style and had no counter space. But the bathroom was very large and clean. It also had a desk, closet and iron/ironing board. The staff was very friendly and there were plenty of elevators so the wait time was always minimal. I would stay here again and again!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Not a great hotel	This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel according to Priceline.I was here for two nights after spending 5 nights at the Omni Berkshire Place. Absolutely no comparison. The Hyatt is worn, loud, crowded, with less than stellar service. I was on the Club floor but was not given access to the regency club room. Ordered room service, food was not as picutred in the menu but tasted allright. Restaurant was closed upon checkin for some reason. Bathroom had no hot water at 9 am so I took an ice cold shower.Fitness center was nice, and the lobby bar was pretty nice as well. Paid $110/night on Priceline which I thought was a good rate. Also, the location is good for families or groups - close to times square, the subway, and all midtown amenities.Overall, unimpressed by this property and I think it is not up to the standards I've seen at other Hyatt hotels (Honolulu, San Fran, etc.)	
Jul 16 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	My family (wife, 14 &amp; 9 year old children) booked our room via Priceline.com and were a little worried once we found out the hotel was the Grand Hyatt because there were quite a few bad reviews. However, once we arrived, we were able to breath a sigh of relief. The staff was very courteous and we were checked in quickly with no problems at all. The room was fine. It wasn't huge, but that wasn't an issue for us. The room was clean, had no funky smells and the bed was very comfortable. The chair folded out to a bed for our 9-year old and a roll-away bed was brought in for our 14-year old. We were only in the room to sleep in and it served that purpose very well. The location of this hotel is fantastic as it is close to so many good destinations in the city. Cabs were always available outside the doors, so getting around was very easy if we decided not to walk. We would stay here again with no issues.	
Jul 15 2009 	Okay- but would stay else where next time	I have been to NY before, but was staying for 2 weeks this time, so I was able to get a good price for a long stay. In general it was okay, but it is no frills and I expected more for the price I did pay. No coffee maker or fridge, even in the suite I stayed in. To get coffee and bagel for room service it was over $25. The sit down breakfast, you only had a buffeet option. The lobby is a lot darker than in pictures to the point I had my map super close to my face to see. It was not easy to check in and was given a run around. I struggled with luggage out of the cab, with the Hyatt staff just standing and watching with no offer to help. When needing to store luggage the man was blatantly rude. Walked into my room as it was being cleaned and I was told I could take a seat while she finished. The bed pillows were thrown on the floor tons of guest have walked on...which then placed on the bed to be slept on.No store/gift shop to buy basic things like advil or a brush.	
Jul 14 2009 	Wonderful	This hotel is extremely elegant and the rooms are spacious, luxurious and the staff were amongst the friendliest and most enthusiastic of any hotel staff I have encountered. From arrival to the restaurant staff, each were personable, friendly and gave that extra joy to staying in the hotel. The food was very well prepared and tasty, as was the choice of places to eat. The conceirge was extremely helpful and it was the ideal location from which to wander around and get a feel for New York and for that reason would recommend it for first time travellers to New York, as you are next door to Central Station, located on Park Avenue, a five minute walk from Times Square. You do not even have to leave from under the roof of the hotel to gain access to Grand Central Station.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good location ok room.	Stayed at this hotel at the beginning of July. We got a 40% off deal but even then it was quite pricey. The lobby is very grand with marble and fountains. The room, compared to the impression the lobby left was a bit disappointing. The bathroom is very small and the bath is barely deep enough to paddle in but the shower is nice and powerful. The beds were comfortable. We had a room with two double beds so it was nice to have a larger bed to ourselves but it may be a squish if you end up sharing a double bed.There were no coffee/tea making facilities nor a fridge/mini-bar which was a bit disappointing but we lived. There is a lovely large television offerring a variety of services including TV internet - $9.95 for unlimited use for 24 hours. We signed up to this as we had to book the next leg of our trip. Unfortunately, the internet service kept crashing so we eventually gave up and asked for a refund.Our room was not cleaned one day but that's not a huge problem. The staff at the reception were helpful.The location is the main advantage of this hotel. Centrally located and right next to Grand Central Terminal so all the sites are within an easy walk or a subway ride away. I would consider staying at this hotel again if deals were available but definitely not if charged full price.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good Hotel would repeat on next trip	We stayed in the Grand Hyatt four nights (17Jun-21Jun) and New York was the first of four cities we visited. I only have 4 faults with this hotel: 1-On a first inspection of the room we found the shower curtain covered with mould. Advised staff of problem and went out to eat, when we returned almost two hours later the problem had not been resolved, it took two more visits to the hotel staff in person before they finally changed the curtain. 2-The only hotel in my visit to the states that did not have a coffee maker in the room, a great inconvenience in the mornings.3-Lacks a small refrigerator to keep fresh water and snacks 4-Internet and local calls should be included in the price of the room . Apart from these three discrepancies this is a grand hotel, staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and courteous, room is clean and spacious.	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice but needs renovation	In the winter time Grand Hyatt is great to stay at since it has a direct passage that links it to Grand Central. That way you never have to go outside to get to the subway or trains. But the rooms are getting a little old and dirty. our last stay here we had to keep the bathroom door closed because to the mildew odor coming from it. We called and complained but were told that there were no more rooms available. Isn't that always the excuse? But the location of the hotel is excellent. In the summer time the restaurant &quot;Pershing Square&quot; (i think it is the name) across the street and in front of Grand Central's main entrance has outside street tables set up which is really nice.So, I would probably stay here again since after last time we complained with a letter and actually got hotel management to call and advise us that when we return to ask for him and he would make sure everything was great. Overall it is a nice hotel, in a great location, a little bit pricey (but everything in NY is getting that way) just in need of a little spring cleaning and sprucing up.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great staff disappointing room nice location.	A great beginning-our rooms were not yet ready, so the man at the bell desk soothed our travellers' wearines with a round of complimentary drinks. Once settled in our rooms, the heater inexplicably came on. Repairman was there in minutes, although the option of a room change was offered. Business offerings like high speed, executive suite, etc were up to par, but in room usb charging staions would be a great addition in these days of handhelds and smart phones.Hated the extra-cost fitness center- laid out an extra $25 for sweat-glistening exercise equipment, in a badly ventilated room.Over the near-riot continental breakfast, my clients found we had all been serenaded by the amorous newlyweds next door. Nice if you're invited to the party, but annoying if you're not.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great service!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a week in July, and we had a lovely stay! The location of the hotel is just right, within walking distance of places like madison/lexington/park avenue and also within close proximity to central park and times square. And as Central Station is only next door the subway is also very close by. We were greeted by a very sweet and helpful member of staff at the front desk when we checked in, and she was very accommodating when I asked for a quiet room without connecting doors. And when I came to realize that my booking only included breakfast for one of us, she checked with her manager and then gave me six additional breakfast vouchers. I found her helpfulness and service to make a great first impression and like other people have written on this page, when the service is so great it doesn't really matter if the rooms are a little bit dated. We will return for sure!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location - good service	We stayed there for 5 nights and I have to say the location is pretty perfect. Right on Grand Central Terminal, 10 mins walk to Times Sqaure - gernerally a great base for exploring the city. Rooms are good, bathroom was on the small side but clean. Service was always good. Would reccomend this hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	Had a fantastic stay	As always before heading somewhere I come to this forum to check out the reviews. Looking at the reviews of the Grand Hyatt I started to get a little discouraged. It spoke of small rooms, lack of customer service, noisy and no hot water. Well I must say I encountered none of these factors. My flight was 10 late but upon arriving &quot;Melissa&quot; checked us in with smiles. I had let her know that my luggage was lost my flight had been delayed 10 hours and things just weren't going right. She promptly gave myself and my family a large back of toothpaste, deodorant, combs, mouthwash, and many FREE coffee coupons for starbucks which is in the lobby. She introduced me to the bellman who filled out a form so when my luggage was to be delivered to the hotel it would be sent right up. She also upgraded us to a larger room but that wouldn't be ready until the next morning. As promised by 11 the next day we had the larger room as promised and our luggage as there and life was good. Every morning we were greeted by smiles and our nights were restful no noise from any of the rooms and the hotel was pretty full. The shower pressure was strong and hot we were on the 28th floor. Now the rooms are smaller than other Hyatts but hey its NYC and larger by that standard. When you check in just ask if a larger room is available because they do vary with the same specifications you may request. The first night we had 2 dbl beds and the room and bathroom was small for the three of us but would be fine for 2 people. The room we went into the next day was perfect again with the 2 dbl beds. I just felt that I needed to write this so that you arrived less worried after reading the previous reviews. We were there for 5 nights and it was in walking distance to all of the attractions. The train station is right next door which offers shops, food and great people watching. On a the corner is a store that is open 24hrs where you can get water, juice, snacks, film underwear, etc and get anything you may have left at home. The area is safe. Now I will say that the room service was a little more pricey for what i usually pay. I like breakfast in the morning and I am use to the service fees and price per person but the Grand Hyatt was so high that I just stepped outside and went elsewhere. Hey you are in NYC there are many places to grab a meal... When returning to NYC I will always stay here!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent location	We had a king size room with a rollaway bed for our daughter. Room was spacious, bed was comfortable, aircon worked fine, room was clean, fresh towels daily. I was surprised there wasn't a kettle to make a cup of tea or coffee but other than that we liked it. The location was really central. Approx 15 min walk from Times Square - what more could you want? The foyer, although impressively large, needs a bit of updating, it's very brass/gold eighties finish. I guess that it would take lots and lots of money to do this though as it's so bit and as the economy is bleak I'm assuming that it's not top of their hit list to do. The only negative I would say is the prices on the menu are ridiculous. It was $15 for a bowl of cereal and about the same for fresh fruit. Needless to say we didn't eat in the hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice Birthday experience	As soon as we waked into the lower lobby, my son thanked me for booking us such a great place. He has been to nicer hotels but loved this lobby area. With all the stone, beautiful lighting, bling, etc the common areas of the hotel are very nice.Between the fact we were staying on points and the hotel was sold out, our expectations were low. Almost immediately we were delighted by our checkin staff member Jillian G. who saw we were 3, asked what the occasion was (my birthday) and then proceeded to make sure we had a comfortable room. It was a 2 room suite with 2 flat screens, so we were very pleased. Right after our arrival, Jillian had Guest Services delivered some chips and salsa and a bottle of wine. This was a very nice touch.On the down-side, the bathroom was typically NYC small, the walls are a bit thin and the room had just a hint of wear, but as much as I travel this is very common these days. The room was clean &amp; roomy, the staff was very friendly, the localtion is very good and we wanted for nothing during our stay.	
Jul 4 2009 	Large boxy room thin walls	Ask for rooms without connecting doors - they were so thin I heard the entirety of &quot;Marley &amp; Me&quot; from the next room at 1amRooms are large and very 1980s.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Great Great location!!! ... and the hotel is OK :)	Used to live in this hotel for several days in June 2009. It was my first trip to New York and all i needed was the city itself, you know: views, walks, etc. The hotel was a 100% hit! The hotel's location was amazing!!! Beautiful Grand Central is adjacent to the hotel with direct corridor between them! Short walk to a very inspiring and intimate Bryant park, 10 minutes to Times Square, 4 minutes to Fifth Ave, etc. etc. etc.The rooms were more than just OK, but i should admit - not exceptional. Small bath tube, broken plunge. Asked service to mend it, they just took it out =) But this is a trifle in comparison to a price you pay for the location.Recommend this place to tourists who can survive without Ritz-Carlton =)	
Jul 1 2009 	Jeremy is VERY kind!!! Great service before I even stepped in the door	I haven't even made it there yet and Jeremy, Front Desk manager, already offered me great service. Ic alled at 5:10 on July 1 to ask for a small upgrade and if they could accomadate since my wife and I have not been alone and away from the kids in 9 years. By 5:22PM, jeremy called back and offered an upgrade to a Suite. he was very kind and genuine and I just had to write a review before I even stepped in the door.This shows some great committment to service and anyone should look at this if you want to feel welcome. Thanks Jeremy for your great and caring hospitality.Marc	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location and exceptional service	As a solo traveler, I found the Grand Hyatt in New York to be at a convenient location that offered any traveler the leisure of being able to access any point in New York without much difficulty.Being next to Grand Central Station, walking distance to Times Square and around the corner from Fifth Avenue, the Grand Hyatt is located at the right spot for those who want to sight-see and those that want to shop. While the rooms at the Grand Hyatt require some updating, the staff were exceptionally accommodating in providing prompt and courteous customer service and went beyond themselves to provide a warm and friendly atmosphere, notwithstanding the discounted room price that I had acquired through PriceLine.com.In my opinion, the Grand Hyatt in New York offers and excellent location to discover New York City, good value and an exceptional customer service policy.	
Jun 30 2009 	Yikes... a waste of money.	This hotel is not even close to being a 5 star hotel. While the lobby is beautiful, it is truly deceptive. The rooms are pretty standard. While they have large T.V.'s. they also lack coffee makers or bar fridges. I have stayed at hole in the wall Super 8 motels that have both of these ammenities. The shower was moldy and smelled like urine, the maid service really failed at giving it a proper cleaning. The walls are thin making it easy to hear others on the floor. Room service is horribly expensive, as is everything else within the hotel. The worst part of our stay were the bed bugs we left with. After complaining to the front desk they informed us that others had complained of the bed bugs as well. They offered no compensation even after seeing the amount of bites on our arms and legs. This is a horrible hotel and should be avoided at all costs.	
Jun 29 2009 	Everything you could possibly you could need for your trip.	I can't say enough how great it was to stay in this hotel. The staff was more than accomodating and they were always eager to help. It started from the time of check in. The guy standing next to the check in machines wouldn't even take a tip after he had been so helpful with us. The hotel couldn't have a better location. You are so close to time square, but still far enough that you don't feel overwhelmed with the crowds. It is connected to grand central station so you can be anywhere you want in the matter of minutes.	
Jun 27 2009 	Passing grade maybe worth half-price (maybe)	I'm staying at this hotel right now. I got a solid deal off Pricegrabber, which considering the location - makes it worthwhile even if it was a rat infested dormatory. It's not nearly that bad, but you'd be disappointed if you paid anything close to rack rates. Here's why I'm not impressed:Rooms are noisy - walls are paper thin, can hear phone conversations of next door neighbors. It sucks, bring earplugs, problem solved.Bathroom has some nice products, but definitely showing some age. Shower pan is cracked/nasty at edges, reminded me of a nasty college shower. Maid service is good, however, everything is wiped clean.No view from my room - they've got loads of interior-ish facing rooms that are basically worthless for a view. Once again, fine if you're paying 30-40% of rack rate, not if you've ponied up the big bucks.Location is good, but not great - not many lines connect to Grand Central, and I've found myself walking a fair amount to get to most of the fun places. What do you expect for Midtown East? Very functional, not much charm.I paid less to stay at the Hilton up on 57th last year - which had a much nicer room. It was a bit smaller, but much more sophisticated and well-finished. Location was also a bit more desirable, steps from Central Park, Letterman's studio, etc.	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice hotel Better choices in NYC if you pay full price	I will start by saying that I scored this hotel on Priceline for a great deal. So from my perspective, it was a great deal. But if you pay the advertised rates, not so much.Location: Midtown at Grand Central Station. You can access the hotel from the station. Its a great starting point for getting around the city.Check in: When I arrived, there was a long line at the front desk. no one used the convenient self check in terminals. Not sure why. Bypass the line! You can get your key from the machine, request a king size bed and enter your Hyatt old Passport number right there. If you want to interact with a person, be prepared to wait.Room: OK. Flat screen TV, nice bed, great view of the city. The bathroom was a letdown. I still don't know why a hotel will pay thousands of dollars to build out a room and neglect fixtures in the bathroom and the physical plant. It took a long time to get hot water in the shower and this was a lazy Saturday. Not sure how bad it would be on a business day when everyone is getting int he shower between 7:00 and 8:00 AM. The pull for the shower was very stiff. You may need help if you have arthritis. Amenities: This is a full-service hotel, so they have everything and you have to pay for everything. Internet in the business center is not cheap nor is the in-room internet. Breakfast from room service costs a fortune. Save yourself money. Go down the street to a nice deli for breakfast. Many of them have an internet cafe as well.Overall, it was a nice place. The staff was very friendly and helpful. At what i paid on Priceline, this was definitely a good value. Not sure I would pay $200+ per night for this place. For those prices, I think you have better options.	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice location little pricey	Very good location across from grand central station, first time in NY the rooms were a little pricey about 280, also when i checked in they gave me a smokers room (don't check in on the kiosk) did have the family package which gave you free breakfast and 15% food and drinks, beers are 8.50, you have to pay 10$ for the internet, nice lobby and entrance but the rooms are not great, stay for the location not the rooms or the price. very nice gym	
Jun 20 2009 	about what one would expect for a 4-star Priceline NYC hotel	Which is to say &quot;not a whole lot!&quot; Moldy trim below shower door. Curtains which permitted too much daylight when drawn. No coffeemaker in room. No glasses or cups in room. Meh. I am in NYC about 6x annually, and this was very average. That said, $120 on Priceline in NYC doesn't leave much of an argument. Almost forgot ... the ABSOLUTE WORST smelling soap and shampoo I have ever encountered. A scent which was a cross between commercial disinfectant and that of a urinal cake. GROSS!	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Value and location	Stayed for 5 nights in late June on vacation. This hotel was selected for me via Priceline bidding at a MUCH reduced rate (~130/night), otherwise I'd probably rate this a 3 star. I requested a 'quiet room', king bed, and no smoking room. I was obliged on all accounts. Arrived at noon and they held our bags for free until we returned later in the day. Easy check in, courteous staff. A bit small, but it is N.Y. If I had pain full price I might be a bit turned off by the room size though. Bathroom was very tiny and had an odd smell, but had granite sink top and Kholer faucets. There was an odd clunking sound in the walls that was 'the plumbing valves' we were told. As i'm a light sleeper I was worried about this, but it did not affect sleeping at all. The decor was modern, though our room's carpet was extremely worn and had a large gum spot. Nice 42&quot; plasma TV. Bed was very comfortable. Concierge was clutch for booking an outstanding value restaurant on short notice. Being on Central station it is EASY to navigate around the entire city. Really, go ANYWHERE takes 15-20 tops in Manhattan. I'd stay here again for the Priceline price, but not the full room rate of $360+,you could do better i'm sure. Pros: great priceline price, great location, attentive staff, relatively clean facilities Cons: Small room size and bathroom for face value, odd clunking noise in bathroom wall	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel Excellent Location	I've been at the Grand Hyatt for my second time.Excellent room at the 30th Floor, very clean, excellent bed, comfortable, quiet.I also experience a suite at 33rd Floor, with two bathroom, and all you need for an excellent stay.Nice Staff, and my special thanks to Jorge Lazo, who make me feel at home, a very special person who makes all to give you the best at your visit to this Hyatt.I knew Jorge at the Hyatt Regency Miami,in 1995, and now he is at NYC, and I wanna make a very special mention for his incredible touch of warm and efficient work for my reservations and all my needs at a new visit to New York City. I also have access to the Gd Club, for breakfast and Evening H. d'Evre, excellent food, beverages , so once again Hyatt give me more than any other Hotel.Thank you, hope to be back soon.	
Jun 18 2009 	location is tops	Myself and my partner had a long weekend at the Hyatt, booked the hotel thru priceline for 87 per night, which is about a fair reflection to be honest, its location would be hard to better, being next door to Grand Central station, indeed you can access the hotel from the concourse of the station.Rooms are clean, bathroom is ok, large screen LCD with the usual channels, however no ESPN!! Don`t expect a view from your room here as it is overlooked on all sides despite being a consdierable size itself! My only real complaint was that you can hear the slightest noise from the room next door thru the &quot;joining door&quot; indeed i had to ring the main desk after being woken at 3 am by two returning guests next door on consecutive nights, however they were alot quieter on the third night.I can`t comment on the food or the bar scene at the hotel as i didn`t once bother em, i prefer the &quot;real&quot; New York&quot; eating and drinking experience.On the whole it was as expected, no better, no worse.Give Smith &amp; Wollensky`s on 3rd Ave, a wide bearth, my 4th and final visit this trip, it is trading on past glories and is too stuffy for my liking, tip less than 20% and they won`t even acknowlege you leaving!! a better bet is about 10 blocks north, PJ Clarkes, a really friendly bar, mixed clientele, food available til 3am and the Maryland Crabcakes are exceptional, the olde world bar and the jukebox to match make it a perfect hang out	
Jun 13 2009 	Great location and what you would expect from a large hotel.	I booked the Hyatt as part of a deal through Virgin Holidays. At check-in, I we were both given 'coffee cards' which entitled us to a complimentary coffee, tea or bottled water each morning from the kiosk in the lobby. This was great as it was Starbucks Coffee and there were also other snack items on offer. We only took the free coffee though as being next to Grand Central Terminal, everything you could ever want is there. From Bagel bars to Hale &amp; Hearty Soups, to Pizza and Chinese (although you might not want Chinese for breakfast!) Having arrived at Room 1663 (on the 16th Floor if you hadn't already guessed it) we were surprised to find such a large 2 double bedded room after reading some of the previous reviews on here. There was plenty of room for two guys who had packed far more clothes than was required for our 5 day trip. There was a more than ample writing desk, a large widescreen LCD TV, an iPod docking station, safe and much needed air conditioning. The bathroom wasn't overly huge but then who needs it? The only minus point for the bathroom was that the shower curtain had mildew on the inside which was off-putting.The beds were very comfortable and sleep was no problem whatsoever. I had the bed next to the aircon vent which if you're a light sleeper you might want to turn down or off at night. As for other noise which has been previously mentioned, I couldn't hear it! We couldn't hear any of our neighbours and barely heard housekeeping outside in the corridor either.Overall, the Grand Hyatt is what you would expect from an International Group and shouldn't disappoint with its facilities.There is a very handy 'Duane Reade' across the street (Chrysler Building) which sells bottled water, confectionary, pharmacy items, magazines etc, basically anything you've forgotten to pack.A short walk gets you most places like 5th Avenue, Times Square and the Rockefeller Center. I would recommend the Sightseeing Bus though as walking from one place to another can get pretty tiring as I found out - we did NOT take the bus!If all you need is a clean, decent sized room, a good location and the knowledge that you have a decent brand behind you then you can't go far wrong with the Hyatt.We took a Limo from JFK to the hotel which and returned to JFK in a Sedan. However, a NYC Taxi has a flat rate of $45 to JFK plus the customary tip of course. The guys on the doors at the hotel are fab and will help with luggage. We checked out at 1pm after requesting to keep the room on and after that we stored our luggage with the Bell desk. Be warned that a $2 per item is charged for storage so might be a good idea to try and avoid storing too much.Didn't eat in the restaurant but did enjoy the bar on a couple of nights for a nightcap where the staff are very friendly and helpful.Checkout was automatic and smooth - you don't have to queue!Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 11 2009 	An okay hotel that should be better	As a travel agent, I stay in hotels all over the world. I would not book this hotel for a client. The best thing about the Hyatt, outside of the stylish lobby (although the furniture in it is very uncomfortable) is its location adjacent to Grand Central Terminal. There are easy subway connections to everywhere in the city and a nice food court in the terminal to offset the outlandish food prices in the hotel. The standard room is quite small but adequate. There was a great view weest on 42nd street from the room. Internet is $10 per day which is not bad for a business hotel (of course many chains now offer it free). The room came equipped with only five hangers and no soap for the bathtub. I called to have soap delivered and it never came. Later that night I called for soap and hangers (we had clothes laid out on the bed and therefore couldn't go to sleep) and was told they would be right up. After 40 minutes, I called again. The hangers and soap finally arrived. The following day after the room was cleaned, we were left with one hand towel and one washcloth. The ice bucket was not refreshed and was sitting filled with water from melted cubes. The shower curtain hung off its hooks in four or five places. Upon check-out we had to store bags for a few hours. The Hyatt charges two dollars a bag for storage. This costs them nothing and is really a cheezy way to make money. Although these are small issues, they go to the quality of a hotel and its care for its guests. There are far better hotel choices in NYC at this price point.	
Jun 8 2009 	XMAS AT THE GRAND HYATT DEC 08	A comfortable family room , modern finishes ,excellent location, you save on cab fare being attached to Grand Central Terminal. Also good places to eat at the terminal.They however do not have a coffee machine in the rooms so you need to buy &amp; I found myself paying bet $6-$8 for a cuppa!Within easy walking distance to theatres and attractions.Also got a good deal by booking on the hotel website.I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 6 2009 	How is a lost umbrella worth $100???	The selling point for this hotel is it's location, which is convenient to most things in NY. The room size was on the average to large side, and although wallpaper was peeling and it was a bit dingy, the white (i.e. clean) comforter and comportable mattress meant I got a good night's sleep.Two issues - I ordered a bottle of water from room-service. It ended up costing over $20. It was 1 liter of Aquafina (later learned $1.49 at Duane Read across the street) and was $12 + $5 delivery fee + tax and automatic gratuity.Even worse, however, is that it was raining during my stay and I needed to borrow an umbrella. There are none in the rooms, and the bell men won't give any out. You have to get in line (with the people checking in and out) at the front desk, and then they will let you borrow one only after putting a $100 charge on your room! If you return the umbrella, they take the charge off - if not, you pay the $100. I said, &quot;so what if I acidentally leave it at the restaurant&quot; and they said it would be a $100 mistake. I'm sorry, but this is offensive and absurd. Although it would be tacky, I could live with them charging me the actual cost of the umbrella (I'm sure less than $10 in bulk from China) if I don't return it. What I can't understand is how and why they would expect $100???	
Jun 5 2009 	Stay here - the best location	We were originally intending to stay in Chelsea but due to hotel complications we were switched to the Grand Hyatt at the last minute. This proved to be a happy ending after all. The location is great. I would highly recommend anyone visiting New York to base themselves here. The hotel, although quite large has great customer service. We were upgraded at check in and then moved to an even larger room the next day without even asking. The only complaints I would have is that there was no fridge or coffee facilities in the room and the plumbing was quite noisy. Apart from that it was great ! It also felt very safe walking around this area at night - always lots of people around.	
Jun 3 2009 	Best location in NYC!	This hotel has everything! It attached to Grand Central Station. I stayed on the 31st floor which is the club floor. The lounge has a complimentary breakfast, in the evening hors d'oeuvre and desserts from 8pm to 10pm. The bathrooms are tiny. So if you need a large bathroom, stay away.	
May 29 2009 	Much better than last time	Unlike my last stay (see earlier negative review), this one was much better because: (1) there was a reading lamp next to the chair in the room; (2) there was a new flat panel TV screen in the room, although the movie system didn't have the clearest picture...kind of 'fuzzy'; (3) the room was very clean/the housekeeping staff was friendly; and (3) aided perhaps by the self-check-in kiosks, the check-in experience was fast and friendly. The lobby is still an anthill (owing to great central location), but they've organized the people flow better and I appreciated the complimentary coffee coupons. The only discordant notes this time around? The stiff pricing of the room service menu, especially in the context of the sometimes long hold times in getting through to room service on the phone (but the operators were always very friendly).	
May 28 2009 	Hotel Lacks Many Amenities	We stayed 5 days and nights at this hotel. The bathroom is very small and the hot water very slow. I did not find the bed at all comfortable--it sort of tilted to the side. The lobby is very grand and nice and the doormen and bellhops very accommodating as well as the receptionist. I found the food very pricey even for New York. The hotel is in a good location, though, to be fair and the room was clean but the bed and lack of dressing mirror was not good. I don't think I would stay here again.	
May 28 2009 	Very convenient	We go to NYC every Christmas arriving Christmas Day &amp; departing New Year's Eve. We have stayed at the Grand Hyatt Christmas 2007 &amp; 2008. Our first trip was very positive; we celebrated our 25th anniversary and the Hyatt upgraded us. Last holiday season we got a taste of a regular room: pretty typical small NYC hotel room. Cleanliness was not up to Hyatt standards the last trip. Obvious that room had not been vacuumed &amp; not all bathroom amenities were present; we had to ask for some. Last year I did notice bare spots in elevator carpets &amp; lobby furniture looked v. tired. Also, no in-room coffee. Have to use small kiosk in lobby to buy it, and lines can get v. long. How frustrating. I did write the manager about the above complaints &amp; never received a response; expected to hear since we are Hyatt &quot;frequent stayers&quot; membersPositive: Staff very friendly and helpful. Short, indoor walk to Grand Central Station where almost all trains &amp; subways can be found including 3 minute shuttle to Times Square. Also some wonderful shops and nice restaurants. Pretty lobby with waterfall.We will probably stay there again since the location is so convenient for us to catch the subways, and I'm hoping the Grand Hyatt will be up to Hyatt standards this year.	
May 28 2009 	Awesome Experience	The hotel is in a great location just a short stroll along 42 nd Street toTimes Square where all the action is. The foyer is sensational, room service was great. The rooms were roomy and very clean and the bed was to die for. I have recommended this hotel to other travellers. It certainly started my travel experience off on a good start.Satisfied Aussie Traveller	
May 26 2009 	Great stay at the Grand Hyatt!	I booked the Grand Hyatt through the name your own price on priceline. Paid $133/night. Couldn't ask for more in NYC for that price. Amazing location, grand lobby, quick check in, quick elevators, super comfortable bed, no issue with late check out and very clean &amp; updated rooms. The walls are a bit thin and the rooms are smaller than other cities, but it's NYC - small rooms are to be expected (and I've seen much smaller). At $133/night, this was an incredible deal that I would recommend to anyone.	
May 25 2009 	Pricey Clean 	Check-in was very quick and smooth and I received a double room. The rate was reasonable for NYC but still too high. The room was small but was quiet and comfortable. The bed was comfortable. Lighting in the room was good. The work desk was large and the office-style chair functional and comfortable. There was a flat screen TV. The TV was had a lot of cable channels as well as a wide selection of pay-per-view movies. The bathroom was clean. Lighting was good, the towels were plentiful, and the shower worked well  immediate hot water with plenty of pressure. Bath amenities include shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and mouthwash.The hotel public areas were clean and well-kept, but could use an updating to the style of the rooms. There are some restaurants within a few minutes of the hotel. We ate at a diner on 42nd and 3rd. It was okay. There are many fast food outlets on the bottom floor of Grand Central Station. I recommend checking them out for variety, price and convenience. During our stay in Manhattan we also stayed at the Affina Dumont on 34th and Lexington. For visits to Manhattan, I prefer either the Affinia Dumont and/or Residence Inn, Times Square for better value - larger room, kitchenette, quiet, variety of eating choices, and location. While the Grand Hyatt is a very good property and has a convenient location, it's price and small rooms are were not a good value for me.	
May 16 2009 	Great room great location great rate.	Stayed in Room 2184 for four nights in early May. Asked for a quiet room and got one. Very impressed with the size of the room, particularly in New York City. Nice flat screen tv, ample desk and chair, sitting chair and ottoman, king bed, two nightstands and still plenty of room. Window opened, too, with a peek-a-boo view of the street. The closet was huge, more like a dressing room than a closet. The bathroom was fine, not a lot of counter space, but shelves on the wall and under the sink made it work. Paid $237 for the first two weeknights and $189 for last two weekend nights, booked at the hotel's website. Location can't be beat. Connects to Grand Central shops, restaurants, etc. without even going outside. Free tour of Grand Central on Fridays at 12:30 meets right across street at Whitney Museum at Altria Sculpture Court. Also shops right out the door. Only item wished for was a coffee maker in the room. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 16 2009 	Paying For Location	This hotel is what you'd expect from a hotel in Manhattan. Very small and very expensive. What you're paying for here is the location, and the location is pretty good. You're right at Grand Central Station so you can get where you're going quickly. This hotel was not as nice as other Hyatt's I've stayed at, but it was good enough.	
May 15 2009 	Wonderful location but need to pay for almost everything	I stayed in Grand Hyatt New York for 8 nights from 5/1 to 5/9. It's my first time to stay in New York. The lobby is amazing. The location is wonderful. It's true. Just near by the grand central terminal. It's good and safe for foreigners, especially for Asian, when we went back to hotel at late night. We don't have to walk for a while from the nearest station. The room inside is also good. A little old, but, looks good enough, at least, in Manhattan...Oh, fortunately, the beds are really good. It's also good for people who have serious jet lag, such like me. (When it's 5pm in New York, it's 5am in Taipei. )But, there has one thing I'm disappointed with. That is, we need to pay for almost everything. For example, I need to pay for breakfast, wireless internet access, ... Even for the bisness center, I still needed to pay...It won't be happened in most hotels in Asia. Only one thing is free for room guests, that's fitness center. And, there had no hot water in rooms either, if I want to have hot tea by myself. And, there has another minor thing I might need to complain. I had 2 different bookings, one is from 5/1 to 5/8, another is 5/8 and the check out date is 5/9. Before checking in, I asked the front desk that, if I should do anything for the 2 different bookings? For example, should I check-in again on 5/8? They said, I don't have to do anything. But, that truth is, our room cards were expired on 5/8 and we had to check-in again on 5/8. Fortunately, the front desk at that night was very nice. She is a black woman, but I don't know her name. Oh, about the noise, yes, it's a litttle noisy there, especially at night. And, the wall is truly thin as paper...Well, so the keypoint would be the service and location. For me, I might stay again there because I think the service from the front desk is not so bad.	
May 14 2009 	Great Hotel Large Clean Rooms	My husband and I stayed here on our long weekend trip to NY and were very pleased with the hotel. The hotel is huge, and has a large, really pretty lobby. The staff were helpful, the rooms were fairly large, and the beds were comfortable. We enjoyed our stay here.	
May 14 2009 	Terrible accounting. Good luck if you need a receipt after your stay.	My company participated in an event and getting the receipts for the charges post-event have been beyond ridiculous. No one returns calls or emails. The company Hyatt uses for their accounting has NO CLUE what is going on. They aren't tied into the on-property system so are useless. You get passed around from one person to another and since their is no follow up, you're screwed. Too bad because seems like the property is pretty nice, but good luck on getting receipts after the fact.Will never recommend this property for doing an event.	
May 13 2009 	Best Location EVER Street noise a bit much.	This was our third trip to NYC this year and booked this hotel on Hotwire for $149/nt for 5 nights. There is no better location as this literally sits above Grand Central Station at 42nd and Lexington. The Chrysler Building is also on the same block. As you enter the lobby you are greeted by a very large airy space with gold columns and lots of plants. Once you get to the top of the escalator in the main lobby a helpful doorman greets you and the concierge's desk is right there to the left. The check-in staff was amazing. They pointed out all the restaurants in the hotel then gave us several suggestions for breakfast in the morning within a couple blocks the hotel. The rooms we booked were on the 21st floor and each had 2 double beds, a safe, desk, large closet, a long window that actually opened and small bathroom with next to no room to put your toiletries. The alarm clock is also an ipod dock which was great. We missed not having a small fridge however. Overnight street noise was our only complaint! Even 21 floors up the all-night honking or horns and over-zelous horn and siren operators of the NYPD and NYFD made nights tough. Night 2 however was much different, I wore earplugs. Room service is very expensive as are the restaurants within the hotel. There is a 24hr Duane Reade right across the street for a quick/cheap beer run. All staff we associated with were a delight and very helpful. Hope this helps you decide. We are definitely staying here next time, just because of the location alone. We always get the 7-Day Unlimited Subway pass for $25 so this location is ideal for us to get to Columbus Circle, Union Square, Bowling Green, you name it.	
May 12 2009 	no privacy what so ever	The walls in this hotel are paper thin, you can hear everything that is going on in the next room. Two nights out of our 5 night stay we were repeatedly awakened by people in the next room. Could not have appetizers only in the dining room.	
May 11 2009 	Great location OK hotel	The hotel location is fantastic. For NYC the value of this hotel might be just fine. When I checked in early, I spent the day wondering around and came back to find out that the room they set aside had been given away already. The negative parts to this hotel was the room we were in smelled a bit musty, the clock was an hour off (this was not around daylight savings time either), the caulk in the tub was moldy, and there was not a fan in the bathroom. The furniture also was surprisingly frayed. However we could open the windows which helped circulate the air a bit. Again, if you are in NYC chances are you are not spending a lot of time in your hotel room, and maybe it was just our room. I was expecting a little more from a Hyatt. The concierge was wonderful, and again the location has you accessible to many of the sites.	
May 9 2009 	Would absolutely recommend to a friend...	Just returned having spent 4 nights at the Grand Hyatt, impressive hotel from exterior and lobby. Room was spacious, upgraded us to a deluxe king, very comfy bed although room itself could do with some updating. Had no difficulty whatsoever with noise as we were located on the 16th floor overlooking a roof terrace. Location is A1 and with very friendly staff. Would suggest having breakfast outside of the hotel at one of the many streetside diners/cafes - fabulous selection with fresh fruit bowls etc very healthy! had drinks at hotel bar on one night, quite expensive so resolved to visit the local pubs thereafter which were much more of the norm in price. Would definitely stay at this hotel again for comfort and especially for location.	
May 9 2009 	No frills but hard to beat	I've stayed here a few times over the last couple of years. Its true that the rooms are a little tired but I've not had a bad stay there. The rooms are big (particularly by New York standards) and clean, the service is efficient and everyone does what they're supposed to do and the location is hard to beat. I don't normally go out much in the area but it is very central and has good connections on the Subway.Nothing flash but what it does it does well.	
May 7 2009 	Good hotel	Pro: location, large room, cleanCons: internet access $10/day, a bit noisy, a bit too expensive We booked through a promo $240/night pre-paid non-refundable. I knew the hotel, I paid previously $400/night and swear I would not return. But for $240 was acceptable (I had to do the booking in a rush). Room was fine this time. I hate when they request a lot of money for internet access, seems like a luxury. HELLO!!! it should be like electricity nowadays! Imagine paying a fee per day for electricity...	
May 7 2009 	Great...with a good deal!	We just got back from the Grand Hyatt. I had booked a room through Priceline for a great price. When we arrived (3 pm) our room was still not ready, so we had to leave the bags at the bellboy who charges a 2$ fee per bag. Now, I've been to a lot of hotels around the world, but it's the first time ever, I have to pay for leaving my bags. Could be a specific New York or US thing...honestly it had been a while since I was in the US.So, anyway...the fact the room wasn't ready didn't bother us a lot as the hotel is superbly located at Grand Central Station where you can take subway lines taking you to virtually all of New York City (lines 4 and 5 are great, lexington express line getting you uptown and downtown in 15 minutes. The Times Square Shuttle evenly great, takes you in about 5 min. to Times Square). Not interested in the subway? Not a problem, it took us 5 minutes by foot to 5th avenue and another 10 to Times Square.We got our room at 4pm (as promised by the very friendly receptionist!). We received a Deluxe King which is slightly bigger than standard room. The room is nice but could need a little make over (old carpet, old furniture, etc.). The bathroom, however, DEFINITELY needs a serious update. It's not worth a 4* at all!We never took room service (waaaaay too expensive + you've got all you need on the streets). We took once the breakfast buffet (30$). It is not worth it! I would rather give this money to a cosy diner (there are a few around the hotel).What's interesting though, is the fact that you've got a starbucks stand located right in the lobby of the hotel. Very convenient should you want a quick coffee + muffin on the go in the event you are in a hurry.The conclusion is that if you can get a good deal on the internet (not more that 150$) then, it's definitely worth it (considering the high prices of the hotels in NY) otherwise, there are better hotels in NY if you are willing to pay the full price for.	
May 6 2009 	You almost pay to breath	Very beautiful and well located hotel, beside the Grand Central Terminal. But, as a hotel that has a average price of U$ 250,00 p/ day, is difficult to understand why they charge the use of wi fi internet - 9,90 each 24hs and why I payed almost U$ 15,00 to receive a package with some clothes that my wife both. When I was doing my check out, I was worry if they where charging the air that I breathed during my stay.	
May 6 2009 	Convenient location	The hotel is a business class hotel, room was comfortable though may need a little upgrading especially the carpet, the size of the room more than make up the lack of space in the bathroom. Though its a very busy hotel, check-in &amp; check-out is a breeze, concierge is very helpful. Grand Central Station is connected to the hotel with a fantastic food hall where you can get great gourmet food. It is within easy walking distance to all the major tourist haunts.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Night in Manhattan	The staff was very friendly and helpful and the common areas were very beautiful. The hotel room was a good bit bigger than expected and was well appointed (although the style was rather minimalistic). The bathroom was a bit small, but was still sufficient; a mirror over the desk would have been helpful for my wife to put on her makeup.Upon check-in, I requested an upgrade from an &quot;executive queen&quot; room to a room with a king-size bed and the nice woman checking us in was happy to comply. Additionally, there were copious elevators, so there was never much of a wait (5 for floors lower than 25th, 5 for floors above the 25th floor). The workout room seemed to have lots of equipment and looked clean. We never had help with our luggage (it was offered several times, never forcefully) so I can't comment on the helpfulness of the bellhops.A couple of minor demerits: (A) the bed was not terribly comfortable because it transferred motion to my wife whenever I turned over during the night (but it was still passably comfortable...we have a very comfortable foam bed at home, so my expectations may have been too high); (B) The room was near the elevators and everytime one of them stopped at our floor, it would chime (this was very annoying at 2AM, so bring some ear plugs in case you are near the elevators or are a light sleeper). The only major downside to our trip was that parking was $57 per night (we decided to pay it to save time since we were only in town one night and also since we could take it up with the hotel if the car was damaged...which it was not!)Overall, the Grand Hyatt New York is a VERY NICE hotel and I would definitely stay there again if the price is right! (full disclosure: I got the hotel room through bidding on Priceline.com and the rate was only $105 per night + taxes and fees. If I had paid the rack rate, I would have expected a little bit more, but I would definitely lower my value score!)	
Apr 30 2009 	Grand MOTEL Hyatt	I had to wait for a couple of weeks before writing this review since I was too upset to be objective.What a stay: 10 days, just pain from first until last day. I am a Diamond member, I love Hyatt but this one exceeded my expectation in the disapointment section.Check-in: long waiting line, they installed automatic check-in machine like in airports but in 10 days I have never seen anyone using them.Room: Small, old and tired, awful bathroom, no space to put anything, my bed was 20 inches from the door (2 bed room), only positive bed was comfortable. Door closing mechanism is very noisy, door doean't close I could see through the door.Noise: As mentioned by other writers, if you want to sleep go elsewhere. This is a motel not a hotel. Student groups everywhere (Easter) partying all night. I had to threaten reception to call 911 for them to do something about it.Club lounge: nice but too small, too many people and no free alcohol not even a beer (5 USD++) the rooms are the same so don't bother to pay the USD 100+ difference between non club and club floor. Unhelpful staff, unless you want to book a show...tried to ask about check-in: NO, check-out: NO i.e. go down and queue like everyone elseStaff: never there, no one answering the phone unless it is 2 am and you cannot sleep because of noise.Location: the only real positive point, next to Grand central, easy North/South commutingCheck-out: can we stay until 15:00, no until 13:00, can I speak to manager, bla bla bla, Diamond member...who cares?I am not a specialist in NYC, rarely go there. I trusted the Hyatt brand, but it shouldn' t apply to this hotel. Sell it or close and refurbish, but please work on accoustic insulation.	
Apr 28 2009 	The perfect pre-Christmas getaway	We arrived by train for a four day rest. The weather was harsh, but, thank goodness for the Hyatt, we just wheeled our luggage through Grand Central Station and into our hotel. We were greeted as if we were old friends at check-in. The room was comfortable and quiet. Without having to go outdoors, we had an excellent steak dinner that evening in the Station. The next day, I was able to fill in on Christmas shopping from the enchanting holiday arts and crafts festival in the Station. Of course, in the remaining days,we also went to the theatre, and the Metropolitan Museum, and returned home agreed that we'll do the same thing next year. The Hyatt made it all easy and pleasant--it's the perfect way to visit New York!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Location	The location of the hotel is great i.e walking distance to most Broadway shows, times square and sight seeing pick up locations. Would recommend this as a place to stay for people who want to be out and about, the central location gives you a lot of flexibility to get anywhere.	
Apr 27 2009 	Perfect Location World Class Hotel	You know what you're getting with a prestigious brand which was our reason for booking the Hyatt - it delivered! Booked room only - U.S hotels are often like this but we didn't mind - rooms were really comfortable and tastefully decorated - pillow menu available etc and nice selection of bathroom freebies - hotel wasn't overtly design led or trendy so try elsewhere if you want this. I particularly liked the location - on Park Avenue - walking distance to everywhere! So easy to hail yellow taxis and a stones throw from Grand Central station which has a brilliant food hall and food market - you must check it out! Selling a great array of fresh produce, bakery and deli stuff etc. Had some great meals in NYC - notably Blue Smoke and Joe Allen - check out my restaurant reviews. Perfect hotel base for sightseeing.	
Apr 24 2009 	Avoid this one if you want an untroubled sleep	I've stayed @ Grand Hyatts all round the world - I'm normally exceptionally happy with the service etc. This week I was given the option of staying @ a W or a GH ... I always stay @ the W in NYC, so opted for 3 nights @ the GH instead.Boy, mistake.My room was directly opposite the elevators (avoid 2071). Noise all night and early morning -- including cleaning and security staff walkie talkies &quot;MORE TOILET ROLL REQUIRED ROOM 1923&quot; ... no one wants to be woken to that.The issue is, there's about 6 ft and thin door between the corridor and your bed.But that's not all. The walls and the interconnecting doors are paper thin. I could hear EVERY noise and conversation made by my heighbours on both sides. Their blackberry alarms rang @ 06:00 and 06:40 respectively each morning. SO clear were the rings, I thought it was my alarm tone in my room.Oh, rooms were very tired and on the bad side of run-down.AVOID.	
Apr 21 2009 	Good Service Hard to Justify the Price	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a conference in October 2008. With the conference rate, the room was still close to $350-400/night but I guess that goes with the territory since I could not find a cheaper room in the vicinity. The location could not be beat! I loved being right in the heart of midtown, right next to Grand Central Station. I walked all over the place any time I had a free moment. I felt that the hotel did a great job with the conference too...they were good at signage, room set-up, food, etc. Of course, this is my perception as an attendee, not a conference planner.The great service part: I arrived at 7am after a red-eye flight from the west coast. I was planning to drop my bags at the hotel and explore but thought it couldn't hurt to ask if I could check in early. The very friendly person who helped me asked if I would like to check in now, I did! She checked me into a room (with two beds instead of the one I requested, with apologies, but I was certainly not about to complain!). She also suggested that I join the Hyatt Gold club because it would entitle me to as many free coffee and tea coupons as I wanted for the cafe in the lobby. This was great because coffee and tea were several dollars a cup there and I had some each day. The so-so: The room was a fine size and had what I considered a great view, mostly of buildings but it all felt so New York for me who had only been to NY twice in my life before. My complaint was that it wasn't immaculately cleaned. There was dust on the counters and some light fixtures were tarnished. Internet access was an additional $10/day and I thought this should be included. These things shouldn't be a big deal but somehow, at NYC hotel prices, I expected perfection. This was not perfect. It was a good stay though and, again, the location was perfection.Service was great through and through.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location great value	Great hotel, great location and great value especially if you take advantage of the advance booking rates.	
Apr 18 2009 	Perfect location	We have stayed at the Grand Hyatt in New York on four different occasions . We typically take the train into New York arriving at Penn Station so the fact that this hotel is right next to Grand Central is extremely convenient. We enjoy taking the subway when we are in New York so the location is great. They have wonderful buffet breakfast ( a little pricey) but worth it. We typically stay on the club level, so you receive a continental breakfast with your room rate, they also have lite snacks (very lite) during the afternoon. We have not been there in the evening to enjoy the desserts, so I have no comment on that. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The hotel is just a short train ride from time square. My husband and I enjoy going into Grand Central having a coffee and just watching everyone. Great place to stay. Very easy to find and get back to when you have been out walking around.(Everyone knows where Grand Central is)remember it is right next door.	
Apr 17 2009 	Couldn't have picked a better hotel in New York for the money	It would be hard to imagine the New York experience getting much better than this. Rooms are massive, foyer is grand, terrific hotel all round.Great shoe shine out the front and a couple of blocks from the centre of NYC or the UN, Empire State and any number of other attractions. Walk to everywhere in NYC from here, and on top of Grand Central Station to boot.Terrific, email for details if required.	
Apr 12 2009 	Good location aging property	RECOMMENDED (price dependent): I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt several times in last 20 years. Hotel is well located for transit and getting around. Check-in was prompt and friendly and a room change was handled in a friendly manner. The property is in general good condition. Rooms are fairly large by NY standards and relatively quiet. Furnished updated and tasteful. Internet while not free, was only $10 a day. Negatives: our bathroom was quite tiny and with no shower illumination (meaning in the dark). No coffee or tea maker. Bedding is sub-par for a 4* property. Room service prices were out of mind. The 'net is this is a fine choice if you get a good deal, if you get stung by a high rate, there are likely other nearby choices you may wish to consider.	
Apr 12 2009 	Stay Here!	Just returned from a five night break at the Grand Hyatt. As the previous reviewer commented, the location is perfect, away from the manic bustle of Times Square but still within walking distance. We had a king deluxe room, only slightly more expensive than the basic package. The room (2736) was very spacious and spotlessly clean although the bathrooms in the hotel could probably do with an upgrade and there was no view. However, this did mean that the room was very quiet and we had no trouble with our neighbours. We have high standards and were pleasantly surprised with the hotel, expecially after reading some of the previous reviews. New York is very expensive as the exchange rate is dreadful but all things considered, we can't wait to return! A couple of tips - take the Staten Island ferry to see the Statue of Liberty as it is free and book any Broadway shows with the Box Office at the venue.	
Apr 12 2009 	Perfect location! Excellent service! Friendly staff! Just Beautiful!!	We just got back from a week in New York City and I couldn't wait to write a review about our stay there! First of all, we were extremely impressed with the city overall, from the airport (JFK) to the subways, to every little part of the city. It is a very clean and friendly city!! It was our first time there, we brought our two teenage children, and we all had a GREAT time! It was Easter week and toward the latter part of the week the city got crowded, especially Times Square, but still we were able to avoid the crowds for the most part. Which brings me to my review of the Grand Hyatt. Being as how we'd never been to NYC before, I thought that mYbe being closer to Times Square was the way to go, but NO! We found that the location of the Hyatt was absolutely perfect!!!!! It is next to Grand Central Station (which means that it is convenient to get to ANYWHERE in the city by taking the subway) but it is far enough from the ridiculous crowds in Times Square (which feels like Vegas)! We were always so happy to get back to our hotel at the end of each day. The lobby is BEAUTIFUL, the staff are really wonderful, and our room was great. The day we got there, the front desk attendant, Gordon, wrote out explicit directions for us to get a quick little self-guided tour of the city, from our hotel. It was such a great walk around in order to see some of the famous sites around, like Times Square, Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall. As soon as I saw Times Square, I was SOOOO happy that I didn't book a hotel in that area. Our hotel was convenient to everything you would want to see, with the added bonus of being like a respite from the chaos of the city. We loved it and can't wait to go back! We would definitely stay there again!!	
Apr 9 2009 	Wow	Great hotel, nice rooms and perfect location! Highly rec!	
Apr 9 2009 	Great NYC Hotel!	Check-in was great, and we were upgraded to the club level. The room was spacious by NYC standards and was clean. The linens were really nice and the bed comfortable. The bar was nice, though pricey, and was open late. Our only complaint was that someone in the room next to us left room service items in the hallway, and they were not cleaned up for several hours.	
Apr 8 2009 	Location location location	first visit to NYC and got a good deal on the Grand Hyatt. Being in the center of NYC and on Manhattan, it was perfect for us. Just perfect. And everybody were friendly, serviceminded and helpful. I would strongly recommend this hotel to everybody that asks. Only thing, (why only 4 stars on rooms) is that the room is rather small - of course you dont spend a lot of time in the room but it fitted the 2 double beds and a desk and that was it. But again, wonderful hotel.	
Apr 7 2009 	Decent but nothing special	This was my first stay at the GH in New York, and I was only there for 24 hours. However, these are my impressions. The hotel itself is very large, and as such, does not provide the &quot;personal&quot; style you get from smaller places (or other hyatts I have stayed at).I booked a deluxe king room and had a best room on the day guarantee (through platinum status). The room was very plain and faced out onto another part of the hyatt (no view at all). If that is one of the better deluxe rooms, then I do not think much of their room ratings. I may be a bit harsh, but I have assessed their rooms against other hyatts and 4.5/5 star hotelsThe gym is great, and I did not use room service. The front desk staff were very polite and helpful, but I could not believe that they charge a departing guest $2 per bag to hold your bags for you (maybe this is common in NYC, but I have never come across it elsewhere) - it's not the money that upset me, it was the principle.The location of the hotel was fantastic, making it an easy walk to Times Square and also being right on top of grand central station, so getting around on the train was very easy.	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect location when arriving in city by ground transportation.	When arriving at Grand Central it was great to be able to enter the hotel without having to leave the station on such a cold night. The service was excellent and room quiet considering it's location. The only negative is the bathroom toiletries...the scent is more like porta potty than the herbal fragrance they boast.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great stay with only a few issues.	I have to agree with others, the walls are RICE PAPER THIN. If it wasn't for the noise and issues with the bathroom I would have give the hotel 5 stars. The front desk was amazing, she was very accommodating and even upgraded us to a deluxe room. To be honest I didn't have high expectations because I got a GREAT DEAL through Priceline for $125.00 per night. I was treated as if I paid full price. The walls are thin and the noise from the street below at times kept me awake-so next time I will bring ear plugs. The location is wonderful and the hotel staff were all very pleasant. I will return next year.	
Apr 6 2009 	Fantastic location very good hotel	After reading all the reviews we were a bit worried about this hotel. But, we spent 7 night there and:- the room was very big, confortable and clean, the bed was Hyatt standard, the bathroom was a bit small ( for NYC standard not so small..); the room was facing the Crysler Building and was very quiet;- the lobby is big and nice, Starbuck is in the lobby so we had our breakfast there each morning- the people at the Concierge are very nice and helpful- room service is good - we tryed it twice as we were very tired - the food was good and they prepared us also things not in the menu in 20th minutes- the location is really fantastic: The Grand Central Station, with all the very good restaurants, is some steps from the hotel; the 5th avenue is really near; Broadway is just three bust stops form the hotelOverall we are satisfied and we will be back again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Excellent Site for Business Meetings Guest Room Walls are PAPER Thin!	I held an event at the Grand Hyatt in March 2009. The catering manager handling our event (Lori Palencias) was excellent. She made herself fully available to me and went out of her way to make sure I had everything I needed. Not to mention, the hotel is in the best location in Manhattan! Everything is at your doorstep, or a short trip away with all transit at a stone's throw. The guest rooms had the necessary amenities and were a decent size for a NY hotel. I only stayed one night, but could hear my neighbors as if they were in the room with me. LITERALLY. Some of my co-workers that stayed had the same comment. Our President actually opened the door connecting the two rooms because he was certain the door on their end must have been open (it was not). I will definitely use the Grand Hyatt NY again for business meetings/events!	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Location Great hotel	We found a great deal for this hotel using TravelZoo. Centrally located, next door to Grand Central Station, 2 blocks from 5th Ave. The Check-in was all done electronically, which was easy to follow, but it would have been nice to actually speak to someone! The concierge was extremely helpful every time we went to his desk area. Everyone working at the hotel were friendly, helpful and always smiling! They seem genuinely happy to see us! The elevators were separated into the first 23 floors and then 24-34, so we were express to the 24th floor, which meant no milk run elevator rides. We were on the 33rd floor ( near the top!) and had a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building! Our room was comfortable with a very good chair for work at the desk ( lumbar support!). Flat screen TV too. The beds could have been a bit cushier, but there were lots of pillows and extra blankets if we wanted them. I had a couple occasions to speak to housekeeping and to the front desk. Both times my questions were answered in a friendly way, and anything we required was seen to immediately. There was no fan in the bathroom, but it wasn't a big deal. We had a window in our room that opened! :) There are vending machines and ice on every floor and every morning there were newspapers available on each floor. There is a shuttle service to the Newark Airport only one block away from the hotel-- 15$ to the airport. We loved staying here and will do so again and again!	
Mar 30 2009 	Not Grand. Expensive for price. Excellent Location.	I stayed here at the end of January in one of the Lexington Suites. I was able to check in at midday which were very accomodating. The front desk was polite and friendly and were able to give me a room with an excellent night view of the Crysler Building on the 29th Floor. The room was large for New York standards, but it was suite so I was expecting it so. The bed was very comfortable and the room had an ipoid dock which came in handy. Large 32&quot; LCD tv, a sitting area with a couch and closets. The room is fine, the housekeeping terrible. The maids didnt bother to clean the carpets or the tables when they had some crums from some cookies I bought. They did not bother to change the glasses I had used the previous nights either. They failed to put out new bath contents various times which was annoying. The thing that bothered me the most was the security at the hotel, I was stopped by one of the security guys (probably because I am latinamerican, but we are not all poor) who asked to see proof that I was staying there. I ignored him and continued to my room and one of the front desk people must have explained to him I was staying at the Lex suite. I didnt priceline the hotel but booked straight on Hyatt.com, I feel that this Hyatt should not be classed 4* but instead a good 3*. Location is excellent though, the reason why I stayed there. Next time am in NYC I will stay at the Intercontinental or Sheraton.	
Mar 29 2009 	Walls as thin as paper	Maybe it was just my room, but I could hear people in the hall and those next door as if they were in the room. Every time the elevator came and went, I knew it. Every time the people next door were talking with each other, it was as if they were talking to me.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Hotel 	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the hotel March 6th &amp; 7th 2009. It was my first trip to the city and was very pleased with the hotels close proximity to Grand central station since we took the train. The staff was very helpful and friendly and very accommodating. We asked for a view of 42nd street and when we got to our room we were a little dissapointed because our room did not have a clear view of the street. The bathroom was rather small but the room itself was very nice and clean. The bed was a king size and was very comfortable.	
Mar 24 2009 	Unbeatable location where subway stations are next to you!	Though I've stayed at numerous hotels in New York City, I couldn't be happier with the Grand Hyatt that is literally next to Grand Central Terminal, which Subway lines #4, 5, 6, 7 and S. I stayed here for business and needed to get to downtown, Upper West Side, Upper East Side and even Queens; I didn't have trouble from my location! The hotel itself is clean and sufficient to my travel. The rooms are small but it's normal for NYC size. I do wish that Grand Hyatt offered free Internet service since I had to pay per day for connectivity. My room also faced the Chrysler building, which was a nice treat!	
Mar 20 2009 	Highly recommended	Travelled to NYC with my wife for 2 nights after purchasing hotel on priceline. Check in staff were quick and pleasant. Our room was on the 16th floor and had a view down 42nd St. The room was a good size for New York and had a queen size bed. There was a walk in closet to store your clothes and bags, a large LCD TV, a small but functional bathroom with decent water pressure. Internet was reasonable at $10 per day and worked well. The room was clean and nicely decorated. Loved the fact that hotel is next to Grand Central Station. There are some terrific economical restaurants in there and we chose not to spend our money on room service. The gym is open 24 hrs and the treadmills have personal TV's to watch while working out.We loved the location, a quick 10 minute walk to Times Square...access to subways nezt door....lots of meal choices within a few blocks.Wouldn't hesitate to return here	
Mar 19 2009 	Good but not Grand	Recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 4 nights on business to NYC. Got a great rate on Priceline. The hotel's location CAN NOT be beat. It is on top of Grand Central and from there you can get virtually anywhere you need to go. The rooms are adequate but housekeeping is hit or miss. Some days they never emptied the trash nor changed the dirty glasses. All in all, I would stay there again if the price was right but to pay rack rate is not worth it. Best part of the hotel is the workout room. One thing to beware of are taxis through the hotel. I needed a taxi to the airport and the hotel had one that was standing by. The driver refused to put the meter on and when I asked how he planned on knowing what to charge me for the ride, he quoted an astronomical flat rate. This is an illegal scam and I was very disappointed to see it happening in the city I grew up in. A taxi from Manhattan to LaGuardia airport is based on the meter reading and anthing otherwise is a blatant attempt to rip off unsuspecting tourists.	
Mar 16 2009 	It's ok not the 4 Star it's built up to be	Ok, great location, so give it serious props for that. I mean, you can be anywhere in the city in minutes thanks to it's connection to Grand Central Station, but the hotel? Average. Only the weary traveler would complain about escalators up to check in, but revolving doors that don't fit checked luggage, just kind of irritates me. The staff is friendly enough and the lobby is massive. Impressive with a water fall. Then because I Pricelined my hotel I was stuck in a room that was amazingly bad. Old. That's the best way to describe it. O L D. I realize Trump did this as his first hotel decades ago, but it feels O L D. Worn. Cold. Clammy even. everything worked and the room was a nice size by NYC standards, though my view of the air conditioning unit was hysterical. It's not a bad place, just not the 4 star billing. one more thing, who still charges $14.00 a night for the internet. Shame Shame Shame	
Mar 15 2009 	Cheap with bad quality	Very expensive in any other services but you can bid on priceline to get a good price if you want to stay close to Times Square. Staff and service are bad. Location is excellent and safe	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location!	My sister and I chose this hotel for the location. Located right beside Grand Central Station, you are walking distance to Time Square and close to subway lines. The room was spacious by New York City standards. The bathroom was small and clean but was in a need of an update. The bed was very comfortable but the pillows could have been fluffier. We found our room to be very quiet as we had a corner unit.	
Mar 6 2009 	Lovely Hotel	I was taken here as a surprise for my birthday by my partner. Checking in was very swift so there was not much waiting around and the lobby was amazing. Our room was lovely and was very large and the bed well it was amazing it was huge and so comfortable!!! The bathroom was also very nice and the shower was good and strong we also had our bathroom stocked up daily with soap etc. The room service prices were very expensive so don't order from there unless you are willing to pay a very high price. Our room was very clean and the staff were very friendly. We were at the front of the hotel but didn't hear much noise. We were high up and the lifts were very quick which was nice. Also if you are going to go and see a broadway show i wouldn't recommend getting your tickets from the hotel as they are majorly marked up and are very very expensive. We bought the New York pass and were very glad we did as you save money and can skip lines. The location of this hotel is ideal as it is very close to most things and we walked almost everywhere from our hotel rather than getting cabs and the underground but it was very handy being with in a 30 second walk from grand central station.I can't find any fault with the hotel itself and would definately stay here again, but on the last day i put my suitcase in their store room for it to be looked after and the porters broke the handle and then when i complained said it wasn't them and it was like it when they got it!!!	
Mar 5 2009 	would reccomend this hotel and would go again	just got back after staying 4 nights in grand hyatt, found it very good valu4 for money, good location, clean, and staff very helpful, we did have an adjoining room and could hear everything next door were saying, but just went to reception and told them, said it was no problem and put us in another room straight away, this was excellent. the location was good, but would have liked tea making facilities, lovely being next to Central station, no noise from this, but was very handy for meals . would go again to t his hotel, went to Rosie O gradyson the night but made the mistake of getting a rickshaw type bike ride there, charged us $30 for 10 min ride. $6 in a taxi.	
Mar 3 2009 	Wonderful Big City Hotel	Had a wonderful experiance at the NYC Grand Hyatt. We stayed for 9 nights during the middle of February 2009. Was able to get the hotel through Priceline for a great price. This is a large convention hotel attached directly to Grand Central Station. Made our transporation by subway super easy since the 4/5/6 lines run on one side of the hotel, and the 7 and Times Square Shuttle line can get you over to Times Square and connect to multiple other lines there. Never had to go outside to get to the Subway. Also lots of good shops and food right in Grand Cenral Station. The hotel lobby is gorgeous - coming back at the end of sightseeing each day to the water fountain that dominate the east end of the lobby was a treat. The staff were very friend and helpful. No issue about getting the room on Priceline when checking in - even got some free coupons for coffee or tea at the lobby snack bar.Our room was on the 25th floor. The room had no view to speak of - looked out to the another wing of the hotel. However, for the price we were not complaining, since the room was so well appointed and clean. Also given the location - the building is surrounding by lots of other tall buildings, so I am not sure too many of the rooms have much of view but the buildings across the street. Nice comfortable queen size bed, double closet, desk, 42 inch flat screen tv, chest of drawers and in-room safe. Also a chair and ottoman. We discovered that being on the backside of the hotel facing the another wing of the hotel meant almost NO outside noise from the street!!I agree with other comments that the bathroom was small - but well organized - and I have seen much smaller in NYC!! Never had an issue with a long wait for elevators as other have complained - however I image the hotel was not comletely full given the time of year and current economic slow down. Other complaints about noise in the hall way, or slaming doors are the type of stuff you find in most hotels - never was a real bother for us.I would never hestiate about staying here again!	
Mar 3 2009 	Not as Grand as I would have liked it.	If you stay in a lot of hotels you may be as disappointed as I was. If you don't travel a lot you may be as happy as some of those who have given positive reviews. Here's how I see it. The Good Stuff: Very Friendly Staff, Room size, location, concierge lounge, fast elevatorsThe Bad Stuff: Hotel Room- dirty stained carpet, mold in the bathroom, broken or warn furnishingsIf you can get a good rate below $200 a night, I think you can get a good nights rest. If you have to pay more for that then find another hotel. Safe travels. ttz	
Mar 3 2009 	"Nice" but needs double glazing!	My Wife and daughter stayed in this hotel with me from 26th Dec 08 until 29th Dec 08 for a Christmas break. The Grand Hyatt is a lovely Hotel, and its in a great location for getting around New York. The only problem I would say this hotel has, is the lack of double glazing to the windows, you could hear everything going on outside i.e. sirens, car horns, trucks, etc even people shouting. After the first night it was earplugs every night. This was a shame really, because the room was lovely and clean, and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel staff were friendly enough when approached. The hotel restaurants are quiet expensive, but the lobby coffee bar was very reasonable and well stocked. I'd probably stay here again, but not without earplugs...	
Feb 27 2009	Great Location!	We stayed in the grand Hyatt New York for 4 nights in December 2008... First of all, New York is a great city, this was my 3rd trip but my girlfriend's 1st, there's too much to see and do there but staying at the Grand Hyatt made it easier thanks to its fantastic location. It's very well located downtown, a short walk from 5th Avenue and Times Square. A longer walk up to Central Park, but that's OK because walking around is what we do in New York, right?We were lucky that we were upgarded to a suite thanks to a friend of mine who works for the Hyatt Group having made the reservation for us, but I would guess that the quality of the furniture, fittings, bathrooms is equal throughout the hotel. And that quality is top class.If there is a downside, it is that the hotel is very very big, and that makes the lobby a crowded and busy place at times, but you have to love the multi cultural nature of New York and being in such a big place meant hearing different languages every day in the lift... Another downside is the costs of additions, wi-fi access in the room was $10 per day and a Starbucks coffee delivered to the room worked out at almost $15 including the room service charge, I'm no scrooge but clearly that's ridiculous, a morning walk into the neighbouring Grand Central Station sourced the necessary morning kick off for a couple of bucks...We used the gym every day, it is well fitted out and was never too busy. The room was great, overlooking the Chrysler building from the 17th floor. The room was well cleaned every day and a good size. All in all, we were extremely satisfied, again, as a base to tour all over New York, the Grand Hyatt is an excellent choice.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Location	Stayed in a kingsize room on 22nd floor room 2207. The room was a decent size, bed very comfortable, bathroom was small and dated but adequate. The lack of tea and coffee making facilities is something that the management of this hotel need to get sorted. New York is a very cold place in February and I don't think this is alot to provide, take note management!! It's the difference between getting a repeat booking and not. We didn't experience any noise from other rooms just the usual corridor noise but even that wasn't too bad. Couldn't really hear the street noise either which was great. I have stayed in some bad hotels in New York and paid good money so I was pleasantly surprised this time. Tina on the concierge was most helpful. Overall a good experience.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent staff accomodations and service! You will want for nothing.	First of all, the staff (evertyone) is so helpful, friendly, courteous, and accomodating, you would think that you were the only guest at the hotel. The building, lobby, rooms, and accompanying facilities are excellent, clean, and well maintained. If you are looking for a wonderful stay at a four star hotel in midtown Manhattan, look no further. I would recommend this for everyone.	
Feb 24 2009 	Good location average quality for the price	As a Platinum Hyatt Gold Passport member I have stayed at my fair share of Hyatt properties around the world. The Grand Hyatt New York is worst to date. The deluxe king room was a decent size, but old, worn, dirty and noisy. Housekeeping was far below par with sub-standard room cleaning taking place each day - even after complaints were made to management. Beware if you end up in a connecting room as soundproofing between rooms just does not exist. For the money, I would suggest trying to find another hotel offering better value.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Room For Price	Stayed on a Saturday night for $105 via Priceline. We called down for a rollaway and fridge as we were traveling witth toddler. They came within 10 minutes - no charge. We called downstairs at 10pm as neighbor was blasting music - heard it from the elevator - the hotel responded immediately. I do think walls are thin, but the price and location served our needs. The bathroom is very small, but it is what we expected from a NYC Hotel. All in all what we expected knowing Manhattan hotels.	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	I stayed 6 nights in a big double bed room queen size it was perfect.the people are friendly and helpful. The room was clean great view on the Chrysler building.Close Times square 10mn walk, and next to Grand central station, very convenient.I recommend: breakfast at Comfort Dinner (44th street one block on the right after the post office.Dinner: Metro caf same street than the hotel 500m direction Times square.	
Feb 18 2009 	Room noise too loud	Book the hotel through Priceline for $122 plus taxes. Not a bad deal, but if I knew it was this hotel I would have book a 3 star and would have saved $40. I book 20 nights a year through Priceline.com and this is at the high end of what someone should pay for this star rating. The hotel has little noise insulation and you can hear every door slam and noise from the room next door. If you require parking I suggest Central parking 213 East 43rd, in from 3PM-3AM and out by 8:59 AM $11 plus Tax. Make sure not to go past 9AM if you do the rate soars to $50.	
Feb 17 2009	Great location great price through Priceline...	I booked this room through Priceline for $128 a night for a long Valentine's Day weekend. I was not expecting a large room or a bathroom as it is NYC. The room was not small, and our queen bed fit perfect in it. The bathroom was small, but I was able to get ready it in with no problems. I had no problem hearing our neighbors but I did hear street noise (15th floor) which I expected. The staff were friendly, maid service started very early though (8 am) so make sure you put your privacy sign up if you don't want to be bothered that early. To get to the hotel I paid $29 via cab at eleven pm. Grand Central Station was great to have next door, good food choices and the subway. I would definitely stay here again for the price .	
Feb 16 2009	lovely stay at downtown NY	Expensive but fabulous stay at down town NYC at Christmas time.	
Feb 13 2009	Better Experience This Year	Stayed here with my teenage daughter for 2 nights at a discounted, conference rate equal to about one-half the retail rate. This year we were given a much larger room (still with 2 double beds), and the bathroom was far more comfortable and attractive. Very friendly and helpful staff. The only negative was that breakfast was delivered too early one morning, before we were even awake.	
Feb 12 2009 	Pretty nice and at the right price	Great deal for Manhattan- $129 a night through Priceline by naming my price. Very nice lobby, great location, nice rooms. Large by NYC standards. Only complain was thin walls in the room- I could easily hear my neighbors' alarms, cell phones, etc.	
Feb 11 2009 	The Best location!!!	Stayed in this hotel in January 2009, with my husband and two children in a one bedroom suite.It is a short walk away from Times Square and connected to Central Station - Can't beat this location.The rooms are big for NYC and very comfortable. The concierge desk was helpful with directions.We loved New York and love this hotel. The cleaning staff were a bit noisy very early in the morning.	
Feb 9 2009 	Decent if not paying full price	I've stayed here three times over the last few months. Twice for business and once for pleasure. Every time, I booked it through priceline. The location is good and the rooms are pretty nice for NYC. The only issue I had when staying twice for business was that the walls were so thin. I was woken up at 5am by someone else's alarm the first time. The second time, I was woken up at about 6am with someone else's tv blaring.Finally, I stayed there with my husband for a couple of nights over the weekend. This time, the room was not very clean. There was actually feces on the shower curtain next to the toilet. There was also part of a wrapper under the pillow. Since we had just moved rooms since they mistakenly gave us a smoking room at first (very quick to switch us though), didn't have the energy to do it again.Given this, I may decide to try a different area using priceline for next time. I'm really not thrilled with this hotel and would not rate it 4 stars.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good Location	Out of the hotels I have stayed in within Manhatten I found this to have one of the best locations.. just next door to the magnificent central station it is within very close walking distance of Times Square, Central Park, Empire State and the Crysler Building.I asked for a high floor room and thats what I got..My room didn't have a brilliant view but only staying one night and not intending to spend alot of time inside I wasn't over bothered.My room was spacious with a walk-in wardrobe ( with Iron ).. the bathroom was also a good size with hairdryer, lots of hot water and complimetary toilertries..It would have been nice to have coffee making facilities in the room but you could buy it down in the lobby if you wanted to.There was wireless internet access ( extra cost) from T-mobile but I didn't manage to connect.There was a very good air con system in the room.. it was the first time in ages that I have managed to get a good heat balance in a hotel.I didn't eat-in at the hotel as I always think that there are so many places to eat outside .. I usually have my ( very big) breakfast at the Park Cafe of 7th Avenue.. have breakfast there and it will last you all day!The lobby is very impressive with facilities for quick check-in and out.. I asked for an extended check-out and they willingly let me have the room until 1pm ( normally 11am).The hotel also have their own cars ( at the same charges as the yellow cabs) .. I used one to get to the airport and found it to be a bit more comfortable.If you visit I hope you enjoy your stay!	
Feb 7 2009 	loved this hotel	this hotel is very nice and in a very good location. its right next to grand central station and time square was about a 10 minutes walk away. the rooms were really nice and clean and the beds were really comfortable. the only complaints i had was that you could hear the people in the rooms next door. also i made a mobile call for 20seconds from the room and they tried to charge me $20US. but the staff are very friendly and nice and are always willing to help you,.	
Feb 4 2009 	Dull - Much better alternatives in NYC	Good location but I found this hotel to be a little dull and uninspriing and pretty dated. Its not cheap either and I think there are better places to stay nearby, like the Bryant Park.I wouldn't stay here again by choice but wouldn't be upset if I had to for business.	
Jan 30 2009 	Best Location in New york city	Hyatt of New York offers the most updated technology for check in an check out. Also you receive information via email prior to arrival. I have to say for a large hotel the service was outstannding. The lobby is wonderful very spacious. offering starbucks is a good choice. I had phoned housekeeping and found a efficient cheerful voice at the other end. hotel staff seeeemed happy and our every question was answered with satisfaction. quality the bathroom was a 3 star offering no counter space tiny,horrible toliet and tub. the room was a 4 star standard. For the location and price I will certainly stay at this hotel again maybe next time ask for a different room cat.	
Jan 29 2009	Great choice fantastic location	It is a huge hotel in a huge city and maybe too impersonal for some, but we loved it. You can be anywhere in the city and look up at the beautiful Chrysler building and know how far away you are from your hotel--and whether you are close enough to walk or should take a cab. We loved looking just outside our window to see that famous landmark. The window was a bit leaky with cold air, but the fastantic heat kept the room very toasty on the coldest nights. The room was very clean and every contact we had with any staff mamber was friendly and helpful. We heard nothing from our neighbors or the street. And the famous Oyster Bar next door at Grand Central Station is not to be missed. What a great city!	
Jan 25 2009 	Felt Like I was Camping	Stayed on the 27th floor. Room looked modern while on the small side but that's normal for Manhattan. Our room was adjoined to someone elses so VERY loud all night long. While we were all in bed my 3 year old told me to get off of my cell phone. It was the room next door talking that he heard! You could literally hear every word spoken by these strangers. Also no hot water and shower was broken. I asked to be moved the next night. On the 25th floor the room was a corner room and about 50% larger (no charge). All night long, I could hear the people across the hall screaming in the hallway. My wife yelled at them from bed at one point and they quited. Hotel staff were very friendly, the hotel is just not sound proof. Even on the 27th floor you hear sirens and horns all night long. Location is perfectly central. Overall, the stay was not restful so perhaps try a different hotel.I stayed at the Raddisson on Lexington last time, and the room was not nearly as nice, but hotel was quiter. Also valet tried to charge me $110 upon checkout for parking that I'd already paid.	
Jan 24 2009 	great location !	The location of this hotel is fantastic. It's just a few meters from Grand Central Terminal. Price is not so good, but this is NYC !The room is small, but well decorated and clean; comfortable beds/pillows.Hotel charges for wireless Internet access in the room.	
Jan 23 2009 	Impersonal	I stayed here on business. I am glad I did not do so on my own coin. While the location was good and the room decent, the size of the hotel rendered it a pretty impersonal experiecne. The elevators were always packed (to the point that they had people stuffing us in) and it took forever to get on one, on any floor. There seemed to be inumerable bus groups. The lines for anything (check out, baggage check, cabs etc...) were long. I never saw any staff member more than once. There were no real problems with individual staff members, I think it was just a matter of scale. NYC is an amazing city and the people are generally very friendly - considering its size. The Hyatt had me feeling that I was in a run of the mill place.	
Jan 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel in every way!	Excellent hotel in a fantastic location in Manhattan. The hotel is directly beside Central station, you can take the tube all over manhattan and only a ten minute walk from fifth avenue, braodway etc. The lobby is beautiful, with a marble interior, staff can not do enough to help you. The rooms are a great size, large kingsize bed, flat screen t.v., good sized bathroom. I would definitely recommend this hotel in terms of location, luxury and service.	
Jan 22 2009	Great location	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nights 1st Jan 09  4th Jan 09. We checked in early, but the room wasnt ready so we left our bags and went off to explore. (this was free, but there is a $2 per bag charge for this service when you check out) When we arrived back the room still wasnt ready, so we went for a coffee, and when we returned the room still wasnt ready, so they changed us to a different room  same type, just one that was cleaned, no upgrade!The room was nice, nothing amazing, it had 2 double beds, a tv, a desk and a bathroom. It was very clean and comfortable. The best part of the room was that outside our window was the Chrysler building, which I was thrilled about!The hotel is in a great location  Sandwiched between Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building, there are lots of restaurants, cafes etc around to. Although be warned of the caf right opposite the hotel (I forget the name) it was very expensive and not so great either! The Hotel is very grand (hence the name I guess!) the lobby is the most elaborate I have ever seen, spread over 2 levels with fountains and lights everywhere, and plenty of seating. There are 10 lifts so there is never a wait! Also in the lobby is a ticket booth to book any Broadway shows etc aswell as a coffee shop and a few shops! The only problem we had was that we purchased a phone card to ring England and we asked reception about using it in our room, they said it was $1.50 for the first half hour per call and so many cents after that, but the next morning they pushed a bill for $100 under the door! We went down and complained and they said it was due to a code that we used, and after a few words and the manager getting involved they cancelled it and charged us the correct price of $10! So be aware of this if you plan on staying here!Over all I would say this is great hotel, for me due to its location, we got it quite cheap via hotelclub, but im not sure if I would pay full price to stay here, but as I say, we enjoyed it, the room was comfortable and it was a great base for our trip.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is located next to Grand Central Station which was very nice. It is in a central location which made cab fare to our destinations inexpensive. The staff was friendly and able to provide information on sites and train travel. However the room was small and very dusty. You could literally see the dust on the phone and nightstand. The hair dryer had dust and lint build up in the fan. The shower had a strange smell to it. The menu prices were rediculously high. Not to mention valet parking is $55 for every 24 hours; which we did not discover until later in the evening. We took our car to a parking garage just across the 59th street bridge and was able to pay $11 a day and took the train back to the hotel. When we checked out the cab ride back to our car was only $13 for a total of $57 compared to $220 for valet.	
Jan 19 2009 	great weekend	We arrived very late at the hotel because we had problems when arriving at the airport, so the room we should have had was not available so we were upgraded to a larger room. The room had a great view out onto the main road but high up, so we were not effected by road noise that you could complain about. The size of the room was great with a sitting area and a large TV. The bed was very good and of a very large size for me and my wife. We did not have breakfast at the hotel as it was expensive but a cafe across the road which was great. We also found the bar priced expensive, as we only used this once on the night we arrived which was very late to go looking for a bar. I would go back to the hotel as it is a great location and the reception staff were great. Also the hotel was clean and tidy at all times and not noisy.	
Jan 18 2009	A lovely hotel - so close to everything.	I was a little apprehensive before arriving at this hotel because of the previous reviews. We arrived on the 27/12 and stayed for 10 nIghts. I was on holiday with my husband my two sons and the girlfriend of one of my sons. We had three seperate bedrooms on the 26th floor. The rooms were clean and not small as some reviews stated. The beds were very comfortable. The rooms were cleaned everyday. The staff were always helpful on reception. The hotel is idealy situated for sightseeing right next to Grand Central Station. I really could not fault it and wish I was still there! New York is a wonderful city to visit, the people are friendly and the views are spectacular. We can't all wait to go back! Be prepared to walk miles as that is the best way to see everything. We went all the usual trips, Liberty Big Apple Helicopter Trip, Spirit evening boat cruise with meal, Movie Sites Tour and Hop On Hop Off bus loops. We visited Ground Zero which was very moving. I can also recommend Gordon Ramseys London Restaurant - the food was amazing. Well worth the extra money just for the experiance. We all had a wonderful time!	
Jan 18 2009	liked it but...	We stayed for a long weekend just before Christmas and, as has already been mentioned we found this hotel to be in a really good location (although NY is really easy to get round no matter where you stay).The lobby is lovely and looks quite classy (loved the Christmas decorations - really tasteful) and the restaurant which overhangs the entrance served some very nice food at lunchtime which we really enjoyed (albeit at a somewhat elevated price!).We found our room to be of a good size (Club floor) - bags of room even though we had an extra bed for our daughter. The beds were really good (including the extra one - nice 'proper' mattress!) &amp; boy did we need them to be as we all went down with heavy colds/mild flu while we were there (typical!).The club lounge was somewhat small &amp; lacking in 'character' but it served a reasonable breakfast (but I really didn't like the coffee machines - felt a bit 'motel' like to me - really expected some sort of service).So all in all a nice comfortable hotel for a short stay - so why the 'but'?Well, customer service was not exactly consistent. We had problems with our room key when we arrived &amp; it took a few trips down to reception to sort out (club concierge near our room let me know that it wasn't her problem - have a nice day!)It also took 2 requests &amp; another trip to reception (yes, you guessed it club concierge just smiled) to get the extra bed set up in our room even though I asked for one when I booked.I have to say, however, service did seem to depend on the individual as on our second day we had a lovely lady in the club who was more than helpful.My second 'but' refers to the bathroom - OMG its small!! I also notice that although it was generally clean it was in a superficial way (ie dirt behind things) - yes I know thats picky but cleanliness is important to me &amp; when you find someones 'used' sock when you move a chair in the room you kind of start to question things.Anyway overall a good stay but I would probably look to stay somewhere else next time.	
Jan 14 2009 	Love Being Central	This hotel lived up to its standards. From the moment you walk in, you are welcomed by a grand lobby. Being around Christmas time, the decorations in the lobby really made you feel the festive spirit. The reception is quite efficient in its processing, given the number of people coming through the hotel. The staff maintain their friendliness as well, even during times of difficulty. So that is really commendable. The room we got had a great view, being the corner room. Apparently it was the Deluxe Room, so it was slightly larger than the Standard Rooms they had on offer. This was very much appreciated. Not only was the room bigger, but the bathroom was also more spacious as well. The room had modern furnishings in it, with a big flat screen TV. A large desk is also available for use if you need it. The amenities provided in the bathroom are also top quality, which is always appreciated. The beds are also very comfortable, making it ideal for those coming off a long flight like we did. The fitness centre is at the top floor of the hotel. This makes for a great view and a good motivation for going to the gym. The hotel has a couple of bars and restaurants as well, so plenty of things to entertain you.The hotel's location is probably it's best asset. The hotel is right above Grand Central Station, which means it is easily accessible from all modes of transport. Shuttle buses from the airport stop right out the front of Grand Central Station as well. So no matter what mode of transport you are taking, except a plane of course, you can easily get to the hotel. You are only a couple of blocks from 5th Ave. Taxis are cheap if you need to get anywhere in Manhattan since it is such a central location. Definitely worth coming back to if I am in NY again.	
Jan 14 2009 	location location location!!!	this hotel was perfect for a long weekend getaway to NYC. it is nearly on top of grand central station, there is a walkway which goes into grand central, all indoors. easy and cheap to get to from JFK, just hop on the air train, then to the A, then to the 7 line and we were there. if you want to see and do everything in a short time, stay here. the room was clean, nice by new york standards, the bed was very comfortable with down pillows. have lunch at the oyster bar in the station. have dinner at tavern on the green. then, for the best and most romantic lunch of all, go to cafe sabarski, on 5th across from central park. the place is not cheap, but so lovely. a nice place to drink champagne, eat german food, and view the park. perfect trip!	
Jan 14 2009 	nice place in a nice city	stayed for a christmas week. location is absolutely superb! grand central is literally the next door and from there you can go anywhere by subway. cabs are also very well available in front of the station.lobby is quite grand indeed. lobby staff were nice without any specials. I got all I needed.standard room was in 28th floor with not much views. after super comfy european hotels, this felt only quite ok. without double windows a bit chilly breezes are what you get but effective heating helped us and that did not bother us. I read a lot about noise problems but that did not bother me at all. did not hear bad noise at all at first place. sleeped like a log every night. room was cleaned every day and was always clean. big tv and safe in room. different room for clothes was great! i-pod dock with radio was good one, used it every day.had one breakfast at the hotel which was good but typically for NY hotels, overpriced. did not eat other meals at the hotel.booked this from hyatt.com for 199USD without fees or taxes. ok price for hotel of this quality. i recommend if one is looking for prime location and risk free, basic accommodation.	
Jan 14 2009 	Well exceeded expectations	From the reviews read prior to staying here, expectations were not too high but decided if nothing else it would be a central base for our week in New York between Christmas and New Year. However, from the moment we stepped out of the cab outside the hotel we were greeted by pleasant smiling staff until the end of our stay. The hotel lobby was very busy and quite impressive. We arrived earlier than our check in but were offered a room straightaway. The room was a decent size (the bathroom compact but absolutely fine), clean and well laid out with a walk in wardrobe. The king bed was very comfortable. The cleaning staff seemed to be very efficient. We were lucky not to be bothered by any external noises (I'm quite a light sleeper).Location of the hotel couldn't be better, right beside Grand Central with a passageway linking the hotel and station.We didn't dine in the hotel restaurant and the bar although pleasant, was nondescript.Both check in and check out was very efficient.All in all it was a very enjoyable experience and we will certainly stay here again.	
Jan 12 2009 	grand hyatt nyc	Everything was very enjoyable about this hotel, except for the housekeeping staff. on more than one occasion the beds were not properly made, and the bathroom floor was neither swept nor mopped for our whole stay (we were there a week). But on the whole the location was brilliant and the room a very reasonable size for one in the city.	
Jan 12 2009 	Loved the Hyatt	We spent New Year in the Hayatt and thought it was excellent. It has the wow factor when you enter the hotel with the foyer covered in mirrors and a nice waterfall feature. Check in was very good, polite staff. Stayed on the 30th floor in a business suite with comp breakfast. The room was huge with huge comfortable bed. The only downside was no tea and cofee facilities. With prices very high from room service.(use Starbucks next door and take out). Maid service was great. No problems with noise except on New Years morning about 4.00am but that was expected. Continental breakfast was ok but $3 upgrate to fruit and cold meats or $8 upgrade to full was well worth it. Great views from breakfast restraunt, easy un-rushed atmosphere with good food and endless coffee. In all enjoyed the stay and would deffinately go back and recommend. The only downside to the holiday was New Year in Times Square, very cold, badly organised and not worth the 9 hour stand with no food or toilets.	
Jan 11 2009 	Better than usual	A vast improvement over recent stays (this is the company-approved business hotel). The front desk and coffee shop staff were definitely happier, friendlier and less surly than past visits. The room was clean and, yes, a cup of room service coffee is $9!?Like someone else mentioned, ask to stay on the high floors, and, in particular, one of the side rooms overlooking Grand Central and 42nd Street. These seem to be the lightest and most spacious rooms.If you are transiting through NYC for a night or two and the rate is good, this Hyatt can be quite OK.	
Jan 10 2009 	Excellent location	Had a great New Year break at this hotel. Entrance to the hotel is impressive. Service was excellent and all the staff we met were friendly, polite and very efficient, Room was a decent size, very very comfortable king size bed. Room also has armchair, desk, TV and walk in wardrobe. Bathroom was a little small but perfectly sufficient for our needs. Room decor was typical &quot;hotel brown/ beige&quot; and probably in need of a makeover. But the room and bathroom was very very clean and the maid service was excellent. Some reviews have mentioned the potential for noise due to thin walls- this was NOT a problem for us, but can see this could be if you had noisy neighnours etc (we were there over new year and the hotel was v busy and full)- I would say avoid rooms near the elevators or the vending/ ice machine. There was no minibar, but we had room service which was prompt and of a good standard. The hotel bar had a great atmosphere and was comfortable with good service. There are lots of options nearby for breakfast etc- theres a good food court in Grand Central Station. The Michael Jordan Steakhouse is a decent restaurant in the station (but not cheap) Times Square etc is about 10-15 minutes walk away. The location of the hotel is great and provides easy access to all the sights (and even the most novice NYC taxi driver knows where Grand Central is!!).I would return to this hotel and would recommend it subject to the notes and advice above.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very nice huge hotel!	We had a lovely Christmas stay, check in was great, we are lucky enough to be Hyatt points card holders so we were give a club suite on the 31st floor, great view of the city. Also had access to the club lounge which served a good continental breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks. The room was very large with a sitting area but the bathroom was quite small, cleaning service was excellent. This hotel is huge, i've never seen so many people in the foyer or so many lifts! but plenty of staff about to help and direct.Fantastic location, next to Grand Central Station, did a free (yes some things are free in NY) walking tour of Grand Central it's on Fridays at 12.30 meet in Whitney museum SW corner of 42nd and Park Ave.This was my 4th visit to New York and I have to say it's wonderful at Christmas with the decorations, Christmas markets and Ice rinks.Radio City Christmas spectacular was fantastic, bought tickets at the box office day before show to save ridiculous online extra charges.Overall this was probably my best hotel stay in New York	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Location in NYC	Went to New York for Christmas with my two girls for 5 days. Had a fantastic first time in NYC. The best thing about the Grand Hyatt is its central location and the fact that it is next door to Grand Central Terminal, which all the cab drivers know. About the hotel, the entrance and lobby are just spectacular and the desk and concierge were very helpful. However, sadly as is common, the guest rooms are a far cry from the elaborate public areas. Ours was basic, pretty small and had few frills. The bathroom was tiny. There was a hairdryer, iron and ironing board. No fridge, kettle or coffee maker however, and room service is astronomic so suggest you take a travel kettle and tea/coffee supplies. The room was quiet and warm, so no problems there. We had breakfast on Christmas day in the hotel, again big disappointment, food was cold, daughter found a hair in her scrambled egg, had to queue with people coming off the street (no special treatment given to paying guests). Cost over 100 for 3 of us to have basic cooked breakfast which was pretty laughable. Across the street the Pershing Restaurant serves a fantastic breakfast, so comes highly recommended, however costly again, at 50 for 3 of us to have their fab. pancakes. I was told that most New Yorkers grab a bagel and coffee from Starbucks, which are on every corner. Apparently its only the tourists who pay the expensive hotel.restaraunt charges for breakfast!Back to the hotel, the room service was good, left a tip for the maid each day. Had to ask for a few things she forgot to replace, such as shampoo etc. Take LOADS of $1 dollar bills, because everyone has to be tipped. Here's an example $1 a bag, $1-2 a day for chamber maid; 15-20% tip for meals; 10-15% bartenders; cab drivers 15% of fare. Had Christmas day dinner in the Benjamin Restaurant, which is a steak house within a short walk from the hotel. The steaks were the BEST we have ever tasted. The meal was memorable. This classy restaurant is highly recommended as a special treat. The concierge can book it for you. Allow about $45+ per person for a steak plus sides are about $9 each. Weather - freezing! Do not underestimate how cold it is in NYC in winter. We wore thermals and thick tights, and hats and thick scarves/gloves are a must. Lots of New Yorkers wear North Face clothing, especially long coats, because it is SO cold. They sell ear muffs for $2 (the NYPD wear them so they must be considered ok!) they are a must if you want to keep your ears from dropping off. Lots of guys wear dear stalker hats with ear flaps (nice). Once wrapped up however, with sensible boots, you can happily trudge everywhere (the NY grid system is so easy to follow - take a pocket sized street map with you!) and get the subway or a taxi when you are tired. Heres a link to help you plan : [-]We took a full day tour (5.5 hours) with On Board Tours, which was a great day and we saw so much. Highly recommend this tour company. Professional tour guide, lots of getting off the bus and seeing the sites, including a staten island ferry crossing to get a great view of Liberty. This tour leaves every day from Times Square. [-]Also make sure that you go up the Empire State Building and include the NY Skyride, which is great.If you want to go shopping (who doesn't - 50-75% sales are on everywhere) Macy's is great. Unlike rest of US, the New York women are on the slim side, so size NYC US small = 6-8 UK, medium = 8-10 UK and large = 12-14 UK. Any bigger and you need to look for 'womens' in shops such as Macy's and Old Navy There is great shopping in SOHO. (blend of SO uth of HO uston Street, no relation to SOHO London!) . There is also an out of town (about 1 hour away) shopping mall that is supposed to be great. Ask the concierge. Also go to China Town for the famous NY 'knock off' designer handbags. All in all - what a great city. Next time I plan to stay somewhere cheaper, why pay for a swanky entrance lobby if all the rooms in NYC are small?? Have a fabulous time and dont forget to try the Cosmopolitan cocktails they are SOOO Sex in the City!!!	
Jan 3 2009	Not the best Hyatt....	I used points for my stay so I guess I can't complain too much. The hotel was just fair. The best part of it was it's proximity to Grand Central Station, literally right next door. I was upgraded to a &quot;larger&quot; room which I guess is larger only by NYC standards. The room was clean, however just not your typical upscale Hyatt. The next morning I called room service and tried to order 3 cups of coffee (or a pot) and 3 croissant. Luckily I asked how much the total was because they did not have these items on the menu. They came back with a charge of $75.00! Can you believe it? The only reason I would stay at this location again is if I had business in the east end area, as it is so close to the train.	
Jan 3 2009 	Excellent for the price	Having read the reviews on Trip Advisor, before I booked, I wasnt expecting too much. Small beds, small rooms, but this is New York, what else could you expect.We must have just struck lucky, large cosy room with one of the most comfortable beds ever. We ended up staying at the Hyatt for a week, in room 2441. No view, as its towards the rear of the hotel, but also very little street noise.The cons:- Very expensive room service, $9 plus service for a coffee. No in room facilities, coffee, tea or mini-bar. (the cost of the room service put us off using other facilities in the Hotel, so I cant comment on the bar or breakfast)The Pros:- Excellent size room, huge comfortable bed, large LCD TV with choice of in house movies (not free). Speedy lift service (especially as the 24th floor can use either lift bank). En Suite, although not the largest, always had plenty of hot water and a good shower.I did hear other people complaining about room noise, but either we had quiet neighbours, (or they liked listening to us), or our room was jus lucky to have thicker walls.The hotel reception is very modern and grand, but sometimes we felt it a bit impersonal. We like others, found the link to Grand Central to be very useful for the restaurants and for getting about. On our last trip to NYC we stayed at the Casablanca, which although was a lot more personal wanted to charge us more than double the rate that we obtained at the Hyatt through Expedia. We would definitely stay here again, even if both rates were the same.	
Jan 1 2009 	Better than expected	I had read reviews about the hotel being dirty and that the rooms were nicer on the higher floors. So, I called the hotel directly (not the 800 number for Hyatt) and told them of my findings and asked for clean rooms on the higher floors. We had booked 3 rooms for the family and to our surprise they had upgraded us to what i assume is a superior room. All three of them were corner rooms and were huge by New York City standards. Our room had a bottle of wine, cheese and crackers. We were pleasantly surprised. Also, ask for coupons for coffee or tea when checking in. Having them was a bonus. The staff was very friendly, the rooms are nicely appointed although, I must say that the bathrooms are small (the water didn't drain in our shower) and I'm just not into plastic shower curtains. All in all we had a great trip to the big A and enjoyed some quality time with our kids (ages 21 and 25) . I usually look for smaller boutique hotels when we travel, however for a big brand Hyatt always pulls through!	
Dec 29 2008 	Christmas at the Hyatt	Just back from Christmas in New York and a stay at the Grand Hyatt. After reading previous comments posted was a bit concerned but did not need to be. Staff were extremely friendly and courteous, location excellent next to Grand Central. Room absolutely fine, beds very comfortable, no problem sleeping. Did not have a problem with noise from rooms next door, never heard a thing. Check out was smooth, facility to leave luggage and also travel documentation in safety deposit to save carrying it around. A fantastic stay would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again without hesitation.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great location for sights and shopping	We stayed 3 nights in December 08 in the Grand Hyatt and we had a great holiday. The lobby was very impressive and the check in was very efficient - staff were always helpful and friendly.We got the room for a very reasonable price so we were pleasantly suprised by the lovely room, comfy king sized bed and cleanliness. It wasn't very big but all we needed. The room had climate control which was brilliant as it was snowing when we were there and absolutely freezing so it was nice to turn up the temperature when we got home to our room. Bathroom was small but shower was powerful and gave nice toiletries. New lcd flat screen tvs were getting installed during our stay but the work never bothered us at all and the satellite tv provided was great. We were on the 21st floor so weren't bothered by noise outside but the walls were pretty thin and could hear the guests in the next room's conversation. We were hardly in the room much so didn't bother us.The restaurant food at the Commodore Grill was excellent although the menu wasn't very extensive and was a little pricey. The homemade breads were a nice touch and the service was impeccable.The market grill in grand central was great to grab breakfast in the morning for a reasonable price and the pizzas at 'two boots' there were fab too! Don't eat at the TGI Friday's next to the hotel or the KFC, we grabbed some food from there on the last day for quickness and it was disgusting.The location of the hotel is excellent - walking distance to all the main attractions inc Rockefeller Center, Empire State, 5th Avenue, Radio City Music Hall, Times Square, Central Park etc etc. It was also extremely handy for getting the bus to the airport - buses to all 3 major airports just round the corner from hotel. This was very useful as it cost us $86 plus tip from Newark Airport at the start of the holiday which was a lot more expensive than we had hoped for and a bit of a shock to say the least! It didn't help that the exchange rate for sterling pounds was pretty awful either. You can also grab the subway just next door to the hotel at grand central for $2 each way which was very handy - we used it to go down to take the staten island ferry. There are yellow cabs outside the hotel all the time if you are in a rush.We had a great time at the grand hyatt and would definitely return.	
Dec 27 2008 	Definitely not a four star hotel	My mother and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt New York for Christmasas a short holiday break. Upon arrival we were really impressed with the grand entrance lobby. Check in was also nice and easy with unpretentious staff. Judging by the appearance of the lobby my mother and I expected to have the same wow factor in our hotel room. Sadly that was not the case as our room was small in every way. The window, bathroom and, beds were small in size compared to what we are use to. Such a disappointment as all the money was obviously put into the grand entrance lobby and nothing else. Someone had to fix our heating system on the first night. The bathroom was a bit worn with an uncollected hair on the soap dish from a previous guest the night before. The bath products were horrible, the soaps had an awful smell that made me almost vomit. I've stayed in three star hotels that had better bath products than this. Shame on you Hyatt you can do better. The rooms were so dark with hardly any natural light coming in. Putting on my makeup was a challenge as the only bathroom mirror was hard to see things close up. I advise to do all of your shaving and plucking before you arrive as you won't be able to see properly otherwise. I'm a neat freak so I notice small details that someone else might not notice. The staff was very helpful and approachable. The beds were small but very comfortable as I slept like a baby on both nights. The internet service was quick and easy costing me $9.99 per night. The restaurant manager gave me a cup of tea on the house to take to my room from the bar lounge because, I was feeling at bit tired and did not want to sit in the lounge to drink my tea.The hotel serves Starbucks teas and coffee which was a big plus due to the fact that I love Starbucks. The bag check guy came over to get my ticket for my bags before I was even near that section. That showed good observation by the staff +++. The self check out was great as we did not want to stand in a line because we were to excited to hit the shops. Lord and Taylors is in walking distance along with other shops and attractions. If your looking for a beautiful retreat like room that makes you feel like your living in luxury, sorry this is not the place. However, if you're in New York on Business or you want a nice modern and convenient place to bring the family than I would definitely recommend the Grand hyatt for your stay.	
Dec 24 2008 	Very pleasant and right near 5th Avenue	This hotel is perfect if you want easy walking access to 5th and Madison Avenue. Central Park is about a 25 minute walk but pleasant. The staff were helpful. We stayed in a Lexington Suite which was costly and I must admit not worth it purely because you are given extra room including a lounge area but you do not use it, you spend so much time in the city you only go back there to wash and change. If you go in December ensure you wear thermals and gloves and scarfes as the wind makes it really really cold. The staff are lovely at the hotel and I would recommend it to anything. Right next to Grand Central but be warned if you want to go to Greenwich where the 9/11 site is ensure you get the tube (underground) not the train like we did and ended up in Greenwich (Conneticut) about 50 miles out of New York City.	
Dec 23 2008 	Improved Service and Amenities	I got an excellent rate ($160/night) bidding on Priceline for a 2 night midweek stay. Except for the old TV, the room, though small, was in excellent condition, the bed comfortable, quiet abnd clean. I was on the 20th floor and elevator service was always prompt. The room service menu was way overpriced, even for New York (e.g. club sandwich: $19.99). However, one can avoid the mediocre hotel restaurants by walking indoors to the connecting Grand Central Station, where there is a superb Charlie Trotter's restaurant, or contine up the north side escalators to the Met Life Building (formerly Pan Am Building), where there arethree good restaurant options. Also,within Grand Central Station itself is the Oyster Bar and Restaurant for superb fresh seafood. All these options can be accessed without having to walk outside should the weather be bad. Back to the hotel, I found the staff to be uniformly curtious and helpful.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great Location	Stayed here for two nights on business. Pros: The hotel is in a great location adjacent to Grand Central Station. It makes a good base to explore all of Manhattan. The lobby and common areas are nice and there is fast wi-fi through T-Mobile (although not free).Cons: Once you get past the pretty lobby, the rooms (and hallways) are rather dated. The place (at least the 15th floor) seemed a bit musty. Also no mini-bar.Overall would only recommend if getting a discounted rate.ps - Grand Central Market (inside the terminal) is a good place to get tasty breads and pastries in the morning	
Dec 20 2008 	nice	the grand hyatt is a nice hotel, the rooms are averge size, clean and comfortable, the lobby impressive,the location is excellent . we have visited nyc five times and stayed in some awful places,i rate the hyatt expensive but in nyc you get what you pay for the only fault was the toilets in the lobby reminded me of some of the awful places we have stayed in nyc	
Dec 16 2008 	Quick stop in NYC	A huge hotel in the middle of Manhattan, but also as many of the big chains hotels; very common and standard. The location is the best part of this hotel, but the rooms standards are not that special. The bathroom was very simple. I would say its not worth the cost, but probably more for business travellers.Location 9/10:Right in the middle of the city with easy access to everything. Grand Central Terminal in the same building, a quite large and busy street, so its easy to get a taxi. Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, museeums, etc.. Its not the best location if you want to be just in the middle of shopping or places with sights, ie. Times square, but its not far to walk, nor expansive to take a taxi.Lobby/Check-in 7/10:The entrance and lobby area is gorgeous and nice. A separate diamond and platinum check in, where also we, as gold members were alowed to check in at. Large seating areas with very comfortable sofas and chairs to chill in. Room 3/10:We were upgraded to a better level of room, dont ask me which one, I did not, but I was dissapointed. It was a small room that was not well planned in my mind. Large closet which is good if you stay long, a few drawers, where the flatscreen was placed on top, but this was almost in the middle of the room, so you saw all the cables and the back side of it. We were also unlucky to get a room beside the ice- and soda machine, and the doors and walls seemd to be made out of paper, because we could hear everything outside, also the walls when the neighbour had the TV on, made us wake up at 6 am.. The bathroom was large, especially the part with the washbasin, but there were no hangers around for towels, so you had to lay them on the basin. The minibar had been taken out of all rooms. Room faced another building and the windows were tiny, but what did that matter with that view.Restaurants n/a/10:No comment, because I did not even find out what kind of restaurants they have.Other:No comment, but not the best hotel I have stayed at.	
Dec 14 2008 	Nice hotel in a great location	This was my third stay at this hotel. The past two time, I booked straight through Hyatt.com, but this time on priceline. The room was quite smaller than any other room I have stayed in at this hotel. It was nicely decorated and the fitness center is great. I would stay again if the price is right or if I can name my price on priceline. If you plan to travel via subway, you can get just about anywhere in the city from this hotel.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great location with substandard service	The location of this hotel is superb, just next to Grand Central train station and a 15 minutes walk from Times Square. The room I stayed was large and comfortable, with all mods and cons. Good and inexpensive wifi access through Tmobile. However as this is a huge hotel, the service was pretty bad. Laundry service was bad, they forgot to pick up my laundry twice, the front desk was unpolite and unhelpful. Never ask for the manager (Adam) as he was the most unsympathethic and unhelpful. It gets worse! The second day, they woke me up by error at 6 am. When I checked out, they forgot to charge my laundry, when I pointed it out, it took them half an hour to charge it to my account, and I ended up being late for my meeting. I felt stupid at the end of the day, as I ended up being the one who suffers their incompetence (and afterall I was trying to pay my bill that for which I was not asked to pay, but yohey sometimes it does not pay out to be honest, and the Mr Millers was not thankful) You have to pay for left luggage, and if you want to charge it to your room, you have to face a very complicated process (I did not have any US dolar cash). And people are not very helpful. By the way I hated these self check in counters which unsurprisingly did not work. Furthermore, the taxi assistance is a bit dodgy. The bell boy urged me to take a private cab, advising me not to get a normal NY cabbie. Concierge did not know anything about this arrangement, and could not comment me whether if it was allowed and safe or not, but I ended up taking the private cab which worked out fine. Nevertheless I found this a bit dodgy.	
Dec 9 2008 	Nice for the business/leisure traveler exploring NYC.	I booked the Grand Hyatt through Priceline and saved significantly on the Expedia/Travelocity price. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and the shopping areas, as well as connected to Grand Central. The rooms are small compared to other cities, but probably on the above-average size for NY hotels, and are fairly well appointed and comfortable. There is a Starbucks in the lobby, but not coffee/tea facilities in the room, which is a bit odd. As noted in other reviews, the walls were somewhat thin - I was near the elevators and could easily hear the bells ringing, though was able to drown out the sound by keeping the air running. All in all, I would say this a great place to stay as a base for exploring NYC or doing business when you will spend most of your time away from the hotel and need a comfortable, centrally located place to sleep. I had no problems with the room or staff, though it did take a few phone calls to get a late checkout for 2:00, as opposed to the 12:30 initially offered.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great for the price	Priceline chose this hotel for me when I decided to book a trip to NYC just 3 days ahead of traveling. I paid $180/night before taxes and was not disappointed. The location was great, being connected to Grand Central. The lobby was gorgeous, all decorated for the holidays. My queen room was just fine for me (I was alone). The bed was comfy, it was very quiet (I was far from the elevators), and the shower was hot. The bathroom was not the nicest I've seen..........a little dated........but clean enough. I could not help noticing black mold in the grout of the tub but, like I said, it was dated. The concierge was helpful and friendly when I asked for directions and the front desk staff were cheerful when I asked them to make change for large bills on 2 occasions.I did not order room service, nor did I eat in their restaurants so I can't comment on that. I'd recommend this hotel just for location but it might not be worth paying $400/night as their website is now quoting. Just my opinion.	
Dec 5 2008 	Pretty decent mid-tier hotel good location	Can't say much bad here, except make sure you don't get a room near the elevators, I had one and had to ask for a switch, which they graciously granted quickly with a room upgrade.Gym here is fine, nice view from the top of the building. Rooms are fine, nice beds, average bathrooms, about what you'd expect. All-in-all a very generic place to stay if you like that sort of thing.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great location okay room	The hotel is in an excellent location, easy access to everything either walking or the great connections from GC station. The hotel has a very impressive foyer, but unfortunately I wasn't particularly impressed with the room. Being NY I didn't expect a lot of space, which was fine, but the beds were the smallest doubles I have EVER seen! We enquired and were told they were the standard size for the hotel. We are all petite 5'5&quot;s so I'm not sure what anyone larger would do. I would agree with the comments from other reviewers who said the walls were thin, especially as there were boisterous kids in the room next door. The room was also very dark with no main ceiling light. The main reason to stay at the Grand Hyatt is the location, which is excellent. The room was ok, but at over $400 a night I would have expected a bit better. If I got a good room deal I would stay there again for a leisure trip because of its proximity to all major attractions. For business there are other hotels with better rates for the same standard.	
Dec 5 2008 	Dirty and dated	Now, I normally do not write bad reviews of hotels as I am always looking for the positives in things. Besides the fairly decent location of this hotel, and the gorgeous lobby, this hotel was terrible. Our room was small, dark, dated and dirty. The washroom floor was that of a public bathroom, I had to wear my sandals in the shower, and that is something I have never experienced in all my travels through Europe and the Middle East. There is no fan in the washroom, and no mini bar in the room.. I do understand that it is New York, and most hotel rooms in the city are small, but I was not expecting THIS out of a Hyatt hotel. Upon returning to the hotel, very well dressed, I might add, we were greeted by a security gaurd asking for picture ID's and hotel room keys. And then harassed for 10 minutes by the &quot;gaurd&quot;. Not what I would call &quot;high class&quot; for the price we were paying. It would cost all of $5k to put in a key fob system for the elevators. I would never go back to this hotel, even if someone paid me.	
Nov 29 2008 	Macy Parade Get Away	My husband and I stayed at the New York Grand Hyatt for the Thanksgiving Macy Parade week. As soon as you walk in the lobby, your breath is taken away by the enormous, breath taking view. We arrived at 6:30 am not expecting to get into our room right away and was pleasently surprised of being told our room was ready and that we were upgraded to a King Delux room on the 30th floor. Our room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable, for the first time in months, my husband woke up each morning without a backache. The bathroom had all the ammenities one would need, and the showers had great water pressure. This beautiful hotel is connected to Grand Central Station and is conveniently and centrally located to everything; Rockerfeller Center, Times Square, Broadway and even Central Park if you are willing to walk. We took the subway one day to China Town and Little Italy, and spent the last four walking everywhere. The customer service of the registration desk and concerige was impecable. They were very helpful, gave suggestions on things to do and provided maps on how to get there. The front desk offered us a late check out (2:00 pm) at no extra charge. I became a Hyatt Gold Member this summer when we stayed at the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco. This is the only hotel I want to stay at due to the wonderful service this hotel offers.	
Nov 24 2008 	Excellent Stay	Stayed there from 11/17-11/21 and had a very good experience. I had a room on the 26th floor and the noise from the open window (a nice feature) was not bad. Fast service at check in, and very kind when I locked my key in the room! Room was small (normal for NYC) but very clean. Lobby was impressive. If you can, try and get the Club level as the breakfast (continental) was excellent. Health club was very clean and all of the equipment was very up-to-date. Will stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 24 2008 	grand on the outside not bad on the inside	For the location itself, you just can't beat this. Got this hotel through priceline and it is joined to grand central station. so if you're sightseeing by foot and subway, this is an ideal pick. the lobby/foyer is truly breathtaking and huge. you'll need to go up the stairs or escalators to get to the check in counter. they have self check-in machines as well (note: the self check-out took an excruciating long time for me). for self check-in, i got 1 queen but wanted 2 beds so i went to the counter and was lucky to change it to my request because they had an availability at the time. (i checked in ~1:30pm or so on a saturday). we got a room on the 21st floor near the end of one of the long corridors and well away from the elevators. that was nice so less noise and less people passing your room. the room is fairly large for a new york hotel. it's true the tv is not a flat screen, but that was no big deal to me. the sink in the bathroom is on the small side as other reviews state. very little counter space for toiletries. shower is okay. what i did notice is the stains - saw a stain on the carpet in the closet, a small stain on the outside bed cover (that didn't come off in the wash) and even a tiny one on 1 of the pillows. you can actually open the window and let some of the air in. there is an ipod docking station for the radio/alarm clock, but i didn't use it. there are like 8 or more elevators, but only half go to certain floors and the other half goes to the rest. we once took one of the right set of elevators and found it wouldn't stop at our floor. (p.s. I won the bid on priceline for $140/nt for 2 nights - great deal)	
Nov 17 2008 	Very Nice	My stay for my birthday was fantastic, made me feel welcome and staff and location was excelent....i couldnt not complain and rooms were fantastic	
Nov 16 2008 	All in all pretty good for New York	One of the better hotel experiences I've had in New York.Pros:- excellent location, right next to Grand Central Station- spacious rooms- looks recently renovated/well kept-up (a lot of hotels in NY are old and tired)- very comfortable beds- &quot;reasonable&quot; (for hotels) WiFi rate ($9.99/day with T-Mobile HotSpot)Cons:- paper-thin walls, you can clearly hear everything going on in the next room- shower not great (takes a while for water to get hot)- no fridge/mini-bar in room	
Nov 14 2008 	Major Disappointment	I can say with confidence that this hotel is far from 'Grand.' It's the last day of a 3-night stay here. I'm visiting NYC for a business trip and have the luxury of expensing this. Even so, this was a major disappointment, to say the least. The lobby is grand, but it stops there. You're greeted not by a front desk, but by a troop of check-in machines. This was impressive at first since I prefer it to speaking with a receptionist, but the machine ran out of room cards, so I ended up having to go up to the front desk. It took double the time to check in.They gave me a room on the 19th floor, and my first reaction to the room was, &quot;This is it?&quot; The room was small, tired, and the bathroom smelled like wet socks. What was in the room? Queen bed, tv (not flat screen), sitting chair, sliding closet doors, and cockroaches--yes, COCKROACHES. I found them crawling around when I went to the restroom in the middle of the night, and then again in the morning. The man that answered my call didn't seem surprised at all by my discovery. The staff switched my rooms very quickly, gave me an upgraded room a couple of floors up, and $100 credit for food. It was definitely an improvement. Room service took almost an hour to arrive, even though they told me it would only take 20 minutes. Overall, this was a disappointment, considering the room was $350/night. If I were paying for this out of pocket, I would never consider returning.	
Nov 11 2008 	Very Nice..but.....	First time at this Hotel.. Great reputation....close to everything.Room was small, very clean..but walls are paper thin. We were on the 21st floor. Well decorated room very comfortable bed...nice TV.Small complaints.....ready to jump in the shower only to realize there were no wash cloths! So, I had to use the small towels at that point as I was not looking to track them down at 6 AM!Clanging noise all night long..not sure what it was...we were not near the elevator but it was just enough to annoy you! It was coming out of the walls!That put aside..professional staff..very helpful..clean....nice ambiance.Would I stay again? YES..but I will bring my own wash cloths just in case!	
Nov 1 2008 	Great Location	I travel to New York several times a year and for the past several trips have stayed at the Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street. The overall location is incredible. Adjacent to Grand Central Station, most desitnations are typically only minutes away. Within walking distance of Times Square, 5th Avenue Shopping and the NYC Library. Most rooms are nice, but don't expect big spacious rooms unless you book a suite. Some rooms are nicer than others, but all in all the hotel is really nice and very elegant. Security is tight so don't be surprised if you are approached by a &quot;jacket&quot; if you don't appear to have a purpose in the hotel.	
Oct 31 2008 	wow	Right in the middle of everything. Everything I expect from a Hyatt. Very attentive staff, nice room.Good stuff.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location average hotel	We booked this hotel through priceline.com so got a fantastic deal. It is in a great location, on top of grand central station in midtown. The hotel room itself was average (on 19th floor), a bit like a run down hampton inn or holiday inn. The room was big but dark and dingy. There was no mini-bar, no tea/coffee. We were travelling with a toddler so a fridge would have been useful but they charge $25 for one.We had a king size bed which I found very uncomfortable (hard) and the sheets were too small; they kept coming out from under the mattress. The pillows were also uncomfortable and not all the same; some were too soft, some too hard. We were provided a pack and play free of charge but it had a bumpy surface so we did not use it for our son. Room service menu was very expensive and there was a $5 delivery charge per person as well as a mandatory 15% gratuity charge. All in all, it is a good hotel if you get very discounted rates like we did because the location is unbeatable and you probably won't spend much time in your room as a tourist in NYC.	
Oct 25 2008 	A great experience with a little planning ahead	I did my research and checked tripadvisor.com before heading to NYC for the Food Network Wine and Food Festival with my husband. This was a package deal that included accommodations at the Grand Hyatt. I had read on this site about the noise issue with adjoining rooms... so I planned ahead:*I contacted the hotel directly 2 days before our arrival date and asked about the room that came with the package. I was informed that it was a Queen Deluxe Room (which I knew in advance).*The hotel reservations person on the other end of the line happened to be one of the Reservations Supervisors.*I explained that I wanted to add my Gold Passport account number to my reservation and after doing so, asked if I could change my room to a King without an adjoining room.*The Reservations Supervisor was very accommodating and handled my request with ease. He told me that although I was blocked with other rooms at the package rate, he pulled our reservation out and put us on the 26th floor in a King Deluxe Room (see pictures) without an adjoining room.*I asked if it would be worth the extra money ($100/night) to upgrade to the Regency Club Floor, but with all of the activities of the events we were attending (ie. lots of food and wine), he didn't feel that the room would be worth the extra money. I really appreciated that.*When we arrived (Thursday late afternoon), our room was just as promised... on the 26th floor, on a corner, away from the elevator and the ice machine and without an adjoining room. *Although we had to deal with noise from a loud family across the hall in several rooms (without adjoining doors!), the overall experience was very, very good.--- Just a piece of advice, my Gold Passport number had not been used in many, many years so I re-enrolled two weeks before we traveled and obtained a new number. Even if you don't plan to stay at a Hyatt very much in the future, it is good to have a Gold Passport number as you will likely get better service as a loyalty customer.Also, I have to say that we have been to NYC 5 times in the last 7 years or so... we really enjoy NYC... and this has been the best hotel experience for us by far. The location of the hotel is perfect and by being attached to Grand Central Terminal, transportation is easy, getting a cab is easy, and the Food Court in the Terminal is very, very good when you want a light snack or a meal. We will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel Great City	Just back from 4 night stay in Grand Hyatt with 2 girlfriends. Flew into Newark got the Liberty Express bus to 41st street just around the corner from the Hotel. Got to hotel at 12.30 no problem checking in, no queues, lovely room on the 28th floor. Did not hear any noise from the other rooms. Used the Concierge service only for directions and they were very helpful. Only problem is the bar is a rip off, go outside to some of the bars in the area if you would like a drink - gin and tonic at $12 is a bit over the top by any standards. Did the Hop on Hop off bus for the first time, would definitely recommend that. All in all a great experience and would have no problem recommending the hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	Not Worth It - Shameful	This hotel is far from Grand. The hotel room was average. The location was great, but I can think of many others with a great location and value. After paying over $400 a night, they wanted to charge us $20 for the use of a corkscrew, claiming it as corkage fee. I have travelled the world and have not heard of such a charge. They told us we could always go across the street to the drugstore to buy one. Shameful.	
Oct 18 2008 	First Impression of Hyatt -- Disappointed	I needed a hotel room at the last minute and was kind of excited when Priceline gave me The Hyatt Grand for $210. Luckily, my stay was only one night.The hotel is in a great location,but there are other hotels in great locations so if I were you, I wouldn't use &quot;location&quot; as a reason to stay here. The reason is, you don't get much value for the money.The rooms are very clean, sterile and have no feeling to them. The bathrooms are tiny with VERY little counterspace and the TVs are kind of outdated. The service was friendly, but in a robotic &quot;just doing my job and my job is to be nice to you, punk&quot; kind of way and honestly, I just got a creepy vibe from the place. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 16 2008 	Location yes service NO -- stay somewhere else	I wish I could give this hotel a great review because it's in an excellent spot and it really is a beautiful place. I've worked in the hotel industry before, however, and know that at this price point, all that distinguishes you from another hotel is your service. The Grand Hyatt's service was dreadful, and I will not return because of it.We attempted to check in early, as we'd indicated on our reservation, and were told nothing would be available until 4 p.m., and that the onus was on us to call and check when something would be open. Annoying, but OK, no huge deal -- though we were tired from the red-eye flight, there was no guarantee of getting a room early. We then asked the snotty front desk clerk for a hospitality room or some sort of place to change our clothes and maybe even brush our teeth. He told us there was nothing and -- get this -- pointed to the lobby bathroom.I'm sorry, but at $250+ per night, I'm expecting slightly more than a point to the bathroom. Thankfully, a nice lobby agent walked us there and tried to talk to us and make up for the front desk clerk's snarky service. We changed in cramped stalls and went out to the lobby to rest for a moment before hunting for breakfast. As I sat down and placed my feet on top of a large ottoman, not 10 seconds passed before a security guard came over and demanded I remove my feet -- from an OTTOMAN. What exactly is it there for if not to rest your feet?In any case, I explained that we'd just come in on the red-eye, were just trying to rest for a moment before heading out ... yeah, nothing but another admonishment. That was the last straw. You don't have a room, fine -- but don't make the whole thing worse by being rude at every turn.The rooms are recently remodeled, so that's good, and they're spacious by NYC standards. Bathroom is absolutely tiny, but clean. Elevator service is fairly rapid, though a malfunctioning one did send us between our floor and the next one down three times before finally taking us to the lobby one day.Again, it's not bad, but not nearly what it should be at its star level and price point. For what you'll spend, spend it somewhere else.	
Oct 13 2008 	What you would expect	Stayed in the Hyatt NY over a weekend whilst I was out in the US on business, partially due to getting Hyatt points on someone elses' money, but also as I know I will get a certain standard.Hotels in Manhattan are always far more expensive than elsewhere, and the rooms tend to be far smaller as an added kick in the teeth. Although I was not paying, the rate was only a little more than some far less salubrious places around mid-town, and having done cheap in Manhattan I knew it wasn't a great idea to go budget.On arrival, despite (or probabaly because of) disrupted flights there was a pretty large queue, but there were a huge number of automated check in machines that no-one seemed to be using - walk straight up, check in and get the key, go. Not entirely sure why people weren't using these as if you have a confirmation code or have booked directly with a credit card it couldn't be easier. Good way of avoiding the queue, and although you're never going to get free upgrade you can change your choice of room on the spot even on the machines.I won't go on about the lobby area ostentatious water features as to my mind they are extremely tacky, but who cares?The room itself was, despite being the towards the bottom of the range, incredibly spacious for a NY room - the only downside was a pretty tiny bathroom, but still stocked with good toiletries.I can't comment on the room service as, this being NY on my free weekend, I didn't eat in. But I must say that the staff, who do check that you're staying if you try to get in after around 12am, were perfectly courteous despite me rolling back in a sorry state sometime around dawn.The location is obviously good for midtown - you are on top of Grand Central and all that entails - but as someone who ends up downtown it is not perfect, however hotels downtown tend to be either exceptionally expense boutiques or very rough, and at least taxis always know where Grand Central is.The rates here fluctuate quite a lot, and it is never going to be the cheapest place in town, but the standards are ones you can rely on, more so than at a Hilton, Marriott or other mid to high level hotels. It is a big hotel so don't expect the kind of personal service you can get from a boutique, but everyone here seems to want to give you a good time in the apple.	
Oct 13 2008 	In the heart of the city...	My daughter and I went to New York for an overnighter to see The Little Mermaid on Broadway. I'm a Hyatt Platinum Passport member, so I was able to get a room at the Hyatt at Grand Central using my points. Considering how expensive rooms are in New York, I was thrilled to get the room for &quot;free.&quot;We had requested two double beds; and, because we checked in early, we ended up getting a &quot;smoking&quot; room. I didn't think this would be an issue, but if you're not a smoker, the smell is overwhelming. We turned the a/c on and opened the window, but it never really dissipated.The room itself is smaller than average for a US hotel and the bathroom was tiny by American standards. I had asked for extra towels when I booked online and someone came up to the room promptly with an armful of towels. The room was clean (except for the smoke smell), but it's obvious this is an older hotel. One of the lamps in the room didn't work; in fact that outlet didn't work at all. So, they should probably do some updating and fixing to the electrical.The location is the best thing about this hotel. Located inside Grand Central, you have access to the subways plus the dining area, which is very good. Walking over to Times Square took about 15 minutes and was very doable.The Little Mermaid was the highlight of our trip. My daughter has always loved the movie, so it was a lot of fun going to see it with her. The theatre is older, but so beautiful. Every seat has a great view of the stage.Overall it was a fun trip. Next time, I'd wait for another room over taking a smoking room. Even when you think you've gotten used to the smell, you realize that you haven't.	
Oct 12 2008 	great holiday	Having stayed in The Casablanca last year and loving it I decided to come back again.I noticed that the price had significantly increased so I looked around.I got a really good deal for the Hyatt and it was 800 cheaper than the casablanca ! (saving for 2 for 1 weeks stay).I have read some of the reviews on here and was worried. When we arrived , the lady on reception was lovely, really friendly and she gave us vouchers for free coffee for every day of our stay.I had booked a room with 2 double beds and the room was very spacious, bright and modern.The beds are really comfortable.I was pleased to find an ipod dock and a huge TV.The bathroom was average size with a fairly small bath but that wasn't an issue.I never encountered any problems with noise at all and we were facing the road.You did hear the odd door close but not at inconvenient times.I cannot comment on the food as we never tried any.There are numerous places to eat and drink nearby and all very reasonable ( and huge portions !)Overall I was very impressed with the hotel.It is huge and impersonal but so what, you don't really spend that much time in there anyway. The lobby is impressive and very busy.I would definately return and recommend it.I thought it was a bargain compared to the smaller hotels and a great location too.	
Oct 11 2008 	Will never stay at a Hyatt again...	My husband and I booked our stay at the Grand Hyatt for a wedding he was a part of in NYC. The hotel was recommended by the wedding party and centrally located. That was about all I could recommend about it. Because we have a small child and this was our first weekend away in over a year, we phoned the hotel directly and upgraded to a the Lexington Suite and asked for an early check-in. We arrived last Friday afternoon about 2pm. The room was not yet ready, so we checked our luggage and went out to do some shopping and walking. We needed to get back to the hotel by 3pm as we needed to be downtown for the rehearsal at 4:30pm.and we both needed to shower and change. When we arrived at 3pm our room was still not ready and they could not help us further. The manager actually interjected when we were complaining to the clerk and stated, sorry, first come, first serve and we would have to wait until 4pm. After checking back twice more between 3 and 3:45pm...the room was still not ready and the desk clerks never once offered an alternative. Finally my husband demanded another room to change in, but we were told we had to come back by 10:30pm in order to move to our original room. There was no offer made to move our things or assist in any way. We left the rehearsal dinner to head back uptown to check into our original room and then had to move our bags to the suite. I was extremely disappointed in the lack of proactive offers to help us. If we had not demanded a substitute room to change in, I'm certain we would've ended up changing in the lobby bathrooms. While the accomodations were ok, the bathroom was not what was promised via phone. My husband specifically asked if there was a soaking tub, and the response was yes, it was a marble bathtub. Well, the walls were marble, but the bathtub was not deep enough to soak in and the bathroom was mediocre at best. What was planned as a romantic and fun weekend was soured by a very uncaring staff. This hotel caters to large bus tour groups...which we saw numerous members of come and go from the lobby. Not the kind of place you want to stay in if you're looking for any kind of service.	
Oct 11 2008 	Mixed Feelings	Mid-February I decided to take my girlfriend to New York. Being a fan of the Hyatt Franchise I decided to book my 12 night trip at the Grand Hyatt. The lobby is quite simply beautiful, with a nice bar and a good restaurant. We checked into our room and I very unhappy with what I found. There room was very small, there was paint on the floor and a very small bathroom. But having just been on a 11 hour flight I was happy to find that the beds were very comfortable. One does notice that the doors really SLAM shut, they will easily wake you up early in the morning.  The location of the hotel is great, you really are a walking distance away from everything. There are great restaurants and bars all around. There is also a supermarket around the corner (important seeing as a bottle of water costs more than $5).  All-in-all I really enjoyed my trip to New York, but I would not stay at the Grand Hyatt again (seeing as it cost me an average of $380 a night, with two nights costing as much as $620), there are much better and cheaper alternatives around.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great stay at the Grand Hyatt	The location of this hotel was absolutely wonderful. It was convenient for walking many places and the subway was easily accessible. Our room was decent size for 2 people. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the Grand Central food court and the drug store across the street for snacks. Our experience was everything we had hoped for in a New York City hotel. R &amp; J Texas	
Oct 6 2008 	Great stay at the Hyatt	A friend and I stayed here for a weekend and had a great time. The front desk staff are very efficient and even when we asked to change rooms for one with a bath as well as a shower this was no problem. Room was very large and tastefully decorated. Location is great. You can walk to theatres, Fifth Avnue, Rockefeller Center etc and bearing in mind the location there was no noise.Bar was great for a snacks and cocktails. Breakfast buffett was very good but quite pricey. There is a coffee stand in the lobby with a good choice of muffins, pastries, fruit etc which you can take up to the room.Concierge very helpful as were all the staff we encountered.Would stay again with no hesitation if able to get a similar rate. We paid $339 a night which I thought was fair for what we got.My only negative was that the bathrooms are a little bit tired and smallish in comparison to the room, but they are spotlessly clean.	
Oct 5 2008 	below average -- rude clerks limited luggage assistance many other issues	Did not like my stay and would not return.The room:Rooms are not large, there is no tea/coffee maker, robe, waters, mini bar. I actually ended up staying in two different rooms over three days and the ipod docking station/radio did not work in one. Walls are really thin -- you can hear the people in the rooms next to yours as well as in the hallway.The food:I ordered room service twice: once for dinner and once for breakfast. For dinner, I called at 10:30 and asked to have my food brought no earlier than 11:15 (I had plans in the interim). The person said, &quot;Sure, we have a wait of at least 50 min anyway and your food will come at 11:15-11:20.&quot; When I returned to the room at 11:15, there was a message on my phone saying that they tried to deliver my dinner at 11 but I was not there. I called room service and they said they'll bring the food up. When the food arrived at 11:30, it was stone cold. I called them to mention something (an omelet was $23, otherwise I may have just eaten it, with all the charges and fees, and an $8 cup of tea, the total came to nearly $65). They said they'd bring the food up, which took another 45 minutes. Not impressed (though they did take it off my account in the end).The service:On a couple of occasions, no one was available to help me with my bags. I would either have to wait a while or carry them myself (I opted for the latter). The check-out person was rude, dismissive, and interrupted me several times as I was trying to clarify some of the charges on the bill. The bar charge was wrong by $10 ($40 instead of $30), but apparently it was too difficult to figure out how to fix it.The hotel is close to a subway station and there are noises at night (loud enough to wake you).The location is convenient if you are a tourist in NY. I was staying at the Hyatt for business and did not have a chance to take advantage of the nearby shopping, etc.The gym was smallish and again, average, with no bottled water provided, though you could fill tiny paper cups from water coolers.Overall, a very average stay with some problems. I would neither return to this hotel nor recommend it to others.	
Sep 29 2008 	Very Impressed	I was a bit worried about this hotel after reading some of the reviews but I really really liked it. We had a two double bed room. Although it wasn't a massive room there was pleanty of space. I don't understand why people are complaining about the size - you surely don't go to New York to stay in your room all day ? Beds were really comfy. Couldn't hear any noise in the corrider - apart from the occasional door.The staff on reception were really friendly. The man on the visitor desk was very helpful too. We didn't eat in the hotel - but the restaurant and bar looked very nice - tad expensive for us though !The hotel is in a perfect location - sandwiched in between the Chrysler and Grand Central. Minutes from the top of Fifth Ave, a short walk to Times Square. I booked this hotel through E Bookers and with flights for 4 days the trip came to 630 - I'm suprised it was so cheap after staying in such a nice hotel. When I return I will definatley try an get in to this hotel.We flew into Newark Taxis cost $80 with toll and tip. I believe it's a flat rate of $45 if you fly to JFK.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Location Very Comfortable 	Hotel is located in a great location above Grand Central Station which is spectacular!! Everything you want to see in NYC is either a cheap cab ride away or a short trip on the subway.Rooms are comfortable, clean and beds are great!! The service was also good... We had a few issues and spoke to the staff who happily assisted us and were very approachable.Overall it is a great hotel... And if you get in early, you can get a cheap price!! Cheaper than some of the 3 star hotels too...	
Sep 22 2008 	Disappointing	I stayed here in July for 2 nights for a business trip. The location was very convenient -- right by Grand Central station and all its amenities. I was surprised to see a self serve kiosk to check in, but that worked fine. It did not work so fine when I used it a couple of days later to check out.The lobby was impressive, but my room was not. It was your typical tiny overpriced ($289/night) NYC hotel room with shower stall. The window faced an office building and got little light. The room was noisy as well, being close to the vending machines. Maybe they gave me a lousy room because I'm not in their frequent traveler program??Lighting inside the room was poor, and I had some trouble connecting to the internet on my second day there, for some reason (ended up renting some equipment from the front desk).Overall, a pretty disappointing experience. I expected the rooms to be a little more &quot;grand&quot; when I first walked in to the hotel.	
Sep 19 2008 	Can't Beat the Location!	Contrary to other reviews on here, we found our stay (on the 30th floor) to be comfortable, clean, roomy enough for two adults, and you did *not* have to pay extra for cable television, though there is a $10;/ night charge for wifi.This was the best location for sightseeing. It was within walking distance to all the major things we wanted to see (Empire and Chrysler buildings, Times Square, Central Park, Roc. Center) but so close to the subway that all other areas are very accessible.For the price we expected access to the club floor for continental breakfast, or at least an in room coffee maker. But no such luck. In any event, this would be a great home base if you don't mind the $400/night price tag.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Grand Hyatt was perfect. Checked in at 11 am and room was ready. Room was on the 30th floor. Bathroom was a little small, but the room itself was huge. The hotel's location is perfect. It's right next to Grand Central Station, you don't even have to walk outside to get to Grand Central Station since they have a walk way from the hotel. It's only about 5 blocks to Times Square. Staff was very friendly and helpful, helped us with directions.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great location but several small problems	I enjoyed my stay here. The location is amazing, just like every reviewer says. Grand central is one of my favorite spots in NYC and I loved stopping by everynight when the crowds had gone and I had the place to myself. The hotel lobby is large and beautiful and always bustling with people. Check-in was great as we were allowed to check in at 11am(we got lucky and I wouldn't expect to get early checkin very often). The rooms are huge(not just for New York, but by any city's standard). King size beds were very comfortable as were the array of pilows of varying softness. Alarm clock had an ipod dock which was nice. Bathrooms are small but not tiny. The rooms are a little worn. A/C was cool but never cold, and the room had a faint musty smell. Our sheets were mildy dirty when we arrived, but were promptly changed upon request. The doors that lead to the rooms are very thin and do not reach the ground, so every noise in the hallway can be heard(luckily I'm a sound sleeper). These were all minor annoyances for me but could be problems for the pickier traveler. Overall I would recommend this hotel to al my friends and I would return. Just an FYI, catching a cab in front of the hotel can be difficult at certain times(like dinner time on a Saturday night), it usually pays to walk around the corner rather than wait in the long lines.	
Sep 17 2008 	Still Great	This was my third visit to this hotel and my 14th visit to New York, I love the place.The Grand Hyatt remains my top choice of hotel in this city due to its blend of quality and location. The general standard of this hotel sets a general benchmark that I use when travelling. In basic terms it does the simple things well and the obvious things very well. It meets expectation.I love the fact that Cisz Henderson captured the hotel between Grand Central Station and The Chrysler Building in one of his recent paintings.Top tip - If you are travelling on a budget or simply want to experience the real New York use the subway to reach this hotel from JFK. All you need to do is use the free airport bus that collects outside the arrivals halls and takes you to the Howards Beach subway station. Then take a train to the Grand Central Station. This is right next to the hotel. Very cheap and quite entertaining as a travel option.	
Sep 15 2008 	Location Location Location	As everyone on here has said, this the &quot;location&quot; hotel for NYC. It sits above the Grand Central subway making connections easy for everywhere in NYC.Otherwise the hotel is just a low luxury huge box hotel. Nothing wrong with it but nothing exceptional. We used it for a Yankee stadium base which was perfect for the (4)subway line.The Palace cafe across the street was good for breakfast (after 8:00 a.m.) and the Gray Line tours are outside the front door.There was easy check-in and out and no glitches with the hotel website booking.	
Sep 11 2008 	Central location for exploring NY	We enjoyed 5 days at the Grand Hyatt before our cruise departed. Booked by our travel agent, she said it was a deal, we loved the location, central to everything. Our room was ok, a little small, but comfortable. At check-in the clerk asked about our plans. I thought, how nice, and started telling her how excited we were to be in NY. She got this look on her face and continued an up-sale of some theater tickets. Oh, I got it. She was not being personally friendly or interested in us, just doing her job of pushing the services from a script. So I put my heart back in my pocket, settled down and enjoyed the rest of my stay. Services were fine, they cleaned the room and changed the sheets. But the big draw is LOCATION. Amazing. Try to get a better price and avoid what looks like a car payment each day you stay.	
Sep 5 2008 	great location	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt during the last week of August. We had already paid for the room 2 months ago through the hotel's website and picked a room on the executive floor (31) which offered continental breakfast and afternoon snacks in a separate room. Our room was spacious and the bed sooo comfortable. The bathroom was small with basic amenities. Our room overlooked 42 st.. It was neat and tidy and was cleaned meticulously every day. The breakfast and the snacks were better than expected so you may want to choose this option while making a reservation. THe hotel is right next to the grand central terminal and within 5 minutes from 5th avenue. It has an impressive entrance. THe concierge staff were very helpful when booking restaurants and US open tickets. I can't say I was very impressed with the check-in process. (maybe I'd expect a more detailed analysis of the room facilities and the accommodation details) . Anyway it's a hotel which is conveniently located and offers easy access to every place you may want to visit in Manhattan or somewhere else.	
Aug 30 2008 	Very nice hotel got excellent rate via Priceline	Very nice hotel in the same building as Grand Central Terminal(GCT) (you can get to GCT through a door in the lobby without going outside). Room was small but I don't care about that. Food was very expensive in the hotel itself, but there are reasonable options in the food section of GCT.Staff was excellent, just one issue. You could hear everything from the room next door, the sound insulation was inadequate. We had to call several times to get security to ask our neighbors to quiet it down a bit.	
Aug 30 2008	great location	Great hotel and ideal location walk away from 5th avenue, saks etc short taxi ride to macys. Next to grand central station making it ideal to visit other new york landmarks. The hotel itself is huge food is great the rooms are spacious considering its new york. found the staff very helpful and polite.	
Aug 26 2008 	Ideal for a short stay	Having just got back from a 4 day trip to NYC, staying at the Grand Hyatt, I now know why there are mixed reviews for this hotel. It's good points:- centrally located - ideal for sightseeing and shopping - an easy walk to everything in midtown - nice looking hotel - good value for money if you can get a short stay deal - nicely decorated - helpful staff - coffee kiosk in the lobby - easy to get taxi's from and back to being next door to Grand Central Station - comfortable beds - nice clean bed linen - good sized closet for clothes and suitcases - iPod docking station/speakers - cable TV - tour kiosk in lobby - walkway through to Grand Central Station.It's bad points - very very busy hotel - lobby always full (tourists, business people, convention people) - room smaller than expected - bathroom much smaller than expected - little annoying things in or rather not in the room: no bin in bathroom, not enough towels for 2 - some broken glass along skirting board - one of the lamps not working - the room doors don't close quietly no matter how hard you try (take earplugs for sleeping).Despite the bad points above - I would definitely stay here again. After weeks and weeks of internet surfing for a decent hotel at a good rate this was the best I could find and it is good value for money - 660 for 4 nights for the room.I would highly recommend this hotel for a short tourist/shopping stay in NYC - we literally only used the room for sleeping and washing in as we spent most waking hours out and about.	
Aug 22 2008 	Beware the upgrade	Hard to beat for location. Simply great.Service very impersonal, checking out is pretty much automated. No-one readily available to talk to if a problem.Room is adequate, but poorly cleaned (found previous guests' keycard behind cabinet). Electrics dodgy - cartoon sparks from socket when I plugged in. No view whatsoever from window.I booked business class so that I could treat my 10 yr old to breakfast each morning. This was a disappointment because they give you vouchers at check-in which you redeem on paying the breakfast bill. So far so good, but then I found my $45 per breakfast (me and 10yr old) only covered coffee and a Danish! Had to upgrade again to get hot food (another $26 each morning)! Naughty not to be advised up front when I booked especially as I seemed to pay tax twice - once when booking and again when paying the breakfast bill. Big mistake.Upgrading to Business class didnt even get me a free TV channel - all TV was at extra cost. Not really a problem as this wasn't a priority for us, but if you want to unwind with some local telly, open your wallet. Also had to fork out extra $10 to access internet in the room which turned out to be so limited as to be useless to me.Foyer is an extravagant aircraft hangar of a space. I loved it, but others might find it too impersonal.Fantastic city to have a holiday in, but I'll look for another hotel next time.	
Aug 19 2008 	Loved it	We stayed three nights at the Hyatt and had a great time. We will deinately consider this hotell again on our next visit to NY. Pros:- location! Great location right next to Grand Central Therminal. Easy axcess to the subway and walking distance to a lot of sights, restaurants etc. Always taxies upfront as well- Friendly and helpful staff. - We got a free upgrade without even asking for it and got a delux king room. The room was large (extremely large for NY) and nicely decored. Very clean. We would have appriciated one more armchair though. - our room did not have a view, but I would think that the rooms facing the street had an amazing view.- aircon was quite and worked very vellCons:- wifi ($10 for 24h). The internet was slow and expensive- it annoyed me standing almost 30 minutes in line, and paying $2 for each bag/suitcase, to get our luggage stored a couple of hours the day of departure. - The room was quite dark, even when all the lights were turned on- It was raining really hard the first day and I asked the concierge where I could get an umbrelly. I was told the closest place would be at a store down the street, which ment I was soaked by the time I got there. Our friends that stayed at another hotell nearby were offered free umbrellas.Free would of course be appriciated, but at least Hyatt should have some for sale.- I found it strange that they only sold stamps for mail to be sent within the US	
Aug 17 2008 	great hotel loved it!!!	This hotel was great right in the middle of it!, Go down stairs and take a train anywear. a few blocks up was time square,an easy walk. the rooms were nice not huge but my wife and 2 kids did well for staying 8 days When we go back I will look at this hotel first.	
Aug 11 2008 	Rooms dark and small for a family group	Our family of two adults and two children stayed here for two nights. We booked a room with two double beds and, unlike other US hotels we stayed in, they were just UK sized doubles, i.e. minimum size for a double.The room was the smallest we had in our tour of the USA and it was dark - reading at any time of day was impossible.The bathroom was the tiniest we had as well.However, on a positive note, the staff were helpful at all times and we liked the lobby, which is a work of art in itself with its waterfalls. Best of all is the location - central for everything.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great location and room bigger then I thought it would be	Wow you just can't beat the location, just far enough away from Times Square (you can walk to times square in a matter of minutes) that you don't hear much noise or have that ADD feeling from all the flashing times square lights and all the people.The room was clean and allot bigger then I thought it would be. Staff was always very friendly and we were lucky to get an early check in as a room had just become available. Beds are super comfortable. We asked for a fridge for 25 dollars and it was great to buy cereal and milk and save on buying breakfast everyday.The only drawback is the bathroom is super tiny. The toilet is butt up against the sink and you feel really crowded. I booked through priceline so got an awesome deal of 152 a night. If I would of paid the regular 300 I would have been bummed but for the price I paid the room was fantastic! We ate at the comfort diner and the food was great and affordable. Also tried Serendipity 3 and the desserts were amazing. Stay away from Planet Hollywood, way overpriced for just ok food.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great location but oh so dark and gloomy	Stayed here for business in June - great location to walk all over Manhattan. Very corporate hotel, staff not very friendly. Worst thing though was the lighting - so gloomy everywhere. In the rooms in particular it was almost impossible to see what you were doing. The only bright lighting I had to get dressed in was in the closet!!	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent Location for all sites	Ok lets start with all the good. Check in smooth nice rooms, rented 2 rooms, King Deluxe for us doubles for kids. Limited view but what do you expect in concrete jungle. Rooms clean no problems plenty of towels, Ipod clock was nice, Conicerge very helpful in pointing us in the right direction. Walking distance to the following, Empire, tour boats, Times square, central park, MTA Subway right next door. We Subwayed to Ground Zero and Yankee Stadium to far. Problems Breakfast Buffett $32 a person yikes!!! concierge set us up with a couple local cafes and they are perfect. Our Room on 17 kids on 30 had to go to lobby to switch elevators not a real problem but something to note.All in all a big thumbs up	
Aug 5 2008 	A very good stay - an impressive hotel	Because of the many complaints on this site about the standard of its rooms, it was with some trepidation that my wife and I booked our stay at the Grand Hyatt in NYC. I have been a Platinum card-holder with Hyatt for some years, and I must admit that their hotels are not all of the same standard. Most are large and impersonal, but that is the nature of that type of hotel, which caters more for business travellers and (in major cities) airline personnel than holidaymakers. This hotel is huge! The foyer is redolent of an airport terminal, with high ceilings, check in desks, roped off areas and large numbers of seats. Cosy and bijou it isn't, but it is impressive. There wasn't a time when it wasn't teeming with people, and we were struck by the large numbers of school groups that were staying there (perhaps that's why I keep hearing that some rooms are in poor repair ... most young people I have come across are no respecters of others' property). However I have to say that their hotel in downtown Manhattan was one of the best Hyatts I have stayed in. Admittedly I did use my points to upgrade to the Hyatt Regency floor (31st), and I would have been extremely disappointed had any of those rooms been as manky as those described in some of the reviews here, but in fact I was pleasantly surprised. Our room had probably been refurbished in the last year or so, because although there were scuff marks around the lower edge of the bathroom door, the general state of repair was very good, with no sign of wear on the wallpaper or paintwork. The bathroom was small, but not so small that it caused any inconvenience, and the shower produced a good powerful spray with no blocked nozzles. I have always disliked the baths that the Hyatt group install in all their hotels (at least in the USA) because they are usually a bit short and always very shallow, and the idiotic arrangement they have for the overflow - at a level no higher than your toes when you're lying down - means that even a reasonably svelte patron is going to have his or her belly uncovered. I find it impossible to have a relaxing bath in a US Hyatt, so the good quality shower was particularly important. What the average corpulent American does for a bath in this chain's bathrooms boggles the mind. My biggest complaint about this bathroom was that there was no extractor fan, so a shower produced a room full of steam and a completely misted mirror. Not a major issue, just a comment.The room was about 16 feet square and well appointed, with a (slightly too) soft double bed and a TV a bit too far away to enjoy properly without the aid of binoculars. Since we watched no TV other than the news it didn't really matter, but the picture quality was poor and the TV had a fault that made it make a loud crackle and picture jump at regular intervals. I'd have hated that while watching a film, but as I say, we didn't use it much.In keeping with most Hyatt hotels in my experience, the lighting was dismal. I have never understood why this chain is so miserly with its lights, but with no central light fitting in the ceiling (yes, I know it's pass) and what appear to be low wattage bulbs in the other lights, the room always had the feeling of being dingy ... which it wasn't at all. Window area is at a premium in New York so the available natural light was also limited. Not a problem and didn't spoil the stay in any way at all, but it's a comment for the Hyatt planners; Let There Be Light. The room was also quiet, and apart from one occasion when a gaggle of idiot women walked up the corridor outside our room conducting a shouted conversation at 4am, we had a quiet stay. The real high feature of our stay was the Regency Club room, which was delightful and something we made use of quite a lot. It serves a complimentary breakfast (largely continental in style), and there's coffee and sodas available free of charge all day. People were going out of that room with arms full of Voss still mineral water as if they were running a stall at the local market. During the day there is free food available, which changes as the day wears on. From the breakfast it changes to other salads and good quality dishes, ending with pastries in the evening. I have no idea how they afford to do this, but I have to say that it's a superb and very welcome service. The best thing of all about the club room, however, is the concierge. This is a person on the reception desk, dedicated to answering questions and helping club members ... and my goodness are they good at it! Each lady (and they were all ladies) was attentive, intelligent, eager to help and very efficient. She has a terminal connected to the Internet, of course, and she will research things for you, advise you on places of interest, places to eat, ways of getting there, and will make reservations for you. Of course the concierge down in the foyer will do that too, but you have to queue for his attention, whereas on this floor you have immediate and high quality attention. To give you an example, I asked for the names of musical instrument stores in Manhattan because I wanted to see if I could find a second hand guitar (a Gibson ES335, since you ask). The young lady told me to leave it with her, and the following morning she had a list of shops, their phone numbers, whether they had that guitar in stock, and the price ranges at which they held them. To say that I was astonished (not to say extremely grateful) would be an understatement. I hope to return to NYC in the not too distant future (we like to go there every few years) and there is no question that I will stay at this hotel, and pay for the Regency Club floor if I don't have the points. A comment about the staff. At no time were we treated in an offhand way by any one. On the contrary we were well treated, even down in the foyer by the desk staff, who don't appear to have a moment's rest most of the time. The mail room too, had a very helpful guy there who assisted me in sending a package. Someone mentioned irritation at the fact that the Hyatt charges $2 per bag to store for the day, and indeed this is true. But when I saw the military-type operation they have to mount to store the bags that were being deposited on the day we left, I would say that $2 is small beer. They must have a store room the size of an aircraft hangar, as the queue to deposit the bags that morning snaked along the foyer and required two full-time people to receive and ticket those bags. Finally a word about the location of the hotel; it's superb. It's a couple of doors down from Grand Central, so the subway is a moment's walk away and theres a very good food market attached to GC station. There is a deli a few moments walk up the street (on the opposite side of the road), which serves a good breakfast. The hotel is also around the corner from what (in my opinion) is the world's most beautiful building - the Chrysler Building - and is pretty centrally located for walking to the main attractions. It's also on one of those rare occurrences in Manhattan, a two way street, so taxis can approach from both directions, making it easier to get to. And in our case the icing on the cake was that the airport bus to Newark stops just around the corner, so we saved a small fortune by taking that rather than a taxi to Newark. (Incidentally, I'd always fly to Newark now, rather than JFK, it's not much further and it's a smaller and more pleasant airport.)In summary, at least in Regency Club, the Grand Hyatt is a very good hotel and one I would recommend unreservedly.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic	Got a good rate but was still worried about the reviews we saw. We did not experience any of the negatives issues brought up by some other posts. Everyone at the hotel was amazing. We were traveling for pleasure and had our 2 year old son. The woman at check in upgraded our room to a much larger room so there would be more room for him to play and more room for a roll away bed. While we were entering our room a member of the engineering staff saw us entering the room and asked if he could please change the air filer in the AC as he saw our son. He noted they were changed often but wanted to make sure we had a fresh one since we had a little one. Then he refused a tip. He again stated he just wanted to make sure our son was comfortable. The room was great (huge for NYC), we were not bothered by any noise in the hotel and the location is perfect (4,5 &amp; 6 trains right down stairs can take you almost anywhere in the city).	
Aug 4 2008 	Cannot go wrong	I stayed in this hotel back in March and have meant to write a review for months. As a travel agent I spend my life looking for decent hotels and genuinely cannot fault this property.People who complain about staff are really rather foolish - you cannot guarantee a persons mood, what issues they may have behind the desk with computer systems etc. When I was there the staff were always helpful and often harassed by tourists with no sense of anyone but themselves.The location of the property is ideal, you can get everywhere on foot and if you do want to hop in a cab they are everywhere. We also had two double beds in our room, which was brilliant as most rooms in NYC are particularly small, so this was a real bonus and had no extra cost. The bathroom was clean and functional and the room completely soundproof. I would happily stay here again and have booked many clients here since my return with no problems whatsoever.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Location but Loud	We just got back from a one week stay at the Grand Hyatt in New York. The location was perfect for us as we used the subway system daily to get all around the city. Although the hotel is adjacent to Grand Central Station, you certainly don't hear the noise from it. The rooms are certainly not like typical Hyatt rooms. They are small with VERY SMALL bathrooms and lack the overall class of other Hyatts. The walls between rooms are ridiculously thin which can be problematic if noise bothers you. My room had a connecting door to the next room which made the situation even worse. I HIGHLY suggest you request a room WITHOUT a connecting door. The great location outweighed the noise for me but the noise certainly bothered me. We were on the 27th floor and could still hear the traffic outside so I doubt you are going to be able to find a very quiet place. Downstairs in Grand Central Station there are a lot of decent places to eat or grab pizza, bagels, baked goods ,etc.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Location......Great Hotel!	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt from July 24 - July 28th. I booked through a special on TravelZoo. We paid $199 a night and our rooms had 2 double beds, which I am told is abnormal in NYC. I was very impressed when we arrived at the hotel. It is smack in the middle between Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building. The lobby is grand and comfortable. We arrived before check in and hotel staff put our luggage aside for when we returned. When we arrived back in the evening, we were pleasantly surprised after a long day of sightseeing! Our room was very clean and spacious, with the exception of the bathroom (there was not alot of space as far as a counter around the sink). Some of the reviews have said poor service from the staff, we did not experience any problems in that area. We really had little to do with the front desk staff other than at check in. The concierge, greeters at the door, bell men, and baggage people were all very friendly and the concierge was especially helpful with things like directions, recommendations, checking our flight departure, etc. This hotel was about a 15 minute walk to Times Square. We said many times on our trip that we were glad that our hotel was not in Times Square.....it is extremely hectic! It was nice to get out of the crowds to go to our hotel. It is about 10 - 15 minute from the UN building, St. Patrick's Cathedral, and the Empire State Building. We had no problems with noise from street level (we were on the 25th floor). One night we could hear our next door neighbours t.v. through the wall. The room did not have a coffee maker in it, there is a starbucks in the lobby. We wanted a fridge in our room so we could eat breakfast in our room and we were able to rent one during our stay. I really have no complaints about this hotel. We got a great deal and really enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 24 2008	Not Acceptable	I know what to expect from NYC hotels. You typically get what you pay for. Not the case here. Not worth the price. The staff is consistently unfriendly, I don't think a vacuum had been in my room for a very long time, the walls are so thin the next door cell alarm woke me up, maids start banging on your door at 8:30. The TV is small, the bathroom is very small. No coffee in the room, so you have to either go downstairs or get room service (and get ripped off via either choice). 42nd and Lex is a great location - too bad the hotel is not up to standard.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great stay at the Grand Hyatt	My wife and I stayed here July 11-13, 2008. I would regard this hotel an oasis, compared to the bustle of the street, Grand Central and the subway. As said many times before, the location can't be beat. Steps the Grand Central and the subway. Walking distance to Times Square, UN, St Pat's, Rockefeller, and we even walked to Central Park (okay, that was a hike). The front desk couldn't have been nicer. I have platinum status with Hyatt, and maybe it helped. We got there very early to try and check in (9:30 AM!). We couln't get a room of course, but in the &quot;never hurts to ask department&quot;, I asked if there was any upgrade. They asked me if I would take a larger room, but it only had a shower. Sounded okay to us- we ended up with an end room that was at least twice the size of a regular room- had a nice sitting area, and didn't have a door to an adjoining room. Overall, very quiet, but the door locks are such that they make a fairly large noise no matter how you close the door from the outside. Bathroom was an okay size- the shower looked like it could use a little work, but I've had far, far worse. Don't expect a view either- this hotel is all about location. We didn't eat there- try Pershing Square just down the street for breakfast/lunch, or McFadden's Pub on 42nd about two blocks east. Also, there's all the food you could imagine at Grand Central - except everything looked to be closed early Saturday morning (in other reviews, but do the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island EARLY, really I mean you must do it EARLY). I was able to get an hour later checkout on Sunday (1PM) even though there were lots of people coming in for the All Start game. I like to try different places, but I would absolutely want to stay here for out next NYC stay.	
Jul 9 2008 	Grand Hyatt was a grand experience!	This is a little long, but here goes:My fiance and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt New York between uly 3-6, 2008. Our first impression of the hotel was that it is indeed grand and beautiful. The staff at the reception desk were very helpful, and when I needed something \from housekeeping, reception, or the concierge, they were always curtious and friendly, weather I contactd them in person or over the phone. Our room was nice, with a very comfortable king sized bed. The bathoom was very small, but I expected that as we were in NYC. The location of the hotelis great, as it is close to Grnad Central Station (next door) and is a few minutes walk from Times Square. We booked the hotel at an amazing discounted rate, and it was so worth the money. The hotel restaurans are pricy though. Breakfast buffet was $30 per person, so we did not eat breakfast there. (I must say though, that breakfast is hard to come by in midtown Manhattan). We did go downstairs one night for some drinks and desert at the hotel restaurant, as we were too tired to go out. It was quite pricy, but a nce treat. The only complaint that I have is that all the rooms seem to be linked with adjoining doors (that lock on both sides) and the walls are super thin. We could hear our neighbour's full conversations, and they were not being loud. I was frustrated by this, as I felt as though we had very little privacy. Otherwise, our stay was great!	
Jul 8 2008 	Avoid Front Desk if you dont want problems	Excelent hotel, perfect location, good staff overall except front desk team (aboslutely tragical).I had serious problems to check in, front desk team unprepared, lack of understanding and really unpolite, a complete headache. It seems that totally out of Hyatt usual first class standards. Too bad.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Location Not so great housekeeping	Likes:Great location, between the Chrysler building and Grand Central Station. Confortable and large beds. Great breakfast.Deslikes:We ordered a triple room and the only options were a room with a king size and a small bed... or ... two single (large) beds. Luckly I travelled with my sister and my brother.The housekeeping is not so good. One day they forgot the glasses of water and another day they forgot to put the face towels...Overall:A reasonable option for just a couple of days if you value the loaction.	
Jul 4 2008 	Don"T Touch This Hotel!!!	We actually never stayed at the Grand Hyatt NYC. While they advertise a rate of $199.00 for all weekends through August 31st, (this from Travelzoo's top 20 deals on July 2nd 2008) when you contact them, the best rate they can give you for the same room is $ 349.00. I do not appreciate lies or false advertising. Avoid them!!!!	
Jun 28 2008 	Not the most cheerful staff	'Service with a smile' wasn't on the menu at this hotel. The decor in the rooms was a bit tired looking. Having said all that, the hotel was in a great location for us. Next door to Grand Central Station. Walking distance to 5th Avenue, Madison Avenue and Times Square etc. We would stay here again despite the downsides.	
Jun 28 2008	Good not great	VERY pleasant staff -- every single person we met, in any capacity, was as friendly and nice as could be.Rooms are tiny, and very dark (no overhead lighting).The hotel overbooked, and was very apologetic (it wasn't the front desk staff's fault, but they had to deal with it), and went way above and beyond to accommodate for the inconvenience. My sister checked in late, and all they had was the living room portion of a suite, which was HUGE, but only had a fold-out couch. They put her in a king the next night, and comped us both breakfast, etc. for the rest of our stay.They handle lots of large groups (I was with a choral group, and I think they get a lot of those). It's not a quiet place to be. Definitely bring earplugs. The street noise is considerable, and our plumbing made a weird clunking noise all night, every night.The location is great -- connected to Grand Central Station (with an underground tunnel into the station). Tip: save money by eating meals at the food court in the downstairs part of Grand Central Station. It's an easy 15 minute walk to Times Square, or you can grab a pedicab (if you don't want to arrive at the theatre sweaty) for $15 - $20.	
Jun 24 2008	terrific place	My husband, daughter (18), her friend (21) and I stayed in 2 rooms in the Hyatt over a weekend. I asked that the rooms be on the same floor but made no other request. When we arrived, we were told that the rooms were connecting. Fantastic!The Proximity to Grand Central is really convenient. Not only can you access transportation but the shopping and food court were great. The shops on 5th are within easy walking distance as is the theater district although it is further away. Central Park is also within walking distance, especially if you stroll down 5th Ave. The complaints I saw on this site were not a problem for us. For example, our bathroom had a huge vanity for our stuff. The bathroom was very clean. Someone had complained about employee attitude, particularly at the check in desk. Our staff member was cheery and professional.  The room was spacious, comfortable and quiet. I didn't hear a peep even from my daughter and her friend next door! The only thing I would have liked was a view but in NYC, I didn't expect it. There's a coffee bar in the lobby that sells delicious muffins, fruit and Starbuck's coffee every morning. I would highly recommend Jacks for dinner before the theater. It's just off Broadway so you are very close to all the theaters (we learned that traffic before the 8 pm shows is a disaster!). They have a tapas menu and regular entrees all of which were excellent, arrived right away and were reasonably priced. We went there on the advice of the Hyatt concierge who also sent us to SoHo for shopping (another good idea!)	
Jun 24 2008	mindblowing!!	Well, What Can i say. This was a great hotel. Not brilliant but nearly there. I will deal with the criticism first;1. Air - Con was tempremental.2. No pool facilities, spa etc. 3. Check in is a little hit and miss. The positives;1. Brilliant location.2. Large rooms (by new york standards)3. Comfortable bed. 4. Fantastic foyer - a visual delight.5. Great bathroom. 6. Friendly staff, nothing was too much trouble, Firstly, being next to Grand Central Station was a treat - the food hall in the lower area of the station is cheap and tasty. The pizza was especially good. There is no problem bringing food into the hotel, it is so big that no one would notice. There are not that many places to eat out in the evening close by that are particularly charming, its mostly tgi's, red lobster food. But, it is near to everywhere and provided you don't mind a ten minute walk there are plenty of places to eat. There are alot of deli type shops nearby that do salad boxes etc. these were delicious and inexpensive. Being next to grand central station breakfast is no problem, there are plenty of coffee shops. If you go out of the main door there is a fantastic diner under the railway arches. Breakfast is quite pricey but the pancakes were to die for. The front desk held bags on the last day of your stay and there are very good bathrooms downstairs in the hotel to allow you to freshen up. This hotel is enormous but the staff are lovely and when my ring disappeared down the sink the maintenence guy was there in minutes. The room was cleaned to a high standard. The main criticism was the air -con being a bit tempremental. We went in April and the weather was not overly warm but we had to sleep with the window open as the air con didn't work that well. New York is a noisy place, i loved the noise but i imagine many would not. Did alot of shopping arond for the best price and the hyatt website was the cheapest!!Bryant Park and the Library are a few minutes walk, Times Square about 7 or 8 minutes. The Empire States Building about ten minutes. It really was brilliantly located. Although you miss the bars and restaraunts of greenwich, location wise it is perfect for sightseeing. Please walk through new york, it's safe, charming and i can't wait for my next trip. I would definatley stay here again, the hotel to me summed up new york perfectly big, bold, busy and classy!!	
Jun 24 2008 	Honeymoon Hotel	We booked the Grand Hyatt New York as the hotel for our honeymoon. We wanted something central and fancy, but not too expensive. On arriving at the hotel on a very hot August day we were instantly cooled by the air conditioning and fantastic waterfall in the foyer. We checked in with ease and went straight up to the room. We had been told by friends that New York rooms are tiny, but wow this room was huge! Big double bed with loads of room for suitcases and shopping bags. Bathroom with separate sink and large mirror. There was a ironing board and iron in the room, which was great as all my clothes had creased in the suitcases.We didn't eat at the hotel, so can't comment on the food, but the room service menu looked lovely.The hotel is right above Grand Central Station with easy connection. Great for getting around on the subway, which we did.We got a free paper every morning. There were ice and drink machines on each floor. We would fill the bucket and drink pepsi in the room. We both loved everything about this hotel and would recommend to anyone. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Well placed and impressive	The Hyatt is a 10 minute walk from Times Square, and within walking distance of the Empire State, Chrysler Building and Rockafeller Centre. We found the staff great, the hotel spacious and very clean, and the air-con a saviour! The room was quiet and reasonably sized, and the lifts were fast. Breakfast was expensive so we ate at a fabby diner across the street called Pershing Square. Excellent service and staff and a range of NY breakfasts to try, with all the buzz of New York. The buses from/to the airports can be caught straight over the road opposite Grand Central (2 minutes from the hotel door). The subway is very close, and we would definitely stay again.	
Jun 23 2008 	A fun weekend in NYC	My husband and I went to NYC with friends for a weekend getaway. We decided to stay at the Hyatt because of its price and location. We were impressed right from the start.We took the air train/subway from JFK into Manhattan, which was easy but it took almost 1 1/2 hours. The Grand Hyatt is attached to Grand Central which made it simple to get to. There is an entrance to the hotel lobby from the shopping concourse at Grand Central. We headed into the hotel and found check-in to be a breeze. They were very pleasant and quick at the front desk. We were given our keys and headed up to our rooms. The rooms are on the small side, but most NYC hotel rooms are. The bathrooms were larger than most I have seen in other hotels in the city. The beds and pillows were super comfortable!!! We found the location of the hotel to be perfect. It is only a few blocks from Time Square, an easy walk or there is a shuttle train from Grand Central into the time square subway stop. Also being next to Grand Central made going anywhere in the city easy. Overall, it is a great hotel!	
Jun 22 2008 	Better Than Expected	Booked at last moment via www.continentalguestservices.com in a package with 2 Broadway shows. Normally, hotel rates are cheapest when booked at last moment but apparently not in New York! All prices were up across the board and availability was a problem. They came to the rescue at a price cheaper than other websites.Hotel was better than I expected based on Trip Advisor reviews - no nonsense check in took 30 seconds and check out took 2 minutes; room was bigger than I thought. Location at Grand Central was good as subway was next door.Overall, efficient but &quot;cold&quot; service and no major stuff ups or problems.	
Jun 16 2008	OkK not more	Typical 3 Star Rooms and facilities, although we did not even have a minibar in our room. Rooms were very tired and old, the whole hotel needs a fresh-up and some paint. The Concierges Desk were very helpful and all staff were very friendly, although the hotel had a distinct conference hotel feeling around it, which is really boring if you are in NYC as a tourist.The rooms were very loud, the inter-room doors in the rooms, were thin, and you coul clearly hear what was going on in the other room.Location is good, if you want to be in midtown, good communications and everything you might need just around the corner.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great location OK room	Fantastic location. A huge soulless hotel, but quite pleasant to stay in (as long as you are not looking for atmosphere). I had a nice room - seemed to be in the older part of the building. I did hear noise in the corridor but overall it was very quiet. Room and bathroom were both nice, up-to-date, modern upscale furnishings though not high luxury. Charge of $2 to store bags is annoying. I've often driven on the road that splits in two around this Hyatt - very exciting to get a taxi to stay there!	
Jun 14 2008	Grand Rip Off	I'm a Hyatt Platinum member but I won't be staying here again despite the relatively cheap rates for NYC and here's why. The room was small and worn more like the Pennsylvania Hotel than a Hyatt. But two incidents really turned me off - we ate at the hotel restaurant on a Saturday night at 7:30PM, the small adjoining bar to the pricey restuarant had been occupied by some thugs who were extremely intoxicated and were literally screaming at the top of their lungs. The waiter said this had been going on since mid afternoon and that the manager would do &quot;something.&quot; Nonetheless they seated my family two tables away from the ruckus so I asked these guys and ladies to keep it down, they then offered to &quot;tear off my face.&quot; management finally did restrain them but apparently at least two of them returned to the bar and was served again was waiting to thrash me when I finished dinner, the hotel detective intervened but said it was my fault for talking to them. My position is Hyatt violates the New York Dram laws by serving obviously intoxicated persons. The next morning was treated to Hyatt'scontintental buffet, two rolls, coffee, and juice for $22 and that was the cheapest option. Grand rip off and dangerous - stay away and pay extra to stay elsewhere.	
Jun 13 2008 	I don't understand the bad reviews -- great stay!	After reading some horrible reviews of this hotel, I was somewhat nervous about staying here. Our daughter's school group had them booked here and we wanted to be close by, so we took a chance. We got an excellent rate of $223/night through a Hyatt promotion and were very pleased for the value we received in NYC.We arrived at 2 pm and were allowed to check in immediately. When we checked in, we were told there were no rooms with 2 double beds available, even though that is what we requested when we made our reservations 6 month earlier. We were given a room with a king and a rollaway and a promise to move us to a room with 2 beds the following day. We had requested a high floor with a view, but when we arrived at our room on the top floor it overlooked another wall of the hotel! The front desk was very accommodating about offering us a different room, but while it had a street view it was too small to accommodate the rollaway bed, so we stayed in the much larger room with no view. Because our room was not facing the street, we heard no traffic noise, which is very unusual for midtown Manhattan! The rollaway they provided was quite nice and appeared to have a full size mattress which worked well for our teenage daughter. The room was on a short corridor, so we heard no noise from either the hallway or the street . Actually, we decided the large, quiet room with a king bed and rollaway was more comfortable than a smaller room with 2 small double beds, so we stayed in that room for the duration of our visit. After looking a a couple of other rooms, we realized that our room was exceptionally large with a walk in closet as large as the bathroom! It served nicely to both store all our luggage and be used as a private dressing room complete with full length mirror. So, if you want a large, quiet room without a view, ask for room 3428.From the front desk to housekeeping and maintenance, we were very pleased with the friendliness and professionalism of the hotel staff. We experienced a couple of maintenance issues (toilet that flushed too forcefully with geyser-like effect and safe not opening) that were addressed immediately and professionally. They also readily accommodated our request for a 2 pm late check out. The lobby is beautiful and the connection to Grand Central and its food court made it very convenient. As the weather was unusually nice during our visit, we didn't mind walking to the theater or Times Square.	
Jun 13 2008 	Sex and The City	We flew to NYC from Miami to see the premier of Sex and the City. The hotel was so nice, friendly and super clean. WOW!!! I loved it!!! The rooms are very modern and clean. The bathroom is spacious. I just loved it!! You can also play your ipod on the alarm clock radio!!!	
Jun 11 2008 	Ok overnight hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night and will recomend it for overnight stay. Also, I will recomend it to people who wants to be in &quot;center of the world&quot;, in solid hotel, close to many attractions for fair price. As I mentioned, location of the hotel is very good, but rooms and overall expression is quite &quot;dated&quot;. If you get a nice price ( 200$ - 250$ per night + tax ) than do not hasitate.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great location just ok rooms	Stayed June 6-9 for first trip to NYC. Hotel is quite nice as far as lobby and other common areas, but our room was rather small and just ok as far as decor. Elevators were plentiful and quite fast so getting from room to lobby was quick. Biggest benefit of this hotel is location. Being connected to Grand Central made transportation easy as far as getting to all the sites. We took the #4 train to everywhere...Yankee Stadium, Brooklyn Bridge, Wall St., Ground Zero, etc. It's about a 10 minute walk or $5 cab ride to Times Square. Stay here for the location first, but the hotel's ok too.	
Jun 9 2008	New York city in style	My husband and I have recently been on a trip to New York, to take in the site and sounds of the Big Apple. We wanted to do it in style, so we saved up and booked Virgin Upper Class through booking agent Skyclub. Skyclub did an inclusive package for us for flight and hotel, which saved us some money. The flight was brilliant and me and my husband had a few drinks at the bar before getting our heads down for a few hours. When we arrived in New York, we got a taxi across town to the Grand Hyatt, which was also booked through Skyclub as part of out package. This amazing building is smack bang in the middle of Time Square, with great views over New York, especially at night. The benefits of staying in Time Square are easy access to the city for shopping, going out and visiting sites of interest. The downside is that it is constantly busy and congested and full of tourists like us, hehe.. The Grand Hyatt was a fantastic building with places to eat, live music and big comfortable rooms. It's quite expensive, but I think we expected this for a 5 star hotel in the middle of NYC. Our flight home was very pleasant, I only wish I could fly Upper Class all the time.	
Jun 6 2008	Horrible customer service!	Stayed here for 3 nights in April, 2008. I have stayed at many Hyatts and have usually had great experiences. The experience at the Grand Hyatt New York was not up to my expectations. I had requested early check-in when I had made the reservation on their website. I know this is something that is based on availability and is not something that is guaranteed. Our red-eye flight had arrived at 7 a.m. so by the time we got to the hotel it was around 9 a.m. When we got to the check-in desk and inquired about early check-in the clerk acted almost appalled that we were even inquiring. She said we needed to come back at 3:00 p.m. which was the check-in time. I understand that our room was not available but the attitude we received was not really appreciated or necessary. The clerk had a very thick accent and it was hard to understand what she was even saying so asked her to repeat herself several times. However, her attitude was not hard to understand! We stored our bags with the bellman who also had an attitude and almost scolded us. He said when we returned we must check-in first before we try to claim our bags. When we returned at 3:30 p.m. (30 minutes after their check-in time and the time they told us to return). We waited in line for 20 minutes to be told that our room was still not ready!!!!! At this point I became angry. I explained to the clerk that we had requested early check-in, had been there at 9 a.m. to be told to come back at 3:00 p.m., and it was now nearly 4 p.m. so there was no excuse for our room not to be ready. I was about to ask to speak to the manager and wouldn't you know it all of a sudden a room became available. Their elevator system was confusing. Certain elevators would only go to certain floors but it was not clearly marked. The room was small and dark and pretty ordinary. A few minutes after arriving at the room we heard something at the door. It sounded like someone was trying to get it. I opened the door and there was a hotel employee standing there and almost shocked that we were in the room. She didn't really have an explanation for being there and basically just walked away. I was too tired and exhausted to even call and ask why an employee was trying to get into our room but wasn't really looking forward to another employee with attitude. The next day we had gone out and when we arrived back at the room later in the afternoon it hadn't been made up. However, the housekeeping lady on our floor was standing in the hallway talking on her cellphone on a personal call. How professional! On the day we were leaving our flight wasn't until the early evening. I read in the hotel book that was in the room that they offered a late check-out based on availability. The book stated that they could provide a late check-out as late as 3:00 p.m. without an additional charge. I called at 8:00 a.m. that morning and I asked if we could have a late check-out at 2 p.m. The person I spoked to wanted to haggle with me. If it wasn't available all he had to do was say it wasn't available. I don't know why he insisted on almost arguing about it and then finally agreed. It wasn't an unreasonable request especially when it was stated as a &quot;benefit&quot; in their hotel book. For over $300/night and being a member of the Hyatt Gold Passport program, I expected more from this hotel.	
Jun 4 2008 	Good value	I booked my stay through Priceline, so I got a great price. $180 including tax when most rooms of the same caliber were double for the same time period. Easy location, though I prefer downtown or Central Park hotels. The rooms were fine, in both size and furnishings. My one HUGE complaint was that the room next to us was having a full on party all night. We called security three times to ask them to have the people quiet down. No one came or called (we would have been able to hear their phone). Eventually I had to call the room and ask them to be quiet. They were not too happy, but thankfully they left the room within the next hour- about 3 AM. The next morning I complained to the front desk and was given a coupon for two free breakfasts. I am not sure it was worth it, but it was a nice gesture.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great location next to Grand Central Station	I took my teenage daughter and sister to NYC for spring break April 5 - April 12, 2008. This was our first trip to NYC. The Grand Hyatt is a good hotel with a great location. I felt 100% safe in NYC and at the Hyatt. The concierge was extremely helpful with sightseeing and specific subway train directions. (They gave us great maps and marked them accordingly.)With Grand Central Station attached to the hotel, we had great access to the subway system. (An extra perk was the dedicated subway shuttle between GCS &amp; Times Square.) The food court was good. Almost every morning, we had a bagel on our way out. Also, we bought snacks and soft drinks from the 2 drug stores that are just a few doors down from the hotel. I really think this hotel is great for business people and large convention or tour groups. Since we were on vacation, I'm happy we &quot;lucked out&quot; with (what the front desk said was a bigger) corner room with a King bed. and a quiet next door neighbor. My daughter slept on a cot but it wasn't very comfortable. With 3 people, I thought the room &amp; bathroom were a tight fit. It was also very, very dark. They really need better lighting in the room. Housekeeping didn't provide enough towels on 3 different days, but they brought the extra towels promptly when we asked. We did hear lots of doors slamming and the hallways were noisy several nights with people chatting &amp; walking the halls. (I think there was a large youth tour group at the hotel the first weekend.) If I had been in an interior type room I would have had to move rooms to get away from the large groups. The front desk clerks were pretty generic...nothing special. Overall our stay at the hotel was good. Will I stay at the Grand Hyatt New York again? That depends. I'd stay here again if I could get a much better rate on a shorter 3-4 day stay. (Of course, I'd again ask for an outside corner room that does not connect to the room next door.) If not, I'll find a quiet hotel that's not so &quot;big&quot; and pricey.I hope this review helps you so you'll know what to expect if you are considering this hotel. Have a great trip to NYC!	
May 31 2008 	:-(((	Are you looking for a hotel with:- unfriendly staff - small rooms- oldbut good situated?then go there...	
May 29 2008 	Perfectly Located	Grand Hyatt was perfectly located, right next to Grand Central Terminal. Room ( 2 double beds) was small even for NYC standards, bathroom was miniscule, but everything was clean and well cared for. Would I stay here again? Yes, for the location....but only if I got a better deal ( paid 299.00 per night).	
May 28 2008 	4 stars no frills hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed for 5 nights (17-22 May). After reading much of other traveller's reviews, I'd not anticipated much from it though we'd chosen it as my hubby's their Gold Passport member &amp; for their strategic location. Upon checking in, I'm glad that i'd came with that mindset, as it was truly an American-style 4 star hotel- u pay for the room &amp; room only. No free internet access, no mineral waters &amp; even room slippers. I'd stayed at Hyatt in HongKong last month &amp; in comparison, the NYC one definitely lacks all the bling-bling to it. The bathroom looks dated &amp; time for a renovation. Fortunately, the bed's still as plush &amp; ultra-comfortable, both of us slept like a baby every night. The walls are thin, therefore u might be able to hear door slams or TV noise from next door. Be sure to avoid a room near the lifts. The hotel lobby's exceptionally large &amp; usually crowded with guests from all walks of life. Luggages are everywhere, therefore keep a close eye on your belongings. The location is great for 1st timers to the city. The subway &amp; Grand Central Market is within Grand Central. Duane Reade drugstore is just opposite. Starbucks 1 block away, 5th Ave's 2 blocks away. Basically it's walk-able to most places. If u managed to score a room at USD150 like others did at other website, it would be a steal. Anything more than that (we paid USD400 after tax), there are plenty of better alternatives more worthy elsewhere.	
May 27 2008	Two words: thin walls!	We reserved and *paid* our room a month ahead from their own website. However, when we went there they said they had no rooms with two double beds and we were given a one double-bed room. Later they left a rollover bed in our room but didn't bother to prepare it for us. They leaned it (with its heavy metal frame) upright to the wall and we had to do ourselves.However, you see the worst part of this hotel in the night. The walls are very thin, so anyone talking in the next room or in the hall is enough to wake you up. You can't complain either, because nobody is particularly loud, they are just having a conversation.The final annoying thing about this hotel is that they charge you to store your luggage. I have never ever seen a hotel doing this. So if you are going to leave your bags in the hotel until your flight, be prepared to pay $2 per piece.For $300+ per night, they must serve better! not recommended	
May 23 2008 	No problems at all	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in the beginning of May 2008. I read other reviews that the front desk personal were rude and did not help and that the doormen were not helpful, but I did not find this to be true. I also read about the doors slamming all the time, which did occur because the doors were very heavy. Overall, our experience was pleasant. The rooms were very nice and had no complains about the beds or the bathroom.The only thing that they need to add is a coffee maker. There is a store on the next corner that we purchased water, snacks, liquor, and a coffee maker. The resturants in the area were costly, but that is what you get in the area. Grand Central station is next door, and has several places to eat. We ate at a Mexican place in Grand Central that was great. We found the Hyatt to be a nice place to stay and within walking distance of Times Square.	
May 23 2008 	Worth Every Penny	Beautiful hotel, not a huge room, but definitely better than most that you would find in New York. Worth the price, don't trust those &quot;bargain&quot; hotels- this is worth every extra penny! Great location right next to Grand Central, makes traveling very easy. Close to Times Square and all the major attractions. Staff was extremely helpful and accomdating.	
May 20 2008 	Great Location	Myself and my husband stayed here 12th May and had no problems at all. We had stayed once before and everything was fine but there have been some mixed reviews so we were a little concerned - we needn't have worried.We were a little early for check-in but this wasn't a problem. We were checked in quickly and efficiently by the hotel staff. Our room was large, very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a little on the small side but again, not a problem, it was perfectly adequate.We had room-service during our stay - the order was taken by a very helpful lady and was delivered quickly. The food was great if a little expensive (20 for a club sandwich and fries)The best thing about this hotel is the location - Grand Central Terminal is quite literally on your doorstep.We would definately recommend this hotel.	
May 20 2008 	Great Stay at Grand Central Hyatt in NYC	We stayed at this hotel due to a conference we attended on site, but added a few days before it to see the City and visit family. It's conveniently located for Subways and easy walking in Midtown East next to Grand Central Station. Even though I obtained very good deal using hotel's internet site (paying in full in advance and nonrefundable), upon check in the staff gave us a quiet room on high floor away from elevators. Standard rooms are small (250 sq. ft.) but comfortable. No coffee pot or mini bar but had a big flat screen TV. Its restaurant menu was limited and the dishes uneven but very pricey as is everything in New York. Best deal was bar food in adjoining area just beyond restaurant and though portions were small the meals were surprisingly good. Had stayed here several years ago and enjoyed this stay much more.	
May 18 2008	Great location disappionting guest room	Stayed 4 nights on the 15th floor of the hotel. The public rooms were very nice, a great shame about the guest rooms. The room was quite large but had a tired feeling to it. The bathroom was very small and dirty. I complained about the mould growing in the shower cubicle, they came and removed half  why half? I complained about the TV with a serious picture fault and alarm clock, wrong time and no instructions to change the time, while we were out that turned the radio on the clock on but still displayed the wrong time and turned the TV on  I dont think the maintenance team quite understand maintenance. The noise from the street was loud and we were very surprised to find the windows single glazed. The breakfast buffet was good.	
May 15 2008 	Great Hotel	I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews of this hotel. The hotel is in a perfect location connected to Grand Central Terminal. The lobby is beautiful and check-in was easy with very friendly staff. We had a normal King room on the 18th floor. It was much larger than most rooms I have stayed at in New York and even had a huge walk-in closet. The room was clean and well maintained. There was a safe in the room and housekeeping did a great job every morning. We stayed for 4 nights and never heard any of the noise that other people complained about. The only negative about the entire experience was their tour assistance. Do not let Christopher gouge you! Every play we asked about was the hottest one in town and tickets were $200 - $300 each. Give me a break! We walked to the theater and bought excellent tickets to three different Broadway plays at face value. He also is less than interested in questions unless you are willing to let him take your money.Bottom line, this is a great hotel in a fantastic location that I highly recommend and will stay at next time I am in town.	
May 14 2008 	good stay at the grand	My wife and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt April 11 prior to boarding the QE2 for England on the 12th. Check in was a bit chaotic but the staff very efficiently resolved our wrong room assignment. Not enough bellmen at check in; lobby is quite a distance from the entry and on a different level. Concierge had already arranged for a car and driver to meet us at JFK via email request. Hotel has an awesome concierge, Joe. He booked our car and driver to get to the cruise terminal on the 12th, got fantastic restaurant reservations on the spot, and even designed us a walking tour before dinner. Staff was efficient and courteous. Our deluxe king room was very spacious, had a walk in closet, but was very dark (lighting) and the bathroom was tiny. Great view from large window, though. Room and bathroom were very clean and bed was supremely comfortable. Location just can't be beat; connected to the Terminal and just steps away from Park Avenue and Madison Avenue. Forget breakfast from room service; $21.00 for two eggs? Go downstairs to the coffee bar and get super pastries and coffee for minimal money. Overall, a good stay and I would stay at this hotel again.	
May 12 2008 	Great Location	Spent 5 nights at Grand Hyatt, New York. Great location, quite impressive lobby, express check in, and check out, available. Comfiest beds, some voices could be heard from the bedrom next door but not intrusive. Dont drink in this hotel the bar is expensive - even more expensive than the Campbell Apartment, in Grand Central Station. For its location I would certainly stay here again, bedrooms were spacious and comfortable.	
May 12 2008 	Disappointed	I went this past weekend to New York as a surprise trip for my partner for his birthday/our anniversary. I got a great flight rate, so I decided to Priceline for a 4-star hotel in New York, and I wound up with the Grand Hyatt.I should have known I was in for a bit of a rough ride. And mind you, I definitely know I got a good rate. I would, however, be rather more unhappy if I had paid full price for this place.First, I e-mailed a request to Hyatt e-concierge to see if I could pay extra and upgrade to Regency Club. Mind you, I have done similarly in the past with Hiltons, several Starwood properties, and a couple of Marriotts (the ones that don't close their #*$%@ club lounges on weekends). It's never been a problem. I have also made simple bedding requests of other Hyatts, and I have been treated well. First, I got a flat, &quot;No&quot;. I then sent an executive e-mail carpet bomb to a few Hyatt higher-ups to see why in the heck I couldn't at least try for something so simple--I wasn't asking for free, I was asking to pay for an upgrade. I actually got a phone call within 2 hours from the Vice-President of the GH New York, telling me the reasoning, and promising that he would check availablilty for me and get back to me.Needless to say, he never did.When I arrived at the Grand Hyatt, I was greeted with a rather gruff young woman who was basically shooing a young couple away when they were asking to change rooms. Uh-oh. I decided not to even ask about the potential upgrade. The young woman in question was fast, but she was cold, demanding, and borderline rude. Great 4-star reception.The room was not clean; there was even trash in the bathroom trashcan from the previous guest. The bathroom wall tiles are plastic, the grout is dirty, and the general feel of the place is very, very tired. The room size is actually pretty big for New York, but the layout was a bit odd. And, as previous guests have noted, the noise coming from adjoining rooms is borderline intolerable. Oh, and our next door neighbors left their room service trays in the hallway the evening we arrived, and they weren't carted away all day until, of course, we were actually drifting off to sleep the next evening. I knew the exact moment, as they made as much noise as humanly possible taking them away. Room service, by the way, is hand over fist the most expensive I have ever seen, and we travel a lot--yes, even to New York. A base price of $23 for a continental (not even including service charges) which is juice, coffee for 1, and a croissant, muffin, OR bagel is kind of, well, insane. Luckily, there are plenty of reasonably priced options within a 2-minute walk in either direction right outside the door.I filled out their survey during video check-out. I did that once at the airport Hyatt in Orlando with a so-so experience, and they CALLED my room within 30 seconds to ask how they could make it up to me. I gave this place a pure thumbs down and heard nothing.Here's the main problem I have. I got a 3-star room, 1.5 star service, and I was pretty much made to feel as if I didn't matter. If I had paid for a 2-star room in New York, I would probably be thrilled. However, this place is supposed to be 4-star, and it just isn't. In any way except for the pretentious lobby.No more Priceline for me in New York. I'll stick to my happy favorite, the Hampton Inn Times Square North. There, I get good, friendly service, a free breakfast, big rooms, luxurious beds, and a stress-free time.	
May 12 2008 	Great Stay at the Grand Hyatt	Overall, a very pleasant stay. I got a king room via Priceline for $150 and initially I was a bit concerned after reading some of the negative reviews here. Fortunately, my stay turned out to be great.The room was relatively small, but that is to be expected from a NYC hotel in the moderate price range. Other than that, everything was perfect. Room was in great shape, clean and attractive. TV with tons of cable channels, including HBO. The iPod docking station and radio clock combination is great. Very small bathroom, but with all the necessary amenities. And as noted in other reviews, no mini bar. The location is perfect, right on several subway lines and in walking distance to most of the tourist things in mid-town. Every staff person I came in contact with was extremely helpful, and upon request, I was granted a late 2 PM checkout, which is pretty generous in a busy hotel. Again, I would highly recommend the hotel for a quick stay in NYC, although the standard room rate of about $300 seems a little high. But if you can get a deal, its a perfect hotel for business or sigh-seeing.	
May 12 2008 	Big prize Big Luxury (when you love to have a flashback to the '80's)	Hotellobby is Great, so are the elevators...........................For the rest bring your creditcard as every move you make has to be paid extra.	
May 5 2008 	Not a very good experience	My husband had called and made this reservation and used his Hyatt points so my niece and I could stay 2 nights for free. He had asked for 2 queens and a non-smoking room. When we got to our room, it had ONE double bed and smelled like smoke. We called the desk and they informed us that there were NO rooms available with the 2 beds but did move us to a King non-smoking. They told us they would try to fill our request for the next night but when we called the next day, they said there was still nothing available. We had checked in early in the day and my husband had made the reservation months in advance. We also had a bit of a problem with room service when we ordered a dessert and they brought 2 spoons, one of which had coffee on it! The rooms and bathrooms are quite small also. The lobby is impressive but probably will not stay there again.	
May 4 2008 	Grand central was grand and central! Beat our expectations!	We weren't expecting much but were pleasantly surprised. Room was large, clean, very quiet, bed was comfy and the hotel lobby was great. Right by Grand Central Station, walking distance to lots of attractions. Would definitely stay here again. Tip is to watch their website as they post lock in specials which saved us about $100 a night. We were in a deluxe King and would probably stay there again. Great market, pharmacy and Starbucks right there as well (you will need bandaids for your feet!). Walk, walk, walk!	
Apr 30 2008	mother/daughter weekend	Room/bath were as advertised/pictured and worth its cost, but acceptable by many NYC hotel standards. Daily room service was inconsistent (bed covers left on floor one day, wash cloths not replaced one day though all towels were which seems wasteful when occupants do not put towels on floor/in tub indicating desire for replacements). Luggage storage fee unacceptable for such a large chain. Hotel restaurant/cafe unappealing, but wonderful restaurants, delis, pubs, etc. nearby. Hotel staff quite friendly and helpful. Easy to access Grand Central subway, though would be much better to have La Guardia more readily accessible by subway and not having to use bus service...NYC taxi driver did not use EZPass toll lane upon departure (reported to transportation authority).	
Apr 29 2008	Costly fork!	My husband is in Manhattan one week of every month, couldn't get into his regular hotel so booked the Grand Hyatt. He worked late one night, so when he returned to the hotel he was tired so decided to have a cup of soup for dinner. He asked at the front desk for a spoon or fork. She said they would send one right up. My husband said okay, although he hoped just to be directed to a plastic spoon or fork somewhere so he could go to his room, have the soup and go to bed. When he got to the room, housekeeping called to say they would be right up with the fork and it would cost $6.00. That is $6.00 for the use of a fork!!! My husband was paying over $400.00 a night for the room and he couldn't get the use of a fork for free???? He did not use their fork (his soup cost under $1) but quietly borrowed one off a room service tray and washed it himself and used that.Things are out of control when $400+ a night hotels charge for the use of a fork!!!!	
Apr 29 2008 	BEST NYC Location	My family (husband and 2 teens) stayed at Grand Hyatt at the beginning of November. It had been 20 years since I'd been in the city and was concerned about getting around. The Hyatt worked out being the perfect lodging for the infrequent NYC visitor. Not only are the accomodations lovely (small, but still bigger than the Waldorf), but it is next to the historic Grand Central Station which provided my family of picky eaters with a 24/7 food selection. Also, being close to the subway came in really handy. The staff at the hotel were extremely nice and accomodating. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great stay at the Grand Hyatt	Spent a weekend night at the Grand Hyatt New York. This is not the type of hotel we would ordinarily choose, since we prefer smaller, boutique style hotels, but we were traveling with a group and the hotel was chosen by others. Still, we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was very friendly. When we were inadvertently given a smoking room after registering for non-smoking, the front desk clerk upgraded us to a deluxe king on the 25th floor which was really nice. I was prepared for noise after reading the reviews here, but our room was perfectly quiet and the black-out curtains did their job so well that we slept later than usual in the morning. The bedding was super comfortable, and the room was very clean.The location on 42nd Street was great. We walked to Times Square, the Theater District, and the shops on 5th Avenue, and it was an easy subway ride from the train station next door to Chinatown for dim sum. The bellhops managed our group's luggage with remarkable efficiency, and we ended our short stay with an outrageously expensive but worth-every-penny drink in the 2nd floor bar before pulling out on Sunday afternoon.If you like big, busy, glitzy hotels, this would be an excellent choice.	
Apr 28 2008 	Perfect Hotel!	The Grand Hyatt New York is a great hotel with a great location in a great city! Our room was not as large as some I have stayed in, but we were on the 28th floor, it was quiet and perfect for staying in Midtown. The hotel is connected to Grand Central Station which makes getting to your train (Subway or commuter) a breeze. The location was the best part about the Grand Hyatt. We walked to Rockefeller Center and it only took about 20 minutes. We could have walked to Times Square but chose to take the Shuttle from Grand Central instead. The staff was very helpful including giving opinions and advice on what to wear and places to eat. If you are looking for a hotel in NYC with a great location and quiet with a beautiful lobby, perfect for a romantic weekend, the Grand Hyatt would be the perfect place!	
Apr 23 2008 	Great location Great Service but called security TWICE	I was at the Grand Hyatt from Wed April 16-Sunday April 20th. My parents were in the adjoining room from Wed April 16- Monday April 21st.This is at least our 6th stay at this hotel because we love the location and the excellent customer service.I regret to report, however, this was by far the WORST trip we have had in this hotel.Thursday night shortly after midnight a large group of high school/college students who were performing Carnegie Hall entered the next room and began laughing and talking loudly enough in the room next door that the sound was traveling right through the wall, against our headboards. I called security at 12:40 am and security came up quickly and the room immediately quieted down, to their credit.Then the next night, a large group of young women, possibly from the same group, stood in the area around the elevator and were literally shouting with laughter, starting at 12:15. This time I called security within 15 minutes as it was clear they were going to use the hall as a social area.I realize that as a hotel return business is important and the large annual traveling groups are a dependable source of revenue. But we are seriously considering moving to the Hilton, at least for our Springtime trips, if this is going to be an annual, on-going situation.It is absolutely unacceptable to pay $300+ a night and have to tolerate a situation akin to a college dormitory. The kids were walking around barefoot in the hallways, wearing their flannel pajamas, carrying smelly slices of cheese pizza on Friday. I would have overlooked this if they were not so noisy after midnight.Otherwise, our stay was wonderful, as usual. Staff is polite, well trained and responsive. The location is superb, and the hotel is literally on top of 6 subway lines, with a Delmonicos 1/2 a block away and several chain coffee shops for a midday break.I love this hotel but I am not going to stay here in the Spring unless I get a guarantee from a manager that they will give me a room away from the school kids in April.(We did ask for a room change but they could not give us 2 rooms adjoining with double beds and we had already moved rooms to obtain the adjoining rooms shortly after check in Wed.)	
