	What a Great Hotel!	My family &amp; I stayed here this past week. The room was a good size with 2 double beds; 2 side chairs; a desk; walk in closet; kitchenette and bathroom! The room was clean and the front desk staff was very helpful / friendly! The location was superb (2 blocks from Central Park) and several local eateries were within 1 block! The only negative was the street noise throughout the night (windows were closed but must be thin). For the price though - a great find in NYC!!	
	Great family Holiday	Excellent hotel. Close to all the popular attractions.	
	Room Size vs. Price and Location are the best	When I go to NYC I always prefer to stay at the Salisbury Hotel because the people are very down to earth and hospitable. The rooms are quite large for NYC and the price is reasonable especially considering the location. I also love the breakfast. I will always stay here in December to see the Rockettes and Christmas Decorations. Leaving tomorrow for NYC.	
Nov 26 2009 	Brilliant hotel!	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in mid November. There was 3 of us so finding a triple room in NYC was quite hard (for some reason!) We went with the salisbury as it was approx $1800 dollars for a one bedroom suite for the 5 nights. This included a living room with a sofabed, and then a bedroom with 2 beds which was perfect for 3. After staying there i would say the room would fit 6 as both beds were double as was the sofabed.When we got to the hotel we definitely werent disapointed. Having stayed in a slighlty more modern hotel on a previous trip to NY my expectations werent too high however the hotel room was perfect. The outside of the hotel doesnt stand out much and the reception and hallways are quite plain and old fashioned. Inside our room/suite was massive. There was a living area with a large sofabed, 3 armchairs, 2 coffee tables and a massive plasma tv. There was also a small dining area with a table, 4 chairs, a sink, fridge and microwave. Then there was a corridor into the bedroom with two massive beds, a dresser and another massive tv along with 2 more chairs! There was also 3 seperate closets with plenty of space to hang clothes and also a safe with a key to store valuables. The bathroom was normal size and clean. The whole suite was perfectly clean,and the only con would be that it was slightly old fashioned in appearance but this didnt affect us at all. The beds were also extremely comfortable. The hotel itself is in a perfect location. Its on 57th street just off 7th avenue which means its a 5-10 min walk to Times Square, less than 5 mins to the bottom of central park, and also 5mins to 5th Avenue. Its also 2mins from the 57 street subway (NRQW) which is handy!Another good thing about the hotel is that they put a voucher each day for a breakfast for 1 person, we never did avail of it but from reading reviews on tripadvisor it seems to be good value!!The only issue we had with this hotel was the noise from works being done somewhere outside. for some reason these works were ongoing from early in the morning so if you're a light sleeper id recommend earplugs although chances are most people will be too tired from sightseeing to notice!I would definitely recommend this hotel as the rooms were pretty much perfect, the staff was extremely helpful and polite and the location is brilliant for the price of the hotel. If you're looking for a modern hotel for a romantic break and have a high budget it might not be my first choice, however for a sightseeing trip with friends or a family trip i would definitely recommend it. Its clean, spacious and comfortable so there is nothing more you could really ask for!	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Hotel	This place has a great location to see all the sights of the city. Its also close to a subway stop which is a bonus.The room was spacious at a reasonable price.I would stay here if in NYC again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great location for stays in NYC	We really liked this hotel as the rooms were very spacious and comfortable and it was in a perfect location with Central Park on your doorstep, close to a Subway station and right near all the nice shops (Bergdof Goodman, Gucci etc).I have stayed in other hotels in New York and never seen such big rooms, it was great.Housekeeping were excellent and the place was spotless when we arrived and kept that way throughout our stay.Only a couple of things let it down and made me give it 4 stars instead of 5.Firstly the lifts are old and shaky and you can hear the cables, its almost like they are about to snap as they strain so much!! Bit scary!!Secondly the electrics were a bit dodgy and plugs old and loose. The electric completely went out in the room at one point so we were suddenly in pitch black darkness. After ringing down for an engineer one came up in 5 mins which we thought was very good. The fuse box turned out to be in the room so easy enough to flick the switch and get the electric back on again.The front desk staff were a bit mixed in terms of how helpful they were. There was one very friendly guy, the other Eastern European sounding girls were not so friendly. The hotel front desk messed up our taxi booking to the airport but rectified it quickly.The bellboys were very sweet and helpful with bags. The front desk people did not know how to use the new internet in the rooms and no instructions were in the room, we waited for an engineer to come up and show us but he never showed up despite 3 calls downstairs and being told he would be up 'very soon'. They did apologise when we gave up and went downstairs. Luckily they had a pc in reception we used instead.We didnt bother with the breakfast, it kind of sounds like its free when you check in they say its on the 3rd floor you'll get a voucher, but in the small print of the voucher its actually $6 each, we didnt bother as prefered to head to Brookyln diner round the corner (highly recommend).A few minor troubles therefore but still think this was a good place to stay in the city, reasonably priced as far as Manhattan hotels go and a comfortbale place to rest your head after a long day in the city.	
Nov 22 2009 	Fantastic location superb hotel	We stayed at the Salisbury for 4 nights, our first visit to New York. Conveniently located for Central park, located one block behind hotel and Subway. Walking distance to all the major attractions such as Times square, FAO Schwartz, Empire state building &amp; Rockafeller centre. This hotel is almost opposite Carnegie Hall &amp; the Russian tea rooms. We were upgraded to a suite, which was fantastic, with a Superking size bed ( King as the americans know it ), Great Linens and a microwave, Fridge &amp; coffee Maker.Suite had 2 flat screen TV's, one in the bedroom &amp; the other in the living area. They offered a buffet breakfast for just $6 each from 7am - 11am, with cereals, cold hard boiled eggs &amp; breads, pastries etc. We ordered a car from reception to take us to Airport for our transfer to Niagara Falls area, expecting a standard town car &amp; ended up with a limousine...at no extra cost.Great hotel, not contemporary, but has an old charm. Huge clean rooms with a fab location.The only downside for me was the pricey internet access, which I think was around $20 per day.	
Nov 22 2009 	Wow wow wow. Huge rooms friendly service great for traveling with kids.	We went the weekend before Thanksgiving. Booked a one-bedroom suite. We have three children. This place was HUGE! My wife and I slept on the pullout sofa in the living room, kids slept in separate bedroom with two queen beds. Room was converted from a former one-bedroom apartment. I would say it borders on 700-800 square feet. Amazing room, great service, fantastic location, good price.	
Nov 21 2009 	Huge bed in spacious room great location.	Stayed for 5 nights. Room was big with a huge bed, flat screen TV, 2 chairs &amp; table, desk and sofa. Bathroom a little out of date but served its purpose with clean towels replenished every day. Superb location just below central park, handy for subway. Didn't have breakfast as we found a great deli round the corner. Great cheesecake from the little deli next door and snacks at Duane Reade across the road. Ask for a loyalty card to get the best deals. Booked to go again April 2010.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good value for money	I found a great deal for this hotel on Hotels.com for only 100€ (at the time I booked about $140) a night. We stayed thereon a wednesday and thursday night.Compared to other hotel prices this is a real deal in New York, considered the location (less then 5 min. walk to Central Park).You're pretty much close to almost everything here: MoMa, Frick, MET, Time Square, Rockefeller Center, Empire State and many more all within a walking distance.For the southern part Manhattan, it's easy to take the subway.The hotel itself, was quite old, but in a good and clean condition. The rooms were relatively spacious and well kept. A big plus was the walk in closet which easely stored our suitcases and still room for more. The bathroom was in near mint condition. I stayed in newer hotels, with bathrooms in worse conditions than this one...Hotel staff was very friendly and helpfull. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good Experience	The hotel has a good comfort, and affordable prices, also near to main streets and the metro, very important if you don't rent a car.	
Nov 19 2009 	Near the Subways!!!!!!	OK it's plain, a little old. It has no bar or restaurant and the staff is snooty. But it's rooms are clean, large rooms (for New York), bathroom is big. Flat screen and a safe in each room. But the best part, the hotel is right where you need it to be, between two subways. N-R-Q-W half a block west of (Times Square) the F is half a block east. And the A-C-E (to the Meatpacking district) and the #1 (to Greenwich Village) are just 2 blocks away at Columbus Circle. 5th Ave is a short 5 minute walk east. Central Park 2 short blocks north. Times square about 20 minutes south. I definitely would stay here again. I would make everything I mention above on your must to do list. Check out The Little Owl or MarketTable in Greenwich Village, Union Square on market day, and purse shopping in Chinatown. The View restaurant in Times Square for drinks only and before 9:00pm (after 9.00pm they charge $7.00).	
Nov 19 2009 	Bland but comfortable and convenient at a good price	This hotel met my expectations: great location, massive rooms and closets, obliging but not over friendly staff, (not overly welcoming), except one whose name I forget but was working a double shift, poor thing. However, it had no personality.... but who needs personality in a hotel when you are staying in New York. Go to the Top of the Rock, buy the double ticket and go back at night. Go on the 3 hour boat trip - well worth the time spent and you get to sit down. Went early November, next time will go later so that I see the decorations instead of watching them being erected. Also the burgers in the Burger Joint in Parker Meridien hotel immediately opposite the Salisbury are delicious.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great value great location.	This hotel was a nice find for me. It is located blocks from Central Park and is minutes away from Times Square. What I like best was what you got for your money. Sure it isn't the most modern hotel around, the decor is dated but the price was right. The room was clean and spacious and the beds comfortable. It came with a LCD television which is a nice touch. We had a room facing the back, and though the view wasn't very exciting it was nice and quiet. The staff were very efficient and very friendly. They also have a very inexpensive Continental breakfast that was worth every penny. So would I stay in this hotel again? In a heartbeat. Great location, great value, and good staff, what more could you ask for. My only complaint is high speed internet was ten dollars a day.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel. We chose it both times because we needed a suite that would accomodate 5-6 people. The suites are large and there is a small fridge, sink and microwave. The location is great-walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave, Radio City, and even Times Square, Broadway, etc. We just took the subway to SOHO and the Met, but we even walked back from the Met through Central Park. You can get a continental breakfast in the hotel for $6, which is still a bargain. The only negatives are: the bathrooms need to get renovated, they are very dated but still clean, and the front rooms pick up the noise from the street. Our suite this time had the bedroom at the back, so the bedroom was quiet. I still recommend this hotel for larger families or groups of more than 4. You will love the location.	
Nov 14 2009 	Unbeatable combination of location comfort price	One night at the Salisbury demonstrated its value: reduced rate parking neaby, polite and efficient check-in, upgraded to a suit, large bedroom with comfortable beds, flat-screen TV's, kitchenette, and the best breakfast in the city for $6.00. Only small complaint: the bedroom air-conditionner was a bit noisy. All for $143.00 plus taxes. Will return.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location great rooms	A friend and I stayed at the Salisbury in late October for 6 nights. Our suite was huge - a large living room with comfortable furniture, small breakfast nook, bedroom with two nice size very comfortable beds and a bath. Lots of closet space! This ihotel is in a great location and was very comfortable. I recommend this hotel to travelers who appreciate the older hotels and are not in need of room service. There are so many restaurants in the area it would be a shame to waste time eating in your room. The kitchenette/breakfast nook had a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker and storage cabinets wihch made breakfast a snap and allowed heating up any great restaurant leftovers the next day. We loved this hotel and will definitely be back.	
Nov 13 2009 	The Salisbury. Plain.	Nothing special about this hotel but good location and pleasant staff. The rooms are big (for NYC) and the place is clean, if a little dated. Good value for money.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great hotel for a great holiday!	Me and my girlfriend (now fiancee after our trip to NYC!) stayed here between the 10-15 September. We met my brother and his girlfriend there as they were stopping off in New York on their round the world trip! We could not fault the hotel, yes the decor is a little dated, but it adds to the character of the hotel. It wouldn't be right if it were ultra modern and minimalist! The reception staff and concierge were extremely polite, whether it be 6am or 11pm they were so helpful and courteous, make sure you tip them, they do a great job!The room itself was MASSIVE!! We booked a 1 bed suite with a king bed, we got a 1 bed suite with 2 doubles, not a massive inconvenience as my brother and partner were using the sofa bed in the living room. The room had everything you could possibly need for a short break, mini kitchen (sink, fridge, microwave) which was fine, the beds were extremely comfortable, the bathroom looked like it was decorated in the 70's but again this adds to the character! The A/C was a welcome delight after being out all day in the heat, although it was a tad noisy i slept fine! The living room had a really comfy sofa and 2 comfy armchairs, a flat screen TV (great for Sunday Night Football!) The selection of TV channels was great, something for everyone. I expected street noise as we overlooked W 57th which is a VERY busy street even at 12-1am it's still packed and only dies down for a couple of hours overnight then from 5-6am it's busy again. But the noise didn't bother us, it added to the atmosphere as we EXPECTED it so it wasn't a problem. The $4 continental breakfast was great! It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but all you can eat cereal, bagels, muffins, donuts, toast, croissants and other pastries, tea, coffee, juice was a great start to the day for me!The location was also brilliant, 1 min walk to W 57th subway station, across the street is a Starbucks and Carnegie Hall, next door is a Pizza restaurant, at either end of the street is Duane Reade convenience store and there is also a great little supermarket 5 mins down on the corner of 57th and 7th, 5 mins away is Central Park, 5 mins walk is 5th Avenue, 10 mins walk is Times Square, literally slap bang in the middle of Midtown Manhattan, so if it's sightseeing your after, then it's a great base!We had looked around at other hotels and we picked this one for it's location, we weren't disappointed! We're already planning our next trip, this time for 10 nights, to the Salisbury, it had everything we needed and more! I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking to go to NYC!	
Nov 6 2009 	great location acceptable hotel	We chose the Salisbury because we grabbed a great rate. Since then, we have not seen a great rate appear. The location near Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center is perect for everything. It was much much much less expensive than the alternatives and perfectly acceptable. The room was large for New York and comfortable. The ckloset space was amazing. One mild irritation ws thta internet cost $10 a day.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good location but very noisy	The hotel is in a great spot - close to subway, Central Park and 5th Ave. However it is currently next door to a large hole and the road is currently also under repair. Consequently, the normal city noise was magnified as they often worked all night on the road. The building site won't be finished any time in the next 6 months so if you like to sleep, be prepared to use earplugs or find another hotel. This one has seen better days - the rooms have had a bit of a tart up - but nothing can save the old bathrooms.  If you want to make tea bring your own hot water jug. Only a coffee maker in the room. A microwave and small fridge complete the 'Kitchette' listed on the website.Internet is available in the room - US $10/24hr period. It was not available by the hour or 1/2 hour.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Value and Location!!! Highly recommended!	We stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in October for one week. We booked a standard double room for an amazing rate. The hotel is located in midtown New York City with all the sights nearby. You can easily walk to Times Square, Central Park, MoMa, Metropolitan opera etc….. Two subway station are located a 3-minute stroll away. The room itself is huge, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. You also find a lot of information about NYC in books and magazines in your room provided by the hotel. Our room was in the 17th floor facing 57th street. We thought that there was not too much noise in consideration of the fact that you are right inside of Manhattan. Earlier reviews reported that the elevators were too slow. We did not experience long waits for the elevators. The breakfast for 6 $ is a good deal, although not really on the healthy side. Staff was very friendly and helpful! We had a great stay at the Salisbury Hotel. It is a great base for exploring amazing New York City. We would definitely stay again and already recommended the hotel to our friends!!	
Nov 3 2009	Great for the money	We stayed at the Salisbury Hotel at the beginning of October for 8 nights. It is in a great location - very central and close to subway etc. The rooms are a good size and we had plenty of closet space and a little kitchenette which is very handy. Yes the rooms are a bit dated but they are clean . The staff at reception varied. Some were very helpful and others just plain rude. When they were digging up and resurfacing the road out front from 9pm until 6am (unbearable noise), the guy at the front desk told me to &quot;get some earplugs&quot; when I explained that I am a very light sleeper and may need a room at the back. Even though the hotel had no control over city roadworks, basic manners are still required!!! The roadwork went on for 3 nights and we were eventually moved into a back room. The breakfast isn't that great. It is now $6 but not much to choose from so we ended up just having our own cereal in our room. I was all set to love this hotel after reading so many great reviews. It is good value for money but a bit of bad luck ( roadworks) and some rude front desk staff resulted in us just liking our stay. New York is the most exciting place in the world and if you are on at budget then Salisbury Hotel is a great means to an end. Some of the things I can recommend to do inNew York are-1. The Sunday Stimulus Buffet Brunch at Tavern on the Green ( need to book)2. The best burgers ever at Burger Joint ( In the Le Parker Meridien hotel)3. The View Lounge at the Marriott Marquis Times Square. This is a revolving bar on the 48th floor . Go at sunset and it takes 90 mins to go full circle4. Top of the Rock - great views and no queues unlike the Empire State Building5. The New York Duck tour is fun6. Dont bother with Hop on hop off tickets. We got a metrocard ($28) for unlimited rides on subway and buses for 7 days. 1,3 and 5 days also available.7. The Boathouse Cafe in Central Park is great. 8. Museum of the History of New York is wonderful. It is on 5th and 103rdWe also did a day trip to Southampton. Easy to get to on Long Island Railroad but best done in summer. Eventhough it was Columbus Day W'end was very quiet. Nice place though.We did Boston in a day. We got the 7am Bolt Bus, arrived just after 11am and had a whole day in Boston. We then got the bus home at 7pm. Exhausting day but well worth it if you dont have a lot of time and we loved Boston. If I ever get back to New York I will certainly look up the Salisbury and if I could get a great price I would stay there again	
Nov 2 2009 	Good hotel and great value.	We had a junior suite. My wife and I were on the sofa bed and the two girls shared one of the double beds and the boys shared the other. The rooms were spacious and clean although they forgot to empty the bin from the previous occupants as one would have expected although no big deal in the overeall scheme of things. This is ideal for the low budget big family wanting to explore NY. That we did and we had a fantastic time. Take a bottle opener for those nights in and if you are anywhere near the 15th floor looking out from the rear of the hotel keep your curtains shut. There will be an ugly fat naked guy &quot;performing&quot; in his appartment on the 14th floor opposite. Very creepy! I reported him to the reception and they were going to deal with him (somehow?). I hope they do! Most unpleasant.Keep your curtains shut and you will have a great time based here. Great value.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great locatio	Stayed here between 2-7th Oct part of 40th b'day trip. Taxi to hotel was easy to get, just follow the signs &amp; cost $55 including tip. Check in was easy &amp; quick we were told breakfast WAS included although we didn't book breakfast but we never tried it as we like a cooked breakfast. Found a small diner on 7th Ave where we had breakfast which was really good. We had a 1 bed suite &amp; it has huge, 2 queen size beds &amp; small .bathroom but fine. I did think room was abit chilly but couldn't work out where heating was coming from as no radiators but it didn't spoil my stay. Lots of info available in room for local attractions. Apartments opposite did provide us a few 'shows' Went to Italian few doors down for meal which was lovely. Location is great Central park &amp; subway near by. Ate at some great places &amp; even found an Ethiopian restuarant on 10th ave. Booked car with hotel to Newark airport (flying to Vegas), on time &amp; gave us a white stretch limo at no extra cost about 1hr drive because of traffic, cost $78 plus tip. Would definately stay here again if visiting.	
Oct 29 2009 	A central hotel	Older hotel which was once apartments. Located in West 57th St it is perfectly located for all sight seeing attractions. Times Sq and Central Park both within 2 mins walk. Subway within 1 min walk. Good restuarants/diners nearby. 	
Oct 29 2009 	Clean great location and a good price	The Salisbury Hotel is one street south of Central Park between 6th Ave and 7th Ave in easy walking distance to Time Square, the Theatres, and Central Park. Our room was big and comfortable with 2 double beds. It was a little tired but spotlessly clean. As well as a reasonable sizes bathroom there is a very usable case room come closet with safe which enables the living area to be clear of luggage. The Continental Breakfast was $6.00 per head. I have no hesitation in recommending the Salisbury.DC and MJ Adelaide Australia	
Oct 28 2009 	Best deal in Manhattan	Considering the price, this is one of the best deals in NYC. Pros:- The hotel is located on 57th street between 6th and 7th avenue, which is close to most attractions including central park. - There are 2 subway stations located near the hotel so there's a lot of lines to choose from. - Rooms are very spacious in comparison to other NY hotels.- Rooms are clean and very well equipped.- Rooms have flat screen TV- Bathroom was clean and comfy- Rooms have good air-con although a bit noisy one- Breakfast is one of the cheapest in town ($4 per person)- Staff is friendly, especially the doormanCons: I couldn't find any...Tip: ask for a room on a high floor not facing 57th street if you're a light sleeper	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value	Comfortable and a lot of space (especially for the many bags you'll probably have at the end of your trip). Central Park just a few steps. For the other things, have a Metrocard, you'll need it. Breakfast good if you don't want to go out, but with not so healthy options. Seven special days with the the help of the hotel staff, always polite and ready to give the best information available. Highly recommended.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location!!	We choose this hotel based on location &amp; price and we weren't dissapointed. 10 mins walk to Times Square, under 5 mins walk to Central Park. Right opposite to Carnagie hall. The Hotel is a bit old, specially the bathrooms, but clean. Beds are confortable. Aircon unit a bit noisy.Breakfast is served on the 3rd floor for 4 dollars. Tea, coffee, pastries, cereal, bread, good value.We got the hotel limousine service back to JFK for 60 dollars, same pirce as a taxi, but left NY in style!I would certainly stay at the Salisbury again next time if we can get the same price we got this time.	
Oct 27 2009 	A great location	The hotel is located 2 blocks from Central Park and a few minute walk from Time Square. The lobby is small but fairly normal for a New York Hotel. The bell staff was courteous and helpful. When checking in the female hotel receptionist was rude and clearly disliked her job. We booked our room online and requested a king bed. The female clerk told us that &quot;Online reservations don't guarantee anything.&quot; Um what? She told us that if we would be willing to wait a few hours we could have a King bed. We had no problem waiting. The room was clean and in great shape for the age of the building. I would recommend staying here it is in a prime spot. Go to the Broadway show ROCK of Ages it was incredible!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 24 2009 	GREAT LOCATION BUT NEEDS DECENT DOUBLE GLAZING	Good value as literally a 2 minute walk from Central Park. Room was good size and clean although closet smelled of fish! Staff nice and friendly. The $6.00 breakfast was OK but if hotel must use plastic cutlery etc, could do with being more substantial. Biggest gripe however was the noise - building work was bad enough with what sounded like a giant angle-grinder well passed mid-night but two nights of re-surfacing the road all night long was a bit of joke. In fact one lady was advised to put pillows round the air conditioning unit in an attempt to stifle the sound! We stayed at the Sheraton Skyline in London the night before our flight out and from outside you could hear the plane engines being charged but once in our room, nothing! But if you want a no-frills hotel in a very good location then this hotel fits the bill.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent	Well what can I say! Could not fault the hotel at all. Excellent location. Hotel came recammended by friends from work. We we're in NYC for 3 days before sailing on the QM2. Arrived a little early to check in this was not a problem at all, bags we're kept safe and off we went to explore. Was really pleased as emailed the hotel to request a high floor, got floor 17, perfect. Yes as in some of the reviews the hotel may need a bit of paint here and there, but for what we paid, don't really mind, you don't go to NYC to spend your time in the hotel. Our room was excellent, very clean and plenty of hot water. We paid the $6 for breakfast, again everything you could want . I would defitnatley go back and stay at the Salisbury hotel. As in a perfect location had the most fab meal @ Central Park in restaurant called Tavern on the Green, WOW! I really cannot wait to get back to NYC and the Salisbury Hotel	
Oct 21 2009 	Location Location Location	This was our second stay at the Salisbury. A one bedroom suite gave the four of us, including two teenage boys, more than ample sleeping and living space. Bathroom can be a bit squeezy with more than one person. The location is superb being just two blocks from Central Park and a leisurely walk from Broadway and Times Square. The breakfast that is provided had risen in price by $2 to $6 since our last stay in 2007 but still represented good value for the convenience. Pleased to say that the lift seemed to be working better although at peak times can get rather crowded.Overall represents value for money for New York and particularly good for families.	
Oct 21 2009 	love this hotel ..breakfast price has risen..Green Cafe next door has good breakfast	We are frequent visitors to NYC and love the Salisbury. However, on our recent stay we discovered that the continental breakfast price had risen from 4.00 to 6.00. One can get a full hot breakfast at the Green Cafe next door. The staff is very nice there and work hard to provide high quality food for a fair price. We will be back to the hotel and the Green Cafe.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good location	Stayed in a 2 bedroom room with 6 other adults for New Years Eve. Great location for times square. Close to central park. Cafe near by for decent meals. Close to touristy stuff.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location and value	Just spent 3 nights in this somewhat quirky but great value hotel.We had one of their suites and the rooms were massive, with cupboards as large as some NY hotel rooms!Don't expect 5 star decor or fitments but the hotel is very clean and the beds are 1st rate.Location couldn't be better and the staff are fantastic....best value in the city!Stay away from the madman in the watch shop 3 doors up!!!	
Oct 16 2009 	Large Rooms and Great Location	This is an older hotel in which the room was large, with 2 closets(1 walk-in, and 1 regular size, a kitchenette which included a sink, microwave, and larger than normal refrigerator. This hotel offered a continental breakfast for a $6.00 fee, which was reasonable. Also was very clean. It is a great location for walking to Rockefellar Plaza, Top of the Rock, New York Public Library, Empire State Building, Central Park, St. Patrick's Catherdral, Grand Central Terminal, Bryant Park, Times Square, Carnegie Hall, FAO Schwartz, Trump Tower, and Radio City Music Hall. Just a fantastic place to stay!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Convenient location spacious rooms and clean	The hotel was well positioned being close to the Subway, Central Park, Broadway, Lincoln Centre, MoMA and shops. Reasonably priced Italian restaurant next door and French cafe around the corner. Close to a supermarket (3 blocks) and drug store(1 block). Large rooms (two double beds) with small pantry which included a fridge and microwave. Safe in room. Rooms maintained daily. Rooms were clean; bathroom was old but contained a bath and wonderful shower. Room had a large flat screen TV and internet access. Our room faced out back and was reasonably quiet at night but warm and stuffy (airconditioning was available). Staff approachable and helpful. We would use this hotel for our next visit to New York.	
Oct 15 2009 	Highly recommend for price location room size and cleanliness	Absolutely would recommend this hotel! Great location, very spacious rooms, very clean and great price. Don't think you can get anything else in NYC for this combination. We booked on Expedia and were able to get a suite for $255 and a queen room (for friends) for $207 (plus taxes and fees). Friends were able to upgrade to suite at check-in desk at no charge after reading about this on Internet - wish we had known. Hotel staff friendly and very accommodating. Large flat screen TVs in both rooms, small area off living room with microwave, coffee machine and small refrigerator. Furnishings in large living room just a little &quot;stark&quot; but absolutely more than satisfactory. Vanity in bath could have been slightly larger but storage below. Lots of closet and drawer space. Super location just two blocks from Central Park and Columbus Circle and half block from Carnegie Hall. If you don't need super-plush accommodations but want super price, lots of space, good location, cleanliness and comfort then this is the hotel for you - I would say this is the hotel for just about anyone.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent Location	Stayed at a suite in this hotel. A few minutes walk from Times Sq and Central Park, also there is a subway on 57th St so the rest of Manhattan is a maximum of 10 minutes away. If you have a room facing 57th St as we did you might find the traffic a but noisey - but this is the same for any hotel in NY. Had breakfast once (as it was thrown in for free when we got there - ordinarily $4), cold boiled eggs, croissants, juice etc. This is ok if you want to eat very lightly in the morning before going out.	
Oct 12 2009 	great location	great value with a massive room, walk in closet, large bathroom and a great location too bootwould stay there again	
Oct 12 2009 	Location Charm and Comfortable Beds	This hotel is fantastic. It is right in the middle of New York and is the perfect launching place for all New York pursuits. It is near all of the major shopping attractions, a few steps from the Subway, a 15 minute stroll to Times Square and minutes to Central Park. The 1 bedroom suite we booked was perfectly suited to our tribe of four (kids 14 and 12), and had plenty of space to kick back and rub some very sore feet!!. The staff at the front desk were terrific, and the only issue we had in our 6 nights there was a nasty little Porter/Bell Hop, who expected tips for simply breathing and looking in our direction. We never sampled the breakfast room at the hotel, which is a charge of $6 pp, per day, so can't rate that, but everything else was great. The staff at the front desk were very helpful in giving travellers advice and made sure we saw their stand of coupons and vouchers, which we used extensively. You will get used to the noise outside, which is just the vibe of the City, and no reflection of the hotel, as this place really doesn't ever stop. For the cost, the location, the front desk and the extremely comfortable beds, there is no need to look anywhere else.	
Oct 11 2009 	It's everything you want for your NYC stay	The Salisbury Hotel was built in 1939. It's not changed much since ... with respect to the building and the rooms. But it's modern. And fine for a few nights' stay.Seriously, you're in New York City. You're two blocks south of Central Park, a half-block from Carnegie Hall, close to several major subway stops and a short walk from Times Square. You want a hotel with a fancy pool and gym and amenities? Fine - go spend $450 a night on this. But c'mon ... you're in New York. That's where the three rules of a golden nights' sleep come in to play:1. Is the room safe? Yes. Don't let the peeling paint on the doors and inside closets fool you.2. Is the room comfy? Yes. It's New York, and I was upgraded for free to a one-bedroom suite. It is bigger than my apartment in miami beach.3. Is the room quiet? For NYC standards, it passes. There is a curtain in the bedroom but it doesn't blot out the street noise, so light sleepers should get earplugs.The room was warm and stuffy when I arrived but the windows open. Plus.The bathroom is small but there is a bathtub and it reminded me of home.There is a HDTV.The beds are a little stiff but no bedbugs.It's clean. Simple. Affordable. And near everything you want to do in NYC.Oh, and the continental breakfast went to $6 on October 1, from $4 - still a bargain in a city where $3.50 gets you a caffe late at Café Europa.What else do you want?Next door to Angelo's Pizza. Morton Williams fine grocers a block west. Discount at The Russian Tea Room.Carnegie Deli very close.There's better, but there's much, much worse. Save your money for a nice meal and stay at the Salisbury.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location	Great location, subway stop at top of block. Walking distance to most attractions..central park, times square. Subway easy to use. Hotel is an older hotel but huge rooms for NY city. 4 of us stayed in a suite that went front/back and had more than enough room. The continental breakfast for $4 was perfect. Will be staying there again when I return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	Very large, clean room, but the bathroom was dated. Excellent location close to the subway and Central Park. Fantastic deli nearby to get breakfast, lunch or dinner!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice place to stay	The hotel was nice, clean &amp; quiet. Nothing grose or stinky about it. The room was big and nice. The hotel in not new but it gives a feeling of characture. We would stay again. Good location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best Hotel for the Money in NYC	I found this hotel in the AAA guidebook in 1986. I haven't stayed anywhere else on my trips to NYC. The location and price have always more than met my needs. It's close to Central Park, Subways, and right across the street from Carnegie Hall. The staff is friendly and helpful. The elevators can be slow at peak times. And, the $4 Continental Breakfast could be better. But, I will continue to stay at the Salisbury on my next trips to the Big Apple.	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice Hotel Near Central Park	We have stayed at this hotel twice and find its location great - close to Central Park ,Carnegie Hall and a subway station. This trip, our first room had double beds so I asked to be moved to a king and was accommodated the next day. They have a good Continental breakfast but cafes and restaurants are close by. Breakfast is $6, for New York that's not too bad. We ate across the street at Norma's in the Le Parker Meridien for 4 times that one morning. Some of the Salisbury staff are helpful and some are not. Bellman are efficient, housekeeping is a bit slow. The breakfast room attendants are courteous and efficient. You will hear at least three languages spoken by hotel guest at breakfast for this hotel is frequented by English, German, and French tourists. There is construction going on in the same block so there are some noise issues. However, this is a good, clean, safe spot to stay in New York.	
Oct 6 2009 	large quest room great location	Large comfortable guest room with small kitchenette. No restaurant but a $6 continental breakfast is offered. Lots of places to eat nearby and central location. Some nearby construction noise could be a problem.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great location suites have more room than many NYC apartments	We stayed at the Salisbury April 2008 while attending the Ring at the Met. Only the Salisbury and the Park Central (where we have also stayed) are in close walking distance to Lincoln Center, have reasonable amenities, and reasonable rates. The Empire, for example, is right across the street from Lincoln Center but has a hot bar on the roof with lines around the block at 1am and the noise to go with it. Trump, Essex House, &amp; Ritz Carlton are all expensive, even for small rooms, and don't discount. As other reviewers note, the Salisbury is a bit frayed around the edges, for example, the water in the sink at our bar wasn't working during our visit. However, they try to keep things clean and amenable for their guests. The suites are huge, I would estimate on the order of 700 sq feet, and well laid out. Robuchon is just a couple of blocks away at the Four Seasons and Jean Georges a couple of blocks in the other direction. In fact, just about every good restaurant except Bouley is within easy walking distance. We have gotten excellent rates from Expedia/Hotels of 175 for a suite and think this is a great deal for NYC if you going to the Met or Carnegie Hall which is directly across the street.	
Oct 2 2009 	Rundown but adequate	This hotel is in a great location, with Midtown sights and Central Park within walking distance, and basically that's the best the hotel has to offer, despite the somewhat exaggerated rave reviews from others.We had a 'double double' overlooking 57th. It was noisy ( no double glazing) but there was construction work on the other side, which the lady at the front desk was honest enough to tell me about when I initially asked for a change of room. We didn't move anyway ( too much hassle), and my elder daughter was thrilled to see some of her favourite tennis stars each morning setting off to Flushing Meadows from the Parker Meridien across the street.The room we had was big, as other guests have already said, and there was a handy kitchenette in the entrance . While the beds were very comfortable and the room clean, the overall impression was that the whole place needed an overhaul or at least a lick of paint. The bathroom fittings looked like they'd been installed by you own brother-in-law in 1982 !The in-house breakfast was OK - plenty to eat if not a huge choice - and at 4$ it means you can eat quickly +cheaply and get out to do the sights.All in all, our stay was fine, and the staff were certainly helpful (the bell hop arranged transportation to Kennedy Airport for us with a very good car/driver on our final afternoon) but we have already got better deals on (much) better hotels in (lower) Manhattan and would probably go back to them instead.	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice and great location	Very good location, close to everything from Central Park to Times Square. Subway also very close. Our room was both big and clean with one comfortable king-size bed. This room had no microwave oven or refrigerator, the refrigerator would have been nice to have.Breakfast was good value for 4 dollars, when getting breakfast from a deli the price easily doubled for one person. Queues in the breakfast room between 8-10 in the morning.One negative thing was the building site close to the hotel. Luckly it disturbed only the first morning.A wonderful stay in a mind-blowing city. We were happy to spend our nights in this nice hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel.	We stayed at the Salisbury between 26th August to 2nd of September in room 1505.We stayed in a standard 2 double bed room. By NYC and many other cities standards this room was huge. With 2 walk in cupboards. One with a safe and both with plenty of clothes hangers. Also an iron with ironing board was in one of the cupboards.The bathroom was spacious and we didn't have any trouble with the showers water pressure which others have mentioned. The bathroom was clean, with plenty of toilet roll and complimentary soaps and shampoo's..The kitchenette was extremely handy. Everything from the microwave to the fridge worked. We used the micro every day heating water for our tea. There were no utensils though, so take a long a spoon, fork and knife if you need to.There was a large flat screern TV in the sleeping are, with a not too bad choice of channels. Also there were armchairs, chest of draws and a writing desk. With a smaller chest of draws between the beds with a radio alarm clock.Everywhere in the room was clean. And it was also cleaned every day.Be aware the windows can fully open. So if you're with young children make sure the window is locked The air conditioning worked fine. Which was a boon as it was very warm weather, even though it rained for a couple of days.One downside of our room was it was facing the main road. And there was building work a couple of hundred feet away. Which started started very early. This woke my wife up every morning. But not the hotels fault by any means.The beds were hard but comfortable with extra pillows and blankets in on of the cupboards if needed.The room door was solid with e heavy door chain to go along with it's own locking system. We all felt quite safe.If you need ice for drinks, there is an ice machine on the 3rd floor along side confectionery machines.The lifts were extremely slow at breakfast time. But efficient during other times of the dayThe staff were efficient, and friendly better than other service staff we encountered in NYC. When you go there look out for Al. This man couldn't do enough to help us. He was also extremely friendly and efficient. On the day of checking out we were allowed to leave our bags at the hotel with no charge. You don't have to agree to their shuttle service in order to be allowed to leave your bags there.When we came to collect our bags Al gave our daughter a complimentary Salisbury Hotel bag as a souvenir. He even took a photo of us upon request outside the hotel before we got into the taxi. I enjoyed giving this man a substantial tip.We didn't try the breakfast. Instead we went to the Green Cafe a few doors down from the hotel. They were reasonably priced and the food was delicious.This hotel is close to EVERYTHING. Central Park, Times Square, and 5th Avenue just to name a few. You will get a bargain for your money staying here.We can't say enough good things about it without this review turning into a volume.You won't be disappointed staying here. And it will enhance your stay in NYC even more knowing you are staying in a great hotel.We will definitely stay here again on our next visit to this fantastic city.	
Sep 27 2009 	More than we expected.	Great location, subway close by , paid $180 (with tax etc from Expedia.com) for one night and got a one bedroom suite, on 11th floor, spacious, a bit dated but clean . Internet for 24 hours was $10. Great value buffet breakfast $4. Got an early check in at 1pm which was useful coming from a cruise ship. Friendly service at reception desk, guy on bell desk was very helpful.Join the 15/15 Club before you stay and your eligible for free upgrades to suites, besides getting points, 1500 points gives one free nights stay: http://www.nycsalisbury.com/default.aspx?pg=frequent-signup&amp;rp=special_packagesDislikes, nothing really, we got more than we expected for our money.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great comfortable hotel for businessman	I travel annually to the City for a business conference and have returned to Salisbury for a few years. Rooms are unusual for older NYC hotels-they are good sized. A good sized desk with a comfortable business chair is in room.. Micro + refrigerators are in most rooms + are great especially if you stay a week and want a few light meals. 2 major subway lines are each a 1/2 block away. Central Park is only 2 blocks away and during warm weather is highly patronized after work so its a great experience for a long walk. There are many restaurants within walking distance. For high end shoppers just walk east on 57th towards Fifth and Madison Aves. Theaters are not far down 7th Ave. As I have stayed in numerous hotels in NYC, this is my most recommended hotel if you are staying in west Midtown.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel	Perfect hotel. We arrived at the hotel 5 hours early coming from a cruise. Al, the Doorman, was very helpful checking in our bags and getiing us checked in early so all we had to do was get our key at 2:00. The room was a very large two room suite with two flat screen HD TV's and two queen beds. The room was extermely clean and very well appointed. The location is great, across the street from Carnegie Hall, 2 blocks from Central Park, and within a 15 minute walk to Times Square. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 24 2009 	Huge rooms and fantastic location	The location is brilliant if travelling with small children and you want to be near the park, 5th Avenue, Times Square and the subway. Rooms are very outdated but cleanliness could not be faulted. There is so much room for the family to spread out when exhausted from seeing the sights. The only downside was the rude front desk staff when we checked in. Despite booking a king suite, we were rather rudely told that it was only a request that could not be met as none were available and that we would have two doubles. This was despite the person checking in immediately before us changed from a king suite to a suite with two doubles! New York was full of incredibly friendly locals and this was certainly the exception. On the other hand, the doorman on our last day was brilliant, organising everything including a limousine ride to the airport - a huge hit with the kids.	
Sep 24 2009 	Would stay there again	Lovely hotel, room was clean and big by New York standards. Did not get disturbed at night by street noise, which to be honest, I expected with it being New York. Very nice hotel with access to Central Park literally round the corner, a beautiful location.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location will definately be back	We scored big time with this hotel. We had looked at the Sheraton and a few others but luckily opted for this. 2 subway stations within about 100 yds to all main sites, Times square about a 10 minute walk away, great continental breakfast (Bagels, doughnuts, cereal, toast, coffee etc for $4!!) Yes, the rooms are a bit dated but we had one of the smaller ones and it had...2 double beds, aircon, ensuite, kitchenette with microwave, fridge and sink as well as 2 huge walk in wardrobes. you are far enough from the main drag to be not too noisy but close enough to walk easily to eg rockefeller plaza, 5th avenue 1 block away, central park 2 blocks, also main bus stance for greyline bus tours about 10 mins away in times sq. Eating out, we were there for a long weekend and found the Cafe Europa on the corner of 57th/7th (100 yds from hotel) great for breakfast, lunch or just a coffee. go past the europa and you have a world beating deli to stock up your fridge for any snacks you may need. across from the europa is the Brooklyn Diner, great for evening meals, or just one block down 7th ave, try the 'BenAsh' cafe, traditional Jewish/New York menu and vibe, not expensive...well, not as expensive as a lot of places around. PS, Little tip, Empire State is totally overrated, Much better/less busy is the 'Top of the Rock at the Rockefeller plaza. Also, dont pay a fortune to go to liberty island, we jumped on the Staten Island Ferry (Free!) and went right past liberty island and the statue (Its on the starboard side on the way out and the port side on the way in. Once we got to staten island, we went round to the departure door for the trip back. Total time, under an hr. Tip 2, as the Staten ferry leaves Manhatten, stay at the back of the boat for some great shots of the downtown skyline. Everyone else will be jamming at the front to get the photos on the way back. Best holiday of my life, great hotel. PS try and get to the Museum of Natural History next to Central Park..	
Sep 22 2009 	Exactly what we needed.	I would have no hesitation staying here again. We wanted to see new york and this was the perfect place to start from. Right on central park.Check in was easy, even though we we're early. The room was great and an excellent size. The porters were friendly and helpful and reception the same. Ordered us limos and brilliant advice.The breakfast was just what we needed and couldn't say a bad word about this hotel.great stuff.as for people complaining about noisy new york outside the window... grow a pair! It's new york!	
Sep 21 2009 	Close and cheep.	Perfect place in the middle of manhattan, close to the park, time square and everything inside walking distance.	
Sep 18 2009 	What a dump!!	The rooms in this place are falling apart and all the room doors look like they have been crowbared open at some stage in there lifetime. It looks like a really bad motel from the inside and basically the place needs a major paint-job! The security guy, who is pretty new, was fantastic, very helpful and friendly! That's one of only two positives about this place, the other being the location and that is what you pay for here, with its extortionary prices for a room in this place - we only stayed here because of tripadvisor reviews (which were very misleading). Dont stay here unless u like being ripped off or you are just looking for a good location!	
Sep 17 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	This hotel was in a great location, subway entrance on the same block and a couple of blocks from Central Park. Huge rooms, easily fit 4 adults and 2 children in our suite with room to spare. Outdated decor, but very clean and satisfactory (and I'm picky!)The staff was extremely helpful, and even got us a cheaper ride to the airport on our way home without us asking! Directly across the street from Starbucks, many gourmet and/or cheap restaurants on the block, also a 24-hour grocery store one block over, what could be better than that in case there's something you need last minute? Overall, we were very impressed and happy with the hotel. Would definitely stay again!**$4 Continental breakfast every day (didn't try) $4 for first 15 minutes of internet usage in lobby	
Sep 16 2009 	It's all about location	Struck real lucky with the Salisbury with a great price for 7 nights in a 1-bed suite off hotels.com. So glad we picked it too. First off, the location. In the middle of 57 St it's about 100 yards in either direction to the nearest subway (57/7th or 57/6th), which plugs you straight into most of the popular destinations in Manhattan. Carnegie Hall is on the end of the block and Tiffany's is just 2 blocks over. This is a fabulous location for most sightseeing as you are close to the 'action' but far enough away to be able to escape the hustle and bustle to sleep at night. We found that it only took about 15 minutes to walk from the hotel to either Times Square or the Rockefeller Center.The room we had was very spacious with large screen TV, fridge, microwave, alarm clock and most importantly an iron. There was also plenty of space in the walk-in closets. Everything was very clean and tidy but I have to say the decor has seen better days and could really do with a bit of a freshen up. The beds were huge and very firm (this may not be to everyone's taste)A word of warning; there is currently construction work going on just up the street, and these guys start about 8am, so if you are a light sleeper you may find the noise a bit distracting. On the noise front, we did find the air-con units to be quite noisy too so had to turn them off at night.There is no restaurant on site (they do serve a cold buffet breakfast for $4 each), but there is a directory of local restaurants (with menus) in the area that will deliver. If you do feel like venturing out there are plenty of places including the 24hr Brooklyn Diner near to Carnegie hall.The only real downside was that the wi-fi was not free, but few hotels in Manhattan seem to offer it for free which is a shame (we went to the Starbuck's on 6th to use the laptop)All in all a great stay and not think twice about staying here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Everything you want - except exciting design	Much better than expected!It was one of the more economical options in Midtown at the time of booking, and since the rooms were said to be very big (and they are), I was expecting a catch.Looking at the pictures on tripadvisor, I thought the catch would be that the rooms were in fact old, outdated, smelly, noisy. Well, they're not! Newly refurnished, but in a very oldfashioned bland design.So, good location, very big, well equipped rooms.On first day we went to the $4 breakfast at 7am. Was okay. Next days we went there later (8ish) and then it was way too busy. Not worth the wait (not that good) so went to countless breakfast alternatives in the area.Would go back although usually I tend to go for bit more exciting design.	
Sep 14 2009	Loved it - Great Location for exploring NYC	Title says it all, great hotel in a fantastic location a 2 min walk from Central Park &amp; 5th Avenue. Bed &amp; Breakfast well worth it, plenty to choose from every morning. Rooms are huge! Especially for New York as they are usally tiny. I have stayed in a 5 star in New York and actually preffered the salisbury to that hotel. The recepetion staff were polite, friendly and very helpful, and I will definately return to the salisbury. Any questions just message me &amp; I will respond asap. Hope this helps!	
Sep 9 2009 	LocationLocationLocation	The Salisbury is in a great location, the hotel is within walking distance to time square and central park. The hotel rooms are a very large and a bit dated but they are very very clean. We had five adults stay in one room and there was plenty of room. This hotel is a $60.00 cab ride from LGA with the tip and tolls included. We booked the limo in front of the hotel to go back to LGA for $100.00 tolls included and the tip is optional. When we go back to New York we will be staying at the Salisbury.	
Sep 9 2009 	Close to everything.	Nice, clean &amp; close to everything. Some of the staff could have been friendlier. Room was huge. Lifts were very slow &amp; creaky. Would stay here again. Try Green Cafe a few door's down for breakfast.	
Sep 8 2009 	Its ok!	+Locationbreakfast at only 4 dollars(big selection)Big rooms with a lot of space-The crew: most of the crew was not so friendlyThe rooms feel a litte old.The rool was very hot and drywe stayed at 17 floor and the noise from the street was not so high.The hotel is ok if you find a reasanable price, otherwise you can find better.	
Sep 1 2009 	the salisbury hotel made our stay	hotel and room were very clean. towels changed, beds made etc daily. lacation was spot on, minutes from central park and subway station. walking distance to times square, empire state, chrysler building, rockefeller and theatres to name a few. also very close to major sops like abercrombie and fitch, tiffanys, bloomingdales, barnes and fao schwartz.rooms were brillant, king size bed and sofa bed. bathroom and shower spotless. microwave, fridge, kettle, iron/iron board, room safe and hair dryer provied free of charge. also a flat screen tv in bedroom and lounge.service was great, staff were friendly and helpful.hotel was definately value for money. had breakfast in thier dining room every morning, 4dollars all u want continental, very tasty. also used their taxi booking for journry back to airport, 60dollars including tip and tolls.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel in good location!	New York is far from a cheap place to stay, but the Salisbury offered a reasonably priced suite of rooms bang in the middle of Manhattan. For about £175 per night, the suite was a good size - one large double bedroom and a similarly large lounge area - the sofa converting into a pull out double bed which provided ample sleeping space for the kids. The bathroom comes off the bedroom and there is a small kitchen area (pretty basic - microwave, fridge and coffee maker and no pots and pans) so we could grab a quick coffee and bite to eat without hitting the streets. The staff were very friendly and professional all round. The hotel was clean and largely in good order - the bathroom was a bit dated but lounge and bed room came with flat screen TVs. A few scuffs on the paintwork but nothing major. You can get a hearty continental breakfast in the morning for only $4 which is great value - eggs, breads and pastries, cereal, coffee and juice - and the staff aren't overly military if you leave the dining area with an extra muffin. Location was great - not far from the subway and a 20 minute walk from Times Square. All in all, a great find.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location friendly staff fantastic value	Booked this hotel on line for 4 days as part of a travelling holiday around the states, It was the best we stayed in. Fantastic location, just off Central Park, easy walking distance from Times square and close to Subway station. The staff were really helpful and friend nothing was too much trouble. The room was amazing , we were upgraded from a one bedded suite to a two bedded suite which took up the whole cormer of the hotel , two bathrooms, sleeping for 8 people if needed and a huge lounge/kitchen/dining area. At the time they were doing breakfast for $4 each a bargain and fresh and quick. The teenagers I took all thought it was great too. Will be recommending to friends and if going to New York will definately bei going here.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Value	Booked well in advance through Expedia and got a fantastic rate on a one-bedroom. Clean, lots of space, nicer then the website (although not &quot;fancy&quot;). Location is unbeatable...yes, there was construction noise but it's midtown Manhattan so what do you expect? There is a $4 charge for breakfast but considering the alternatives, that's actually a decent price. The worst I can say about the place is that the elevators are unbelievably slow (we were on the 16th floor) and internet is not cheap. Book ahead and enjoy.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Location and Value	Stayed here 4 nights and an excellent base for exploring the big apple. Only a couple of blocks from central park and a nice easy walk to times square. Rooms were large and clean. The staff were very friendly . The $4 breakfast is fantastic value! The only problem was the time you sometimes had to wait for the elevator as the hotel was busy. Would certainly go back.	
Aug 20 2009 	Marvelous value	Huge, comfortable room (#601) with king bed, sofa, two easy chairs, writing desk, big flat-screen TV on wall. A bit shabby in spots, but clean and welcoming. Staff extraordinarily friendly and accommodating. Fantastic location. Continental breakfast in pleasant breakfast room until 11 a.m. for $4 a person a real plus. Altogether, an unexpected value.	
Aug 13 2009 	Perfect stay	Last March we stayed for a week in this hotel in New York and will definitely say that we will be back in case of return to this amazing city. Perfect, perfect location (5 min. walk to Times Square). BIg, Clean and comfortable room and a satisfying staff.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel and great location	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here in Sept 08 and loved the place. Our room was great with a huge bed, and nice bathroom. The location is good, we were able to walk to most of the sights and highlights of this great city. The breakfast is basic but worth it as its very filling and a good way to save on food costs. We have already recommended this hotel to friends and family. Overall a really good value hotel and we'd undoubtedly stay there again.	
Aug 11 2009 	perfect location	The room was big and clean with comfy beds. Nice breakfast for only 4 dollars. Perfect location and nice staff. Will definately stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Hotel in great location near to places of interest	I would recommend this hotel as it is situated quite near to the Theatre District, Times Square and Central Park (and opposite Carnigie Hall). The hotel lobby was nicely presented and the staff at reception very helpful. The decoration of the rooms and corridor are slightly out of date but everywhere was very clean. We were lucky enough to have complimentary continental breakfasts during our stay and the food offered was plentiful and well organised. I think the breakfast room could have been larger as it was quite small for the size of hotel and each day there were long queues of people waiting to be seated. The only real minus I can thnk of is that the lifts were REALLY slow to arrive and you could be waiting for ages for one which was annoying after we'd spent a day walking around the city. Our room had a fridge and microwave which we weren't expecting so that was a bonus. Overall would recommend	
Aug 6 2009 	Hotel Salisbury was good value	We have just returned from an extensive trip to the USA where we began with New York. We had never visited NY before and we were not sure what to expect from both the city and the hotel. What a relief! The Salisbury Hotel was perfect for us. It is what everyone says it is - a little out of date in decoration. But that is all. It was clean and well furnished. We didn't find it unduly noisy - but we live in London, so are used to it. We had a suite which was HUGE. We got a lounge with sleeper sofa and a day bed, a bedroom with a king size bed, a kitchenette and bathroom plus 4 walk in wardrobes! I kid you not! We were on the 17th floor and the best bit about that was that you could get in the lift and secure your spot! The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and did not charge us for the day bed (we were supposed to have had two double beds and the sofa bed in the lounge but the hotel was full and we couldn't move rooms). Yes, it needs a little updating but think about how much extra that would put on to your bill. After all, you don't usually spend all day in your room. Probably the only thing we sort of missed was that there was no bar. I presume this was because it is joined to the church next door. However, this was not a problem since we probably wouldn't have used it anyway because we were so tired after the day's sightseeing. The hotel was so close to many main attractions which was a nice surprise. We like walking and walk, we did! Times Sq, Central Park, Radio City, Top of the Rock are all within an easy walk. We actually walked the entire length of 5th Avenue from W57 down - taking in many sights on the way. The subway was easy to use and people were very helpful since we often looked lost.All in all - we would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 5 2009 	Not what we expected!	We stayed at the hotel last week for 6 nights.Hotel location is very good. It's on 57th street between 6th &amp; 7th Aves, close to everything you really need, but could be very noisy area at nights, even in high floors.The hotel looks very old and much outdated.Our regular rooms were quite big and looked OK, also they were clean enuogh.Bathrooms were small, with kind of ungly brownish colors. The main problem was the shower: water pressure verses from steaming to freezing without a warning!Hotel staff was usualy friendly, besides one rude girl at the front desk (when we checked in).We didn't try the $4 breakfast - pure plain sugar and carbohydrates.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great For Groups	(We actually stayed in August 2005)HOTEL. Salisbury is great if you’re traveling with friends and/ or family. It’s reasonably priced and centrally located.STAFF. Accommodating and pleasant.ROOM. Huge with two double beds plus living room and pull out sofa bed. LOCATION. Walkable to Time Square—about 20 minutes. ATTRACTION. Easily accessible by subway station which is close by.TIP(S). Request a higher room—the view out the window is great!	
Aug 4 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic!	Stayed here in February 09, been meaning to write this review for a while. Seriously dont bother booking anywhere else unless you are one of these fancy Plaza dwelling rich folk! This hotel is lovely, we booked a double room and upon arrival were upgraded to a suite free of charge! Huge bloody great suite with walk in wardrobes, yeah its a bit outdated re: decor but how long you staying indoors when you are in the big apple? $4 for breakfast...v cheap in my opinion. Less than 5 mins walk from central park and you could spit into the subway from the lobby! well u know what i mean! The staff were fantastic and the doormen were STARS!! ** they booked our return cars to the airport and recommended restaurants when we needed them. Superb location. You know what im already booked up and am going back with my fiance on the 3rd of September this year for another week. Of course there are going to be people who are gonna find something wrong with this place, thats the human in us all but try to take no notice of the neg comments here! Just look at the 5 star ratings compared with the one stars and you'll know what i mean. Dont forget to take a taxi to and fro to the airport DO NOT BOOK A SHUTTLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!! BEWARE THE SHUTTLE SERVICE!!!!! have fun in NYC and definately book with the Salisbury!	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic location perfect accomodation	We stayed at the Salisbury for our honeymoon this year and we loved it! It was in a perfect location, within walking distance of pretty much everywhere and with underground stations at either end of the street.Apartment was dated in decor but was clean and very spacious. Staff were lovely and very helpful (they helped us find a pizza place to deliver to the room at midnight following a late arrival!).Amazing city, be prepared to walk and not rest!	
Jul 26 2009 	Unbeatable location bit outdated but comfy room	Hotel Salisbury is at a great location, just two blocks from Central Park. Subway station around the corner. The hotel is clearly a bit old but well maintained, still, the rooms have an outdated feel to them. Everything is clear and well functioning though.Breakfast for 4 dollars is very cheap by Manhattan standards. Includes mainly pastry (croissants, bagels, muffins, etc) and cereals with coffee, tea and juices.No restaurants inside the hotel but the recommendations included in the info brochure are excellent.Overall good bargain in New York.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location!	This hotel was in a great location!! If you're looking for ammentities, this isn't the hotel for you. But it was clean, the rooms were great and staff was friendly and helpful. Mostly we loved the location, it was easy to get to the subway, central park, 5th Ave shopping, times square and the theatres. We would definatley stay here again. Had a great time.	
Jul 25 2009 	no complaints	Stayed at hotel mid July 2009 for 2 nights. Had booked hotel after reading rave reviews on Trip Advisor. Wasn't disappointed. Hotel room old but very clean. The lifts groaned and went slowly and the hotel corridors need some new decor but no other complaints. Staff pleasant enough...had approached them about getting a taxi to Bayonne (to join a cruise ship) and asked if we would have any problems stopping a cab in the street . They offered to book a car ($70) ....it turned out to be a white stretch limousine.! It made our holiday! Breakfast is good....cereal, donoughts, fruit, croissants muffins, bagels, bread, juices, coffee. Kept being topped up. Get there early. We waited 10 minutes but when we left there was a queue of 30 people. Great breakfast for kids as they can eat as much as they want. Location excellant and local pizza restaurant delivers to your room...ideal after a delayed flight from Heathrow.( and it was good pizza). There was a small safe in room which was ideal for storing jewellery, cameras etc. Good value for money	
Jul 24 2009 	Right price good location	I would like to thank the people at the reception desk.When we checked in , we realized that the room is noisy due to a construction outside.We asked them to change our room.The man at the desk tryed really hard to please us.We ended up in a suit without adding a cent! Every time we asked for directions ,we've got all the explanations needed. The breakfast was good,worth every sent.We'll defenetly come back.	
Jul 24 2009 	great location good price large room with fridge	This is not the nicest place I've stayed in New York but it was great. It is not a luxury hotel. It is an older motel with large rooms, comfortable furnishings, large closets, and a refrigerator and microwave in the room. It is not elegant but it is clean and well-maintained. It is air-conditioned by a window unit which can leave the bathroom stuffy after a shower and can be a bit noisy. Neither was a big concern for us. The housekeeping staff was very responsive to our request for additional towels and remembered each day that we were there. It is in a great location. Walking distance from lots and a subway station on the corner. We would definitely stay here again... it is exactly what we wanted for a weekend trip with our daughter.	
Jul 24 2009 	Brilliant Hotel!!	We arrived from JFK by taxi . Straight away the bell man came out and took our luggage which was v. heavy! We checked in and the bell man escorted us to our room. The lifts are not that slow. Only on the morning we were leaving did we have to wait for a little while. Otherwise they seemed fast enough for us..... The room was HUGE!! It had 2 flat screen TV'S . On our little desk there was a New York restaurant directory which was a great help. The breakfast was lovely. It had a great selection of breads , coffee , tea, cereals, etc. It is a great price for $4. The subway is just around the corner, which is very handy. It is in a very good location. Overall I think it was great and we had a wonderful time in NYC.	
Jul 24 2009 	Location is not everything	When you are planning a vacation, you spend time, efforts and money to make it a perfect one. Let's face it – a vacation in New York could be expensive. So, when you pay for **½ hotel more than $200 a night you expect certain decency and courtesy as for what the hotel should provide its guests, but this isn't the case at the Salisbury hotel - and this is an understatement!.This hotel is a complete letdown. Yes, its location is good and the rooms are large – but that's about all it has to offer.Actually, the hotel offers his guests more than just that: rude behavior at check-in, billing errors upon check-out, ridicules internet surcharge, lifts that won’t work, shabby-cheap looks (both lobby and rooms) and arrogant front desk staff. This rare combination of bad things almost spoiled my vacation in the city.I won’t book the Salisbury hotel on my next trip.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location	This hotel was in a great location.. Two blocks away from central park and tiffanies (5th Ave ect) and was a delightful place. The hotel staff were friendy and very helpful. Breakfast was ok and the bedroom was fine with a tv for when you want to chill out with ESPN and other U.S channels &gt;&gt;&gt;Fantastic&lt;&lt;&lt;	
Jul 23 2009 	GREAT!!! We loved this hotel!	We booked this hotel through Hotels.com and didn't really know what to expect. Some people said it was old, noisy, ... but when we first saw the room, we were overwhelmed! A spacious suite with 2 large beds + flatscreen, a living room + flatscreen and a nice kitchenette with microwave (which we didn't have in some other hotels, really good when you're traveling with young children!). There was a breakfast for 4 dollars per person, free for our kids, well it was really good! Nothing too fancy, just a good breakfast, great start of the day! So yes: the room was old, but not old as in ugly old, it was old in a very New York kind of way! Authentic and beautiful... a good walk away from Times Square and with a great grocery store across the street. There is a lo of noise outside, but that's New York and you just get used to it!	
Jul 23 2009 	Don't forget the ear plugs!!	Even if there is a rare moment of quiet in downtown Manhattan, you won't get any sleep because the air conditioning is so noisy!! Rooms are mediocre, very small bathroom. Front desk could be a lot friendlier. The breakfast is very cheap - but dreadful!! Don't take it - go out to eat!! The only good thing is the location - and even this is not good at the moment as they are building right next door! You have to pay for internet.	
Jul 23 2009 	Its completely worth the ££	I stayed her in '06 and I have meant to write a review since then. If it hadn't been worth reviewing I would have left it since so much time has passed ...But it was great. The only problem is - since we stayed it has gone up in price- which to be fair is to be expected for a place this good! I got a great deal cheap from Lastminute.com. The rooms of this place are very big especially by NY standards. Friendly staff - we received an upgrade for our room because they had made a bking mistake. The location of this hotel is FAB- so close to the subway and just opposite teh famous Carnegie Hall.Short cab ride to Times Sq also. Really wonderful hotel 10/10 - wouldn't hesitate to recommend - its worth every cent!	
Jul 22 2009 	Very good locaion	Hotel is in a very good location for all the sights of New York. The rooms are roomy and clean. The cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful if you needed anything. The staff behind the desk were rude arrogant and really did not care ifthey helped you or not. They would not smile and always looked as though they haed working there and you were being a nuisance to them. They spoke abruptly when dealing with you. The Concierge who was on after lunch or early evening was sour and to us he needed to retire as he no longer looked as though he was enjoying the job. They all need to realize that if the guests stop using the Hotel then they may not have a job to go too. I am amazed at the way they can keep their jobs when they display these traits. If it was not for the location of the Hotel we certainly would not be staying there. The Hotel is overpriced for what you get and it is a little old. it could do with some work done on it and a coat of paint would help.	
Jul 22 2009 	Simply not worth it...although its good location	2 adults and 2 teens stayed at the Salisbury hotel at the beginning of July for 6 nights.Upon check in, the receptionist at the front desk was extremely unfriendly and very unpleasant. One of the bellhops was almost rude and had constant biterish expression. Other staff members were quite friendly, but unhelpful.Got 2 rooms in 2 opposite sides of the hallway! Although rooms were spacious and “relatively” clean, the entire appearance of the room was tired and shabby. Huge amount of construction dust from the building next door was simply everywhere! Loud construction noise early mornings, too.Bathroom was small and got very steamy after taking a shower. No ventilation.While taking a shower, water temperature often changed from ice-cold to boiling-hot without a warning. – Dangerous!!! – Hairdryer was broken throughout our entire stay and although we asked a couple of times for a fix or replace, this matter remained unaddressed.Bathroom cabinet coated with Formica was peeling because of humidity level in bathroom.$4 continental breakfast was …OK… but the line for breakfast after 8 am was unbelievable.We tried it once then had much better breakfast at the Green Café next door for about same amount.The major problem was the elevators. There are only 2 elevators for the entire hotel and they are old and slow. One elevator always had problem while reaching the 11th floor (door didn’t open) and the other was constantly busy, so we used the staircase a lot!In general our trip to NYC was very nice since and anyhow we didn’t spend much time in the room, besides for night sleep.Unfortunately we can’t recommend the Salisbury hotel and we will not book it again, although very good price and excellent location, unless the place will have MAJOR renovation and staff attitude will improve.	
Jul 21 2009 	Super hotel great location and great value	This was my third trip to Manhattan and this was by far the best hotel I have stayed at.The hotel was great value with huge rooms and walk in wardrobes. The rooms are a little tired in decor but if you're in NYC you are not going to be in your room all that often.The breakfast gets a little busy but hey a $4 for a continental breakfast I have no complaints. You would pay more than that just for a coffee in Starbucks.The hotel has a wonderful location. Two blocks from Central Park. At either end of the block are subway staions for either the Yellow or Orange lines.Other reviewers have noted the slow elevators. Yes they are slow and there are only two of them but this is a necassary eveil of a hotel that has been around for such a long time. Only once did I have to wait an excessive amount of time	
Jul 17 2009	Great Value for Location...	This hotel was just a few blocks from Central Park. It felt like a safe place to stay, and you could easily get to anywhere else in the city from there. Not one of the more expensive hotels, but still very clean, very good service. I would stay there again.	
Jul 16 2009	Worth looking into!	Recently stayed here with a group of kids aged 9 - 21 and chaperones. The hotel is older and the elevators were not great, otherwise it was a great location, very clean with helpful staff. Continental breakfast was $4 each, but not a bad deal. The walk in closets were a huge bonus and the location was central and very safe.	
Jul 12 2009 	The place- the price- the experience	Great hotel. Huge room. Awesome location with easy access to everything. Overall great hotel. Free Continental breakfast. Great service!	
Jul 5 2009 	Jackpot!	Our family's first trip to the city, and wow, did we luck out with this hotel find! Location can't be beat, nor could the price. Great bargain for where we were located, right in the midst of midtown, a block or 2 from Central Park, and great dining and shopping and subway accessability. No, it's not a 5-star resort; and it is an older hotel without all the fancy amenities. But if you're looking for a hotel that's clean, in a great location, and at a good price, this is it. Staff was always helpful and friendly; helped to direct us everywhere we wanted to go. Would have liked a workout facility, but since so close to the park, we just did our walking there. Overall, a wonderful experience!	
Jul 5 2009 	Nice hotel in New York	We booked this hotel on a hotels.com 48h-special offer andy paid only 120 USD per night and room (incl. tax and all fees). Normal price would be 240. Located in the middle of Manhatten the hotel was a perfect loacation for our sightseeing tour. 20 min walk to times square, 2 min walk to central park and 1 min to the subway station are best reasons to stay there. The room was big and clean, but also old fashion styled. Bathroom was ok. Overall the hotel is a no frill location. The problem for us was parking the car, but two blocks away you can park for 50 USD per day (SUV charge).	
Jul 4 2009 	fine hotel in midtown manhattan	we were very happy with this really nice hotel, closely located in the Central Park area.large rooms, neat bathroom, super walk-in closets. alltogether we enjoyed this hotel for our stay (10 days). great housekeeping who kept our room tidy all them time!!! There's only one thing and that is we simply cannot get used to the standard double beds, which ar for Dutch (European) measures on the small side. But being that you spend so much time outside, we didnt really bother...It was our 2nd time in NYC (proceeded by last year May's vacation) and we really enjoyed it all. After a beautiful start with highs in the 80°, weather conditions turned very poor (we ended up having 3-4 consecutive days of rain). The hotel lobby with respect to seating facilities is too small with too few chairs to offer seating capacity to hide from the rain and spend some time in the lobby. Other than that:perfect hotel away from the crazy TSQ in a nice area!	
Jul 2 2009 	Good value for money	This was our first visit to NYC and the Salisbury was a great base literally on the doorstep of Central Park. The hotel itself is a little dated in places but we did not expect anything too luxurious as we were not paying top dollar. We were able to explore one of the worlds great cities on foot because the hotel is so well situated. Our room was clean and spacious and had everything we needed for our week long stay including a safety deposit box.I would and hope to return to this hotel one day soon to explore New York some more.	
Jun 30 2009	Super Lodging!	Our tour group stayed at the Salisbury June 28, 2009. We were welcomed warmly. The rooms were very large and comfortable. Everything was clean and neat. It was near so many things. What a nice place to stay!	
Jun 26 2009 	The Salisbury is the place to stay in New York City!	I came with my high school friends to celebrate our 60th birthdays. The hotel was very conveniently located---2 blocks to Central Park and 10 blocks to the theater! Carnegie Hall was across the street. The accommodations were wonderful in that 5 women could share a room together. I couldn't believe all the closets! The service was great and the hotel staff very helpful. We will be back again. Thank you so much! (One of the Sixty in the City girls)	
Jun 25 2009 	great location amazing value	A huge clean room with a neat view in the middleof Midtown for under $100?! This place is great; we found ourselves in the city unexpectedly mid-week, found the Salisbury on Expedia earlier that morning, booked a room, and were totally pleased. Unbelievable value, room was huge (suite-style), clean, modern, flat screen TVs, close to everything in Midtown, and checkin/checkout was a breeze. Definitely recommended!	
Jun 24 2009 	amazing	we were worried by some reviews but it was unfounded, staff were fabulous, check in quick and rooms huge.the breakfast is the deal of the century so check it out, you won'y be dissapointed. really great location near central park, time square and subway.we'll be staying here again!	
Jun 22 2009 	Brilliant location	2nd time at this hotel in 7 months. What a difference the sun makes. Last stay was in November and it was freezing. Staff were brilliant, they are so knowlegable. I had plenty questions. Thanks to the NY forum we caught the airbus then the subway to the hotel from JFK for $7. We had a double room with a queen size bed. A really comfy mattrass. We were there for 5 nights. The room was cleaned every day and towels were replaced daily. Empty fridge which is a bonus, as you can stock up from the nearby supermarket. Breakfast was excellent value for $4. We only had to queue once for 5 mins.We were in a party of 11 and everyone enjoyed their stay.The only fault was the 7am wake up call from the building works next door, weekdays only, but on the plus side it gave us more time to explore this wonderful city.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location of Salisbury	We stayed 5 nights with our 2 young children at the Salisbury and we loved it. The location is great. We only had 2 blocks to walk to Central Park which is so beautiful and a short walk to Times Square. It was quiet in the hallways and our room was spacious with a large walk in closet. The staff was friendly and helpful to us. We had no problem getting seated for breakfast the couple of times that we ate there for the 4 dollar breakfast. We ate at Angelo's a couple of doors down 4 times because the food was so good there and it was convenient for us. We even had the chance for celebrity sightings right across the street from the hotel one evening.The bad part was the view from our room was not great-it was the back of apartments and the elevators were pretty slow but not too bad. It just meant waiting a little extra when we wanted to head out.All in all we enjoyed it and the kids thought it was a great place to stay and fun.	
Jun 21 2009	A Gem in New York City	Our 2nd trip here and by far the Salisbury exceeded our previous hotel and expectations. Staff was so friendly, helpful and the rooms were LARGE! Plus the showers actually have hot water with water pressure...rooms were clean, maintained daily. Location could not be better...Nobu 57 across the street though better sushi at Rue 57 just a block away. Burger Bar was an experience in itself. Lure down in SoHo was a tremendous restaurant and don't miss out on Prime Burger in Midtown. Found this area to be much more safer late at night than our previous stay down by 34th Street. Oh yes...and do check out Don't Tell Mama, the most fun cabaret piano bar with tremendous talent just popping by!	
Jun 17 2009 	Lovely old world charm	Loved this old hotel. Huge rooms ! Great price and warm and friendly staff. Would stay again and the location is fantastic. Grab the $4 breakfast, wow !	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic location good value	I stayed at this hotel on my honeymoon for 7 nights. We had been upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it was huge!!! We had a lounge area with a couple of chairs and a sofa flatscreen tv and a little kitchen area. Then bedroom was of a very good size with a bigger than kingsize bed and 2 large wardrobes and of course a bathroom. The hotel was in a fab location for walking to times square approx 10-15mins, central park 2 mins walk and a metro station at each end of the road for going further afield. The rooms where a little dated and could probably do with updating, but we werent to complain as we were so busy out and about.one complaint we did have was the building site 2 buldings away it started every weekeday at 7am and was so loud, we were not warned about this at the time of booking.we did have the breakfast as it was included and enjoyed it everyday. i would highly reccomend this hotel	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Experience	I stayed at Salisbury with a group of schoolmates, and we had made plans to stay at this hotel months in advance. Because we were on a budget, we chose a configuration of rooms that would require us to pay as little money as possible. However, as our initial group of 12 dwindled to 10 and then to 7, we had to re-configure the rooms multiple times. The service staff at Salisbury dealt with us with much patience and we were extremely impressed and grateful for that.When we finally got to the Salisbury, on our second day, the credit card we used to book the rooms maxed out and the hotel, as per protocol, locked us out of our rooms while we made frantic calls home to sort out the problem. We were really touched, though, that they were compassionate enough to allow us access to one of our three rooms, as some of my friends were really tired from a whole day of walking. The rooms are not terribly large, but they are cozy. The closet is big enough for four people's clothes, and the bathroom is comfortably large too. The beds are comfortable, and we loved the flat screen tv. Our room overlooked 57th Street, but because we were on the 14th floor, we didn't have any problems with noise. The hotel offers a continental breakfast at $4 per person, and it offers basic fare such as donuts, bagels, toast, fruit and cereal. However, feeling adventurous, my friends and I headed out every morning for breakfast at the deli next door, at Starbucks across the street and at Au Bon Pain one block away. The subway station is less than five minutes away, and we were able to walk to Central Park, the Met, Times Square and even Herald Square from the hotel, even despite the cold weather. Great location.We really enjoyed our stay at Salisbury, and would seriously consider staying there if we go back to NY. :)	
Jun 12 2009 	No pretension No complaints	We had two rooms for four nights this past week. The rooms were very clean, even if you looked in the corners. Mattresses and pillows very comfortable. Nice size rooms with two large walk-in closets, small refrigerator and microwave in each room. Everything worked. They aren't trying to be fancy or gimmicky, but the rooms had everything we needed. Staff was efficient. (Some more friendly than others, but efficient.) Very convenient location, a few blocks from Columbus Circle, Central Park, subway stops, etc. If I can get a rate as good as I got this time ($132 prepaid on hotels.com), I'd gladly return when I need to be in Upper Midtown, but I admit that I'm surprised this hotel is rated so much higher on this site than others -- like, for example, the 70 Park Ave. Hotel which I find more cozy, posh, upbeat, and service-oriented than the Salisbury. The Salisbury may be better for families; the 70 Park Ave. better for business travelers.	
Jun 11 2009 	Tired But Happy!	3 70+'s (man and 2 women) found their suite comfortable, clean and huge. Their tip is to request a room at the back if you are not used to noise from the street. Breakfast at $4 was a bonus and there was an excellent choice. Location was wonderful.	
Jun 11 2009 	Not bad for what you pay	I went to NY with my sister over Memorial Day weekend. We had found good deals on this hotel through hotels.com and the location was good (even though we ended up going to Greenwich Village most nights). There was some loud construction down the street that would start up at 7 AM, but I can hardly blame the hotel for that and maybe that is why the rates were so good. There is a breakfast at the hotel that you can pay for ($4 per person), but we never ate it, BUT I was charged for 2 breakfasts (for the morning of the day we checked in, so how that works I have no idea since we weren't even there yet). When we checked out, I let the front desk know and they said they would reverse the charge....still waiting for that to happen. I have called twice since, once about a week after we got back and the woman I spoke with said she could see the charge being reversed and to just wait for it to post to my account, that never happened. I called again today and the woman I talked to then said that she would have to find someone to research it and call me back......it's just a hassle and granted its only $8, but now I am annoyed.Overall, good hotel and I would stay there again, just check your bill before you leave.	
Jun 10 2009 	Loved this hotel! The rooms are huge!	Although this is an older hotel it is well cared for and very clean. We stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was HUGE! It was probably larger than some NY apartments! The hotel is in a nice central location. Easy to get to everything. It offers a great continental breakfast every morning for $4.00. You can't even buy coffee in NYC for $4.00! I would highly recommend this hotel and I'm certain I will be staying here again.	
May 30 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed here a few weeks ago, because of the good reviews I found here, and I was not disappointed!The hotel was big and clean, the beds were comfy, the shower had good water pressure, etc. Breakfast was not included, but it was only $4 for a continetal breakfast at the hotel; lots of bagels, doghnuts, cereal, toast, coffee, juice, fruit, etc.Great location: close to both Central park and Times Square.I would stay here agagin!	
May 28 2009 	Excellent base for NYC visit.	Ok, this was a last minute booking on a Thursday, flying out Sunday, read all the reviews for this and other hotels but went for the Salisbury. Best move I've made in a long time. First impressions when you arrive - nice canopied entrance, reception simple,with wood panelling, staff friendly and helpful. The reception and indeed the hotel isn't shiny and sparkling, it isn't exactly dated, but then again, it isn't scruffy, with pealing paint and worn out carpets - its a nice clean, simple hotel and a great base for exploring New York. We had a room at the back on the 8th floor (lifts sometimes take a while, especially at breakfast, but what's the rush) so no major noise. Corridors are a bit dark - the room doors could do with a lighter paint to lighten them up but this isn't a huge issue. Room was a good size with two double beds, two comfy seats, desk, bathroom with shower and a small kitchen area with microwave, coffee machine, sink and fridge - ideal for storing water, orange juice, milk for coffee's etc. Huge flat screen tv., aircon unit which was constantly on as it was 82 degrees. Rooms simple, but very clean and tidy, as was the bathroom. Buffet continental breakfast (danish pastries, doughnuts, cereals, toast, ham, boiled eggs etc - a good choice if truth be told)at $4 per head is worth it, as other places close by are more pricey. Location wise, its near perfect. 57th street is two streets from the southern end of Central park, so a 5 minute stroll away. Carnegie Hall is 100m up the street, 5th avenue 200m the other way. There are subway stations on the corner of 57th and 7th and 6th avenues so 100m away to each. Both lines take you into the heart of Manhatten in 5-10 minutes ($7.50 for a day ticket which gets you on all the subways and the buses with unlimited access so definately worth it). You can walk to Times Square in about 15 mins, at a leisurely stroll. The view down 5th avenue from 57th street is immense - Trump Tower on your left, The Empire State Building in the distance. Angelo's pizza parlour 3 doors down has GOOD pizza, the deli next door to it serves take away almost anything, there are enough restaurants within 200m for all tastes if you don't have time to get further into town. Overall, I would highly recommened the Salisbury for its cleanliness, good staff, price but most of all for its location, as you will pay a lot more for much worse hotels in the middle of the city.	
May 23 2009	Happy Travels at the Salisbury	My family and I stayed at the Salisbury Hotel for 6 nights in April. The location was great, 57th Street is packed with cafes, restuarants &amp; shops.Our 1 bedroom suite was huge! Plently of room for suitcases and shopping bags. The little kitchenette was ideal as well. Breakfast was good, an 'all you can eat' style buffet of pastries, bagels, cereals, fruit, tea &amp; coffee, juices.The only downfall was the very slow elevators.................take the stairs if you are too eager to hit the streets of NYC in a hurry.Overall a great hotel in New York, I would definately stay here again in the future.	
May 21 2009	Great value great location.	We did a lot of research prior to booking our stay at the Salisbury Hotel. Although the reviews were great, we were still a little nervous because we had gotten such a great deal on the hotel. Once we checked in, however, we weren't nervous anymore....we were thrilled! The hotel is about a block away from Central Park and within easy walking distance of Times Square and the tourist attractions we wanted to see while in NYC. The hotel room was very clean and although the beds were only doubles (we had 3 in our room) and a bit cozy for adults, there were two very large closets in our room and a microwave and refrigerator. For a 5 day stay for 3 women, this was more than we could have asked for. We loved our stay at the Salisbury Hotel and would stay there again in a second. One note - the Green Cafe next door was a fantastic and inexpensive place for breakfasts and sandwiches while we were there.	
May 21 2009 	Cheap and great location	Positive factors: Great location, large rooms, cheap hotel, fantastic beds, air condition, flat screen tv kitchen corner with refrigerator, sink and microwave oven.Negative factors: The service level is terrible. We did not see any of the staff smile once during our 8 days here. The hotel offers breakfast, but stay out; terrible cheap food on paper plates! Instead, there are a lot of diners nearby (9th avenue) and a fantastic supermarked. The hotel lies in a noisy area with a lot of traffic (57th street), and the noisy air condition is placed out the window, so you cannot “shut out” the noise from the street.But the price of this hotel is great, and we will definitely stay at this hotel next time we visit New York!	
May 21 2009 	Good and Bad	The Salisbury Hotel is in one of the best possible spots in New York. Close to three different subway lines, Central Park and 5th Avenue shopping. They also have a great breakfast put on for only $4 which includes cereals, toasts with various spreads, juices, coffee, tea, eggs, as well as a selection of gorgeous cakes. Great value, very popular, but not a very long wait reauired for tables. They are doing the hotel up slowly, so there are some patchy walls there, but that didn't matter. I was in a one-bedroom suite. The sofa bed was lumpy and hence not very comfortable for an adult. My only REAL problem with the hotel was with the lifts. They were not always working and when they were it seemed to take an eternity to get from a high floor (we were on the 15th) to the ground and vice versa (I often used the stairs instead.) Apart from that though, brilliant, and I would stay there again.	
May 20 2009	Good value base for exploring the city.	My mother and I stayed in a one bedroomed suite at this hotel for the week of 10th May. The suite was huge and it was great to have that extra space given the length of our stay. The room was very clean and there were no issues with it. The only thing I would say is that the beds were very hard and if you can't get on with a hard bed this is not the hotel for you. Our room was on the 6th floor. There was obvious street noise at night but nothing that a decent pair of earplugs didn't drown out and I slept well.Other people have mentioned the overall &quot;tiredness&quot; of the hotel decor, the breakfast and the lifts so I will too. As for the hotel decor well, yes, I suppose it could do with a face lift but I didn't think that the hotel looked run down or anything and if they do it up too much the hotel will come out of its current price range which would be a real shame. The breakfast was what it was. It was included in our package so we had it every day but I wouldn't have had it otherwise. There was a surfeit of bread products and sweet cakes but little else and the crockery and cutlery was plastic which was a bit odd but the hotel doesn't have a kitchen so I suppose it has to be disposable. The advantage of the hotel not having a kitchen is that they expect you to bring in food from outside and this saves a fortune on food bills. The breakfast room is pleasant but way too small for the size of the hotel so there was a queue for breakfast every day apart from the days that we arrived after 9am.There were 2 lifts servicing 17 or 18 floors. As our room was on the 6th floor this hardly affected us as we used the stairs but there did seem to be a queue for the lifts on most days.The chambermaids and some of the bellboys were lovely, really friendly. The other bellboys and the front of house staff were perfectly polite but very businesslike and perfunctory.Overall the Salisbury was a very good base for exloring the city. There were two nearby subway stops which we used to get downtown. Central Park and Times Square were within very easy walking distance. The hotel was clean, comfortable and spacious. I booked the hotel on the basis of space and I wasn't disappointed. As for the few negative reviews I've seen on here - I honestly don't know what they're complaining about, it's not like you're paying top dollar.	
May 20 2009 	Good location but old and scruffy	Me and my husband stayed 5 nights at this old, scruffy och rundown hotel. We booked at hotels.com when they had an offer, which made our stay quite cheap, at least if you compare wíth other alternatives in Manhattan. The location is great, close to Central Park and Times Square, and hotel offers an alright breakfast for 4 dollars/pp. That´s the good part. The bad part is the hotel is really old and worn out. The staff could do with some training in doing more than just the necessary. We got a room with windows to the street and fortunatly we´d brought earplugs, otherwise we would have been completely devastated. We´re a couple in the late 20´s, no children, with a lot of travelling experience and normally not demanding much. But this time it was too bad, we´ll try a more expensive hotel next time we go to NYC. We can only recommend this hotel to someone whos foremost goal is to stay as cheap as possible yet not wanting to stay in a hostel.	
May 18 2009 	What a find	Booked on a Expedia - very cheaply. They let me check in at noon, not 3 pm. Enormous room! Very quiet, clean. Old fashioned doors and walls but so what? I like that. Wonderful location. A real bargain. Was there by myself. I felt safe.	
May 18 2009 	Good value	This is an old but very well maintained hotel. It is no frills, clean and perfectly located. I got a great price for a double room and thus saved for shopping, restaurants and shows. I could just step outside the hotel and walk most places within minutes. It is directly across from Carnegie Hall and a 5 minute walk to Central Park. If you're looking for The Plaza, sorry! But if you are looking for a cost-efficient, clean room to lay your head, this a great choice.	
May 17 2009 	Average New York Hotel	Stayed at the Salisbury May 12th for 3 nights, We thought as it was rated 30ish on trip advisor that it would be better than our previous NY hotel. It wasn't. The hotel is situated in a good location for Central Park and the attractions,. What we were NOT told was they are building/renovating next door. Pile driving starts from 7am!-Noisy-Dusty Ok this did not bother us too much as we wanted to get out and about the City but it was very very noisy. The hotel room was a good size (as NY hotels go. Storage space was good. The bathroom was in need of a makeover, oh yes the shower curtain does stick to you! In our opinion the hotel is very 'Tired' and in need of a make-over. Also the staff were not very helpful or as polite as you normally find in the USA	
May 17 2009 	Great Hotel - Recommending to Friends	Given the fantastic rate we received (booked through an airline who booked through Expedia who actually booked the hotel) and the location, we were expecting a dive. Completely the opposite. A well-run, clean hotel with ENORMOUS rooms (by my naive Canadian standards.) The hotel is quiet at the tomb between rooms. Yes, we were on the 57th street side and the traffic noise wouldn't let you sleep in but why would you want to when you're so close to everything. Subway stations at both corners - we used the F line to get downtown but walked south on 7th or Broadway to most theatres.I can't begin to say enough good things about this place. It made my first ever trip to New York a joy.	
May 17 2009 	buiding work	buiding work is going on three doors down, so do not go in this hotle for now thomas cook did not tell us about this a good place to stay as not far to all sightseeing, walk to time sqaure in 5 / 10 mins go on the m6 bus to most places just ask the hotle where to get it and get a bus map at the hotle (free)	
May 15 2009	Great Location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the hotel. This hotel is all about the location. Only 5 mins walk from the Park and about 10 mins from Times Square and the Theatre District. One downside to the hotel was that our room was badly in need of re decoration. There chips out of doors, scratches on the inside of the bathroom door (looked like someone had tried to claw their way out from the inside!). Our floor was very hot. 11th Floor. Air con constantly on, but very noisy! We were on the front of the hotel and yes it is noisy, but what do you expect this is NYC after all! The beds were very comfy and a lovely flat screen TV in the room, and 2 big walk in wardrobes. Had breakfast twice. Great value for $4. Had breakfast at the Health Bar and the Stage Deli other days. Both very nice. Rue 57 is a nice place to eat which is just on the corner of W57th and 6th Ave. Staff in the hotel very pleasent - in particular the porters. They called us a car to take us the airport. I think they used Dial 7 - would highly recommend. Overall a fab stay in NYC, and when I come back - which I hope to one day - i would stay at the Salisbury purely for the location. Hopefully it will have been redecorated by then!	
May 13 2009 	Good location good room but..	..beware of the noise! I you happen to be in the street side of the building, you better bring some effective noise protection. Otherwise, this hotel is very well located and all services are good.	
May 11 2009 	Lovely hotel perfect location	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel as I have heard awful stories about new york hotels. We stayed there during november, weather was freezing but the hotel had brilliant radiators and we were never cold in the room. Our bedroom was really spacious and had two double beds instead of the one that we were expecting. The bathroom was a little old and could have done with being updated.I found the breakfasts were very good but my boyfriend wasn't impressed. They were cheap and a little plain but you'd be guaranteed to find something you could eat. Location was excellent for pretty much everything, right beside subway station and most sights were well within walking distance. The one drawback was a lack of nice restaurants or bars in the area and there was no real nightlife in the area.However the area was very peaceful and safe	
May 11 2009 	Excellent location no frills hotel	I had a five night stay at the Salisbury whilst having a round of meetings in New York. While the hotel is a little run down, the accommodation is excellent, and my room was very large with a great view over 57th Street.Staff ranged from indifferent to very friendly, but were always courteous. Some have complained about the slow elevator. While it is slow and rather clunky, I never found it to be a great problem.Aside from the rooms, the greatest thing about this hotel is its location. Just two blocks south of Central Park and Columbus Circle, and a stone's throw away from two subway stations that will take almost anywhere you need to go. It's about a ten minute walk to Times Square, and one of the best parts of the trip was the nightly stroll to and from the city's hub.The Salisbury is right in the heart of the Theatre District, so is ideal if you're going to a show. Its lack of a restaurant or bar is compensated for by the wealth of places within a couple of blocks. I went to Cafe Europa on the corner of 57th and 7th most mornings for breakfast, and Trattoria Del Arte is across the street from that - it was recommended to me by a New York native, and it was terrifice - great if you're travelling alone as you can eat at the bar, and the staff are super friendly.	
May 9 2009 	Loved would definitely stay again.	We stayed in a suite for a week in April. It was fantastic, if you appreciate old and can handle the average showers. The rooms were massive and the price was to die for. You really can't beat the salisbury's location - we felt like we could get anywhere we wanted easily. It is right near the subway and in walking distance to so much. We adore &quot;old&quot; so relished in the old windows, door frames, door knobs etc. If you like flash you may struggle with the bathrooms but to be honest if you are looking for something with a good price you can't go past this place. We had outstanding service from the minute we walked in the door, contrary to some other reviews on this site. Oh - and one other thing - there are some reviews here recommending you don't stay at the front of the building because of the noise from 57th street. I would say, don't let the noise put you off! We were on floor 7 at the front and just adored having the street view - in spite of the noise. We really felt part of the city! If the sound of traffic means you'll lie awake though I guess reconsider. All I'm saying is that the view at the front is brill - we adored watching busy New Yorkers bustle to and from work! Enjoy.Oh, ps - there are a zillion great places to eat around the area too. Just look at menupages.com, or ask the front desk.	
May 7 2009 	Good choice	We stayed in this hotel in april for 3 nights. When we arrived the hotel the first night, they said that the hotel was overbooked so they sent us to the hotel next door,&quot;the bucket&quot; for the first night. The bucket was not so nice. So this was a downside. But to make up for the mistake they gave us free breakfast and a bigger room. This was our first trip to New York and i have experienced that very many hotels here are old and not so updaited.The Salisbury is a good choice in New York, its has a good location on 5 th avenue. Short walk to central park, shops on 5 th av and Trump tower. The room we got was very big, nice firm bed and 2 tvs, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. The bathroom looked a bit old but we didnt mind. I think thats coomon in New York. The breakfast was not so impressive, it was a buffet, just a lot of white bread and muffins. We missed scrambled eggs, cheese and ham. You didnt have a lot of choices. We had a fantastic stay, New York was amazing:) This hotel is a good choice to stay in.	
May 6 2009 	good clean hotel in great location	We have just returned to the uk from a week long stay in New York,We had spent a long time looking for the best place to stay on our price range, and after reading the reviews on the trip adivisor decided on the Sailsbury.WONDERFUL LOCATION just up from central park and subways at either end of the street, and the bus stops just around the corner.It is not the most up market hotel in New York, but after spending the days sight seeing and walking miles it was a good CLEAN, and comfortable place to rest your tired feet!!We had a one bedroom suite at the back so not great views but then not too much noise, huge flat screen tv in both the lounge and the bedroom, the bathroom was not the most upto date colour, but everthing work and it was spotless, the toileties were a nice touch.I will agree that there was building work going on down the street, but this was out the hotel's control, and lets face it NY is not a quiet place,!!The $4 breakfast was good value, fresh fruit , juices, coffee, tea etc, cereals loads of different types of rolls, breads bagles etc. the fruit bread was wonderful,! hard boiled eggs and cream cheese, ok there were do-nuts and muffins,etc... but no one made you eat them!!. We never had a problem with the lifts we were on the 14th floor and therefore used them alot.The front desk staff were, if you were cheerful to them responded in a friendly manner, the bell hops were great often helping us to work out our daily route and offering steet maps and had unending patience!!I will admit that the air con units were a bit loud but after walking our feet off each day we were so tired it was not really an issue.If you want to have up market treatment then you should stay in a up market hotel, and pay the price! , if you want a good clean hotel, for a fair price, in a great location then you should give the sailsbury a go!!	
May 5 2009 	Great value for money	The Salisbury is an ideal base for exploring NY. Large clean rooms, in an ideal location, at an unbelieveably good price.It is true that the decor is a little dated, and the paint on some woodwork is tired. It is also true that the corridors are not air conditioned, and the breakfast (if you choose to have it) is served on paper plates and cups. But consider the positives: the rooms are huge for NYC, and they are air conditioned, as is the lobby. The rooms are clean, as is the linen, and the beds are comfortable. And the breakfast is only $4 for an all you can eat buffet of cereals, toast, coffee, tea, juice, bagels, muffins (the banana muffins are particularly nice!), doughnuts, fruit salad, danish pastries, eggs... Most important of all, the location is perfect.I used to live in New York in the 80s, and the Salisbury has all the charm of a Hotel from that period. It actually has character, unlike the Holiday Inns etc that would be a similar price if not more.We arrived at about midnight on a late flight from Heathrow, and check in was easy as they knew we would be there late. Initially we were give a twin even though we had asked for a King. When I went back to the front desk to ask about this I was informed that it is standard practice for them with Expedia bookings (which ours was) to give whatever rooms were available (on that basis I would recommend booking directly). But I was told that some Kings would become available the following day if we could wait until then. Since we had no intention of unpacking straight away given the time, we had no problem.Next morning we had breakfast, took our suitcases back down to reception and left them with the bell hop, then went out for the morning. Came back after lunch and picked up the new room key. Immediately went back to reception and suggested that we had been given the wrong room. I was asked what was wrong, I said nothing was wrong, but they had given us a suite. &quot;That's right&quot;, replied the receptionist. &quot;We've upgraded you. No charge.&quot; I told her that we hadn't been complaining about the other room, it was only that we would have preferred to sleep in the same bed. &quot;I know,&quot; she said.So, the suite was enormous, with more storage space than anyone could ever need. An iron and ironing board, safe, microwave, coffee maker, hairdryer, two flat screen TVs (one of which was easily 46&quot;!), sofas, tables chairs etc etc etc, and the most enormous bed anyone could ever want. It was at the back of the building, so not the greatest view, but it was quiet - until the building site started up in the morning. The thing is, NY is a noisy city, and you have to expect that. If you want quite and luxury, don't expect to get it at the Salisbury, or at any hotel that charges these kinds of rates, you need to be looking at the $500+ a night hotels, and most of them will still have noise problems, because of where they are - one of the most exciting cities on earth.When all is said and done, a hotel is a base. A place to rest your weary head, that is clean, safe, and well located. The Salisbury is all of these things, and more, and I could not recommend it more highly. Given a choice between this and a more expensive, modern luxurious hotel...? I can think of things I would rather spend the money on. We will be staying at the Salisbury again - and coming from my wife, that is prasie indeed!	
May 4 2009 	Jackhammer Noise. Rattling Window Air Conditioners	We have stayed at the Salisbury on and off for the past ten years - and just completed a four day stay there. What was charming and quaint ten years ago is now dowdy and worn out. Badly in need of updating we will not be staying there again. Noisy window air conditioners. Bathtubs that don't drain. Surly front desk staff. Frankly, we've put up with it as long as we could. Even though we have given it favorable reviews before, it just didn't measure up. Toilet tissue so thin you could see through it. Cranky slow elevators. Excessive charges for internet service (very 1990s). No fitness center. Although we have always enjoyed its large rooms in the past, they're just not enough any more to offset all the Salisbury's other shortcomings. Discounts at other well-located hotels make them competitive with the formerly attractive rates at the Salisbury.One final note. The building adjacent to the Salisbury is under construction/renovation. Jackhammers started early in the morning on weekdays.	
Apr 28 2009 	excellent hotel	you cannot beat the salisbury hotel for value for money. we stayed in the hotel over easter and there is not one bad thing i could say about it. there was a party of 5 and our suite stretched from the front of the hotel to the back.. we had a very large bed room with 2 queen beds, a large walk in closet and a large flat screen tv , in the other room there was a pull out sofa bed another large flat screen tv, dining table , little kitchenette with microwave, sink, coffee maker and fridge, lots and lots of space, not like the other hotels we stayed in ni nyc you could not swing a cat in them. breakfast was very good for only $4,great location close to subways and time square only 10 mins away , around the corner from central park. what more can, i say. very friendly staff. excellent cleaning staff, you can also bring in food to the room , very good supermarket up the street and great pizza place next door.	
Apr 25 2009 	Shame no kettle!	Previous reviewers seem to have been lucky enough to have a microwave, fridge and kettle in their rooms. Unfortunately we had none of these and the absence of any tea/coffee making facilities proved to be a real pain! We asked at reception if it would be possible to provide us with something but the response was only certain rooms had these facilities and as ours wasn't one of them it would not be possible to provide us with anything. For this reason alone we would not stay in this hotel again as a cuppa in the morning or after a tiring day of sightseeing was important to us. The local cafe and Starbucks did very well out of us! Apart form this, the hotel is in a good location, breakfast is good value and the breakfast staff very cheery. The room was kept very clean by housekeeping.	
Apr 23 2009 	Just got back and were so disappointed	We booked this hotel (based on price and the reviews here) for two nights and were able to get our two standard rooms about a 1/2 hour prior to the &quot;official&quot; check-in time. The positives: The hotel is in a great location. The size of our rooms were good with two walk-in closets (a full ironing board and iron), new-looking and extremely comfortable mattresses and pillows, a large flat screen tv, lots of room in the dresser drawers, and a kitchenette with an apartment sized fridge, microwave and coffeemaker. The negatives: Our rooms were very outdated with chipped layers of paint, only semi-clean (when we arrived there were hairs in the bathtub, there was a lot of built up dust and dirt in corners and along edges and the windows had smudges on them). The bathroom had no ventilation fan which just added more heat and humidity to the rest of the room. Speaking of... like other reviews have mentioned, the rooms were extremely warm (felt like it was in the high 80's) and we had to run the air conditioner at night while we slept not only to keep the temperature at a tolerable level but also to drown out the street noise . Thankfully, the windows open.The two elevators are so slow that we opted to take the stairs (we were on the 12th floor) several times. The desk clerk wasn't overly friendly when we checked in and even less friendly when we checked out. Only one time was our greeting returned on our way through the lobby. On the morning before we checked out, I asked if someone could get us a taxi at 12:15 pm and was told that there were plenty of taxis out on the street where we could get one. (which we tried and couldn't because it was pouring down rain and every cab that came down the street had their lights turned off. We ended up having to spend extra money for a private car to the airport because we had our luggage with us).This hotel certainly didn't make a good impression on me or my two co-workers/friends who had never been to NYC before.	
Apr 23 2009	What a great place	I thought that I would add yet-another great review for the Salisbury. I stayed with my husband and 20 year daughter there last week. Compared to other NY hotels I've stayed in the rooms were huge with the added bonus of microwave, fridge and kettle. Unlike one of the other reviewers I found the front-of-house staff really helpful, they even managed to russle-up a replacement wheelchair for me when one of my tyres were punctured ! We would definitely return there.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fit For Purpose	Travelled to NYC for a six night stay over Easter with my Wife and Daughter.Opted for this hotel as it seemed to offer decent sized rooms, in a good location.We found this to be true. We had what was described as a standard room, which consisted of two double beds, writing desk, a couple of chairs, kitchenette area with fridge, microwave and coffee maker.Good sized bathroom with shower, and two large closet/wardrobes whatever you wish to call them.Complimentary in-room safe, iron and board and 32&quot; tv were also included.When we arrived, a member of staff appeared on the pavement instantly to take care of our bags, check-in was quick and effortless.Have to agree with other people about the lifts, they are slow, and after our first night one of them was out of order.On one occasion when we were waiting for the lift, a member of staff allowed us to use the service elevator, this involved leaving the hotel, walking down a side alley and in via the staff entrance, but it got us to our room.Our corridor on the 16th floor was being decorated whilst we were there, so although the appearance looks a bit dated, they seem to be sorting it out.Breakfast buffet is good value, for $4 you can eat as much toast, bagels, doughnuts etc, coffee and juice as well.Good location, very close to Central Park, and if you turn left at Carnegie Hall, you can see Times Square.There were a couple of good eating places which we used, although I can't remember the names - one was a pasta place on the corner of 7th Avenue, which was offering pasta dishes for $7.45 on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Carry on a bit further and there was a decent supermarket.Bus and subway stops very nearby.Overall very pleased with our stay.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location	Stayed in the Salisbury over Easter based on reviews on this page. We were delighted we did, its location is perfect for sightseeing. We were very happy with the room and with the breakfast. I would also reccommend the cafe two doors down. They serve excellent food by friendy staff. When we were there one of the lifts broke down but the very friendly guy in the service lift came to the rescue. I would and hopefully will stay in the Salisbury again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location	Stayed here for 3 nights early April. It was supposed to be four nights but on arriving we were told that the hotel had been overbooked (not the hotel's fault but double booking by one of the internet sights). Front desk were very apologetic but had already arranged our alternative accommodation at their/internet sight's own expenses just around the corner and did all they could to assist us to get there. As a further apology for the inconvenience they also threw in free breakfasts for us on our return. Although we had ours free, the actual price for breakfast is very low and although quite basic, there was certainly sufficient to fill you up. Rooms are fairly spacious and the microwave in the room is pretty handy for that odd snack. Whilst furniture and bathrooms look a little dated, they were really clean and beds were comfortable. Despite being at the front of the hotel overlooking office blocks and the road (quite enjoyable seeing someone else working when you are on holiday) the road noise was loud but as we were tired from walking around all day, it was not a problem for us. All in all, for value for money I think you would be lucky to find somewhere that gives what the Salisbury does in such a convenient location. Central Park was literally a five minute walk and there is a hopper bus stop just around the corner. The staff were friendly and certinly seemed willing to help with any questions you had.	
Apr 20 2009 	What a GREAT place!	Me and three of my friends went on a hockey trip to New York City and what a great hotel we had. We got a one bedroom suite and stayed there for 8 nights and it was great! There's a large living room with a flat screen TV and a sofa bed, a sitting area and a fridge, a small microwave and a coffee machine. The bedroom has two queen size beds which was a little hard compared to my own bed but everybody slept good anyways and there's a flat screen TV as well. The hotel is a bit old and the bathroom pluming makes a bit noise if you turn on the water just a little but we didn't find that to be a problem at all. We were on the 12th floor so the noise from the 57th St. didn't bother us at all and we had our bedroom on the backside, so it was quiet at night.We had breakfast on the 3rd. floor every morning and it costs $4/person. They have coffee, tea, different kinds of bread, cornflakes, donuts, orange and apple juice. We thought it was OK for $4. It's not a big room so you may have to wait to get a table but the staff works very fast as soon as a table is free.There's two elevators and they work fine. We got one in 1-2 minutes when we needed one except in the second last day when one of them broke down but you can't blame the hotel for that.The cleaning crew was great. They made the beds every day, took out our garbage (mostly empty beer and water bottles), and kept everything very clean.The hotel is located very nicely on the 57th St. There's subway stations in both ends of the street about 80 meters from the hotel. If you want to go and have a late night drink or a beer there's bars 300-400 meters from the hotel so that's not a problem.We booked our hotel at Hotels.com and got it for a very good price compared to other hotels located at midtown. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay close to the center of town, with big rooms and to a low cost.I hope to go back to New York someday and this is where I will stay every time!	
Apr 18 2009 	What else can I say?	I have to write about our stay at the Salisbury Hotel even though many others have written great reviews and rated this hotel very fairly and favorably. I stayed over our spring break (Apr 13-18) with 2 teenagers and had a 1 bedroom suite. I booked it after spotting the $173/night on hotels.com. I dropped a previously booked hotel (Radio city apartments) in favor of this one due to price. Sure this hotel is old (70 years) with lots of character, but we got a lot for the money-2 double beds with a pull-out couch, very large living area and kitchen, microwave, refrigerator, great location, clean and comfy overall. Our hotel requirements were 3 beds, in order that we could all sleep well, and a kitchen to help us save money on food, and great location. The beds were firm with very nice sheets on them and my son was thrilled to have the whole living room to himself along with a very large flat-screened TV. The furniture looked new in the living room as well as the carpet. As noted in previous reviews, one elevator was out for most of our stay. You can take the freight elevator if you'd like a real flavor of old New York, which we used exclusively since it was by our room. When checking in I asked for a rear room and was given an end room-long and skinny with the living room at the street and the bedroom at the rear. The bedroom was quiet, but the front was noisier with the street noise. We did not try the hotel breakfast since we went to the store (Morton Williams Marketplace) a block and a half west to get supplies. They have fresh produce, groceries, a deli, pizzeria, and a hot and cold buffet.  We saved lots of time and money by eating breakfast in the room each day. We usually stopped somewhere nice for lunch and then had soup or leftovers for dinner. Our total food/restaurant bill for the 3 of us was $400 for 6 days. We had Angelo's pizza delivered which was very good, Tony's di Napoli by Time's Square served family style and was a very fair price for great food, Lansky's Deli was a great lunch place with local flavor (try the mazza ball soup). Hated Maxie's by Times Square-very expensive, very poor service, poor food.  We enjoyed all the the city had to offer especially the plays. We had decided to see Avenue Q, but the tickets for many plays are offering 40% off on broadwaybox.com so we also saw Mama Mia and 39 Steps. All were great plays and we had a really wonderful time at them all.  The hotel is so close to the subway you can get anywhere quickly with minimal walking if you prefer. We also took the bus easily to the UN (M104, no transfers needed). Don't let cost slow you down from visiting this great city. Our hotel was a real deal that fit our requirements perfectly, our flight from Detroit to LGA was $135 roundtrip, our food costs were reasonable with very little effort on our part to minimize them, and our entertainment costs were low compared to other times I have visited. We had a fabulous time, and I would highly recommend this hotel and a visit to the Big Apple.	
Apr 18 2009 	Family Visit to New York	For a birthday celebration we took our son, daughter and daughter's partner to New York for 5 days. We booked the Salisbury because we wanted a suite that could accommodate us all and the 2 bedroom (2 bath) suite here was ideal with plenty of space for 5 adults. We would agree with previous reviews - the rooms are relatively spacious, the accommodation very clean although maybe a little tired and the location fantastic. We had the breakfast on several mornings for convenience, although because of the queues we asked to have a &quot;carry out&quot; breakfast and that was fine with the staff. The biggest issue was that 1 of only 2 lifts was broken for the whole of our visit, which was a nuisance as we were on the 17th floor. The concierge/porter/breakfast room staff were cheerful and very obliging, unfortunately the staff on the front desk were the opposite, perhaps they were not happy in their jobs? We would certainly consider using the hotel again if we return to New York.	
Apr 17 2009 	Would Stay Again...	We stayed at the Salisburys over the Easter break for 7 nights, 5 girls in a 1bedroom suite. I had read that the rooms were a little dated,but made up for that in size -- They certainly did! The rooms weren't too dated, all they needed was a lick of paint, and new hostelry on the furniture, and just to go round the skirting boards and re-do the linings (chipped paint etc...)We had two double beds and a sofa bed, the double beds were firm and very comfy -- not what I was expecting at all! Apparently the sofa bed was comfy too. As we were 5 girls, it was a bit annoying having to share 1 bathroom, we managed, I would have preferred two.It was a basic hotel, just a lobby/foyer and 17 floors of rooms. We never tried the $4 breakfast, there was lots of choices for breakfast nearby though (Green Cafe, Europa Cafe, and Metro Cafe). The rooms were clean, comfy and large -- there was only two faults with our stay; 1) The 2nd evaluator was broken for all of our stay which was a pain, especially at the end of the day, when all you wanted to do was get back up to your room , and 2) A Shopping Bag was taken from our room half way during our stay. There was nothing of value in it, it was full of memorabilia of our stay, so it just looked like trash really, after inquiring about the bag frequently we found out that a maid had taken it, assuming it was trash :(Apart from that, we would stay again, maybe not 5 girls, it was comfy and clean!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Hotel Great location	We stayed at the Salisbury from 29 March to 04 Aprl 2009. This was our first visit to NYC and we were there to celebrate my 50th birthday.There were four of us - my wife and our 2 children aged 24 and 12. I'd booked a one bedroom suite through Expedia having read the reviews of the hotel. We were not disappointed. The location is superb - all the major sites within easy walking / short subway ride - and the room itself was extremely comfortable. It maybe a little dated in decor but we liked that - gave it some character in keeping with the building.The one bedroom suite was enormous - we've stayed in smaller apartments - and everything was spotlessly clean. We only had the $4 breakfast once. I couldn't fault it for the price but with all the terrific NY Deli's nearby we wanted to get out and about. The GreenCafe next-door was very nice for a snack anytime of day.NYC is an absolutely brilliant place, and the Salisbury was a great place to come back to after a hard day on the tourist trail. There's even a store across the road where you can purchase beer and stock up your frdge!There's a subway a short walk in each direction on 57th street as you exit the hotel. Everything's in easy reach and would recommend if touring you don't miss the following - Empire State, walk over Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, Liberty/Ellis Island, Circle Line 2 hr cruise, Bodies exhibition at South Street Seaport [not for the squeamish though], MoMa, Central Park, 9/11 Tribute Exhibition, Times Sq, Rockefeller Skating Ring........The porters are extremely helpful and when we were leaving booked us a car to the airport for $60. We had loads of luggage so would have struggled on the JFK airtrain and getting a yellow cab - we had a great surprise and end to the holiday when a stretch limo turned up!Memorable end to a memorable trip!	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent !!	This hotel was excellent, we wanted a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of the action and we got more than we expected! The hotel location is brilliant, just in front of central park - 5 min walk, times square - 15 min walk , 5th avenue shops - 10 min walk and a subway at the end of the road around 6 doors down! We stayed in a 1 bed suite which catered perfectly for all 6 of us! 2 double beds and a double sofa bed in the lounge which was the best sofa bed i have ever encountered, more like another real bed. The only downside was just one bathroom but we managed fine. We had our own lounge with ample seating and huge tv with lots of channels, another huge tv in the bedroom, small kitchen area with coffee machine, sink, fridge and microwave. Plently of cups etc. Maids come everyday and replace towels etc . The hotel hallways are a little dated i give you that and there are only 2 lifts meaning a bit of a wait in the mornings but nothing ridiculous. The breakfast on the 3rd floor is excellent $4 for hotel guests for all you care to eat bagels, bread, rolls, pastries, muffins, doughnuts, toast, fruit, eggs, juice, tea, coffee etc all fresh, could tell the doughnuts, muffins, bagels etc were fresh as the man was putting the out directly from the box they were delivered in which had the same day dates on. Overall i was very pleased with the hotel is was a great price and gives you more than you would expect. Great location, great breakfast, friendly staff and big rooms!!	
Apr 14 2009 	great location	This hotel was 20 mins walk to Times Square, just around the corner from central park and 5th avenue shops. Rooms were a good size and breakfast for $4 was a must.Only downfall was that there are only 2 lifts to serve 17 floors and on the last couple of days of our stay, one of these was broken resulting in a long wait for a lift.Otherwise, stay was pleasant.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good value for money	We stayed for a long weekend (4 nights) and thought that the hotel was ideal. We booked it on Expedia and when we got there realised that we didn't have the room we had booked. However, due to the inconvience the hotel moved us for the next 3 nights to a suite which was fantastic...our own lounge and huge bedroom. Don't expect a plush hotel as it is a bit tired but it is within walking distance of everything you need and close-by to the subway. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there are plenty of nice places to eat, I would suggest the nearest breakfast place which is left out of the hotel (sorry can't remember the name!), but they do take out or sit in breakfasts, we also highly suggest their Orio cakes! Oh and if you want a momento, don't forget to go to the first floor of toys r us (at the back), they take your photo and you appear on times square!	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Value	I stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in March 2008. It was excellent value for the price. The rooms were huge and the beds were confortable. The breakfast for $4 was a great value, and you can have fruit salad, cereal, bagels, donuts, coffee and juice.The location was perfect. The Central Park is close to the hotel. We recommend!	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location and excellent vlaue for money	Four of us stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in March 2008. It was excellent value for money. The rooms were huge compared to the last hotel I stayed at in NYC. The breakfast for $4 seemed good value to me as you could have as much fresh fruit salad, cereal, bagels, muffins, donuts and coffee/tea and juice as you wanted. They appeared to be fresh when we stayed.The location is perfect. 2 blocks from Central Park. Subway at either end of the street. 24hr drugstore across the road. A short walk to Times Square and the theater district. Yes the road is a bit noisy but this is New York City! It didn't keep me awake.	
Apr 5 2009 	A little more money you could get so much more.	Forget the breakfast, day old rolls for $4.00? Better value two doors down or at end of block.Everything you would expect to come with the room, comes with a price. Street noise to loud at night, hard to sleep. We will be back in NY in July but will stay someplace else.	
Apr 5 2009 	fab room massive suite excellent location good breakfast for the money but too HOT !!	Despite phoning the hotel and emailing them before arriving and asking for a room at the back of the hotel when we got there we had been put at the front. However after about 10 mins the man on reception upgraded us to a suite at the back. Room massive two televisions , fridge, microwave and coffee making facilities. Room was a little tired looking but very clean and we had a great time. Only thing I would said was that the room was really hot, had airconditioning on but very noisy. Breakfast good value and we had this 3 mornings out of 4 and would recommend to anyone who want good value accomodation in a fab location. Would not hesiate to stay there again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Perfect NYC Base of Operations	I chose this hotel based on the reviews I found on this site and it didn't disappoint. This trip was me, my mother and my 7-year old nephew. I had booked a 1-bedroom suite with 2 beds but it wasn't available when I checked in so they offered to provide a roll away at no extra charge which was perfect. It fit nicely in a corner of in the living room without blocking anything or making things crowded.We had one of the few back rooms and had no problem with street noise of any type. The AC units in each of the rooms kept each room at the occupants ideal temperature (icy in my mother's case). The little kitchenette was ideal and allowed us to have some drinks on hand, make some popcorn one night, and store leftovers and some breakfast items in the little refrigerator. No plates or utensils are provided though.The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate and the water pressure was excellent. It looked like it had recently been redone and was immaculate. The flat screen TVs in each of the rooms was wonderful and allowed kid friendly shows on one and the adults to watch something else on the other. Very handy. We also had the opportunity to try out the pull out couch when we had more family in town for one night and it was great also. The room was able to accomodate a few more adults without feeling crowded.Service at the hotel was excellent. Extra towels were provided without requesting. We did the breakfast one day and it was adequate. Lots of bread, muffins, and bagels as well as cereal. In addition to the nice room, what really made this hotel great was the location. Just 2 blocks from Central Park, half a block in either direction for two different subway lines and a short walk to 5th Avenue and Times Square. We were able to get everywhere and at night when we were tired, it was a very short walk to the hotel from the subway. There's also a Starbucks across the street and a grocery store up the street.Probably the only cons are parking if you are driving yourself since the lot they have better rates at (but still ~$30/day) is one block over and one block down and the 2 elevators which are slow and small. You did end up waiting a bit. And the internet rates. No free wi-fi and rates started at $4/15 minutes.Still I would highly recommend this hotel, especially if you have a larger group or children and get a suite.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great size and location	First time visitor to New York I was warned about the room sizes, and held my breath as we entered the room. I had booked a king suite however this was not available (we booked (through Expedia) a king room for all ten hotels across the USA we got king rooms on 3/10 occasions). The hotel was very crowded and on some days you could not move in the lobby for people. The lifts were slow, and the lobby and rooms were so so HOT! On the first night we turned the air conditioner on however that had to be turned off due to the noise. The location of the hotel is great within easy walking distance of some major attractions. I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to family and friends	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Location.....maybe a little tired though	Stayed at this hotel after recommended by a friend and also the positive trip advisor reviews.Fantastic location has to be the best thing for this hotel- very easy access to the subway and the main attractions. It was also very reasonably priced compared to a lot of the expensive hotels in NYC.We had a room on the 9th floor and felt it was looking a little tired and in need of redecoration. The bathroom although clean on the whole had a very 70's feel to it! Room was unusually spacious though. Our room was at the front of the hotel and I did find it noisy during the night as I am a light sleeper- what felt like constant sirens - I figure this is par for the course in New York though and certainly did not detract from the overall hotel experience.The main issues we foundother negatives were very slow lifts - certainly not enough for the size of hotel. Also the rooms and corridors were VERY hot!!!Overall a good stay in NYC. Great location and good price. Overall a good stay and would recommend	
Mar 19 2009 	customer service	we had a lovely stay at the salisbury .booked six nights through expedia.the first night we had to stay at the Buckingham hotel a few doors down which was fine ,apparently expedia over booked . we checked in to the salisbury having booked a suite.Very lovely rooms and clean. We had booked to see a jousting tournament in New Jersey the receptionist booked us a taxi and surprised with a white stretch limo for the same rate for the inconveniance of the night before, we were also offered a complimentry breakfast each day . Unfortunatly we had a problem the next morning in our room on complaining to the manager he dealt with the situation to our satisfaction and we were moved to a bigger suite and were offered compensation. From then on we enjoyed our stay and had a wonderful holiday i would thorougly recommened this hotel. Great location, great deli next door with friendly staff and recommend angelos for a nice meal out with superb pizzas . Salisbury deserve there 5 stars.	
Mar 14 2009 	Fantastic location	Stayed in Salisbury in a two bed suite (four girls on a NY trip), had been upgraded free of charge!! It was fab, so big and spacious, the staff were all very helpful and friendly and the location was unbeatable, just around the corner from central park, near the metro, times square and fifth avenue, could not be better! Had the best time. The hotel looks a bit tired and needs redecorating to freshen it up but other than that would highly recommend!!!	
Mar 13 2009 	Would highly recommend	Most impressed with the Salisbury Hotel, My husband, myself and our friend had a one bedroomed suite, the size of the rooms are fantastic, the staff so helpful (friend lost earring in room, we couldn't find it, but the cleaner did), location brilliant, cannot fault anything, even the 4 dollar breakfast is such value for money. This is our third holiday to New York and this hotel is the one we would return to, even down to booking our taxi back to airport, and the driver stopping on the way to take photos of the Manhattan Skyline from New Jersey. we loved the Salisbury Hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great value for money!	This hotel is excellent value for money, huge rooms, friendly &amp; helpful staff at prices which are good for your pocket. No bar in hotel but just around the corner at 906 7th Avenue there's an Irish pub - PJ Carney's - which gives huge helpings of food,relatively cheap( steaks &amp; the Gaelic burger &amp; Buffalo burger are fantastic), generous measures of booze served in an atmosphere of the way pubs used to be like in UK years ago. Everyone is made welcome. Passing traffic can be a bit noisy but then nowhere in New York can be said to be quiet!	
Mar 11 2009 	Superb location at a great price.	The reviews have all said it before but the location really is that good if its the main sites you are after. Central park and 5th avenue 5 minutes away. Times Square and The Rock and Broadway only 10 minutes away all on foot. Subway rides to The financial district and Brooklyn bridge , Soho and Greenwich Village make them only 10 minutes away also.Not much nighlife or bars in the immediate vicinity if thats what floats your boat although PJ Carneys around the corner is a nice little bar with a nice mix of locals and tourists if you fancy a night cap before bed. (No bar in the hotel)Staff were really friendly and helpful and the breakfast is great value at $4. Cereal, fruit, pastries , juice, coffee, tea..what more could you want to start your day. Plenty of excellent deli's beside the hotel also. You will not go hungry anywhere in New York.We got a free upgrade to a suite at the back of the hotel so I didnt see the standard room but ours was very big, with a lounge, kitchenette, king bed, 2 huge flatscreens although we only slept there as there's just too much to do.If its luxury and pampering you are after go elsewhere. If its a clean comfortable base in a central location then the Salisbury is your baby.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location nice hotel all good!	Went to New York for a week with my other half and choose the Salisbury Hotel based on price and previous reviews here and glad we did. The hotel is in a great location for Central Park, 5th Avenue, Broadway with subway stations a 2 minute walk away to get to futher away places. The room was very big with large bed and LCD tv and the bathroom, although fairly small, was clean. The only downside to the room was the lack of coffee/tea making facilities and fridge/minibar but hardly the end of the world!Breakfast being open til 11am was a godsend and was very happy with the bagel/pastry/cereal/juice/coffee/tea/etc selection on offer, especially for only $4 each with a flyer put under our door every night! One thing I would change is the charging for internet in the lobby area but otherwise would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a decent budget hotel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Location Location Location	Booked this hotel for the second year in a row based on our past experience and the fact that it is coming up with large number of very positive reviews . This is not a deluxe hotel and does not pretend to be. The rooms are well equipped and large for NYC standards for the price. We had two double beds and two walk in closet. There was a large flat screen TV and the bathroom was spotless and well equipped with toiletries. All the furnishings and linens were spotless and the rooms were serviced promptly every day. We had room 1002 and had no complaints but get a room at the rear of the hotel as the rooms in the front can be a little noisy at times. The one slight problem is the elevators there are only 2 and they are very busy at peak times but this is a small problem compared to the great advantage of the location and quality of the room.The guys on the door were very helpful and the subway 2 minutes away, numerous bars restaurants and diners are on hand.We will go back - no problem	
Mar 1 2009 	Really wonderful hotel great location great staff	Brilliant little hotel, i say little its got 18 floors! Arrived afternoon to the most wonderful doorman called Al, if you meet him, he is simply fabulous. It is 2 blocks away from central park, 2 blocks from 5th Av with all the great shops. Myself and my friend (21 and 20 years old) found that walking the short amount of blocks to locations such as times sqaure, empire state building etc etc really great and not at all too far. Breakfast is not fantastic and costs $4 each morning, would definatly go down the road to rue 57. We got upgraded to a nicer room with microwave kettle etc which was great. Single beds are absoutly huge with a MASSIVE wide screen tv. Definatly go here if your looking for a nice hotel within a budget.	
Feb 28 2009 	Best hotel I've ever stayed in	I stayed at three different hotels whilst in New York and was absolutely amazed at how wonderful the Salisbury was. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The decor did not bother me at all since everything else was comfortable. I got an upgrade but even if I didn't it was still great value for money. I would definitely go back to the Salisbury and have been telling my friends that if they ever go to New York to stay there.	
Feb 22 2009 	Can't wait to go back	This hotel is great, the breakfast for $4 is very good, but only continental, if you want hot food then this is not available, however there is plenty of choice. Go before 7.30 or after 8.30 otherwise the place is packed and the dinning room is small. Room was large with microwave, coffee machine and fridge. Two double beds which were very comfortable and a TV, walk in wardrobe and plenty of storage space. The staff were very helpful and could not do enough to make our stay great. Go to statue of Liberty early, we went on first boat out and every boat after that was full, don't take any food or drink into the monument because it will be confiscated and you do not get it back, there are lockers but not many and the queues for security search took at least 15 minutes,even on a very cold morning. Same thing for Empire State, skyride ok but i would not do it again. They try to sell a 360 degree booklet at the ticket office ($8) but there is a better one in the shop for $2 more. Angelos pizza next to hotel is great value and the food good only Italian though. Only drawback the hotel has no bar but good Liquor store on 55th street near Love sign (you will know when you see it). Very handy for everywhere and will go back.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great location.	Decent hotel in a great location. The rooms need updating but are spacious and clean. The staff are helpful. The 4 dollar breakfast is good value.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great all-round 	My partner and I stayed at the Salisbury for the first week of February. We were so pleased at the centrality of the hotel - literally 10 mins from Times Sq, a short stroll to 5th Avenue and Central Park. There's also a subway at the top of the road.We were first allocated a room at the front, on the 8th floor, but it was noisy so before even unpacking we called reception who kindly gave us a room at the back - without any fuss. The room was splendid - peaceful, spacious (2 double beds and 2 walk-in wardrobes!), a flat screen tv, kitchenette area and spacious bathroom. The decor's slightly dated but in good order and the hotel really clean. So for the money you pay, it's something you can live with. Getting a spacious room in NY for such a price is an absolute rarity!The $4 breakfast suited us fine. There was a good selection of breads, bagels, pastries, donuts, cereal and fruit salad. Again for the price, it's a really good deal. If it's a cooked breakfast you're looking for then this will not please your appetite but I really don't know why so many on here complain about it. We never had to queue and the buffet was always well stocked and I definitely wouldn't want a huge American style breakfast every morning!The staff were very friendly and helpful. I'd definitely stay here again and have recommended to many!	
Feb 19 2009 	Good value great location	I stayed at the Hotel Salisbury in February 09 with my husband and teenage daughters. We booked a suite and were amazed with the amount of space we had. The only two downsides to the accommodation were the bathrooms which were looking a bit tired, particularly the showers; and the fact that the rooms were so hot which made it a bit uncomfortable at times, especially when you are putting on five layers to keep warm outside!! Apart from that, the hotel was excellent value for money and the location was fantastic - just beneath Central Park, near to a subway station, close to Bloomingdales, 5th Avenue, Times Square. We were on the 15th floor so didn't get a lot of noise from traffic but I can imagine you would if you were on a lower floor as 57th Street is a busy road. Angelo's Pizza, which was only a few doors down was really good for a relaxed meal. We had lunch at the Health Bar which was excellent. Also, there was a good Italian restaurant around the corner opposite Carnegie Hall although it was pretty expensive.If you like sweets, chocolate, candy, go to Dylans Candy Store at the back of Bloomingdales - my daughters loved it and we bought lots of gifts for friends there.I would recommend going up to the top of the Rockefeller Center - I think it was around 75 floors up - the views from there are really good and there are no queues. Also, for excellent views of southern Manhattan, take the Staten Island Ferry which is free and goes close by to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.Also, I would recommend either the Empire State Building or the Rockefeller Center at night - seeing New York lit up is magical.I would definitely stay at the Hotel Salisbury again. Last time we stayed in New York we were in a hotel just off Times Square and it was a bit manic so the area round the Salisbury is quieter.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great value for money	Very well located not far from Carnegie Hall and trump Tour.Comfortable suite with +/- 60m2. Two things to be imporved: Breakfast variety and shower hot water. But overall is a very, very, good choice. I will stay next time we will be in NY.	
Feb 13 2009	Good Value Excellent Location	My wife and I stayed here for 7 nights in January ‘09. The Salisbury is a modest older hotel on 57th Street, right across from Carnegie Hall. The location is very good – there’s a bus stop just outside the hotel entrance and subway stops that connect to most lines just a short block or two in either direction. Central Park is a short walk north, and 5th Avenue is a couple of blocks east. Because it was cold during most of our visit we wound up taking the bus and subway quite a bit – we recommend the multi-day pass, which is a very good deal. Our room was surprisingly large, with two double beds, a large dresser, a work desk and chair, a night stand between the beds, two upholstered reading chairs, and a flat-screen tv. The entry hallway had a built in closet and an alcove with a bar sink, a small refrigerator, and a coffee maker. The tiled bathroom was moderate-size with a tub/shower combination and a single sink. There was no counter space. The room was quiet and the beds were comfortable. Our only complaint was that there is no control for the steam heat system and at night we were very warm. We managed to moderate the heat somewhat by opening one of the windows during the night, but this wasn’t very effective because the drapes blocked the airflow. We wonder if there might be a related problem in the summer, because the window air conditioner (which at least had individual settings) was behind the same drapes.  For an optional $4 per person a continental buffet breakfast is available, and because it was so reasonable and convenient we did this nearly every day (a good alternative is a small restaurant just a few doors away from the hotel). The buffet was adequate – juice, cut mixed fruit, a couple of cereals, boiled eggs, pastries, coffee and milk.. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient. They quickly took care of a problem we had with our toilet, and arranged for our Super Shuttle service back to airport. The housekeeping staff were very thorough, though they start early in the morning, so if you don’t want to be disturbed you might want to put out your door sign.  All in all the Salisbury is very good value and we recommend it. It is well-located and comfortable, and despite a few minor problems we enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 13 2009	Massive Room Mini Price!!	What a bargain, we have stayed in New York twice before. our room was huge (about 4 times the size of the other Hotels we have used). We had an upgrade to a King Suite with a living room and seperate bedroom, both with a LCD flatscreen TV in the rooms.The decor of the Hotel is &quot;old fashioned&quot; and not at all like a chain Hotel but it made the place feel very homely and relaxing after a long day touring Manhatton. The furnishings were all in good order and the hotel was very clean.We booked the room through Virgin and got a complimetary free breakfast, the breakfast is great and i think it normally costs $4 which is still an absolute bargain.Centraly located Times Square, Central Park and 5th Avenue are all within 5 minutes walk.If you are thinking about booking this place do it, its great for the money!	
Feb 11 2009	The Salisbury Hotel - Excellent location and very clean	Just returned from a 6 night stay at The Salisbury Hotel. We found this little gem after reading reports on Trip Advisor. There are so many hotels to choose from we are glad we chose this one. Brilliant location, 2 minute walk to Central Park, and walking distance to most attractions. The hotel is a little dated but this only adds to the charm. The lifts were a little slow and sounded like the &quot;rubber band would snap at any moment&quot;, but it made us chuckle! The rooms were spotless. There was a large fridge, microwave and coffee maker with a small sink in the kitchenette area, tea and coffee supplied everyday. Towels and bedlinen could be changed everyday if asked. The rooms had large walk in wardrobes, with an iron and ironing board and safe (free to use). The $4 breakfast was excellent value for money. We had a fantastic time, and would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY.	
Feb 8 2009 	Nice for price but a few downsides	I just returned from a four day stay at the Salisbury. It really is at a great location. Right in the middle of things and close to the subway. As other reviewers have mentioned, the decor is out of date, but it was clean so who cares. Our room was huge! The bathroom was quite small but clean. The minimal interaction I had with the staff was pleasant. The only complaints I have are that I couldn't control the heat (it would be burning up then cold) and the incredibly hard beds. It was like sleeping on a wooden board. I ended up moving to the sofa bed. The price was great but I would consider staying elsewhere simply because I don't enjoy waking up with neck and back pain when I'm on vacation.	
Feb 3 2009 	My 30th Birthday	Good hotel in great location. Close to time square and central park and 5th avenue shopping. Two tube stops within one minute walk. Staff helpful and breakfast good value. Hotel is a little bit dated but this gives it some character at least! Our room was spacious and the bed was huge and very comfy!Overall very impressed!	
Jan 31 2009	Best Value and Location in New York	I've stayed at the Salisbury twice now and on both occassions the service and facilities were 1st class.With so many hotels to chose from in New York the Salisbury is a real gem. Located a two minute walk from Cenral Park, 2 minutes from Tiffanys and 15 minutes Time Sq its ideal for all travellers.We got married in Central Park and booked 9 rooms at the hotel directly, the staff were really helpful and well organised and will make arrangements for anything you require and managed the large number in our group without any fuss.Most hotel rooms in NY are cramped with no coffee making facilities but the Salisbury used to be apartments so in most you have a lounge and kitchen area with separate bedroom and bathroom large enough to rival most hotel suites! We had two large LCD TVs aswell as a walk in wardrobe!For anyone visiting New York for the first time or someone who has had a bad hotel experience I highly recommend the Salisbury	
Jan 29 2009 	Really impressed and HUGE rooms	I read great reviews on tripadvisor for this hotel so decided to give it a try. Anyone that has stayed in New York before will know how difficult it is to find an affordable hotel in New York - rooms are usually very small and overpriced. Hence, I was unsure what to expect.When we arrived at the reception I was a little bit disappointed - it was very dated and in need of refurbishment. It was also very busy and we had to wait quite some time to check-in, however it was just after the New York Marathon so there were large groups staying at the hotel from all over Europe.Once checked-in we took an old and slow elevator to the appropriate floor. My goodness, what a transformation! The corridors had clearly been refurbished as well as the rooms. Most impressive of all was the size of the rooms - they were HUGE by New York standards. All were very well equipped, tastefully decorated and with really comfortable beds. I was really impressed and much better than some of the 5 star hotels I have stayed in New York. There is no restaurant (although an excellent buffet breakfast room) or bar, but who needs that in this city, just step outside the front door and you have more than you could ever need!The hotel is in a fantastic location and I highly recommend it.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Hotel	We got a great deal on this hotel and then got upgraded once we got there. This place is in a great location with broadway , 5th Ave and central park within 2 mins walk. Rooms and beds massive and clean. Also at $4 per person the breakfast was the biggest bargain in New York. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great location and value	Stayed at the Salisbury for a long weekend before travelling down to DC for the inauguration. Great location, big rooms, comfortable beds and clean. Good value for money i would recommend this to absolutely anyone including lone travellers and families.	
Jan 23 2009 	Highly Recommended	It's been a while since the trip (August 2007), but we enjoyed our stay so much that I wanted to be sure to post a positive review! The location is terrific! It's within easy walking distance of 5th Avenue, Times Square, and Central Park! I enjoyed being able to throw on my running shoes in the morning and only having a few short blocks before entering the park. The room was nice, clean, and fairly large. When we stayed, they included a continental breakfast...nothing to sing songs about though: mostly doughnuts and other starchy things. Plus, there was usually quite a line. That's a minor nit though, and we recommend this hotel to anyone! It was a reasonable price in an excellent location.	
Jan 11 2009 	Fantastic	Just back from the Salisbury, stayed there from 5th - 10th Jan 09 with family and friends. The hotel is in a great location with Central Park, 5th Avenue etc all very close at hand. Rooms were spacious and very clean. Staff were all very courteous and could not have been more helpful. Continental breakfast for 4 US $ was brilliant. Great selection and plenty available. Will definitely stay there again and would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Jan 7 2009 	NY Holiday	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Salisbury from 12/29/08 thru 1/04/09. We would stay there again. We were on the 15th floor in the NWC of the building so we were not affected by 57th Street noise. Our room was approximately 350 SF in size. While this is an older hotel, we found our room to be clean and spacious. The bed mattresses are hard, as indicated in other reviews, but they were not a problem for us. Also, as indicated in other reviews, the 2 elevators with capacities of 10 persons/elevator are probably inadequate for the number of hotel guests. However, we usually had the continental breakfast at the hotel before 9 a.m. so we had no problems, as indicated in other reviews, with the elevator service. Breakfast at the hotel is reasonably priced and allows you to maximize sight seeing time. The Angelo's restaurant serves good pizza and is in close proximity to the Salisbury. Close proximity to subway stops, Central Park, and the Theater District are assets of the Salisbury. We also recommend the Red Eye Grill on 7th near 56th. We look forward to staying at the Salisbury whenever we travel to NY again. Norman A.-Texas	
Jan 6 2009	Great hotel!!!	We stayed at the Salisbury right after New Years and loved it. I was a little unsure because of the mixed reviews, but it was great. The hotel is 100 years old and the rooms are very big. They have walk-in closets and good-sized bathrooms. All the of the staff was great and housekeeping responded very quickly to our requests for extra towels. Wonderful location: right across the street from Carnegie Hall and the Russian Tea Room. There is a subway stop at the end of the block and you are only one or two stops from Times Square. Also within walking distance of Central Park. We didn't try the $4 breakfast because we heard it was all pastries, but there are plenty of restaurants close by and a Starbucks right across the street.The only bad things were slow elevators and the fact that the shower curtain sticks to you because the rod is inside the shower. But these are minor things. Some reviews have said that the rooms are overheated. This is true, but easily remedied by adjusting the fan in the room. We were warm for the first 3 minutes, but very comfortable for the rest of our stay. I would highly recommend the Salisbury and will definitely stay there on my next visit to New York.	
Jan 5 2009 	Excellent Location and Good Value	The Salisbury was certainly not the best hotel we've tried, but I would still recommend it for families seeking a convenient location and good value.We stayed a full week for New Year's, which means room rates were significantly higher than normal, but only half the cost of a room nearer Times Square. On New Year's Eve, with the city experiencing record low temperatures, we were thrilled by our hotel choice because after watching the Times Square festivities on TV in the comfortable warmth of our hotel room with our kids (13 and 9), we were able to step outside a few minutes before midnight, join the deliriously excited crowd just half a block from the hotel, and watch the ball drop in Times Square. Behind us, fireworks were exploding over Central Park. Fantastic!!During this vacation, we enjoyed an opera at the Met, Jazz at Lincoln Center, a couple of Broadway shows, ice skating in Central Park, and Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral. All of these were within easy walking distance of the Salisbury Hotel. And for our jaunts to Greenwich Village Soho, Chinatown and Brooklyn, the subway stops were only half a block away. I give the location an A+.Our room was large enough to fit a roll-away bed (after we pushed the two double beds over a couple of feet). The walk-in closet was nice, and along with the large dresser we had more than enough space for clothing and luggage for a family of four.The staff were friendly and helpful. There is a great pizza place (Alfonso's) and a nice cafe (Green's) practically next door.A few downsides:- The roll-away bed cost an extra $25 per night. (Maybe it's cheaper during non-holiday weeks.)- The elevators were very slow to arrive in the mornings. Fortunately, we were on the 6th floor so it was an easy matter to use the stairs. Breakfast was on the 3rd floor -- an easy descent.- There were two PCs in the lobby, but there was a fee to use the Internet. Annoying when this service is free in so many other hotels.- The shower rod was mounted so far inside the bathtub that the shower curtain hung right in our faces. Also annoying, when so many other hotels have curved shower rods.- The breakfast was boring -- mostly dry bagels and donuts and weak coffee. Granted, it was only $4 per person, but my younger child doesn't eat much, and we all preferred choosing from the fresher breakfast items at Green's, which didn't cost much more.All in all, if you're not planning to spend much time in your room, I would recommend the Salisbury for its convenient location and pretty good price for relatively large rooms.	
Jan 3 2009 	Hotel de Broken Promises	After our first trip to NYC in April 2008, my friends and I quickly booked a second trip for June 2009 during which I would celebrate my birthday.We gave our trip some thought and opted to stay at the Salisbury because of both its location and amenities, though value played a huge part also.With the trip booked for more than three months, we looked forward to revisiting this wonderful city... until last week, that is. We received a letter from the Salisbury informing us that they would be unable to provide us with one of the four rooms we had booked. Distraught and desperate for information, we called our travel agent who duly contacted the Salisbury regarding their succinct, unhelpful letter.Our travel agent was informed that the hotel had taken further bookings itself and, as it would not have to pay a commission to a tour operator/travel agent, would be making more money from said bookings. In order to accommodate their own bookings (no pun intended), the hotel reneged on bookings taken from travel agents (ours included) and sent the aforementioned letters to a number of unfortunate travellers.Given the option to cancel our holiday completely or find alternative accommodation – an unenviable task with less than six months to go in one of the most visited cities on the planet. Luckily for us, our travel agent managed to secure us four rooms in the nearby Wellington Hotel and compensate us by paying the difference in price to book the new rooms.So, kudos to our very helpful, trip-saving travel agent; unfortunately, the same can’t be said about the disappointing Salisbury Hotel. Boo hiss, indeed.	
Jan 3 2009 	New York Salisbury for me	We stayed at the Salisbury from december 26th till 1st january 2009.I read a lot about the Salisbury beeing outdated etc well for me it is perfect.You only sleep there and watch tv.Restaurants and cafes enough to choose from in NYC.I do not need a fitness either walking around in NY is excercise enough.The 2 bedroom suite we had was HUGE ?spotless.There is delivery to the hotel from chinese regency which we found it was not that great.The green cafe was perfect also the burrito box.Shelley's is in the neighbourhood.Across the street there is Starbuckks.A Duane Reade on the corner.They sell phone and metro cards.It is true some front desk people would be much prettier with a smile on their face.I will recommend it and stay their over and over again.When you enroll in their club you get nights for free.(I got 2 and was very happy with it ,it ment more money to shop and giong out to eat)Thank you Salisbury	
Dec 30 2008	Great location but with downsides	This Hotel is in an excellent location on West 57th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues being two blocks south of Central Park, a block and a half west of the major 5th Avenue shops and a short walk from the upper part of Broadway. The 57th Street subway station is also within half a block of the Hotel enabling easy access to other parts of the City. It is also within easy strolling distance of a large number of restaurants and eateries. (We recommend Cafe Europa on the cnr W57th and 7th Ave and Kennedy's Irish Pub/Restaurant in W57th).We were given a one bedroom &quot;suite&quot; on the sixth floor facing 57th Street which had two Queen beds in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The room was clean but very dated with one bathroom and a &quot;kitchenette&quot; consisting of sink, mini fridge and micro wave. We found our room to be incredibly noisy from both the street activity ( which one should probably expect to a degree in NY) but also from other guests in the floor above ours. The lifts are very slow and seemed insufficient to service the number of people staying at the Hotel. Consequently we like many other guests just resorted to using the stairs.A continental breakfast is available for $4 per head every morning on the third floor and whilst the food is plentiful and has a broad range the number of seats available was similarly insufficient to cater for the guests seeking a table every morning. It was either wait in line until a table became available or grab some food/drink and take it back to your room to consume.The Hotel was for us a place to put your head down at night after a day out enjoying all NY has to offer visitors. It was good value dollar wise for our family of five but there are probably other hotels in the vicinity that provide the same excellent location but have better facilities.	
Dec 26 2008 	Fab stay at the Salisbury	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Sailisbury in November and we had the most amazing experience. The Sailisbury was perfect for us. Our room was huge with a lovely comfy bed! There was a huge TV and a radio,we also had a coffee maker, fridge and microwave. The location was brilliant! So close to central park, times square and 5th Avenue. I would recommend going to the Empire State on a weekday as we originally went on a sunday and there was a two hour queue, we went back on the tuesday and there was no queue atall!!!!We had the most amazing time at the basketball, I would recommend it to anyone. If you are wanting to go to New York and stay in a clean central hotel, stay at the Salisbury, you will not be dissapointed!!!	
Dec 22 2008 	Great location	The Salisbury is unusual for a New York hotels in that it features large rooms - ours was frankly huge, as was the bathroom. Clearly it's been a while since it's been updated but if you'd rather spend your cash when you're out and about in NYC than on your room, you can't beat The Salisbury. The location is fantastic, very close to the park, walking distance to some fantastic restaurants and the theater district. If you're looking for a hotel with a bar scene and room service, this is not the place for you! and if you pay for the $4 breakfast, you'll understand why it costs $4 when you get there - it's basic but does the trick. So all in all, I'd definitely stay again but not if I was looking to spoil myself.	
Dec 21 2008 	Love the Hotel and great location!!!	I stayed here with my mom for 4 nights and it was perfect!!!This hotel has everything you need.First when we arrived in the lobby it wasn't big but it was nice and the people where really polite and helpful.Then when we arrived to the room we where really impressed by the room size it was really big with to beds and big plasma.The hotel is near everything like time square just 8 blocks, central park 2 blocks, 5 avenue 2 blocks and the subway was 1 block from the hotel and from there you can go to macy's or the empire state building in less than a second.The breakfast is really good just for 4 dollars you have bagels, donuts, juices, salad fruits, bread and a lot more.I personally recommend this hotel to anyone.Via hotels.com we got a rate of 143$ a night!!!	
Dec 16 2008 	Great central hotel	The Salisbury is a great basic hotel. Very clean, staff all very friendly &amp; best of all it is central to all the shops and sights. Times Square is a 10 minute walk, Tiffany is over the road, Central Park is 2 minutes round the corner so it is so easy to get anywhere. There was 9 of us that stayed there and everyone of us thought it was excellent and great value for money. The only thing missing was its own bar which would have been a handy meeting point for us but there is some lovely deli's nearby and a very nice pizza resturant next door. The room's are huge, loads of room to hoard all your cheap shopping. This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and I will definately stay there next time.	
Dec 15 2008 	Nice for the Price	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Salisbury Hotel. Hotel is in a great location..easy walking distance to shopping, Restaurants, and Broadway. Hotel was clean but like everyone says a bit outdated. There is a small restaurant two doors down &quot;Green's Cafe&quot; good for breakfast. Good hotel for the price.	
Dec 15 2008 	Old but good location	Our family of four stayed in this hotel for family trip to NYC. The location was very good - we were able to take a reasonable walk to most places - it is on the same block as Carnegie Hall. The hotel is very old, although there is newer furniture in the rooms, the hotel is showing it's age. The rooms are spacious, although for the 4 of us, 2 double beds were difficult. The bathroom is very small, but the 2 closets left plenty of room for storing suitcases. Other benefits include a microwave and mini-fridge. There is a light continental breakfast offered for $4 per person. It was located in a small banquet room and there was always plenty of space and no lines. It was cheaper than what you could get a bagel for in a coffee shop. Definitely ask for a room that doesn't face the street - we had no noise problems whatsoever. When we first arrived we were put into a room that had been freshly painted and the smell was overwhelming. Within 5 minutes of calling the front desk they sent someone up to help us move our luggage to a comparable room. Front desk staff and housekeeping were not so friendly, but we didn't need their services often.	
Dec 12 2008 	Don't be fooled by the rating!!!!!	My family traveled to New York City in December 2007, to celebrate my daughter's Sweet Sixteen. Our party, which included a number of extended family members covering three generations, agreed upon the Salisbury based on the price and location. Upon arrival, we were pleased with the overall asthetics of the lobby and reception area. However, our pleasure was short lived. The deficiencies are too numerous to list but suffice it to say that between the moldy ceilings and rock hard (and I do mean ROCK HARD) mattresses in our suites, our party unanimously agreed to change venues. The hotel staff was very understanding and agreed to only charge us for the 1 night we stayed there rather than the 5 days we booked.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Hotel	Fantastic hotel and great value. Only joined Trip Advisor now so thought I'd leave a review for this hotel. Free breakfast while we were there was an added bonus even with the bargain we got this hotel for. It is an oolder building but spolessly clean and the room was huge. Would definitely return.	
Dec 7 2008 	would and probably will stay again	This is an excellent hotel. Very clean, excellent room, excellent staff, excellent breakfast, perfect location.	
Dec 5 2008 	Older hotel in good location	The Salisbury Hotel is a no-frills hotel, an older building that shows its age. We chose this hotel because the rate was half or less than other hotels in the city, which, in my opinion, are getting entirely out of hand. First, the pros: A great location, just a few blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller center, and 2 blocks from Central Park, and Carnegie Hall is right across the street. Rooms are larger than many in NYC, and are reasonably comfortable, although the beds are a little on the firm side. If you have a choice, request a room on the back side of the hotel, as the street side rooms are not well sound insulated and can be a bit noisy. The closet was huge by hotel standards, and the room had a wide screen, flat TV that was an unexpected plus. They offer a continental breakfast for $4 per person, a big asst. of bread and pastry items and a couple cereal choices, a couple fruit choices would have been nice. CONS: We were there in Dec., the room was kept way too warm, with no thermostat available to regulate temp. We had to use the AC to compensate and make the room a comfortable sleeping temp. They also need to update the showers with lower flow shower heads, as the pressure was almost unbearable and the drain could not keep up with the flow, we almost flooded the bathroom! Overall, the stay was acceptable for the price we paid for the room.	
Dec 4 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	Fantastic Hotel We stayed there (4 women) for a week at the end of November. The location of the hotel is great. Subway is at the end of the block. Central Park is just minutes away. Times Square is only about 10 minutes stroll. The staff, all of them were very friendly &amp; couldn’t do enough to help you. We didn’t have enough towels in the room, called down to reception &amp; they were delivered to the room within 5 minutes. The suites are huge, with more than enough room for 4 adults without feeling you were falling over each other.The décor is a little dated, especially the bathroom but it is spotlessly clean. The lifts are a little slow but you can take the stairs on the way down. Will stay here again and recommend to anyone.	
Dec 2 2008 	not so great	I booked 2 suites at the hotel for myself 3 grandchildren and my daughter. On arrival we were given only 1, this was rectified and my daughter and grand daughter were given their suite on the same floor as originally booked. At 2.30 am my daughter was awakened by something crawling over her face! Waking her daughter they moved the beds to find bugs crawling up the wall and others on tne floor. She caught some in a glass and took them to reception. She then had to pack their cases and move to another floor. Needless to say neither of them got any sleep that night. I moved them into my suite the next day,there was plenty of room. People in the room next to ours said they had found a few roaches &quot;big enough to put boots on &quot;. Our stay was not a happy one,the reception staff were quite rude and not helpful at all(it took over 2 hours to get fresh towels.Other staff were really great especially the doormen.I did receive a refund for the suite we didnt use but was charged extra for people in my suite!.Good location, bad service and bugs. Church owned hotel I was told (there is a church onthe 5th floor) not full of the milk of human kindness though!	
Nov 28 2008 	Would go back in a flash.	Wow...Salisbury was perfect for us. Our room had a kitchenette, and 2 beds and still had plenty of room. The location of the Salisbury was great, only 2 blocks from central park and very close to the subway. The staff were great, the continental breakfasts were cheap and very good. Everything was great, expect when you are showering listen carefully for other rooms flushing their toilet, as soon as you hear it get out of the water - it goes soo hot - scolding hot!! We got caught out a few times and came out rather pink... Oh and the lifts - they are little slow in the mornings... by a little i mean alot! :POver all great room, service and location.	
Nov 24 2008 	Recommend to anyone - Brilliant	Me and my partner booked a trip to NY for my 30th birthday and our surprised engagement.We booked 5 nights at the Salisbury hotel in NY based on reviews from Trip Advisor, and price per night compared to others in the area, now having been there myself i would recommend this hotel to anyone. We paid £148 per night and the rooms were better than expected, we had two large beds, flat screen TV, two walk in cupboards worth of space, free safe in the room, coffee and tea making facilities, a microwave, fridge, ironging board, basically everything you could possible need!!!Our rooms were made and fresh cups glasses every day.I had seen previous comments on having to wait for the lift for lengthy times, but for the 6 days that we were there this was not a problem that we experienced, and we were on the 17th floor, so the lift was a must!!!There was more noise outside of a night than what we are normally use to living at home, but we were so tired from all of the walking around NY, and the bed were so comfortable i have to say that both me or my partner didn't have any problems in sleeping, we struggled to keep our eyes open, and one night we were in bed at 9pm fully exhausted!!!We had the bargin of a breakfast which was $4 a head the first morning, there were muffins, doughnuts, boiled eggs, toast soft cheese, cereal, fruit salad, fruit juice tea, coffee etc available, which for $4 we thought was a fantastic!!We did go out for breakfast on recommendation of one of the tour guides for an 'all you can eat buffet breakfast' which personally i hated, it was not my cup of tea, and this was $7.99 and then you paid extra for drinks! and the food was, well if i had of just stuck to the fruit i would of thought better, but that could just be my personal taste.I am allergic to eggs, and one thing we noticed was all their breakfasts are with egg, so on one other morning we went to a restaurant for breakfast, and i ordered something off the menu, but asked if they could not put egg on my plate, i was told that it would cost different, and i said ok no problem, what i didn't expect was a plate of sausages (3 sausages), plate of bacon (rather well done portion of scratchings i would say)and plate of mushrooms which cost me nearly $15 - that was nearly £10 for a breakfast!!!! All because i did not want egg!!!For the remaining part of the holiday we went back to having our breakfasts back at the hotel, as we didn't see anywhere / one who gave such a great breakfast for the money - superb value!!!As previous people have advised the decor at the hotel is a bit out of date, but this really doesn't matter, you are hardly there, and when you are there, you are sleeping so this is just a small point to make, the hotel staff were really helpful and couldn't do enough during our stay and more importantly it was extremely clean - brilliant, if i was to go to NY again, i would definately come back to the Salisbury!!!	
Nov 23 2008 	ideal place	The Salisbury is ideally situated for the New York expereince. The rooms have everything you need and are very clean. We experienced the breakfast once but wanted to have pancakes etc so had to go beyond the hotel after that. Yes its noisy at night and you don't sleep too well but , you are in the city that never sleeps so you cannot expect anything different.Staff friendly.Would definetly stay there again and would recommend it.	
Nov 20 2008 	Convenient location and good value	My wife and I brought our kids for their first NYC trip a few weeks ago, and chose the Salisbury for the location and value. We booked a suite (two rooms), and had plenty of space (including more closet space than anyone could ever dream of using). It was convenient to the subway, so just about all of Manhattan was within our reach. It was also 2 blocks south of Central Park ,and the kids loved that. My only complaint has to do with the slow elevators...in the morning when they were having their breakfast buffet on the third floor, it wasn't unusual to wait for several minutes for one of the two elevators. Although not soundproof, the rooms were very quiet. I'd stay here again and also recommend it to my friends.	
Nov 19 2008 	great hotel great location great value	Stayed at the Salisbury for three nights at the end of a long road trip across the USA. I usually stay at the Milford Plaza, but booked with freinds into Salisbury. Same 'star' rating, but a better quality of stay here. The 'suite' was very large and clean. Stayed on the 12th floor, facing 57th. As has been previously stated, you can here traffic noise, but it's New York, you should expect that. I used the sofa bed which was very comfortable. Very large living area (for New York City) and flat screen large TV. Also kitchen area with microwave, fridge, coffee maker etc. Bedroom was large with two double beds. The bathroom (although clean) was slightly dated, and small. No problems with shower pressure and hot water. Ideal location, within minutes of Central Park and Times Square. Also walked down to Madison Square Garden for hockey and basketball. There is a subway within yards of front entrance. $45 taxi to JFK. Great stay, and maybe tempted to use this hotel in future on visits to NYC. Highly recommended.	
Nov 17 2008 	good hotel-two essential tips	good value for NYC-big, clean rooms. Decor a bit dated but considering noone goes to NYC to spend time in their hotel room it shouldn't put you off. Staff were friendly and helpful. Brilliant location as stated by previous reviews, walking distance (very easily) to central park, shopping on 5th avenue and times square also very near subway station for travelling further afield.Tips if you stay here:1&gt; a much earler review stated this but incase you haven't read back. Request a room at the back of the building as the 2nd last review states 57th st is busy and there are sirens night and day in NYC. We asked for a room at the back after reading the advice on tripadvisor and we had no problem with noise in our room at the back of the building.2&gt; It's worth knowing there;s a cute cafe called greens cafe a couple of buildings down from salisbury (towards 6th avenue) that does good, and cheap breakfast food including pancakes and french toaast as well as muffuns+bagels.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Stay at the Salisbury	We just returned from a long weekend at the Salisbury. There were seven of us total, two adults and five teens. We booked the one bedroom suite which was huge. The bedroom had two full beds and the living room had a sleeper sofa. We rented two roll away beds for $25 each per night so the boys could have their own beds. Even with the rollaways and the sleeper sofa open there was still room with a small kitchen table with two chairs and other chairs and a desk. Each room had a large flat panel TV. There was a small refrigerator, microwave and sink in the kitchen area. I would bring some plastic utensils and plates if you plan on eating anything in the room. We did the breakfast for $4.00 each which had bagels, donuts, muffins, fruit and cereal. Just enough to get us going in the morning. The location was great. Down the block was the subway which we used quite a bit. Go to NYC MTA subway trip planner and enter your starting point and ending point and it will plan out your trains to take on the subway. Central Park was a block away and Broadway was down the street and Times square was about 15 blocks down but that is the center of Times Square so there is a lot to see before the 15 blocks. The hotel was great, clean but older. We were able to check in at 10:00 am on Friday which was great and checked out at noon on Sunday. I would highly recommend this hotel for the location and large rooms. The only drawback was the one bathroom for seven people but we managed with out too much fuss.	
Nov 16 2008 	Fine hotel	This is a very good hotel. We stayed for a week in November 2008 and we are over all very pleased with the hotel. The location in Upper Midtown is excellent. The service is correct and friendly. The rooms are clean and spacious. The price was reasonable. The only problem we recognized was the sound from the street. New York never sleeps and 57:th street is a main street with lots of traffic every hour. The sound insulation in the windows is poor and sound from police vehicles and others are leaking into the rooms.	
Nov 15 2008 	5th november 2008	Hi, just got back from NYC last week, wish I was still there !!!!!!!!!!! When we checked in and got to the room, it was spacious with 2 double beds, 2 walk-in wardrobes, a massive flatscreen t.v. OH and get this a FREE SAFE !!!!. The room was clean with a fridge, microwave and a coffee machine but we didn't use them. The hotel was in a great location, and was in walking distance to Central Park, Radio City, Times Square, Macy's, Empire State Building and we even walked it to Madison Square Gardens, which was a good half hour walk. On our last day I asked reception to book us a taxi to the airport, and what a good end to a fantastic holiday because a limo turned up to take us to the airport x. Would deffo stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 15 2008 	Salisbury is wonderful!	My husband and I stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in Sept. The hotel was very clean and very nice. By the time we got back to the room everyday is was cleaned. The hotel is within walking distance to alot of things!! Overall, we had a wonderful stay!	
Nov 8 2008 	The Salisbury has NYC Charm!!	We were a group of four couples, visiting NYC to celebrate the 50th Birthday Milestone! The Salisbury was conveniently and centrally located to so many big tourist attractions in New York. We also enjoyed the pizza restaurant right next door. Walked a lot in &quot;The City That Doesn't Sleep&quot;, but each night after going, going, and seeing all day, the Salisbury's comfort and charm was a welcome sight. We did catch a few winks, and enjoyed the Continental breakfast for $4.00 daily. Highly recommended for those seeking long weekend getaways. Had a great time in NYC! Thanks for the memories!!	
Nov 6 2008	lovely hotel	Salisbury Hotel 57th st New York 31 october 2008 Just returned from a fantastic week in New York with my daughters, we stayed in the Salisbury Hotel which is in a great location with loads of room for 5 women plus shopping ! Very comfortable beds plus 3 walk in wardrobes Lovely cosy old style hotel  Will stay there again next year !	
Nov 2 2008 	great location	great location, although noisy. nice area very close to central park. nice to take a morning stroll in. great breakfast. staff ok. bad lift. room large clean,big bathroom. fridge coffee maker etc. great value for money	
Nov 2 2008 	Great all rounder	Just got back from Salisbury at NYC .Had previously used the Beacon on West side but recent price hike on refurb put it too high.As a family hotel Salisbury hits all the marks,Great rooms lots of space clean and good friendly staff.Sure the room style is a little old and the bathrooms have a wonderful nescaf coffee theme but what matters is the house staff clean well..As others have said the breakfast is well worth $4 dollars although get before 8am to avoid waiting for a table.lifts get busy so you can wait...Only minus is beware of the SUV services to airports,Concierge staff and drivers appear to have a little back scratching set up and cost seems high..	
Nov 2 2008 	Well situated atypically spacious (for NY) dated but good	As a place to stay when you're exploring New York, The Salisbury is excellent value (by NY standards) but it is not for those seeking the finer aspects of hotel luxury.It's well situated, close to Central Park, 5th Avenue and couple of Metro stops and, whilst decoratively tired the rooms are spacious, clean and equipped with a good TV, fridge and microwave. The hotel has no bar or restaurant although it has arrangements for delivery with several nearby restaurant if you are seeking in-room dining.For fans of the 70's the bathrooms are a must with brown ceramic floor and wall tiles and fixtures to match! Clean and functional with good water pressure for showering.If I return to NY, I would seriously consider staying again.	
Nov 1 2008 	Good place to stay in NYC	Just returned from 3 night stay in the Salisbury but didn't find noise a problem as we were at the back on the 17th floor!Facilities in the room were a suprise as we had microwave, fridge and coffee maker (also a free safe). Understand what people are saying about tired furniture, bathroom OK but could do with a little modernising. Lifts are a problem at breakfast time but patience is a virtue! $4 breakfast is very good value with all you can eat, queueing at peak time (between 08-30 and 10-00) but you are allowed to take the food away if you want to eat in your room. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Excellent location, turn left and the subway is 200 yards away, Carnegie Hall the other way and Times Square a steady walk.Would recommend it as good value for (New York) money.	
Nov 1 2008 	Loved the Salisbury	Just returned from a 5 night stay here in 1 bedroom suite. There were 4 of us and we all plan to return. It is noisy overlooking 57th street and i am a light sleeper however so tired from all daily sightseeing it was not a problem for any of us. All staff we came into contact with were extremely polite and helpful. On our last day in pouring rain the bell boy stood outside with our luggage to hail us a taxi. The rooms were very spacious clean and tidy with 2 flat screen televisions ( which wern't actually used much) and ample cupboard space to hide our suitcases and shopping bags. The location is excellent with Central Park, Times Square 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Centre all within easy walking distance. I agree with a previous review that if the decor was bang up to date this hotel would be charging a lot more than it is. Personally I hope they don't change a thing as we probably would not be able to afford to stay here then.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fab return stay	Second time in the Salisbury this year and had a great time. First trip was girlie in April and this time went with partner. Signed up for the frequent stay card before this trip and was upgraded to a suite which was a great bonus as we were exhausted in the evenings so nice not to have to perch on a bed.Yes the furnishings are tired but this is outweighed by the friendly staff, cleanliness, size of rooms and location.Looking forward to returning (not this year!) and have recommended the hotel to others	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Stay at Salsibury	Just back from 5 nights staying in a one bed suite at the Salisbury. Overall very pleased with our choice which was based on reviews on TA. The room was lovely - was expecting it to be a bit tired based on what I had read but was large, well furnished and very clean. The rooms were a bit dark but there were plenty of lamps and once these were on it was fine. There were three huge closets so it was easy to store everything out of the way.We had requested a room with two double beds but ended up with a king and a sofa bed. The bed was very comfortable and the sofa bed was fine for the kids. Others have commented about the noise - we were surprised how little noise there was. Our room wasn't facing out onto 57th though. We thought the hotel was in a great location, close to everything. We walked most places or got cabs which were relatively cheap. All of the staff we encountered were helpful and polite. Didn't sample the breakfast - too many other great places to try!Would definitely stay at the Salisbury again!	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location	The Salisbury Hotel whilst situated on a very busy road is superbly located with a short 10 minute walk to Times Square and Broadway. Central park is closer. The hotel is clean and friendly and offers a good value continental breakfast buffet for $4. Be aware though that 57th Street is noisy day and night, this was not too much of a problem as we fell into bed exhausted each night. I would recommend this hotel for both single travellers and families and will definately use it again when we go back.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good mid-range hotel.	Having read the reviews of the Salisbury we were prepared to get exactly what we got:*good location*very helpful staff*good lobby service*neat corridors that needed more light*rooms that were very clean, but which needed a re-furbBeds high and hard, but jet-lag was the only thing that stopped us sleeping.Plenty of storage space, and the fridge was very useful (for us).The breakfast arrangements were OK if 'continental' is your bag. A wait to be seated at peak time, but staff who were on the ball.Lifts took not much longer to arrive than they do at the Westin Times Square (where we have stayed before), so no complaints there.All in all; functional, not flash, comfortable, and where it needs to be. Would we go back? Yes, but we'd book direct rather than with an agent in order to get the best rate.Location gets this a four, otherwise a three.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good location but noisy	If you need a hotel on a central location near to Fifth Av. and close to the Theatre district this is an excellent choice. However this hotel also has some problems. We had a family room which sleeps four in one room in 2 very small double beds. Try to avoid the rooms on the streetside because they are extremely noisy. Breakfast is said to be continental, but in no way it resembles a continental breakfast. Breakfast is full of &quot;sweet&quot; items and no pressed juices. Would i recommend it?..... only if you are guaranteed a room away from the noice.	
Oct 23 2008 	A Terrific Stay at the Salisbury	We just spent four nights at the Salisbury. Yes, the corridors look a bit run down, and the furniture is dowdy, but I'll never stay anywhere else on future trips to NYC. Why? A great price for a huge, very clean one bedroom suite that fit a family of three perfectly.Three walk-in closets and two wide-screen TV's.A delicious continental breakfast for $4.Two blocks from Central Park, close to Time Square and theaters, 1/2 block to the subway.A friendly and helpful staff.One caveat:If street noise bothers you at night, bring earplugs, as 57th Street is bustling at all hours. Less of a problem if your room is not on the street.	
Oct 15 2008 	I Love NYC!!!!	This was the first time myself and partner had visited the city of New York and we were quite excited about going. We stayed at the Salisbury hotel and on first impressions we thought it was a great place to be. the staff were so helpful, really you could ask them anything and they would help as much as they could. the location of the hotel is perfect just one block from central park, next to 5th Avenue and the subway. you can get to all of the major attractions from the Salisbury by subway, we were a little nervous to use the NY subway but it is so easy just make sure you know whether you want to go north or south we usually used the yellow line N,W, andQ trains these went the whole way south. we found to get the ferry to the statue of liberty you can get the yellow train to Whitehall, turn right and you follow signs to the ferry ,these are quite small so keep an eye out. plus buy tickets online and print off before you get there,go first thing in the morning when it is quieter we did this and avoided all the lines.From the hotel you can walk down in the evening from 57th on broadway through Times Square and then to the Empire state we did this and loved it. We did The Rock by day which was amazing too so if you get a chance to do rockerfella and the empire go its well worth it. you can get your Empire State building tickets in advance well recommended and get the express if you are going in the day, we bought these and went at night and it was quiet, but just incase always buy the express tickets. the Hotel rooms are a little tired but are very clean and tidy, you have to get used to the noise of NYC too it is a very noisy place and you can hear street noise through the windows but this is a minor negative, the salibury is an ideal hotel to use as a base location (maybe not for honeymooners) and is very reasonable for its location, we were out walking most of the day and night so we were not in the room for very long except for sleeping. take some good walking shoes/trainers too you will get aching feet from all the walking.All i can say is go out and walk around it is the only way to see the city. We went to the West village which has loads of boutiques and great shops,head towards Blecker St and wander around this area, it is a hidden jem. At night go to the little Italy very cute but for a great italian La Focaccia on 51 Bank St on 4th, but book the day before. great area and good food. YOu must visit the Meat packing district it is a truley amazing experience by day it is a meat packing district but by night you will not think its the same plce it is the most elite place to go drinking, we avoided all the posh bars and went to Brass Monkey in which is in the same area and is very good with great music, but you will see rooftop clubs and all the celebs go there the atmosphere is amazing so itis a geat place to walk around.IF you cannot tell I fell in love with NYC and I am already planning my next trip and the Salibury is where to be!!	
Oct 11 2008 	great location good hotel	not the best hotel but a magnificent location.the hotel is old fashioned but alwys clen and in general good conditions...i ' ll stay there again!	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Price for a Great Location	Friends and I came to New York from Chicago for a little shopping and to see the Yankees vs. Red Sox game. We had a blast and the hotel was located conveniently to everywhere we wanted to go. We will definitely be staying again since the price and location were so good. There were three of us and there was plenty of room since we got the 800 square foot suite with 2 double beds and a pull out. There werent plenty of closets (one for each of us) and the bathroom was clean. We also loved the fact that there was a continential breakfast everyday on the 3rd floor for a low cost! Another great deal for New York!The only downside that we had were the following:The shower was a bit dark. It could have used more light and that the elevators. The elevators were a bit small and there were times that we would have to wait for 3-4 elevators to pass us before we could get on. We completely understood since this was an old building. There were stairs so everything worked out great.Be sure to stay here. Well worth the money!	
Sep 27 2008 	Couldn't have asked for better	Location, Location, Location.Stayed 7 nights from 4th September. Great staff, helpful and friendly. Rooms a little old, but plenty of space to spread out. Had a double on 10th floor facing the street. A little noisy as expected, but what big city isn't. The hum of the air-conditioner drowned out most street noises at night.Beds a bit hard, but new.Didn't try the breakfast.Subways at each end of the block.2 blocks to Central Park.Places to eat all around.Definitely going back there.	
Sep 27 2008 	Central clean hotel	Stayed 6 nights at the Salisbury - first trip to NYC. Great location, large rooms and really clean - housekeeping did a great job. Were on the 9th floor. Only negatives were street noise seeping in from the seal around the airconditioning and slow lifts. Breakfast good value only $5 for continental breakfast. Ideal location for central park, 5th avenue, times square, sightseeing buses. Really recommended for mid priced hotel in NYC.	
Sep 14 2008 	Stay there!	The going rate on any (reasonable) NYC hotel room is around $250. And that is what we paid for via hotels.com. After staying in the Pennsylvania and the New Yorker for the same price, this was far better!When you enter your room, you have the NYC-appartment feeling: a kitchenette (microwave, coffeemaker, fridge), a spacious living room (huge LCD!), separate bedroom (another LCD) and a bathroom (clean, good hot water). All that for $250 at such a location.As stated in other reviews, the walls could use some paint here and there (so does my appartment at home!), but it is clean. The carpet is clean and not stained, the room is fresh.We contacted the hotel via e-mail, asking for a room in the rear of the hotel. Within 48 hrs frontdesk replied, to state that they will do their best. And they delivered: room 1118 was ours, and it exceeded our expectations. Clean, spacious, comfortable. And the location (with 2 major subwaystations within one block, and Central Park right behind you) is perfect.	
Sep 11 2008 	Nice NYC Hotel near Central Park	Stayed at the Salisbury for two nights in Sept during our stay in New York City. We booked via Expedia so got a pretty good deal. Check in was nice and easy. Our room was on the 10th floor, as we got out of the elevator we saw we were right next to the elevator and were like nooooo, it's going to be so noisy, but we needn't had worried as we didn't hear a thing. Thank goodness!Our room was lovely, two big double beds, little kitchen area with sink and fridge. Nice big wardrobe with an iron and board to use. Bathroom was fine, bath with shower over, which was not very powerful, but did the job. Room was spotlessly clean and had no real issues.On the second night, we were just about to crash into bed and we noticed water running out of the ceiling light fitting in the bathroom, we were like errrr water &amp; electricity, that can't be good! So we phoned reception and within 10 mins someone was up, they had been to the room above us and they had had a shower, but didn't put the shower curtain inside the bad tub, so they had managed to flood the bathroom, and some of the water found its way to us. So no real problem, but nice for them to act so quickly. But then with it being water and electricity , Isuppose they had to check it out quickly!So previous reviews stated the elevators were really slow, we never experienced any problems at all, sure they weren't the quickest, but we never waited more than a minute or so... are people really in that much of a hurry on holiday..? We only ate breakfast there once, and only because it suited us on our check out day. Cost was $4 per person and it was all you can eat. It included cereals, croissants, pastries, toast, fruit, juice, tea and coffee. It was nice enough, but we preferred to eat out for breakfast as there are some lovely cafe's in Manhattan. We paid for breakfast at reception, upon check out. The location was great, right up by Central Park and lots of restaurants near by. We would not hesitate in stopping there again.If anyone has any questions, please do not hesitate to ask... : )	
Sep 11 2008	recommend the salisbury	My daughter and I stayed at the Salisbury Hotel for 1 week and although we booked a double room, we asked if we could have a bigger room, this was given to us right away. The doorman is amazing! he had a whistle around his neck to hail cabs for us. Every time (a lot of times) we asked for directions around New York he had the answer. Breakfast was included for us, and consisted of a variety of cereals, eggs, muffins, tea and coffee. The queues can build up by 8.00p.m. but you do not have to wait long. The beds were clean and the mattress was firm (which I like). We chose a back room because there is less noise from traffic. We had a flat screen television, alarm clock/radio, a fridge, sink, coffee maker and a adequate bathroom. You do have to adjust the water temperature, but when you get this right there is no problems. The air conditioning is noisy but we only needed it on while we were getting ready to go out in the morning. The hotel is central for everything - 2 blocks from Central Park and 15 minutes from Times Square!! I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel is simply fantastic. The staff are attentive and extremely helpful (thanks to Dieter who very kindly booked our Empire State Building tickets). On our arrival, we we're upgraded to a suite room which was huge, clean and airy and had the benefit of having a separate sitting room equipped with a 42 inch plasma TV and a large sofa. The hotel is a 5 minute walk to Central Park and a 5 minute walk to 5th avenue and is in close proximity to the tube.I can not recommend this hotel enough and can not wait to return to the Salisbury Hotel.	
Sep 5 2008 	Well worth the money	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at The Salisbury. It was our first trip to NYC and I had found this little gem on this site. We had read the reviews and figured for the price and location, we would give it a chance. I am so glad we did. The staff was very friendly, the room was huge with a kithenette and king sized bed. We were minutes from Central Park and Times Square. We didn't use the subway much, instead opted to walk (alot) and also bought a 3 day tour bus pass, the hop on hop off type. So woth the money and it stopped minutes from the hotel door. I would definately stay here again and will recommend it to anyone I know!	
Sep 5 2008 	Two sisters in the city and loved the Salisbury	My sister and I planned a trip to the city and stayed at the Salisbury based on other people's recommendations . We were not disappointed ! We got in early on a Sunday morning and while our room wasn't yet ready , they stored our luggage and we spend the morning sight seeing . Upon our return the room was ready and we were pleasantly surprized at the size of the room. It had a kitchen area , flat screen TV and 2 closets - one being a walk in . We had no issues waiting for the elevators and being on the 11th floor we didn't hear any street noise .Location was perfect - subway right around the corner for the longer trips down to ChinaTown and the ferry but other than that we walked everywhere . The breakfast was cheap and filling and rather than spend money eating out all the time , we went to the local grocery store and stocked up . You must though go to Junior's Cheesecake in Times Square and have a slice or two or three !!!!! Shopping was so close - we spend way too much but it was a trip of a lifetime for us . A shop we really liked was Eve Bari - we bought unique jewelry there and they had nice purses as well . Then there are the usually spots such as Tiffany , Macy's , Pearl River Mart and all the street vendors . How can you go wrong ! For a change of pace &amp; regrouping we went to Central Park and enjoyed the Zoo and just to be able to see all the performers there. It was refreshing !! The Met , too was a peacful place and the roof top garden had the best view in the city we had seen !!!All in all - the Salisbury gave us a great location and great value ! I would go there again and again ! My husband &amp; I have been there two times before and stayed at other hotels for more money that were like closets ! Stay at the Salisbury - you wont be disappointed !	
Aug 31 2008 	Excellent value for money in a great location	OK so the Salisbury could do with a little face lift but nothing major. The staff are helpful and friendly, the rooms are large (which is unusual for New York at these prices) and comfortable but above all else the hotel is in a fantastic location. Just far enough out to be relatively quiet at night but close enough in to be just a few minutes from Times Square to the south, 5th avenue to the east and Central Park to the North. We walked everywhere and found the hotel was within easy walking distance of everything we needed. Those places that were a little further out, such as Battery Park and the Statue of Liberty or China Town, we just used the subway which is located at either end of 57th, just yards from the hotel.The breakfast was a bargain at all you can eat for $4 a head, although it was mainly bagels, donuts, Danish pastries etc.. there was cereal and fruit salad available too. The room was extremely comfortable and air conditioned which was a real blessing - yes it can do with redecorating, especially the bathroom, but comfort is the main thing, right? And what do you use your room for other than sleeping? There's so much to see and do in New York we spent little time in our room, so for what we wanted it for, it was perfect. It had a microwave and a fridge and a large walk-in closet. Negatives - the elevators can get a little busy especially on a Sunday when the local Baptist Church use the 5th floor of the hotel for their meetings and they all seem to want the elevators, but we found that leaving early and arriving back late (6 o'clock time) meant the elevators were always free. Breakfast is served between 7 and 11, but if you arrive between 8 and 10, you have to queue. So get there early or late. Having said that, the lines move pretty quickly and if you don't want to wait then there's a cafe just a few doors away that serves pancakes and bagels for around the same sort of price (although it's not all you can eat)All in all this hotel is a real find. A great bargain in a truly fantastic location. Would definately use again.	
Aug 31 2008 	LOCATION!!!	If we go back to New york, we're going back to the Salisbury hotel! You don't get a better hotel for this price! The location is wort a lot. Metro station around the corner, 5 min. walk to Broadway, 5 min. walk to 5th avenue, just 2 streets under central park... what do you want more!?!?!?Rooms are not modern, but very big and clean! reception very friendly. We did not use the breakfast in this hotel, because you get foor on every corner in NY.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice hotel with great location next to 5th ave.	great hotel between 6th and 7th which is a 2 minute walk to 5th avenue and everything else if you are prepared to walk. the hotel itself offers a nice room which is pretty big and has a little kitchenette. cheap breakfast is also available.the best thing about this place is it location which is next to 5th, central park and walking distance from to all sites if you are prepared to walk the 20 odd blocks to the empire state etc... if not there is a subway at the end of the road. i recemmend the walk though as you see everything and walking down 5th and times sq makes it pretty fun.	
Aug 29 2008 	Nice hotel at a reasonable price	We just stayed here for four nights. Our room was very spaceous and clean and everything worked. Breakfast wasn't included in our deal, but there was a cheap option to take this as an extra - it was good value, but get there early to avoid the queue. Staff were helpful whenever we needed them (extra towel arrived in minutes). Only slight negatives are that there can be a long wait for the lifts and the decor is a bit tired.I should also mention that the Italian restaurant a few doors along (Alfredo's ?) was really nice and good value.	
Aug 24 2008 	wouldn't return to this hotel unless the spend some money on it!!!	Let me start by saying this hotel is in a great location. only 15 minutes to Time Square and less than 5 minutes to central park.On arrival we checked in quickly. But when we got out of the lift the hall way was dark and dated!!our room was clean but so dated needed a lot of money spent on it. bathroom was tiny and brown.no fridge in our room which is a shame as that would of been usefull. they ownly ever left 2 towels in the bathroom, but we were a family of 4!! Every day we had to request more.There is a huge lcd tv in each room. this caused us lot's of problems!! The guy in the next room had his on full blast until 2-3am whatching the olimpics. we did complain and to be fair the hotel did ask him to turn it down which he did but only for a short time. ( i do realise this is not the hotels fault!!)but I think the hotel needs to have these tv's adapted to stop this in the future.i would only stay in this hotel again if it had a MAJOR refit which it so badly needs.	
Aug 23 2008 	Good hotel in great location	The Salisbury hotel is in a great location - very close to Broadway and 5th Ave, Times Square, Central Park and almost opposite Carnegie Hall.We found the accommodation quite basic but very comfortable. The bathroom could have done with being updated and the walk in wardrobe smelt very badly of stale clothes. However, it was quiet, airconditioned and had a large flat screen tv.The staff were very helpful with suggestions and in reacting to requests. The breakfast was very cheap at $4 but was self-service and mainly consisted of a large variety of pastries. I particularly disliked the small plastic plates, cups and cutlery. However, there were many good places to eat nearbyOverall a very good experience at a reasonably priced hotel in a good location.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great value - great location - great for families	The Salisbury is in a fantastic location - 5 mins from 5th Avenue and the same from Central Park. So many of New York's attractions are within a short walk. The Hotel is fairly basic - don't expect luxury - but the rooms are large, comfortable and very clean and our children loved the big flat screen TV. The Salisbury is very busy and is packed with families from all over the world - in one elevator ride in the hotel we met families from Spain, Australia, USA, Germany and the UK! It's also great value for money and the breakfast at $4 dollars a head for rolls, bagels, toast, cereal etc and fresh coffee is hard to beat so you can spend your cash on sightseeing and shopping instead - don't be put off by the breakfast queue it moves pretty quickly!We stayed on the 6th floor at the front and the street noise was quite loud (think sirens, horns etc) but we thought it all part of the 'New York' experience and soon got used to it. It's not a problem on upper floors or at the back - vouched for by other members of our family who were staying at the same time as us.Because of it's excellent location we often popped back during the day to freshen up, cool down or simply to offload some of our shopping. The desk staff were very helpful and we all really enjoyed our stay - we wouldn't hesitate to go back - next time for Christmas shopping!	
Aug 15 2008 	Pretty good but............	I endorse most of what everyone else is saying, but to be honest if this wasn't in NYC and so close to Central Pk I bet quite a few of the ratings would be lower. The breakfast isn't as good as some people are making out - no hot food, no meat &amp; no cheese, great if you love 20 different sorts of pastries but otherwise a bit too samey. The coffee is ordinary too. Also, our airco system wasn't working properly on our (late evening arrival) so we hardly slept the 1st night due to the heat, but to be fair the hotel replaced the system very quickly when we complained the next day. Finally, there are only 2 very small elevators, so you spend a great deal of time waiting for one, which then turns up full so you have to use the stairs, not great if you're on the 10th floor and it's 95 degrees! I'd still recommend this hotel, but don't assume it'll be anywhere near the best place you've ever stayed!	
Aug 10 2008 	Loved the Salisbury	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. It is in a perfect location on W.57th St. between 6th &amp; 7th Aves. It is 2 blocks from Central Park &amp; 2 blocks from 5th Ave. It is easy walking distance to Times Square. It also has subway stations on each corner. The staff is phenomenal - helpful, friendly. The accomodations are not fancy but clean &amp; homey. The staff upgraded us from a 1 bedroom suite to a 2 bedroom suite at no charge to us. The suite was huge which fit our family of 5 - 2 parents with 3 grown (23,21 &amp; 18) children. I booked this hotel solely off of recommendations off TripAdvisor &amp; was not disappointed. It was a perfect location for our amazing trip to NYC.	
Aug 6 2008 	fantastic	This hotel is fantastic, its location is superb. you can walk to time square in 6mins, its quiet of a night but you do hear the odd police siren but hey your in new york who cares. The room was a great size with tv, fridge,tea making facilities the norm. The bathroom's decor was dated but that is minor. breakfast can be slow as its a first come first served basis. There are plenty of places to go to for breakfast very close and cheap. The rooms were clean and the staff very welcoming and professional.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great stay at reasonable price for New York	We stayed at the Salisbury Hotel at the end of July. There were 4 adults and 2 kids in our party. The suite was very spacious especially for being in New York. Nice location, as just 2 blocks from Central park and only about 10-15 minutes down to Times Square/ Broadway shows. Room was very clean. Other family members stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and when we went to see there room, we were very grateful for the Salisbury. We paid 1/2 the rate they did and had more than twice the space. They were paying for a fancy lobby and wide halls, but not comfort for themselves. 1 block away was the Associated Supermarket, which was reasonable for soda supplies and chips. Also, saved some food costs by doing PB&amp;J. Breakfast for $4 was acceptable at the hotel. Elevators are a little slow especially at peak times, but really a minor inconvenience. Highly recommend the Salisbury.	
Aug 2 2008 	Fantatistic location	We were a family of 4 so we booked a suite. 1 big living room, a big bedroom a small pantry and a bathroom. Each of the rooms were equiped with a flatscreen TV not that we used it that much but it was nice to have. The rooms were clean and average nothing fancy. The beds were comfy. The bathroom a bit small but sufficient. One annoying thing was when taking a shower the water temperature kept drifting from scolding to freezing it wasn't thermostat regulated. So mind the small children.Our suite was facing towards 57 th street and the noise from the traffic was still quite loud even though we lived on the 15 th floor. It was kind of like sleeping with the window wide open. It was one of two negatives either sleep with the noisy air con running or hear the noise from the traffic. It would have been better if the air con was of the centralized type mounted on the roof instead of the type stuck in the window. But after a couple of days your got used to it. The hotel does have breakfast which cost 4 $ pr person and is served on the 3 rd floor. A good start for the day with different forms of bread, cereal, juice, tea, coffee and cakes. The most annoying thing was the elevators which you could stand and wait for a long time with no indication where the elevator was apart from if you were in the lobby. So we got a lot of excercise from taking the stairs. Although the Salisbury hotel definately needs improvements the stay was a good experience and the location of the hotel is fantastic. So thats what you pay for. Just as you walk out the main entrance you have to the left 5. avenue, to the right broadway, a block behind central park and just in front The russian tea room and Carnegie hall.	
Jul 29 2008 	Wonderful stay	Loved the hotel, was within a block of 2 subway stations, and walking distance to central park, Broadway, Times Square and Rockefeller Center.Our room was great, the bathroom had been updated recently and we were on the back side of the hotel, so it was quite. The elevators were a little slow, but that was not an issue with us.The staff was great.I loved that the hotel arranged a private car to take my family to the airport and it was the same price as super shuttle!My next stay in New York will definately be here!Angelo's resturant next door had great pasta and pizza, the family meal was more than enough for 3, we had leftovers. But, their service was very lacking, unless all NY waitors feel that in order to deliver good service all they need to do is to take your order, deliver your food, give you the bill, and collect the money, (McDonalds does that)...every time we needed a water refill, we had to ask for it.	
Jul 28 2008 	Doesn't deserve all the hype!!!	I recently stayed at the Salisbury Hotel with myself and two other friends. I have to say that this hotel is average by my rating. I’m not sure why this hotel gets so much hype. I will start with the positives and then conclude with the negatives. Positives- The hotel was a wonderful location!!! It is within walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave, Subway Stations, and Times Square. We used the small grocery store across the street to stock up on fruit, snacks, &amp; water. We also loved the Burger Joint across the street in the LeMeridian Hotel. Angelo’s beside the hotel was also pretty good for a reasonably priced meal. I signed up for the frequent reward card on their website before we left. Make sure you do this a few weeks before you go so you can get the card in the mail before you leave. You must have the card when you arrive to possibly get a free upgrade. I booked the room through hotels.com. Once we arrived, I showed the card and we were upgraded to a suite with 2 double beds in one room &amp; a sitting area w/a tv. The continental breakfast with a small free was also nice in the mornings. We took advantage of this twice during our stay. It included bagels/muffins/donuts, juice, coffee, &amp; cereal. Our room was very quiet &amp; was located on the side opposite the street. Negatives- The main reason I would not stay in this hotel again was the “very firm” beds. The beds to me were rock hard. I’m sure some people like a real firm bed. I found it very uncomfortable. I slept on the beds for two nights. The last two nights I slept on the pull out bed in the other room and it was more comfortable. That morning they had brought in new furniture to the sitting room area. They were bringing it around to all the rooms on our floor. Thank goodness for the new sofa bed. I don’t think my back could have lasted two more nights. I did complain to the front desk &amp; they mentioned they had experienced other complaints. They also claimed they were fairly new mattresses. I ended up going to get a massage when I got back to get my back feeling better. This was the first time I’ve ever experienced back pain &amp; trouble moving my neck. It stunk to feel like this the first two days of our trip. I had read reviews on websites about the beds &amp; but never realized I would have as much trouble as I did. The elevators were very slow at busy times, especially during breakfast. They were very small inside. I would hate to get stuck in one of those. The hallways were very outdated &amp; had a musk smell. Hope this helps everyone! Let me know if you have q’s. Stay if you love firm beds!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the salisbury for 5 nights and was not dissapointed the rooms were very clean, a huge suite with a sitting room and bedroom with 2 large beds our sons age 21 and 16 had plenty of space while we slept on the very comfortable sofa bed in the sitting room. The staff were very pleasant and helpfull ,breakfast at 4 dollars each was excellent. The hotel is situated in a very nice area . We will stay at the Salisbury again, can't wait.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great location great value! Needs environmental efforts.	I highly recommend the Salisbury for your visit to NYC. The central location puts you right in the middle of everything--Central Park, FAO Schwarz, Rockefeller Center, Times Square. There's even a subway stop nearby. Across the street is a drug store for those things you forgot, and a Starbucks to get you going in the morning. I also recommend Bay Leaf Indian Restaurant on 56th.The room was large and well appointed, the beds were comfy and the bathroom was spotless. Housekeeping was responsive to our requests. The staff was friendly and available. The price I got on hotels.com was unbelievable for NYC!My only disappointments were the stuffy halls and slow elevators (always had to wait), and the hotel's apparent lack of environmental awareness. Our tub faucet dripped the whole time we were there, despite my reporting it, and every morning they put an 8.5x11 sheet of paper under every door as a ticket to breakfast, which seems extreme--how about a small ticket instead? There were no containers for recyclables, no option to reuse towels and no energy-saving lightbulbs. Management could make some real strides in these areas (and save themselves money doing it). All in all, though, the Salisbury is a good choice! Enjoy!	
Jul 20 2008 	Loved it!	Two thirty something women on a trip to buy wedding shoes! Loved this place, we chose it on the basis of the reviews and we weren't disappointed! You would be hard pressed to beat the price in such a great location. The first morning we were there, we jumped in a cab and said &quot;Empire state building please&quot; Two minutes later we were there, feeling really silly that we hadn't walked!!!! Lesson learnt, we walked everywhere, loved everything! People really friendly, staff were fabulous and always helpfull. Breakfast cheap and ok. Can recommend Angelos for cheap meals, leave hotel, turn left and walk for 40 seconds! We loved the E.S.B also helicopter around the lady of liberty! Shopped till we dropped, did Phantom in broadway, carriage round central park and had an all round fabulous 4 days there! Taxi didn't turn up when we were going to airport.. PANIC! Hotel got us a stretch limo and charged us the same price! Didn't stop smiling while we were there but slept for a whole day when we got home! Cheap and cheerful hotel, would not stay anywhere else! Thank you salisbury!	
Jul 20 2008 	Disappointed	Having read the reviews, we were looking forward to our 3 night stay. The rooms are very spacious and the furniture TV etc are of a good standard. However the corridors are hot and smelly as are the lifts (which involve lenghty waiting times). We had to ask to change our first allocated room due to smell and very poor bathroom (broken toilet seat and not clean). Our second room was better but the bathroom was very small and in need of updating. The paintwork in all areas was chipped and corners were thick with dust. Bedroom doors were also chipped which made them look like someone had tried to break into the room!	
Jul 19 2008 	locationlocationlocation	First was the location...Near central park , times square and the shows...Our room was large but had an old feel to it !!!...Closet and bathroom were small but adequate...Nice tvs...The pizza next door was not as good as everyone said...and to find wine at a good price was impossible Staff was cordial and informative .Would stay again......	
Jul 18 2008 	Huge rooms!	We recently stayed for 3 nights at the Salisbury Hotel during a family vacation in NYC.Hotel: Clean and well-kept although it's an old hotel. Parking was at a different location at a garage between 7th and 8th avenues along 56th Street. Salisbury has a special arrangement with the garage and there's a discounted rate of $28 per day (no in and out privileges). There's a $10 surcharge for us though as we parked our minivan. The hotel staff were friendly and checking in and out was a breeze. To our pleasant surprise, we were upgraded to a 1-bedroom suite!Room: As the suite we stayed at was huge! My jaw literally fell when we opened the door. The bedroom had 2 firm and comfortable double beds. There were 3 closets in the room with so much space and a dresser.The sitting room had a pull-out sofa. There's a kitchen with sink, coffee maker, microwave, and a small fridge. There's a roundtable too where you can eat. There's a locked safe in the closet as you enter the suite. There are two phones, and two flat screen TVs, lots of tables and chairs. There is wireless internet connection available however it is for a fee. For 72 hrs. we paid $24.95. We didn't have any problem at all with connection.The bathroom is very small though and needs updating as we could see the wear and tear of the years. However, it was clean.Housekeeping was thorough.Amenities: The hotel serves breakfast at the Vanguard Room on the 3rd floor for a fee of $4.00.Location: It is along 57th Street which we found great as it wasn't a one way street. The subway station was just at the end of the block. There's a pharmacy and grocery store nearby too. Starbucks is across the street. We tried Angelo's Coal Oven Pizza Restaurant beside the restaurant and it was great. There's a Green Cafe right next door too where you can grab a quick bite. The hotel is 2 blocks away from Central Park, and 2 blocks away from 5th avenue. Walking to Times Square was around 15 minutes away. I liked looking down our room window and watching the goings on on the street. Very convenient location.	
Jul 15 2008 	Spacious clean and affordable for family of 5!	My family of 5 booked months in advance for a suite. We were so very impressed with the size of the room, the cleanliness, and the professional &amp; friendly staff. The suite was the size of an apartment!!! We believe we found the best deal for a family of 5! The hotel location was ideal -- near 5th Ave shops, Rockefeller Ctr &amp; NBC studios, and Central Park! We loved the hotel, and the $4pp breakfast for a family of 5 was fantastic! Definitely recommend this hotel, especially for families!	
Jul 14 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Salisbury. The hotel is very nice, room size is quite large by NY standards. We were in a King suite on the 6th floor. Each room had a flat screen tv and the sofa in the living was very comfortable for my 2 teen boys. The continental breakfast is available for $4 and is a variety of pastries, bagels, cereal, juice milk and coffee- a bargain for breakfast in NY.In addition to being in a great location- there are subway stations at the end of each block , there's a drugstore, and small grocery on the same block.Overall a great hotel for a family with 2 teens at a great price.	
Jul 8 2008 	Perfect Hotel	I stayed at this hotel last year and I was so impressed with the quality and service of this hotel.The rooms were spacious and well equipped.The desk staff were so helpful, especially Dieter (I assume that was his name) who always gave great advice and easy to follow directions.I was very impressed how close this hotel was so close to the subway. The continental breakfast was fantastic, with a lot to choose from.	
Jun 30 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Salisbury for a week with my wife and 3 kids in May. The room was huge and it was great to have a fridge in the room. Loads of space for everyone to chill out. The breakfast is great value for money. The hotel is very central, about 15 mins walk to Times Square and around the corner from Central Park. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 29 2008 	Everything they say it is--Great Value and Location Location Location!!	We have just returned from a June 22nd-June 28th 2008 stay at the Salisbury Hotel. We based our hotel selection on reviews from Trip Advisor and I can say that we were not disappointed. The Salisbury is ranked 33rd out of 344 hotels in New York City, which puts it in the top 10% in terms of popularity. We paid 1600 dollars for a five night stay in a two room suite. That price included all taxes, which were considerable. We made our reservations six months in advance and the hotel was sold out three months in advance. The Salisbury is on 57th Street (123 w. 57th street), between 6th and 7th Avenues. There are subway stops on both avenues, each with about four different subway lines. So we were able to start a trip to anywhere just by walking to a corner, and never had to make a transfer to another subway line or bus. Since Broadway is the next avenue after 7th Avenue, it is easily accessible. 7th Avenue and Broadway kind of merge around 45th street, and for the most part, the excitement starts on either street as soon as you set foot on them from 57th. The theater district, 5th avenue shopping, Rockefeller Center and Central Park are very easily walkable. Or you can take the subway down to 42nd street and walk back up 7th or Broadway to the Salisbury. We stayed in room 708, which faced 57th street. 57th has busy streets and sidewalks and it was nice to watch the action while we were resting in our room. Automobile horns and truck noises make up the majority of the noise. I wondered why the trucks were so loud and finally figured out that it was because the sound was echoing off the buildings and with all the stop lights around, the trucks always seemed to be in low gear when they passed. I figure that would be true no matter where you stayed in New York City. We chalked the street noise down just being part of the New York experience and it was not a problem at all. Our room (708) had good airconditioners and was far enough from the elevators or lifts. The hallway on the 7th floor was always warm--about 85 degrees. I don't know why, since the temperature outside never hit 85. In the bedroom, our room had two full-size beds with very firm matresses. That room had two chairs and a large chest of drawers. It also had three closets--I'm not kidding. One of the closets had enough shelving for all of us to unpack our suitcases and stow them. That was really great. The other closets just had hangers. The bathroom was small but functional. Water pressures and temperatures were never a problem. Large supplies of towels and face-cloths were available. The sitting room had a queen-size fold-out couch/bed, and six more chairs. If you wanted a cot, there were at least three places where it would fit easily and not be in the way. That's how big these rooms are. There was also a small dining room table, another chest of drawers, two end tables and a coffee table. There is also a desk to sit at. All that furniture and still plenty of room to move around. There is a microwave/fridge/counter and sink area, but the sink was really more of a bar sink, and had no towels or soap near it. There were one LCD wall-mounted television in each room and they worked fine. Putting them on the wall freed up more space on the chests of drawers, so there is plenty of space for your gear. There is a closet in the sitting room with a keyed safe. The 4 dollar breakfast is available on the third floor each morning starting at 7:00 a.m. It was worthwhile. There is no meat and the only eggs available are hard-boiled, but there are tons of fresh bagels, muffins, and doughnuts there. There are coffee and juices available. We ate there five days and never had to wait for an open table. The breakfast seems pretty popular. Others have mentioned the elevators and how slow they can be. That is basically true, but they weren't the slowest I've ever been in. It would get a bit slow when tour groups were arriving in the afternoons and departing in the mornings with their mountains of luggage. But that's true in any hotel. The staff were nice and efficient and we didn't have any problems. We were able to check in at 11:00 a.m. I did hear a guest mention that his room on the 15th or 16th floor was too warm and another complained of the slowness of the wireless internet access, but neither problem applied to us. There is a pharmacy/convenience store (Duane Reade) within 200 feet of the hotel and an Angelo's coal-fired pizza restaurant two doors down for when you aren't in the mood to travel to a well-known New York eatery. Angelo's made some good pizza, and we were out there trying all the famous New York pizzerias. So it was good to have one so close to our hotel. In closing, we found the Salisbury hotel to be everything other travelers have said it is in terms of value and location. The location is fantastic and very convenient to anything we wanted to do. As with any hotel, get to your room and check it out early, so if there is a problem there are still rooms you can be moved to. If you have booked a suite, I think you'll find that 708 will suit your needs.	
Jun 20 2008 	Perfect for families	We only had a one-night stay for this trip, but would have loved to have this hotel as our centerpiece for a longer trip. The rooms were huge by NYC standards. Our room had more closet space than our home! The separate living room area with pullout sofa was perfect for kids - parents get privacy. The kitchenette area is great also. We got Chinese delievered toour room and never had to leave - we cotnact the restaurant directly, the front desk paid for it, added it to our room bill and delivered it. Just perfect. We did not have breaksfast downstairs, but there is a Starbucks right across the street that we took advantage of. You can't beat this location in Midtown.	
Jun 19 2008 	Best Bargain in NYC	This hotel has a great location, walking distance to Central Park and Times Square, the theater district. It's a little shabby and needs updating but it's clean and our room was spacious. Room had a refrigerator. It was absolutely quiet and has a relaxing atmospere.The staff was very cordial and professional. They got us cabs when needed and helped arrange airport transportation. I thought the rates were very reasonable for a Manhatten location. They also offer a nice continental breakfast for $4. We'll definitely stay here again!	
Jun 18 2008 	Wonderful NYC Experience	Location is superior... close to subway, walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Broadway district, etc. Rooms and suite are large, clean, comfortable... only problem is that some outlets don't work. Continental Breakfast for $4 starts the day in a great way. Every staff member was friendly and accomodating. We definitely will return.	
Jun 17 2008 	Outstanding Hotel Value	The Salisbury is a great find in NYC. A clean comfortable room . Nice firm beds and surprisingly quiet to me. I was worried about having a front room but the noise was never a bother to me.One bedroom room suite was very nice. Bathroom was small but closets, (there were four of them) were huge. Could have made a bedroom out of a couple of them. I would recommend the Salisbury for anyone traveling to NYC. Many subway locations nearby and an easy walk to the theaters.	
Jun 13 2008 	A real find.	We booked our week at this hotel with some trepidation, surely the reviews on this site couldn't be true? Fantastic location, amazing price, a large (huge by NYC standards!) bedroom and equally large, separate living room, both with brand new fixtures and fittings which included two flat screen t.vs. Breakfast was available for a $4 charge per adult, and a hi-chair was provided for our son, as was the crib. We arrived at 9am after a night flight and experienced the worse of New York traffic from the airport. Understandably, our suite wasn't ready, but by 12 we were in. Central Park (and all the playgrounds!), a pharmacy, grocery store and subway station only a block away, walking distance to Time Square and plenty of (child-friendly!) restaurants in the vicinity. We would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly, not just for families, but for anyone travelling to New York who wants a high quality, good value hotel. A refreshing change from a big chain, a great hotel ... can't wait to go back!	
Jun 10 2008 	Fantastic	We used this hotel and location for our honeymoon. We couldn't of asked for a nicer hotel and location if we had tried. It's situated 2 blocks from Central Park on 57th Street and literally 5 - 10 minutes walk away from the hustle and bustle of Time Square. There is a also a subway station at both ends of the block for easy access to Lower Manhattan. This is an easy and cheap way of getting around - $7.50 for unlimited travel a day!The hotel itself if served by pleasant and helpful staff who attend to your every need should you ask, the rooms are immaculate - every day and the breakfast provided for $4 each ample for the New York explorer. Things you must do while in New York:LibertyRockefeller BuildingEmpire State Toys R Us - Time Square - jaw dropping!!!BroadwayMacy's for your shopping and don't forget to ask for a discount card to get 11% off!Ground Zero and Financial districtStaten Island Ferry - Its free and great views of Liberty and Manhattan. Central Park on a Sunday - with the New Yorkers.Overall a fantastic hotel in a fantastic city. Enjoy!	
Jun 4 2008 	Two Minutes From EVERYTHING and CLEAN	I would definately stay here again and reccomend this place. It was a great location to all tourist attractions- 2 min's walking to Times Square and Theatre District, less than 5 minutes walking to Central Park, 5th Ave.... If you want a place to basically just sleep that is clean and comfortable...then this is a wonderful place. They even upgraded us to a king suit for whatever reason....very nice! Angelo's Pizza is next door and it was very good as well!	
Jun 3 2008 	Great for our family	Our family (mom, dad &amp; 2 kids) stayed for a week here at the end of May. I knew when I booked this hotel that it wasn't a &quot;high-end&quot; hotel, but the location was so good that I figured it was worth a try. I'm so glad that we did. We stayed in a 2-room suite (2 double beds &amp; pull-out Queen sofa) on the back side of the hotel. The rooms were very large and the small kitchen area at the entrance was complete (small sink, microwave &amp; small refrigerator). This is an older hotel that has not been ungraded recently, but it is clean, the staff was kind and efficient and it was a terrific place to stay for us. There was a breakfast on the 3rd floor ($4.00/person for hotel guests) that included bagels, bread (toaster available), doughnuts, muffins, cold cereal (Cornflakes &amp; Raisin Bran), cold hard boiled eggs, juices, and coffee. Once you are seated (if busy you may have to wait in line for a table to open) you get up and serve yourself, easy to go back for items. Things are served on paper/plastic which annoys some people but was fine with us.The lobby is small, but we have no need for an impressive lobby, just one that functions well and this one does. We found the desk staff, bellmen and others to be helpful and friendly.There is wireless internet available for a reasonable fee in the rooms (we found the signal to be strong &amp; had no problems with it). There are also 2 computers in the lobby with internet access for free - they are not hooked to a printer and the lobby is often a busy place.I have already recommended this hotel to friends and would absolutely stay here again!!	
Jun 3 2008	Great Location	We stayed here May 27th - June 2nd. Perfect location, clean, tidy, great maid service, breakfast at $4 a head more than enough.Staff informative and helpful when required. Best meal of the week was a pizza at Angelos next door. A beauty. We had a room on the 10th floor, a double double. Bathroom fine, shower worked perfectly all week. Air con in room was great, noisy but show me a unit that runs quietly. We did sleep with window open one evening, dont bother its like being next to M25. Take the aircon unit anytime.As for Manhattan we felt safer here than we do in central Bristol. Didnt here any bad language or witness any violence all week. Would certainly return to Manhattan and definately this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great location serves its purpose and good for families	We chose this hotel due to its location, being only 2 blocks south from central park. We had a 'suite' - ie a bedroom with two big double beds, and a sitting room with a sofa bed, plasma tv and kitchenette. This arrangement allowed our baby to sleep in peace while we were still awake and watching tv etc in the other room. The kitchenette had a fridge, sink and microwave. But no crockery - we had to buy plastic plates etc from a nearby supermarket.Negative pointsOverall the hotel is a bit dated if that matters to you. In other words it's not a glitzy New York experience, just a functional, clean place to stay.Bathroom was very small and dated. The air-conditioning units were very noisy which could be a problem when needed in the summer. Plus points The room was very spacious, so good for families with plenty of space for toddlers to run around. Room was kept very clean, with numerous closets for clothes. Lovely big, comfortable beds.  The hotel offers a toast/bagel type breakfast for four dollars but no other restaurant facilities. Local restaurants will do room service. There is a supermarket 5 mins away to buy milk, cereal etc. Overall it was pretty good value in an expensive city and a lot of attractions are in walking distance. I would most probably stay here again because of these plus points.	
Jun 3 2008	great location and price	This hotel is a great gem ,perfect location and cheap in the heart of the city,we were a party of 12 and all agreed the hotel was perfect for our needs .All staff very helpful and although the rooms are a little dated but they are clean and for that price who cares !!.Also great breakfast buffet.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great stay in New York	We stayed at The Salisbury Hotel at the end of May 2008 for 4 nights. We booked through Virgin and the entire trip was fabulous! We had booked a suite for our family of 4, rooms were a good size at the back of the hotel which was quiet, however no view. Two double beds and a sofa bed so plenty of room. Bathroom on the small size but powerful shower. We did not spend a lot of time in the room so did not use the kitchen area. Lifts were a bit slow but nothing to worry about. Breakfast consisted of pastries, bagels, donuts, toast, cereal and fruit, you could visit the buffet as many times as you wanted so good value for only 4$.Hotel staff very helpful, assisted with pre-booked excursions and arranged car back to airport for us.Location is excellent, round the block from Central Park and subway station and not too far to walk to Times Square.This was our first visit to New York and the hotel met our needs. If we return (&amp; hopefully we will!) I would have no hesitation staying at The Salisbury again.	
May 29 2008 	Location great	Location location location. Breakfast average. Great staff .	
May 28 2008	Superb!	Our decision to try the Salisbury was based primarily on its comparatively reasonable price and ideal location (across from Carnegie Hall and the Russian Tea Room, 2 blocks from Central Park, a few short blocks to Times Square/theatres). Upon checking in, I noticed that the reservation print-out specified two beds, instead of the king bed I'd reserved. When I pointed it out to the front desk agent and presented my Frequent Stay card (for which I signed up when I booked the reservation), he immediately checked for available upgrades and gave us a lovely, quiet, king suite with two flat screen TV's and three closets. Frankly, it was larger than some NY apartments! After reading some of the reviews, I was prepared for a lengthy elevator wait time, but with a couple exceptions, they usually came almost immediately. As they're relatively small, it's probably helpful to be on a higher floor to catch them before they're filled on the way down. To top off a perfect stay, I was informed at check-out that we'd already stayed enough nights and earned enough points to get one night free. The hotel is by no means grand, but the accommodations were lovely, the location is ideal, and our stay could not have been better.	
May 27 2008 	another excellent experience	Had another excellent experience at the Salisbury - Was upgraded to a Suite (perhaps because I joined their Club). Anyway, very good value on Hotel.com at $251++. Their $4 breakfast, while mostly carbs, works fine. Desk and Bell Staff very helpful and pleasant.Great location to walk most places from Times Square to Central Park to high-end shopping on 5th Ave. Subway also close. Only downside can be the crosstown traffic if in a hurry (and sometimes Carnegie Hall traffic across the street blocks the street with busses)	
May 27 2008 	Soooo never going back!	Let's see... where to start. The hotel is pretty non-descript, worn and dated. The lobby area was NOT impressive by any standards and the front desk was simply ridiculous. It was very small and with only two people behind it. Two very rude and obnoxious people behind it actually. The service was rubbish! I think the nicest person in the hotel was one of the maid's we encountered! The lifts were also old and worn and only two to the building. The rooms. Er, well, it was very big, with two double beds, a small kitchenette (not even worth it) and the bathroom was not nice at all. The shower was unreliable at best, going scalding hot and freezing cold all through your shower. The ONLY plus to the hotel was the breakfast which came with the room. A buffet service that was plentiful and tasty, although the only hot food on offer was toast. However, it's saving grace is it's location. On West 57th &amp; Fifth, it is close to Fifth Avenue, literally down the road from Tiffany's, and just few scant blocks over from Central Park. Getting around is easy enough, just wave your hand and a taxi comes by, and they are really cheap and will get you anywhere quickly (and hopefully in one piece!) All in all, I will NOT be staying at the Sailsbury again. I expect a hell of alot more from my hotels and would definately not subject anyone else to it!	
May 24 2008 	Ideal location	We last visited New York in 2005 and stayed at the Pennsylvania opposite Penn Station and Madison Square Gardens. This time we thought we'd stay a little closer to Central Park on West 57th and 7th, which was an excellent choice. This 1920's hotel does not exude luxury but it is clean and the staff are friendly. We had a room on the 16th floor at the rear of the building which was much quieter than those at the front right on 57th. The view was of ventilator shafts and backs of the buildings on 58th, but who cares after a busy day in the city! The bed was 6' square and very comfortable. The bathroom was big with a huge walk in shower. Water pressure isn't very good above the 7th floor, we were told, but we didn't have any problems up on the 16th. There are over 10,000 wooden water tanks located on the roofs of buildings on Manhatten which serve the higher floors. Maid service was good with regular supplies of Gilchrist and Soames bathroom accessories. Our maid used to forget to leave teabags but tis wasn't a problem as Housekeepig wouldattend when required bringing anything you may require. Yes, there were only disposable cups in the rooms for your tea and coffee and disposable cutlery and crockery provided for the $4 Continental breakfast but does that really matter? If you want china then check in to a hotel above 3* and pay a lot more for this facility. It would have been a bonus to have a bar or restaurant within the hotel but just step outside and you have the choice of literally 1000's of bars and restaurants. To sum up, if you want luxury, check in somewhere else but if you want clean and comfortable at an affordable price, this is the one. We would stay here again if we ever visited again.	
May 22 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	What a wonderful experience visiting NYC. This hotel is close to many points of interest. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and spacious with huge closets to accomodate dressing or hanging clothes. Loved the extra blankets and pillows in the closets. Plenty of fluffy towels and fresh linen. Ironing board and iron was a real plus. Free use of safe in every room - great for meds and extra money.Would I stay here again...Absolutely!!!!. Thanks again staff!	
May 20 2008 	Fantastic Trip!	We stayed at the Salisbury from 12 to 19 May 2008. We booked it through Thomas Cook and chose the Salisbury due to its excellent location. I did read the reviews on the site regarding the noise, showers and lifts so I was a bit dubious. When we checked in to the hotel, we asked for rooms at the back which they provided with no problem. The room was spacious and the beds is a great size and just what you need after a day of sight seeing. There were times when you did have to wait for the lifts which is usually around breakfast time but it certainly was not an excessive wait. With regards to the showers, we had no problem with temperature and it was a lovely size of bathroom. The breakfast was great value and for $4, you had cereals, donuts, bagels, toast, fruit salad and as much tea, coffee, fruit juices you can have. It is served on paper plates but this was no problem at all and did not affect the taste of the food or drink at all. In fact, it was quite nice not to have waiters keep coming to collect items from your table and you could eat at your leisure and go whenever you please. The location of the hotel was great, and Times Square is a few blocks down the road. I would recommend going on a bus tour. We went on the Citysights Tour (people in bright yellow jackets!) and we found it enjoyable, interesting and so convenient. We used the bus for two days and boarded at Time Sq, left the bus at the Empire State, boarded it again to visit Ground Zero and board again to come home. We never waited more than 3 minutes for a bus. I would recommend doing the Uptown and Downtown Tour. I would warn people though that when walking up to Times Square, representatives from tour companies will try and stop you and sell the tours to you. We learned quickly to just say 'We have already done it' (which was before we booked our tour) and they will leave you alone. They do work on commission so they will try their hardest to stop you. When going to Bloomingdales, I would recommend eating at the 42 Carrots which is on the 7th floor. The food was absolutely delicious and their frozen yogurts are legendry!! Red Eye Dinner, which is on the way to Times Square is lovely also and is perfect for a evening meal.Al in all, it was an enjoyable holiday and would certainly recommend this hotel to everyone.	
May 20 2008 	Where Was The China?	We thought The Salisbury good value for the money. We booked through Virgin and chose the Salisbury by reading the trip advisor comments.Most are accurate, and here are our plus and minus comments.On the plus side we thought the room spacious and plenty of cupboard space for clothes etc.Nice kitchenette with fridge, micro and coffee machine.Plenty of hot water at all times. We thought the shower and bath easy and good to use.Clean towels every day.The staff helpful without interfering. ie they were there when we needed anything.Ample breakfast (a comment on this further down)Extremely good location for just about everything.Minus. A bit noisy, we were on the 57th avenue side. But for just 5 nights this was not a problem, shutting the curtains reduced most of the sound. What made it worse was not the fault of the hotel, the road surface outside had many holes which made the the noise worse.No kettle and the tea tasted like coffee if you put the tea bags in the coffee machine, so take a small kettle if you visit.and we only had two cardboard cups so we had to rinse them if we wanted another drink later.Coming back to the breakfast. Although there was plenty and no one cared how much you ate, my biggest minus was the fact that everything was throw away. I would have liked a cup of tea in a china cup and my food on a china plate instead of everything cardboard and plastic, left for us to throe in a bin as one does in a burger place.. Tea in a paper cup first thing in the morning is a turn off. We would rather pay a bit more and have decent crockery. But that is just me and I notice that no one else found this a problemWe would stay there again, despite this one small problem..	
May 19 2008 	Great Location	New York is always a tough place to find a reasonably priced hotel in a good neighborhood with decent amenities. The Salisbury worked for our group. We booked two rooms through Expedia. When we checked in around 6 PM, they didn't have two rooms on the same floor. So, they offered us a two bedroom suite for the same price. It was wonderful and a great surprise. The location was really good and very safe. The breakfast is just $4, but only consists of bagels, donuts, hard boiled eggs and cereal - so don't expect anything else. The staff was helpful - they provided us directions, umbrellas, stored our luggage and called us a car to take us to the airport. All in all, a good stay.	
May 14 2008 	Great location and price	Most everything you read on the reviews is accurate. The hotel is older, the rooms are somewhat dated and the lifts can be slow.None of this was a problem or concern for us. We asked for a &quot;quiet room&quot; when we checked in and were given a room in the back of the hotel. Noise level was minimal. The beds are harder, but did not cause us any problems and we were so exhausted by the end of the day that we slept great. The rooms are larger than most of the rooms we have stayed in in NYC and are very clean and well taken care of. We had a small kitchen area (which doubled as a place to get ready in the mornings), a walk in closet with safe and a smaller bathroom. The only time we waited for an elevator was when we came out of the breakfast room (decent but not fantastic) and that was only a couple of minutes. The location is fantastic! A short walk to Central Park, 5th Avenue, Times Square and a subway station at the corner. Plan to do a lot of walking, the hotel is conveniently located close to many attractions. One tip about the Statue of Liberty is to buy your tickets online and then you will be able to skip about 3/4 of the very long security line. Last year we waited about an hour to get on the ferry, this year with the online ticket it took less than 15 minutes. The subway is inexpensive and very easy to use. Overall, a great trip and we will be back to The Salisbury Hotel.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great stay	Coming into New York after a quick flight over &quot;the pond&quot; we were greeted by a wonderful sunny day and a great hotel. After reading other reviews we new what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised by the size ot the room(s), although a bit stuck in the past when you looked at the furniture the huge flat screens in lounge, yes we had an extra lounge, and in the bedroom brought it up-to-date. Situated on west 57th it's very easy to get to all the sights on the subway and buses, e.g. use a metro card 25$ for 7days, Central Park only a couple of minutes away. The hotel supplies a breakfast buffet (4$), not spectacular but there's plenty of it. We flew and booked with BA and our's was complimentary, worth checking. We also had a kitchenette with microwave, fridge amd coffee maschine - no kettle.Some tips. Take your time trying to understand the subway system it's worth it. It's also very clean and safe, we even travelled at night. Book a shuttle bus online before you leave costs around 30$pp return and will drop and pick you up at your hotel. The hotel will provide you with most things you need. Post offices are few and far between so get your stamps at the desk. If you plan on going to Ellis Island/ Statue of Liberty get to Battery Park very early (ticket office opens 8.30) because even after you have your tickets it's a minimum 2 hour wait on a good day. There is a combined ticket for many of the main attractions that will save you few dollars. If you want to check your email/go on line for free go to the Apple centre at Grand Army Plaza/5th Avenue and look for the computers with google search boxes.Hope your trip is as good as ours was.	
Apr 29 2008 	dont belive the hype	we have just returned from a week at the Salisbury, and I can honestly say I dont know what all the fuss is about. we took our time researching hotels in NY and had narrowed it down to the salisbury or the Hilton, just around the corner. eventually we went with the salisbury purely on the recommendation from this website - the salisbury had no bad reviews and the hilton had a couple, so we plumped for the salisbury, even though they were exactly the same price and location.well we couldnt have been more disapointed and from the minute we checked in we regretted our decison and wished we'd gone to the Hilton. The hotel is old, drab and frankly unwelcoming. Think 'The Shining' and youll have it down to a tee - i always expected the lifts to start gushing blood and danny to come cycling down the corridors. the decor is old and in need of redecoration - diarroea coloured bathrooms do not spell out a relaxing hotel break for us...positives :the rooms are big for the centre of New Yorknice kitchenette arerooms clean and well maintained ( apart from the old q-tip that sat in the corner of our room all week)good locationnegatives:old decorunwelcoming front desk staffshowers will scold you if you happen to be in the shower at the same time as someone in another room flushes their toilet no free internet accessbad televisionTERRIBLE beds - be warned, the beds are ROCK hard. both me and my husband have back problems and we are in agony after sleeping on the rock hard beds all week. we had to have a massage at the end of our stay because of the pressure points caused. why the beds need to be so hard is beyond us.rooms very hot VERY noisy if you hav a room facing the front. - also due to the old style air conditioning.I do appreciate we got a good bargain with this hotel, but honestly cannot fathom why people rave about this hotel so much - when we think we could have had the hilton for the same price... we went round there to check out the hilton and could have cried at how nice it was. the salisbury just doesnt compare - nor seating area, no bar, no restuarant.. it really could do better. it kind of ruined our stay.we will never make a hotel choice based on this websites reviews again.	
Apr 27 2008 	loved this great hotel	we stayed here for 6 night on the 17 floor and loved it .like all other reviews i can not recommend this hotel any higher as we had a great location for central park and times sq .subway 3 mins away .breakfast was great value at $4 in a very nice room .we did have breakfast in deli a few doors down one morning .but went back to hotel for the rest of the week as it wasnt as nice .would love to come back to new york and will stay at the salisbury.	
Apr 27 2008 	great family hotel	Great hotel for travelling families.Agree with all previous compliments.were upgraded to suite with lousy sofa bed.	
Apr 26 2008 	Loved it!	The Salisbury was initially my second choice but I'm so glad I couldn't get my first! On arrival the reception was pretty inoccuous; the hotel itself is dated but the room was extremely spacious &amp; comfortable. I was surprised that we had a kitchen area with microwave and fridge, a bonus when travelling with 2 sons, so we could stock up with snacks and drinks from the supermarket just along the street for when we did spend time in the room, which I must admit wasn't often. We were at the back of the hotel so the room was very quiet although the air-con would have covered any noise! A continental breakfast was available at $4 each; food was plentiful and would keep you going for ages.Location is fantastic; just a block from Central Park, a couple of blocks from 5th Avenue (great for the apple shop where you can surf the internet for free!) and subway stations, which we hardly used as The Salisbury is so conveniently placed we walked everywhere. There are some very good restaurants close by. Make sure you're very hungry if you order the large pizza at Angelo's next door to the hotel as it is huge!We would all highly recommend The Salisbury to anyone. The only negative points I can think of are that the reception staff were indifferent and the plumbing was a bit noisy if you turned the tap on too slowly but if they're your only problems it's not going to ruin your holiday!	
Apr 17 2008 	Great but watch out for the showers	Nice large room. Appreciated the refrigerator and microwave. Nice flat screen television. Only issue was shower that alternated between freezing and very hot water. Hotel management acknowledged that this is an ongoing problem due to the age of the hotel. Service, location and price were great.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great location good value	Have just returned from The Salisbury after a 5 night stay with my family ( inc.two children 11 and 13). Great location, few minute walk from Central Park, subway, bus stop. In between 6th and 7th Ave. Had a suite on the 12th floor facing 57th - good for people watching. Noise not really a problem, did get rather warm though. Air con very efficient but noisy. Suite was very clean, looked like new furniture and two new plasma tvs- spoilt for choice re tv channels. Two king size beds plus huge sofa bed. 4 walk in closets, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, plenty of towels replenished daily. We did book through Virgin Holidays so don't know if we were given a better room because of that. Rooms are decorated in rather an old style but hey, this is New York. The lifts were not really a problem as others have stated, a few minutes wait at the most.We found the doormen and housekeeping staff to be very helpful and polite but the reception desk staff, not quite so good. In general their manners need a bit of work however they did book us a car for the return trip to the airport which was reasonable and arrived in plenty of time. $10 more than a yellow cab would have cost but more comfortable and the driver was very pleasant. Breakfast was included for us and was good - buffet style- cereal, bagels, muffins, pastries, toast, occasional fruit, fruit juices, tea,coffee.Overall a very good experience. Would I stay there again- most definately! Would I recommend it yes!	
Apr 15 2008 	Fantastic Value	The Salisbury Hotel is beautifully located on 57th St. near Carnegie Hall, the Russian Tea Room, Central Park, Museum of Modern Art, and many subway lines. We requested a room in the back to avoid noise and it was very quiet, large, clean, flat screen tv, walk in closet with iron/board etc. Housekeeping staff were very friendly, had worked there 20 years. The breakfast according to my husband did not live up to the raves of other visitors, but for $ 4 wasn't a problem. I don't know why Expedia etc offered the room at $207 (normally $299) but we paid the same for places with everything broken and looking like a welfare hotel in the past, so we were very pleased. I just hope we can get the same rate in the future. We were able to pop in to the hotel to rest, change, grab a snack and run off again. Stayed 3 nights. Loved it.	
Apr 14 2008	Locationb Location Location....Cant Be Beat..And The Biggest Rooms Around	family of 2 adults and 2 teenagers stayed 5 nights in April.We where on a one month stay accross the US, and this part was smack in the middleI wanted a large enough room for us all with some privacy, without taking out a second mortgage, in a safe enviroment with cental locationI booked this hotel based on all the reviews, and we where more than inmpressed and happy with it\First : Location: you cannot beat this location. its 2 blocks to Central park, 5tgh Avenue and shopping, and a few more to either Rockefellear Plaza or Times Square and Theatre districtIt is on 57th St between 6th and 7th Avenues, with a subway on the corner of each avenue, 1 minute walk either way!!! This took us everywhere we wanted to go within 5-15 minutes!!!Rooms: they are huge, the biggest we have ever stayed in and this is NYC! Wed had a suite, and it was two huge rooms , kitchen bathroom and sitting area. This was a lot bigger than expected and had two queens in the bedroom and a pull out queen sofa in the living roomPrice: For NYC this is probably considered a moderate hotel, and the prices are excellent. it is true value for moneyYes, it is not modern and up to date, but I was pleasantly surprised, as I had expected it to be more dreary. It was good and clean and usable and right in central NYCI would definatly return hear again and recommend it to family and friendsWe only had excellent service from both the concieerge and the bellhop so not sure about those other commentsWe also booked a car to the airport from the hotel, again no problemsIf you stay, go to Angelos next door, great Italian, we ate there 3 nights!Starbucks right accross the road for the coffee fix too!	
Apr 11 2008	Great little hotel in great location!	I spent a week at this hotel with my sister and daughter. It is a great hotel, reasonably priced, in a good location. On 57th street it's close to Central Park, Time Square, the Theatre district and lots of shopping just off 5th avenue! We were able to walk pretty much everywhere. It has a great continental breakfast at $4 a person per day. We fueled up at that and away we went for the day. The rooms are large and comfortable with a kitchenette for storing that extra NY Cheesecake you can't quite finish at Carnegie deli! The elevators are a bit slow and crowded, but heh, you're on vacation, so relax about it and enjoy the people and cultures around you! I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again myself in the future.	
Apr 10 2008 	Hotel Room Bigger Than The Average NYC Apt	If you're not expecting anything luxurious the Salisbury is perfect for you. I recently stayed at the Salisbury with a friend over winter break. The room was clean, with all amenties as promised by Hotels.com. Our room was upgraded upon arrival to a suite. A living area was separate from the actual bedroom and offered more space than we knew what to do with. Multiple closets and dressers for storage, TVs, dining area, and large bathroom. All clean with traditional decor. You won't find all the fluff of a chain hotel at the Salisbury but definately worth the stay.	
Apr 9 2008	great family value	Just returned from our first visit to NYC. Stayed in Salisbury which is a superb location, short walk to Central Park, 15 minutes to Times Square and short taxi to all other venues. Although an older hotel still what I need from a hotel when I have a family to look after. It has large rooms, large clean beds, warm/cool as required, excellent value breakfast buffet at 4 dollars a head all you can eat, great with kids. We will definately visit again and recommend to friends. You dont need a 'boutique' hotel when you are out all day and evening doing the sights. You need a clean, warm safe hotel and this is it.If I was very picky, it could do with a friut on the menu for breakfast, we dont all eat partries/donuts and the 'bell boys' like to be tipped all the time.see for yourself and dont be disappointed.....................	
Apr 7 2008 	Below average accommodations	All the incredible reviews here on TA for this hotel are the main reason we decided to go with it over another hotel. I have to say that this time TA reviews have disappointed me. I will not return to this hotel.It is old and in need of attention. It does not have a cheery, inviting appearance at all. We were in one of the suites and the furnishings were atrocious. Wood furniture was falling apart and the seams of all the chairs and sofa were ripped and torn with stuffing coming out. I won't even mention how horribly mismatched all the furniture was - it gave us a headache looking at it. Mini-blinds were broken and bent. The room reminded us of our early-attic furnishings during college. All the disrepair lent a feeling of &quot;dirty&quot; to the room, although it was fairly clean.We were in a 1 bedroom suite with 2 doubles. The beds were like concrete (I loved them, hubby not at all) and brand new. TV was awful. It was the old tube style and received only about 8 stations, all of which had poor reception. It was not possible to actually watch anything on the TV. You could make out bits of news programming and that's it.The bathroom looks as though the flooring was recently renovated. The water temperature controls are very touchy and when anyone around your room uses water in any capacity you are in for a real treat! As mentioned before by another reviewer there are great fluctuations in the temp that are truly scream-worthy. If you are an electric appliance user you will be disappointed as there are very few accessible outlets for your use. We had to unplug lamps and TVs to use laptops, blow dryers, PDAs, and games. To use those outlets we also had to move heavy furniture first.Room temperature was difficult to regulate as the radiator heat would not turn off. We used the window air conditioner the entire time to try and keep the heat down as it was near unbearable. The entire hotel was very hot, especially the hallways. Using the A/C was also good for keeping the street noise at bay. Our room faced 57th street which we didn't really mind because it was fun to watch the traffic - but word of warning to those who like it quieter - 57th St is a main artery for fire/rescue vehicles coming out of a nearby fire station and boy they make runs all day and night and are incredibly loud! The tall buildings only add to the amplification of street noise. Regular street noise is tolerable, it's the sirens and garbage trucks that are unreal. Turn the A/C fan on and all will be well.Something we noticed about this hotel very quickly was that Americans are treated very differently than foreigners. We were traveling with friends who are not from the US and while they feel the same as we do about the hotel and its accommodations - they were treated very differently than my husband and myself. I won't say too much about that except that they too were offered the &quot;limo&quot; as transportation the morning of departure - but for $40 more than the price we were quoted. For us that ride was going to be $20.Here is the part of the stay that really irked us: the morning of our departure it was pouring rain. As usual - no doorman, no bell staff (we only saw a doorman once during our week long stay). The night before we had asked at the front desk for a cab at 5:00 AM ,they said they would be happy to help. Didn't happen. When I checked us out the guy at the desk asked me if we needed a cab and I said yes that we had inquired about that the night before and I thanked him. He then said to me, &quot;You can just step off the curb and put your arm up like this and one will stop for you&quot;. Uhhh...ok....thanks. So off we headed to the curb to stand in the pouring rain. We got soaked. Cabs all going in the opposite direction. Limo parked out front. Finally the limo driver who had been standing inside talking with his buddies at the front desk comes out after about 10 minutes and offers us a ride for $20 in the limo. Thank goodness right at that moment a cab pulled a u-turn in the street and picked us up. He enjoyed his big tip. Unfortunately we really left this hotel with a bad taste in our mouths. Speaking of taste - the continental breakfast at the hotel may be cheap and is convenient but right next door at the Green Arbor you can get an amazing hot breakfast including beverage for $3.99. At the hotel your only options while we were there were bagels, coffee, juice, milk. Not impressed, but we weren't really expecting much anyway.The only truly good thing we can say about this hotel is that it does have an amazing location. So incredibly easy to get to anything and everything right from the front door. Almost everything is walkable except the WTC site. That's a bit far but a quick 5 minute subway ride away.I remain neutral as to whether we would ever stay here again. The price was the cheapest I could find when I needed to make reservations. I went in knowing that I wasn't getting Trump Tower.I would stay here again if I had to but I would never want to again. The way a hotel room looks does matter to us a little for the sake of quiet relaxation. TV working is a must. We did inquire about our problems with the hotel but we could tell that our concerns would not be addressed. Our foreign friends however had their every need met. Same problems, same asking style, different response from hotel staff. Interesting to say the least.Also - I booked directly through the hotel and paid in advance for the stay. But the bill and breakfast vouchers all said Expedia on them. I was surprised to see this has happened to another reviewer. I wasn't happy about that because the times I've intentionally used Expedia my experience has been that we got the worst accommodations the hotel had to offer, and the treatment to match. I think that's what happened here as well.All things considered, this is New York City. For the same money you just can't get the same customer service or hotel amenities as you can in the rest of the country.	
Apr 7 2008 	Excellent value in the heart of NYC!	We travel to NYC every spring and have stayed in several different hotels in a variety of midtown Manhattan locations. However, now that we've found the Salisbury, it will always be our first choice!This hotel is a gem. The location is excellent - just across from Carnegie Hall, two blocks from Central Park or 5th Avenue shopping, and a ten-minute walk to either Lincoln Center or Times Square. (Don't miss the Steinway Gallery next door ... it is a sales office, but houses exceptional antique pieces and lots of history!) Exploring further afield is easy via the subway, with stations for two lines (Q/N/R/W and B/D/F/V) at opposite ends of the block. The rooms are large, with comfortable beds, kitchenettes that were very convenient for beverages and snacks, plentiful closet space, and modern bathrooms. The flat panel TV was a nice touch. There were three of us this last trip, and we all had lots of room. Public areas are not as spacious, but time spent there is limited, right?The staff was courteous and efficient, but with the exception of one doorman who also suggested a fabulous pizza place two doors down, was not overly friendly. What the exceptionally priced continental breakfast lacked in variety was made up in convenience and quantity. The only minor drawbacks:1) Elevator speed. We were on the 17th floor and repeatedly had to wait several minutes to get a car down to the lobby. This didn't come as a surprise and, since the hotel seems to be favored by international travelers, we didn't mind the wait, as we were usually able to chat with delightful people.2) Limited electrical outlets, particularly for grounded plugs, at least in our room. I ended up using my laptop at the kitchenette counter, using the outlet meant for the microwave. (It was either that or the bathroom!) If electrical outlets are critical to your stay, be sure to ask at the front desk if the room being assigned has what you need. If you are seeking a luxury hotel, this is probably not the place for you. The furnishings are older, and you'd have to scrape down several layers to find the original color of the painted surfaces. If you plan on using the kitchens/kitchenettes for other than beverages or simple snacks, know that the basic utensils are not provided. TV stations are limited and pay-per-view movies aren't an option. But the Salisbury is very clean and well-located, at an excellent price, and for us that is just fine. We want to be out enjoying the city!Overall, the Salisbury offered exceptional value and pleasant, comfortable lodging. We will definitely be guests again.	
Apr 6 2008 	Huge Room great location	Booked our flights to New York, then spent two evenings going through Trip Adviser trying to find a hotel. Eventually found the Salisbury, which had great reviews, so went ahead and booked. Booked through Kayak which gave a good price. The hotel is well situated on W57th Street, close to all highlights but quiet enough at night to be able to get a good nights sleep. Talking about sleep - the bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We had a basic room, but lets face it, provided you have a comfy bed and pleasnat room, who needs a big suite. Towels were changed daily and everything was kept very clean. We had a room at the back which was nice and quiet, but I think even the front rooms were ok as well. The continental breakfast left me speechless - should I have a cherry and almond danish, bagel, croissant, muffin !! They don't do a cooked breakfast but everything else made up for that. Staff very friendly. There is a walk in closet, handy for all the clothes shopping you will do!The hair dryer was more powerful than my own at home.Great big flat screen TV with a decent range of channels. (You can't walk around all day and night! Only gripe was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Apparently most rooms do have this but we were obviously the unlucky ones - I should have said to the receptionist and probably they would have sorted it. On last day our Super Shuttle Bus was 35 mins. late to take us to the airport. The receptionist, seeing my husband nearly having a panic attack, immediately contacted them to find out their whereabouts. Great hotel, and location, only one block away fro Central Park and a 10 min. walk to Times Square (and 5 mins to Tifanny!). Would definitely go back to Salisbury.	
Apr 5 2008	Great location Great Value	8 of us travelled 3 adults 3 teenagers 1 12 year old and a 7 year oldBooked 2 suites great location, clean, spacious and staff very friendly and professional.Plenty of space to chill for all parties......I would stay here again.We even made the Baseball game !!DC NorthYorkshire UK	
Apr 1 2008 	Very nice place to stay!! Awesome location!!!	We stayed here for 5 nights, was very impressed! Great location, near everything and not near as pricey as most in NY but with the same amenities. The hotel is a little outdated, you can tell its an older place, but that added to its charm. The beds were too hard for my liking but thats okay. The room was huge by NY standards!!! We loved the space we had. I mean I know we aren't in the rooms much it was nice to have the space when needed.The staff are more than willing to help with anything you may need. VERY CLEAN!!!	
Apr 1 2008 	Always a pleasure...!	This hotel seems to get more and more popular over the years. New York was filled to the brim with shoppers from all over the world, and a walk down Fifth Avenue revealed that business is booming. Having booked a flight'/hotel package with Expedia, I was delighted to be upgraded to a suite ( I have stayed here alot over the years) and as usual it was neat and clean and very comfortable. The rooms here are the older type NYC rooms that have alot of space and high ceilings. Furnishings may be dated, but the beds are comfortable, and the bath has lots of nice supplies. The hotel does not offer alot of services, but the breakfast buffet on the third floor is adequate and they only charge a small service fee of $4.00. There are lots of places to eat nearby, and it is convenient for all the arts. This is a taste of Old Style New York, and long may it flourish.	
Apr 1 2008 	Fab Hotel	This hotel was great. The rooms were huge we had booked a twin room but they upgraded us to a suite when we arrived which was lovely. The hotel was lovely and clean and the staff could not have been more helpful. The location was ideal had subway stations close by and bus stops. Central Park was 5 minutes away and Time Sq 10 mins walk.Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great value location !!	Just spent four days at the Salisbury on W57th Street in New York.Had two three person suites on 7th floor.Very spacious,firm but comfortable beds,good maid service;decor and bathrooms looking a bit tired now but clean and functional.Kitchenette great for tea and coffee making.Hotel is located very close to Carnegie Hall,Central Park and the main line shopping on 5th Avenue.Time Square is a 15 minute walk.Excellent pizza's two doors down at Angelo's and definitely try the burger joint in the Parker Meridien Hotel directly opposite the Salisbury.Expect to queue but worth the wait.Also try the breakfast at the Carnegie Deli but only if your hungry as the portions are big.If you are booking the Salisbury try and book a room at the back of the building which will be quieter.We were on the 7th floor and the noise off 57th Street all night did disrupt the sleep of a couple of our party.Staff at the Salisbury were very friendly and helpful.Long queues for the Statue of Liberty ferry due to the security screening of bags pre boarding so go early or pre book.Natural History Museum definitely worth a visit and if you go shopping at Macey's call in to the customer visitor centre with some photo ID and collect a discount card worth 11% off most purchases.	
Mar 31 2008 	Perfect location	I booked following the reviews that I read here and was not disapointed. We were in NY for tourism and this is the perfect location, very central. I booked a suite and it was big for the price. Breakfast misses a little variety, but the bagels are great! The staff/service is uneven, but I found the right guy and he was very helpful (even got us a cheap limousine service to the airport when I asked for a cab).	
Mar 29 2008 	Salisbury Made Good	I made my reservation with the Salisbury last August for my stay at the end of March. The online reservation system felt a little primitive, but was fairly easy to use and even let me modify my reservation later when I realized I needed fewer days for the conference that I was attending.I arrived at the Salisbury a little after 11 AM on check-in day via SuperShuttle (shared ride, $16/pp from LGA). Upon arrival, I was told that &quot;Expedia overbooked&quot; the hotel. Even though I had booked through the hotel's website, I did not have a room (perhaps because it was not prepaid, like Expedia bookings). The front desk was immediately apologetic, and told me that I would be able to stay there the next two nights, but for that first night, I would be put up in the W Hotel on 49th and Lexington. For my inconvenience, the Salisbury offered my stay at the W for free, as well as free breakfasts for my other two nights and $15 in cash for cab fare (with the promise of more, if needed, with receipts). Now, obviously this was an inconvenience for me (especially given that the Salisbury was closer to my conference than the W), but I thought that the hotel really stepped up to make good on the situation. I had no problems checking in an out at the W (I was given a letter explaining the situation and a phone call had also been made).Upon returning to the Salisbury the next day, I did thankfully have a room, though it was not yet ready at noon. The bellman did take my bags, however, and I went to a Wednesday matinée while waiting. The room was ready when I returned a little after 4. I received the two double beds room that I had booked (sharing with a colleague), though there were no appliances (such as a fridge, microwave, or coffee maker) and the TV was of the tiny, tube variety (no biggie, but I know others have talked about flat panels). The room was fairly large (especially for NY), however, complete with a decent-sized bathroom and a very large, walk-in closet. The beds were rock-hard, which I like, but I know that this isn't for everybody. The room and bathroom were very clean and soap, shampoo, body lotion, mending kit, and a shower cap were included.Continental breakfast is offered on the 3rd floor. A sheet of paper is slid under the door at night which is turned in at breakfast, and the charge is $4/pp. This was a very good breakfast with nice pastries, cereal, juice, coffee, and milk. Considering the prices in NY, I would have showed up each morning even if it weren't comped for me.In terms of service, I was happy with all of the interactions I had with the staff. The front desk people were always helpful, and the bell staff/door men were always helpful.The location of the hotel was great, with Central Park close by in one direction, and Times Square/Theater DIstrict the other way. My conference was in the Hilton and Sheraton Towers, which were only a few blocks away. Times Square was about a 15-20 minute walk (depending on lights and pedestrian traffic). I was never out past midnight, but the sidewalks were usually fairly busy and, post-theater returning to the hotel, I never really worried about safety. There is a drug store across the street and down the block to the left that has decent prices on food and water. In terms of negative, I only ran into a few (besides being bumped). As others have said, the elevators are slow and small, and on the guest floors, they have no indicator as to where the elevator currently is. The hallways on the guest floors (at least on the 7th floor) were had a slightly-seedy appearance. Finally, the water temperature in the shower is a little unreliable, and like in a sitcom, bursts of hot and cold make for a sometimes squeal-worthy experience. In the end, however, the positives outweigh the negatives, and I would not hesitate to book this hotel again.	
Mar 28 2008 	The Salisbury is great!	We secured two rooms and took our college-age daughter and her fiance to NY to see Spamalot and other NY sites during spring break. The rooms were HUGE (for NY), I LOVED the walk-in closets, and the second room we had also included a microwave, coffee pot, and fridge! Everything was very very clean, and our room was in the back -- so no street noise. The continental buffet breakfast on the 3rd floor was wonderful!We were very close to the subway, we walked to Times Square many times -- so it's quite convenient!Negatives? Nothing I couldn't live with; the two elevators are small, and slow as molasses! And I never could figure out how to get my wireless to work on my laptop; It kept telling me to get rid of my firewall, which I wasn't gonna do...This was a great experience, and when we go back next year, we plan to stay there again!	
Mar 23 2008 	Great hotel	The hotel is in a good location - between Carnegie Hall and 5th Avenue, it is only about a 15-20 minute walk from Times Sqaure. 1 block back from Central Park.We stayed for 5 nights and found it a decent hotel. The only problem we had was our room was roadside so we had problems sleeping due to the noise of the traffic - I would recommend to anyone that they ask for a room at the back.Other than the noise the room was great and spacious, when checking in we where told we could order take aways and get them delivered to the room, also a supermarket up the road too if we wanted to take any food/drinks back - there was a fridge/sink/coffee machine in our room.Didn't have any problems with the lifts at all, ok they might have been a little bit slow but no problems.Only had the hotel breakfast once which was 4 dollars each, didnt think much to it as it was only continental i.e. toast, danish pastries, cereal and there wasnt much to choose from. There is a diner 5 mins up the road which does excellent breakfasts and value for money.Hotel has internet service in reception area - just swipe your credit card and go.Hotel staff where friendly all the time. Asked them to arrange a taxi for us when we left as had to leave at 5am - ended up in a full size limo which only cost 60 dollars (£30) between us both.I would definatley stay here again the next time I went to New York and would also recommend it to friends.	
Mar 18 2008	Great Location	Took my daughter to New York for her 16th birthday and stayed at the Salisbury. She loved the hotel because it was older and had a doorman. It was in a great location only two blocks from Central Park. The room was much larger than the other hotel we stayed in near Rockefeller Plaza. The beds were a little hard for my taste. Lots of great places to eat near by. Had deli sandwiches at Carnegie Deli, a must do but be prepared for the cost...$20-$25 for one sandwich. The $4 breakfast at the hotel was such a great deal. Staff was friendly and had no problems with check in. My only complaints were the noise from the street, very loud, even with earplugs in and the shower would go from scaulding hot to freezing without even touching it. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 15 2008	Wonderful	We have to go to NYC periodically for my daughter to see a specialist. I booked this hotel this time because of the reviews here and because I lucked out and paid only $104 per night on expedia. I was not disapointed. It was very clean, quiet and the staff was wonderful. It is in a very pleasant area of the city. I will stay here again!	
Mar 13 2008 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel was great. The room was not a suite but there was plenty of room, including a walk-in closet and microwave and mini-fridge. Flat screen t.v.'s were installed during our stay. The room was cleaned every day. Our room was facing 57th street but we did not find it noisy, too exhausted at night to notice. The hotel itself was very quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. If you stay at this hotel you are just blocks from Times Square, and Central Park. Across the street is a Starbucks and a drugstore/grocery store. Next door is a great pizza restaurant and just 1 block up is Cafe Europia which is great for breakfast. Can't say enough about this hotel, it was a great experience!	
Mar 10 2008 	So much going for this hotel!	There are just not enough good things that I can say about this hotel. We were given a room on the top floor on a corner to the rear of the hotel. Aside from being very quiet due to the location as well as huge (the bathroom was bigger than the smallest bedroom in our house, I'm sure of it), it featured a very comfy new king-sized bed, a double closet and a large plasma screen TV. The room was impeccable and housekeeping did a great job on a daily basis. The staff were friendly, and breakfast though basic was perfect for the $4 you paid per adult. The location is about as perfect as we could have found -- easy access to transport, Central Park, shopping, Carnegie Hall and Times Square. There are a Duane Reade drugstore, a healthy deli, a Starbucks and a great Italian restaurant all within a block. And if you simply must have New York cheesecake for a late snack one night (like we did, we admit it) the best in the City is three blocks away at the Carnegie Deli. I feel compelled to write this review because we had such a great stay, but I really would rather keep this little gem to myself ...	
Mar 8 2008 	Thank you you're just great	Afternoon allWell I've just got home from &quot;another&quot; trip to New York and for the second time I stayed at the SalisburySomewhere hidden amidst the archives to reviews is the review I posted 3 years ago where I said how wonderful this hotel wasWell I've been back and it's exactly the same !!Maybe even a touch better, because we stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and I'm pretty sure those are new sofa beds and we now have plasmas TV (oooooh), still oodles of closet space (cue endless &quot;Hey look, I'm in the closet&quot; jokes)The breakfast buffet may have gone up to $4 but it is more than enough to kick start your day (and where else do you get breakfast for $4??)The doormen are as great as ever (special mention to Phil, Kevin and Samir), if you want it in New York they probably know where to get it better than you can ever get it anywhere else (hmm might have overdone that one)Oooh and now they have 2 pc's in the lobby where 15 minutes of internet access costs you $4.95So thank you again to everybody at the Salisbury, I had an amazing time at your hotelI'll, no doubt, see you again soon(I've attached a picture of the suite because that's how impressed I was with it)	
Mar 6 2008	Salisbury Hotel 57th Street NYC	We visited Manhatten between 19th &amp; 24th February 2008, we stayed at the Salisbury Hotel in a large family room on the 15th Floor.We found the hotel extremely clean with excellent service in all areas. The staff went out of their way to assist us when required. The breakfast was a really good deal at $4 per head and started the day off well. No delays were experienced with the lifts that caused concern as we'd seen noted.Would have no hesitation in recomending the Salisbury, it's in a really convenient location for upper midtown and near all transport links if you don't want to walk.We had a fantastic time in New York!	
Mar 3 2008 	Loved the Salisbury!	We just got back from New York and we stayed at the Salisbury. We had a very good experience and I would stay there again.The location was GREAT! Near so many things. We walked almost everywhere we wanted to go. Really nice pizza/Italian restaurant next door (Angelo's) that had great pizza, salads and was reasonably priced.The staff at the Salisbury was very friendly (I think the man at the front desk was Compton?). We asked if we could check in early (check in is at 2pm) and we were able to get into our room at 11am! We stayed in a king suite (room 1118). It was HUGE! There was a smaller entry room that had a table w/2 chairs and also a fridge, sink and microwave. That was great for us since we traveled with a child. Duane Reade drugstore is across the street, so we were able to buy milk, some sodas, etc and could keep them in the fridge.The sitting room was large and had a big, flat screen tv, a fold-out sofa bed, desk and a number of chairs. Also a big closet. The sofa bed was pretty comfortable.The bedroom was a nice size and the bathroom looked like it had been recently re-tiled. Another big closet. The bed was nice and firm and we got a good night's sleep. Being an older hotel, it must have thick walls- we heard no one...almost like we were the only ones there! We were on the backside of the building so we did not have any of the traffic noise someone else mentioned...but even so...you're in New York, after all :)The furniture all seemed new and the place was impeccably clean.The hotel offered a $4 continental breakfast. It was not anything fancy but well worth the $4. They had bagels, donuts, croissants, toast, cereal, milk, coffee, tea, fruit cocktail and 3 kinds of juices. A good, quick, basic breakfast.Our room was very hot at night (no indidual heat controls- they were radiators) but there were window air conditioners- so we just turned it on to cool things off. That seemed to do the trick. We could have opened windows BUT there were no screens or bars or anything, and being on the 11th floor, it was far too dangerous for us to do with a small child present. I would DEFINITELY stay there again. I've stayed at the Hilton on 53rd and I like the Salisbury better- it is a little more old fashioned and personal. We had a great experience, and you'd have a difficult time finding a hotel for that price, that size, that location and with the nice little kitchenette. It's a great value for the dollar.	
Mar 2 2008 	Excellent value and location	Booked this hotel based on the large number of positive reviews. This is not a deluxe hotel and does not pretend to be. The rooms are well equipped and large for NYC standards for the price. We had two double beds and a walk in closset. There was a large flat screen tv and the bathroom was spotless wnd well equipped with toileteries. All the furnishings and linens were spotless and the rooms were serviced promptly every day. We had room 1500 and had no complaints. The one slight problem is the elevators there are only 2 and they are very busy at peak times but this is a small problem compared to the great advantage of the location and quality of the room.The guys on the door were very helpful and the subway 2 munutes away, numerous bars restaurants and diners are on hand.We will go back - no problem.	
Mar 2 2008 	Location location location!	Location, Location, Location!!!!!!!!! Everything is at the doorstep of The Salisbury. Booked this through Thomas Cook at an absolute bargain price and felt sure we would end up in a hovel.However, we were thrilled with the salisbury, from the very friendly staff, to the cleanliness of the hotel. Ok, it's an old building, and a bit tired and outdated, but weigh this against new, firm and very comfy mattresses and fabulous water pressure and there is no contest. Also. the breakfast every morning set us up for the day and we did'nt even have to pay for that as Thomas Cook through in free breakfast as well. Planning a return trip same time next year and Thomas Cook are doing it for the same price! Happy days! Would recommend the salisbury to everyone. Remember, you are in new york city. How much time do you plan to stay in your hotel room? Not long, I promise you.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great location good people and the price is fabulous	I stayed one night on business and since I got in early the only available room was a suite. Free upgrades are great. This suite was bigger than most apartments. 2 full rooms with a microwave, king size bed and huge plasma.The place is old but well kept up and the employees couldn't be nicer.I have two complaints. The huge plasma doesn't do much if all you get is basic cable. No movies and not even MSNBC.The Internet access is wifi for $9.95/24 hours from Natural Wireless and I couldn't stay on for longer than 3 minutes. I finally gave up and tried their toll free number but of course I never got through.This hotel is great, in an awesome location as long as Internet access is not critical.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good Place to Stay in New York	It was hard to rate this hotel. It is a great hotel, but it has its quirks. First of all, the location is excellent. We walked everywhere except to the Statue of Liberty ferry. Even then, the subway was ½ a block away. Times Square is very easy to get to as is 30 Rock. Fifth Avenue is just a couple of blocks away. Central Park is just a block away. There were many restaurants within blocks of the Salisbury.My husband and I and our three teenagers shared a one bedroom suite. At most other hotels we would have had to get two rooms, so the Salisbury was very economical for us. The beds seemed very hard, but were actually quite comfortable to sleep on. The mattresses appeared to be new. They still had the tags on them. The carpet appeared to be fairly new also. I did not think the furniture was that out of date. The online photos are pretty accurate. After all our walking, we would return in the afternoon for an hour or so. It was nice to have a sofa and chairs to sit on. There was also a desk and a table with four chairs. Someone complained about the hallways being scary. I did not notice this at all. They seemed fine to me. The bad points were that the room had been painted many times and the woodwork was peeling a little. The bathroom was super clean, but had not been updated since the eighties. There was great water pressure with lots of hot water. The towels and toiletries were very nice. The sofa bed was not good. I did not call the front desk on this one, because the kids just rotated beds. The traffic noise was loud. We were right on 57th street. We did enjoy people watching from the windows during the day. If quiet is important to you, definitely ask for a room off the street. 57th street is pretty busy. However, we were so tired at night, it did not bother us. The elevators were a little slow, but not a huge issue. I read that the Salisbury is one of the few independent hotels left in NYC. I think we got a genuine New York feel from staying in the room. We loved the breakfast. It was $4 per person (with tax). After one day of New York prices and with three teenagers, it seemed like a steal. The bagels and pastries were really, really fresh. Occasionally there was a bowl of fresh cut fruit. Coffee, tea, OJ, apple juice, milk, and cranberry juice were always available. There was also Raison Bran and Corn Flakes. There were also different breads and toasters. We also recommend Angelo’s, an Italian restaurant, which is two doors down. We ate there twice. The pizza, salads, and pastas were all very good and pretty reasonably priced.The maids were great at getting us extra towels. When we were leaving, the two people behind the front desk and the doorman treated us like we were their only guests. I am not sure we would have gotten such service at a chain hotel.I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 26 2008 	Perfect For Our Needs	My two sisters, one niece, and I stayed in the one bedroom suite (two double beds &amp; a fold-out sofa in the living area). The living room of the suite was huge &amp; the bedroom was pretty big as well. We stayed four nights and paid just under $300/night for the room. It was a deal! Lots of room for all our stuff, a fridge, microwave, coffee pot, two tv's...evertything we needed. And very, very clean. Only drawbacks: beds were VERY hard (but we were so tired at the end of each day we really didn't care), bathroom was super small (but very clean), there's no hotel bar/restaurant (but plenty of options in the area), and the furniture was a bit dated. Overall a fantastic stay. Definitely going back to the Salisbury.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great hotel and location	The Salisbury Hotel is somewhere I would - and have - recommended to my friends and relatives. Myself and 2 friends had a huge room and took turns to sleep in the sofabed because we actually found it just as, if not more comfortable than the beds!! Breakfast on 3rd floor was lovely and quite a varied choice - it certainly set us up for the day - at $4 each!! Couldn't beat it. The location of the hotel is literally a block from Central Park! Carnegie Hall is across the road, subway at the end of our block! Tiffany's 10 mins walk! Please consider this hotel for your stay - I highly recommend it.	
Feb 25 2008 	6 years running and still great!!!	I have stayed at the Salisbury with my family for the last 6 years and due to go back again this December, and its great!! We even tried to Hilton Towers 1 year and that was awful!!The Salisbury is great for its location, cost, massive rooms, and brilliant staff!There are a few bad reviews on here but its not at all bad!So close to EVERYTHING!! Huge rooms, we always get a suite because there are four of us, and there are very few hotels in New York that offer a suite, and with this hotels location, this just makes it the only place to stay!I agree with everyone that the decors a little dated, but how long do you plan on staying in the hotel while visiting the greatest city in the world?!?! Beds are comfortable and always got a great nights sleep. Expecially as it was early mornings and late nights. We have always had a street view room, and although you do hear the traffic through the night, its all part of being in the city, and i actually missed it when i got home!There are loads of complaints about the lifts...why???? who cant wait 5 mins for a lift?? and why these people dont just do the stairs i'll never know, even if you were on the top floor the stairs wouldnt kill you! Good bit of exercise too. Although we have visited New York on a few occaions we always see the sights. Which are always great. Went to the top of the rock for the first time this year, and its much better than the Empire State. The queues at the Empire are rediculous!! woudlnt even bother. You can buy &quot;queue jump&quot; tickets from outside, this will only get you in the building, you will still have to queue when you get inside, and the queue is not small!!! and they try to sell you EVERYTHING while your queuing, this is very irritating!!All the same New York is fantastic and so is the Salisbury!	
Feb 22 2008 	Great sized rooms!	We thought the Salisbury was great for a group of people / family.We had a one bed suite which consisted of a large living room/ kitchenette(fridge, microwave, sink) /dining room, with double sofa bed, and a bed room with 2 double beds. There were 4 walk in wardrobes so plenty of space for everybody and all three had their own bed.. The rooms were very clean and furniture was in very good condition, however decor was old as was plumbing. If you want hi tech and a power shower this is not the place for you. Beds were a bit hard but everyone was so tired there were no complaints.The location is good, close to central park , and we had the breakfast on a couple of days - very basic but worth $4.Staff were generally helpful - came out and took our bags from taxi ( In Waldorf Astoria we struggled up steps with them) and when I had a problem with the TV controller they sent an engineer up straight away.Suited myself and daughters and would recommend for groups of friends or families. Very good value for money and a lot of space for your money in New York.	
Feb 22 2008 	Excellent value in midtown!	My 5 night stay at the Salisbury was excellent all around. What will you find at the Salisbury?* Much bigger rooms than average in NYC. This room was relatively huge, walk-in closets, room for two reading chairs, a desk, and small kitchenette.* Extremely reasonable prices. Some of my weekday nights were $140 US.* Well kept if a bit dated rooms.* Awesome central location. The theatres, Central Park, Museums, and subway are all right there.Won't you won't find? * Nouveau furnishings and infused bottled water on your pillow. The Salisbury is a NY apartment-like experience: made for living in, not celebrating your high school graduation.* An exciting bar/restaurant in the lobby. This isn't the Hudson or Crowne where people come to hang out even if they aren't staying there.* A speedy elevator.* Free wifi. This was my biggest gripe with the hotel. Honestly, free wifi is becoming standard. $35 for 5 days isn't bad but it's quickly going to become unreasonable.You may consider getting an even numbered room which will put you on the inside of the hotel. Even on the 15th floor the noise starts up pretty early. They do provide nice thick semi-sound proof curtains in the rooms.They offer a well-priced breakfast, i.e. $4/adult, but I was never able to get there in time. The times I tried the line was pretty long to be seated.If you want a reasonable, comfortable, yet still central room while in the City, the Salisbury is for you.	
Feb 21 2008 	Old but clean and good location	This is an older hotel, but it was clean and the one bedroom suite was very spacious. We were 3 adults and asked for 2 double beds and a pull out bed in the living room. One suggestion I would make is that if you can't stand traffic noise, ask for a room NOT facing the front of the hotel (57th street). There was a lot of storage space, a TV in the bedroom and a TV in the living room. The TV reception is not that great. You will need to bring utensils and dishes if you want to buy your own food. There is a fridge and microwave, but no stove. The hotel was generous with extra towels if you asked. The location is very good and we walked to all Broadway shows, the NBC Studios, Rockefeller (sp?) centre. Times Square is a 15 minute stroll away. Carnegie Hall is right across the street and one of the entrances to Central Park was a block away. There is a subway entrance also about one block away. We got a decent rate through Expedia , but we wanted to spend an extra night and was charged the regular rate (about $300 with taxes included). We could not get a deal through Expedia for that extra night because we decided too late. The $4.00 breakfast is okay and is mostly comprised of doughnuts, cereal, bread, croissants, coffee, tea, juice. No eggs, meat, yoghurt, or fruit.	
