Nov 22 2009 	The best hotel service I've had in a while	I visited New York with my sister and booked at this hotel because of its price and location. The really great surprise was its staff and service. My sister is disabled and so we needed a hotel that had a ramp for the hotel entrance. But prior to the trip she had taken a downturn so she also needed to be able to use a scooter in the room itself. We live in different cities so I didn't even realize until we arrived together at the hotel what a problem that was going to be. The rooms at the Comfort Inn are average for New York, which means they are perfectly fine for one or two people, but not for maneuvering around in a scooter. When I realized the room I had booked wouldn't work I just kind of fell apart, I assumed the whole trip was going to be a disaster. But the Comfort Inn staff turned that all arround. They managed to upgrade us into a suite and, while that itself was a complete shock, what was even more amazing is that they made the change and moved our luggage, and put up with all our trouble, with incredible cheerfullness and good humor which continued, unabated, through the entire four nights of our stay. They always had time to give us directions and information and help in or out of the hotel. It was like staying with family. I should point out that the hotel does NOT advertise itself as accessible, it was my mistake to assume that my sister would only require a ramp (when she really required an accessible room as well). But Comfort Inn managed to make everything right. I can't tell you how grateful I was, and what a difference it made to our trip.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very pleasant accomodations	This was my first experience at this hotel. Quite frankly very happy, with price and location. Rooms were nice, a good bit above basic. The room was clean and not as small as I had anticipated. The bed was very comfortable with a nice mattress and plenty of pillows .Bathroom was clean and of an adequate size. The safe and refrigerator was an unexpected addition. The complimentary breakfast had more than most. I would recommend this property. And will definitely stay here in the future.	
Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable	This hotel is in the heart of it all in the Chelsea, Flatiron area of NYC, but it is on a quiet side street, so you can get away from it all. My relatives stopped by before we went out, and they live on a noisy NYC street. They made the claim that they couldn't sleep in our room because it was too quiet!I used frequent stay points for 3 nights for Halloween and the NYC Marathon, and I was given the top floor (11th floor) in the back (quieter than street noise). The room is bigger than any other NYC room I have ever had, and there was plenty of room for both of us to walk around and live comfortably for the 4 days, 3 nights. The room I got has a seating area with a full-sized pullout couch, a small closet, refrigerator, coffee maker, safe, desk, ironing board and iron. In the sleeping portion had 2 double beds, a night stand and cable TV. The beds had good sheets and were comfortable for me. The bathroom is small, but it has a full sized tub and shower. There was plenty of soap, shampoo, conditioner, and moisturizer for us, and 4 sets of towels. The windows open in the bathroom and bedroom in this hotel, so it was nice to get air in the room, and air out the bathroom after a shower. There is free wifi in the room, and there is an hardwire internet cord if you don't have wifi on your computer. There is a business center on the 1st floor, and there is a minimum $3 charge to use the computer and printer (we printed out tickets to the Empire State Bld). There is only one ice vending machine on the 1st floor. There are 2 well maintained elevators in the building, but they are slow, so going and getting ice from the 11th floor took a while. So, as we were going out for the evening, I took the ice bucket plastic bag in my purse. When we got back for the evening, I got ice from the ice machine on the 1st floor in the plastic bag to save me a trip back and forth on the slow elevators. There is vending on the 1st floor for soft drinks and snacks. Conveniently, there is a CVS at the end of the street if you need anything CVS carries. There is also a &quot;Greek Deli&quot; convenience market almost across the street from the CVS, so if you want any type of snack, soft drink, fruit, prepared &quot;Greek Deli&quot; foods 24 hrs/day, there you go. There is also a Chinese takeout place next to the lobby of the Comfort Inn. I don't know if it is good or not, but it is convenient. There is free breakfast at this hotel which includes breads, hard boiled eggs, cereal, juice, milk and donuts. The breakfast room looks like it used to be a bar before the building became a Comfort Inn. There is also a small but efficient and free workout room with a treadmill and 2 other cardio machines, and a bottled water. The street this hotel is on is quiet, and not a main road where taxis drive, and our stay was very quiet! Along the street are some well established antique stores. On weekends, across the street in a parking lot, is NYC style flea market that has been there since the 1980s (or as long as we have known about it), and the trinkets, gifts, antiques, carvings, art, jewelry, jade, records, etc are well worth taking a look at on your way in and out of the hotel on Saturday or Sunday afternoons. Down at opposite end of the street from the CVS is Madison Square Park (where the original Madison Square Arena used to be). It appears for the month of October is a street fair with food vendors, and artisan shop vendors. There were crepes, beer, wine, frites, bbq, apple dumplings, Belgian waffles, and other tasty treats that were so good! The shop vendors had hand and artisan made jewelry, craft toys, hand bags, dolls, clothing, home decor and a lot of other craft goods. After Nov 1st they all were moving to Union Square for the holiday shopping time. Because we were there on Halloween, the Halloween Parade came down 6th Ave and ended about 2 blocks away from the hotel. Surprisingly, we heard no noise from the parade at all, inside the hotel! It was fun to people watch along the parade route, and it was almost better than N.O. during Mardi Gras. We were also there on Nov 1st, All Saints Day, and down 6th Ave again was this long street fair with fair food vendors and lots of trinket booths for as far as we could see! It was great fun!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location - small but quiet room	One mistake I found from previous reviews - this hotel is not across from Chelsea Market. It is 1/2 block from Madison Square Park, with its temporary market and great Shake Shack.We were on the 4th floor, no view and very small but well appointed room. Very clean and updated bathroom. Could hear no outside or hall noise. The complimentary breakfast was typical Comfort Inn fare, but there was fresh fruit. Seemed like there were many European visitors. We left our bags there before and after checkout with no problem, The subway was around the corner, so we were close to all attractions.We saw West Side Storey - great show. Our trip to the Lower East Side Tenement Museum was terrific.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not 4 Star But Everything We Needed.	When you book, remember this is not a lavish property. We were out from 6am until at least 10pm every day, we always had hot water, clean towels (and plenty of them), the beds were extremely comfortable, and there was no noise at all (I usually stay in midtown, and have never had a quiet room). The hotel was booked solid, but we only saw one other person one time. The front desk staff was courteous. We were able to leave our luggage early on the day we checked in and late on the day we left. They didn't charge for it, we tipped the maintenance guy who took/brought our bags.The rooms are much smaller than the pictures on their website, but we didn't care. The fridge worked great (very unusual to even have a fridge in NYC) for us, as we always bring food from wherever. For you 'hanger counters' there were 8 wooden with the attached hooks, 4 had clips for pants or skirts. The Comfort Inn shampoo and soaps are standard, and I have very sensitive skin, but used them with no issues. You know what you are going to get. The free breakfast is continental, but we never had it as we were out exploring the city. There is a chinese restaurant directly next door, but we had such a long list of places to go, we never went there either.There were a few issues when we arrived, but they took care of them, including bringing us extra towels, even though I offered to bring them up myself, and from that time on, housekeeping left us the same number.The F Subway is round the corner, and a few blocks more to the 1, C, E. The Flatiron building is the other way (2 blocks) and the Chelsea Market is across the street. On Sunday it was fun to go into all the &quot;garage sales&quot; and flea markets on 25th street.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location	Located just south of Midtown this is ideally placed to visit the shopping and attractions of uptown or the nightlife of downtown. Room was very small but the bed was massive so thats all that really mattered. The lift was incredibly slow and there was a musty smell in most corridors but I wouldn't let that put me off what was a good price for the location.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Basic Hotel; Nice location and area	We stayed in a room with two single beds. Room is small and you trip over each other, but it was fine. Fridge, TV, coffee, iron/ironing board, small safe where you set the code (the safe was big enough to store my Netbook), bathroom was fine, too. Clean. WI-Fi worked really well. Bed seemed small, but it was comfortable. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel itself seemed dated and old - the elevators are tiny and slow! The hotel is a maze of hallways, so don't get lost. You can really get turned around and not sure of where you are. The breakfast is meager, but okay. The best thing about this hotel is the location - halfway between lower manhattan and Central Park. Easy to get to nearby subway stop and surrounding area felt safe. Not too many eateries in the nearest 2-3 blocks, but go just a big farther any direction and there are tons of options.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great value for New York City	We stayed here for two nights, and it was very clean, updated, and comfortable. We got a room on the 4th floor, and it was completely quiet---hard to believe we were in NYC. The room was small, but hey, it's New York. The small safe allowed us to set our own code, a nice feature. There was also a small fridge. Overall, a great value.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good value - Decent Location	Our teens were first-timers in NYC and this hotel was pretty central to things we wanted to do. Rooms and bathrooms were clean and comfortable. Breakfast was OK. Staff was helpful if a bit indifferent. We had two rooms on 3rd and 4th floor, both with double double and pull-out sofa. If you wanted to squish in, you could get 5 people in one room. Paid about $220/room/night.	
Jun 25 2009 	convenient to buses and subwayhelpful staff	Good sized room for NYC-beautiful view of the Empire State Building from room 604. It was very nice to have a fridge and coffee maker in our room-breakfast gave a good start to the day and served until 10:00am if you needed to sleep in. Bus to uptown Manhattan a block away and subway station around the corner near Madison Square Park and Flatiron Building. Safe neighbourhood for walking and great food at Cafe 28!!! (3 blocks away)	
Jun 23 2009 	Good value for a family room	We stayed one weekend at the Comfort Inn Chelsea with three adults andtwo children in thier Family Suite. It was two connected rooms. One room was two double beds, closet bureau and TV. The other had one double bed, the shared bathroom and bed furniture. For the price (online AAA rate of 333 inclusive of all charges) it was great. Quick and easy continental breakfast on the way out the door in the morning. short walk to a well connected subway station. We walked with our luggage to and from Penn Station in about 15-20 minutes. There are restuarants of all types nearby, good italian place for dinner that accepted kids on 21st, mexican, deli, subway, barbque joint on next block etc. Near a park to get some fresh air in the morning. Room was clean, staff was friendly and we were happy. We didn't expect luxury and it was not needed with trying to get the family a quick weekend away but it was just what we needed. And if you are into such things, Jay-Z's 40/40 club is on the same block. Free internet as well	
May 20 2009 	A good base to explore NYC	If you are staying in NYC but are only using your hotel as a base to explore the city, then this place is perfect! It is cheap, clean and in a very good location.Otherwise, if you are here with a significant other or for a special occasion, i'd definitely stay elsewhere.	
Apr 15 2009 	Hotel only ok Staff not ok!	Location: The hotels location wasn't terrible but if you want to be up near Times Square, this is not the location for you. It's within walking distance to the Empire State building, Madison Square Gardens and Manhattan Mall. It is right beside the Flatiron Building. You can walk to Times Square but it's not very close. We chose it as it seemed to be fairly central to everything.The hotel is quite small in size. Our room was fine but tiny. We were given a room with a king size bed, which was nice. It was clean and comfortable, which was what we aimed for. It had a nice en-suite but the bed seemed to take up the whole room, we had little room left to put our bags.The breakfast wasn't great at all. Very little variety and the room again was small, so if there was a lot of guests down for breakfast, you had no where to sit.My biggest problem was the staff. I found the majority of staff to be very rude. For our entire stay, the majority of staff completely ignored me and only spoke to my boyfriend, beginning at checking in, where the booking was in my name, not my boyfriends, so I was the one they were dealing with, all during our stay, so for example if we walked in I would say 'Hello' or 'Good Moring' etc., they completely ignored me and only ever spoke to my boyfriend who hadn't even spoken to them, saying 'Good Morning Sir', right until the end, which again was me checking out!This might sound petty but it annoyed me enough to ruin our whole stay. I wouldn't recommend this hotel, for the price you could most likely get a nicer hotel nearer the action. It costs nothing to be polite, especially if you choose to be in the hospitality industry!	
Feb 20 2009 	Walking distance to much of the city	We had a great visit - centrally located, subway around the corner. Breakfast and coffee included in cost. Very reasonably priced. Room was comfortable and very clean. We would stay here again. Our kids rented bikes at a nearby bike shop (yes in February we were lucky to be there on a warm weekend) and rode to Central Park and back. The older folks took the subway. Whole Foods was a few blocks away. Staff helpful and friendly.	
Jan 6 2009 	My 40th Bday in the Big Apple	We chose Comfort Inn Chelsea, based on location mainly as the rate seems to be an average rate but here you get free wifi and breakfast in the price. We were on the 4th floor and were lucky to get a front facing room which had a fabulous view of the Empire State. Clean room with a king size bed, fresh towels and beds made every day. The self service breakfast is a disappoinment but sufficient to get you on your way till you find something outside.Ask for a list of directions from the reception- top 10 places to see, with easy tube or walking directions! Turn right out of the main door, walk to the end of the street and and you are onto Broadway, turn right again and two blocks down and you will see the 23rd street tube station. if you turn left at Broadway and a good 10 minute walk gets you to Times square. Turn left at the Hotel door and you walk onto 6th Avenue.There is Pennys, Cinema, Domino Pizza all within 5 mins walking of the Hotel, get directiosn from reception.We had a fab time, Manhatten lived upto my expectations...we did a helicopter trip and Horse carriage ride round Central park on my Bday...get an Explorer pass for 3,5 or 7 excursions you will save at least 2/3rds on the cost if bought seperately.... Century 21 (near Ground Zero, similar to TKmaxx but with bigger brand names) or a day trip to an Outlet is where you will get the bargains.Reduced Theatre tickets for the same day at Times Square, Views on top of the Rockerfellor Plaza and Empire State a must...have a fab time...wish I was going again....	
Dec 24 2008 	Not bad on a Budget	I had a quick in-and-out into New York for a conference this December. I needed an economical place to stay and came across this place online. For $169 a night, it was a decent place to stay. The rooms are small and the building is old - thus, the heating and bathrooms were an issue. I got into my room and the temperature in the room was just slightly above the cold temperatures outside. I had to keep the window heater on high all night. The bathroom never did warm up - but as mentioned above - if your looking for a cheap, clean room in a good location - this is the place.	
Nov 28 2008 	Thank you for your kind welcome!!	On November 14 we landed at JFK, we took a taxi to 115 w 40 street (Manhattan - NYC) and we discovered that the apartment we had rented through graigslist.org did not exist!!Our taxi driver was very kind and patient and brought us to Comfort Inn Chelsea. Michael, the kind guy at the reception desk, was very helpful and, after having listened to our bad story, gave us a nice suite at a quite good rate. After two days we decided to spend all our holiday at the Comfort Inn. It is very well located, it has very comfortable beds and its breakfast buffet is simple but quite good. We would like just to give you two suggestions: 1) windows did not close very well in our rooms, therefore it became quite chilly at night and noisy early morning. 2) If guests stay more than a week, sheets should be changed at least once. Thanks again for your kindness! We hope to come back in the near future!! The six Italians	
Sep 27 2008 	A Pleasant Surprise	I have stayed in several Manhattan hotels over the past year. The Comfort Inn in Chelsea was very nice, especially for its price range, and goes on the list of places I'd be happy to return to if my favorites are not available for a reasonable price. Pleasant, efficient staff; not over-the-top, but the hotel posts its &quot;Satisfaction Guarantee&quot; at the front desk and the staff seems to be well-oriented in customer service. Good-sized room. I should mention that, while I was in NYC, the UN General Assembly was meeting, as were two other huge conferences, attracting heads of state from around the world to the miserably-gridlocked city and, other than the room I got (and it was the last room available at this hotel) there were virtually no other hotel rooms to be found in Manhattan for under $400, starting about three weeks before I arrived. The only room I could get here was an oddly-proportioned one with three twin beds. It was an unusual arrangement, especially for one person, but the beds were reasonably comfortable, pillows were OK, the room was very clean (even under the beds), there was free (albeit slow) wireless internet in the room, a free continental breakfast buffet in a room off the lobby (standard Comfort Inn breakfast -- waffle maker, whole fruit, hard-boiled egg, cold cereal, instant Quaker oatmeal, toast, juice, etc.), and a refrigerator in the room (I always prefer a refrigerator to an over-priced mini-bar). The bathroom was tiny, but had a toilet, sink, and shower stall, and standard Comfort Inn toiletries. The hotel is about 10 blocks south and two blocks east of Penn Station (easy walk) and two blocks east of a Whole Foods supermarket (from which to stock the refrigerator in the room). The nearest subway stop is two blocks south of the hotel. Plenty of restaurants all around. There was some street noise at night, but it is NYC. All in all, I found it to be a good hotel to know about.	
Aug 31 2008 	Decent NYC room at a good price	The Comfort Inn Chelsea is one of the handful of hotels in NYC where you can get a nice, clean, centrally-located room with a decent bed and not spend a giant wad of money. I stayed there in August 2008 during the height of the tourist season for $225 + tax and I've regularly booked sub $200 rooms on off-peak nights. It's walking distance to Penn Station to good restaurants and bars. I'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Hotel in a Quiet Area	My mam and dad booked our family (5 total) into the Comfort Inn Chelsea, Manhattan last October as they were celebrating their 25th Anniversary. Every one of us agreed that the Comfort Inn is exactly what you need in New York. It is close to the Subway, walking distance to Times Square, near good restaurants and stores. YET.....it is on a quiet street so you are not assaulted with the noise of the hussle and bustle of New York. Perfect. The Breakfast served was less then impressive but I am sure it is the standard of other hotels. Our toilet did overflow once but it was soon corrected by a maintenance guy who came up very fast. Our room was a family room with Two Double Beds in one room and it was connected to a room with a Double bed and the toilet...It was clean and functional. Overall for anyone going to New York, Comfort Inn Chelsea is the place to stay. Enjoy!	
Jul 6 2008 	Good deal for NYC	I stayed here on a trip with family. My parents had been to this hotel once and liked it enough to return. It beat everything around it cost-wise by far. It was conveniently located for us in the middle of Chelsea where we were attending an art exhibit opening. We were easlily able to walk to subway entrances to get to places outside Chelsea. Not being from New York City, but rather the more spacious southen half of the US., I was not used to such a tiny- and I do mean tiny room. But, I understand this is the ropes in NYC. Anything larger would have cost much more. The room was clean and four adults managed in the space. We had to laugh as we stratigically placed luggage and announced to each other to clear a pathbefore trying to walk around the room. The bathroom was nicely tiled and clean. The lobby was very nice- again, small, but nice- and the staff friendly. The breakfast was your usual fair, set up in a decent dining area/bar off the lobby. We chose to eat out a great Greek cafe around the corner the second day- liked it so much we ate dinner there too. There were several bars/restaurants nearby to choose from for a drink at night also and it felt safe walking around the area at night. If you are on a budget and want cleanliness and convienience in the heart of Chelsea- this is a good choice.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Find	Stayed here for a short weekend trip to the City. Room was clean and comfortable. The room was small, but that is typical for NYC. Lowest price I could find for staying in the City. Staff was exceptional. Very Friendly - Check in was a breeze. Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great place to sleep	You know how people say a hotel in NYC - 'It's just a place to sleep'? That's what this is. But you can get a surprisingly good sleep here. The beds are comfortable and the pillows amazing. I was tempted to try to put one in my suitcase (But of course I didn't). The room was tiny: if you left shoes out you were likely to trip over them; but it was clean and - as mentioned - the bed and pillows were great. Family in a two bed room had the same experience. Also, the bathroom, again, while small, seemed to have been recently remodeled. If only the towels were as sensational as the pillows. We had a king room on the second floor and while it was a nonsmoking room &amp; hotel, there were ashtrays in the room and one night the smell of cigarettes was kind of intense. Our room had a window on an air shaft with an ac in the window so it could not be opened. The breakfast was fine and served in the ironically named (windowless) 'sunshine room'. We couldn't get onto the wifi, but there was a plug in for the computer that worked fine. The location near the flatiron bldg was central and near a decent shopping area. It was by JayZee's 40/40 club (per my teenage nephew) so we could admire the Escalades parked there. Some staff seemed indifferent but Michael at the desk and the gentleman who stored our bags after check out - a great and free feature - were most gracious and helpful. The small lobby was surprisingly comfortable. We booked late so paid way too much, but if you can get a reasonable price, it is an ok place to stay - because you really only need a place to sleep. And did I mention the pillows?	
Apr 17 2008	A Huge Surprise	My recent stay at the Comfort Inn Chelsea was a huge surprise. I arrived early on the day on my check-in (12 PM) and asked if a room was available. They placed me in room 303 which actually turned out to be a two room suite. It was the largest hotel room I have ever had in NYC. I opened up my curtains and had a great view of the Empire State Building. My room was clean, spacious, and quiet and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The elevator wasn't great but most of the time I walked the three floors to my room.The conference I was attending was at 36th and Broadway, an easy 11 block walk. I was initially concerned about making the walk during the evenings but that was no problem even at 10 PM as many people were walking the streets.	
Apr 8 2008 	Good NYC Choice	By New York standards, this hotel is a great deal. The location is very good, especially for someone who wants to be near the Village, Union Square or, as the name implies, Chelsea. It's even convenient to other parts of town as subways are right nearby.The hotel is clean and modern. The staff are relatively courteous and efficient. Yes, the rooms are small but in NY, so are most hotel rooms that go for less than $400 a night.The free wireless internet worked well and the free breakfast won't win any culinary awards, but it was fine.	
Apr 8 2008 	Not bad for Manhattan	When we first arrived, the exasperated staff gave us a very shabby and cramped room that reeked of cigarettes, with a step-up bathroom and a window looking out onto a garbage-strewn and barbed wire-filled lot. Granted, it was only $200 a night in Manhattan, but still. So we asked for another room, and despite the staff's protests, they gave us a rather nice room, up a few stories, bright, clean and not stinky. This room was definitely worth the money, and we enjoyed our stay quite a bit. The breakfast was non-descript, but the location is very good. Just a couple blocks from the Flatiron Building and the subway entrance, and a nice stroll into Midtown.	
Feb 16 2008	Well-situated friendly hotel	Just back from NY and four nights in the Chelsea Comfort Inn. This hotel is very dependable - clean, comfortable and friendly. Location is great: an easy walk to Union Square or to Herald Square &amp; Macy's. The 23rd St Subway station is very handy - at the bottom of the Flatiron building. The heaters/air conditioners in the rooms are very old-fashioned and noisy - they'll have to be turned off as you go to sleep. One other problem - the noise from Jay-Z and Beyonce's 40/40 club up the road on a Saturday night. Aargh! Hopefully that night was just a one-off. I liked the hotel and would return.	
Jan 24 2008 	Like Sleeping In A Shoe Box	Truly the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is smaller than those found in travel trailers and requires a dangerous step up on a narrow tread. The advertised refrigerator is actually a cooler that will not keep milk cold. Even the toilet is a small round type barely large enough to perform its function with a slow refill rate. The window looks out onto a brick wall. The rugs were last replaced in 1985. The hall corridors are not wide enough for two children to pass each other side by side. The bed was comfortable and the in-room internet connection does work as does the television in every other room that you can hear through the walls. I thought I found a downtown bargain at $159 but I will gladly stay somewhere else for more money my next trip.	
Dec 7 2007	Good choice in Manhattan	I have stayed at the Comfort Inn Chelsea three times in the last few months. One thing to remember is that hotel prices in Manhattan are always high relative to comparable properties most anywhere else in the US and also vary drastically on a seasonal basis. For instance, I just checked prices for a trip in January, and the rate here - and elsewhere - is at least $100 less per night than it was in October. This hotel is generally a very good option at the lower end of a price range that will still provide for lodging that is safe, clean and conveniently located in the city. Beyond price, I've found the desk staff to be accomodating, and the housekeeping and maintenance staff to be very pleasant and efficient. My rooms have varied in size from very small to comparable to an average hotel room elsewhere. All the rooms have been clean and well equipped, and I have always felt safe. Free wired and wireless internet is a plus, as is the free breakfast. There is a lovely park just about a block away, and many restaurants and shops of all types and all prices within the surrounding neighborhood. The subway is very close, too.	
Nov 7 2007 	Ok stay -- if the price was in line w/ amenities/rooms it'd be great.	I stayed for two nights in room 702 at the Chelsea Comfort Inn in November. I have to admit, this hotel was not my first choice, but the NYC Marathon was taking place the same weekend I needed to be in the city for business, so I had to take what I could get. After reading mixed reviews on this site, I was hoping for the best but expecting the worst. The hotel is a bit shabby around the edges – the common areas and rooms themselves could do with small maintenance upgrades that would improve the aesthetics all around. Some fresh paint on luggage-scuffed molding and cleaned-up sticky tables in the bar/breakfast/coffee area would make a rough-around-the edges hotel much more welcoming. Having said that, my room was comfortable and clean. Since the only room left in all of NYC for marathon weekend was #702, with three single beds for one person, it was sort of comical that I had my choice of three beds! However, the room was adequately sized, and probably for two people would also be comfortable. I think that three people sharing this room might crowd each other a bit. For three people, the narrow wardrobe and three full-sized drawers (plus nightstands) could be inadequate – for me, it was fine. There is also a full length mirror in addition to a large mirror behind the desk.There was a utilitarian bathroom, which was clean and stocked with hotel brand shampoo, conditioner, etc. Hot water took some time to kick in, but was adequate once it got going. I am a harsh judge of hot water supplies, since I have long, thick hair that is time-consuming to shampoo – finishing a rinse in icy water is not fun. Happily, this was not the case here. I did have trouble figuring out the idiosyncrasies of the hotel hair dryer, but Maintenance showed up in my room within minutes of my requesting help and showed me the right combination of buttons to push to get it started. Since it required some non-intuitive steps, I suggest updating the dryers or at least placing a short, well-written set of instructions next to the dryers.The fall temperature fluctuated between chilly and just-right, and the combination heating/cooling system in the room was fine and kept me comfortable. To my relief, there was a small desk in the room so I could easily set up my laptop properly. I was glad I’d brought along my own Ethernet cable since the one the hotel provided wasn’t working. The hotel room fridge had some unappetizing stains in it, but was obviously scrubbed and I felt fine putting take-out food in it. On a side note, the fridge was also properly cool. My boyfriend has diabetes and needs to store insulin when we do travel together, so I have become somewhat of an expert on hotel room refrigerator temperatures. I’m happy to say, this would have been fine for his needs, too. However, I have no idea why the room’s carpeting left black marks on my new white socks! The carpet appeared clean, but the sooty stains on my socks were definitely suspect.Linens were clean and the mattresses and pillows were comfortable. I should note that the hotel lobby and also my room’s bathroom had a strong smell of the type of odor-neutralizing spray they use to mask cigarette odors. Although my room was nonsmoking, underneath the smell of the disinfectant I could tell someone had smoked something in my bathroom in the not-too-distant past. However, this is not the hotel’s fault, and the spray’s odor was obnoxious but not unbearable.The hotel breakfast is a nice touch (cereals, muffins, etc), but nothing extraordinary. I certainly have had worse “free” hotel continental breakfasts, and “bland” is the keyword here, but not unappetizing. The coffee doesn’t have much kick, but since it is free and to-go cups are available, it is a good boost until you can find better coffee in the neighborhood. It was easy to hail a cab – they’re plentiful outside. Seems there is also a little flea market across the street on the weekends, and every kind of store you could want in the neighborhood. The walls are thin – at one point my neighbors voices sounded as if they were in my room! But, that lasted about five minutes, which made me wonder if perhaps they were in the lobby after all. At about 2am, there was a commotion down the street – a celebration or street party or some sort of Saturday night revelry. I turned on the room’s air system and the white noise drowned the street noise.The evening front desk staff was friendly and helpful. The daytime desk staff were also helpful, but “friendly” is not a word I’d use to describe them. There is a difference between a NYC non-nonsense attitude and the day staff’s downright brusque attitude – they might want to try a smile or two or consider eye contact when speaking to guests.All in all, I would stay here again with a caveat about price. My real sticking point is that there are “nicer” boutique hotels in Murray Hill for the same price as the Chelsea Comfort Inn, but with some luxury amenities and arguably better location. If the Chelsea would lower the room price, I’d stay here again. However, if my next visit is not during a peak time –like the Marathon – I would go to a boutique hotel for the same price, first.	
Oct 29 2007 	Awesome Stay!	The rooms were clean, the beds comfy &amp; lots of pillows, always had hot water, maid always had the room done, even had an okay breakfast. We had a 2 room suite (with fridge) on the 9th floor overlooking the ESB...awesome veiw! We booked a year in advance through Choice Hotels and payed $170 a night without tax...watch out, the tax IS a shocker! Great rate for 5 ppl. The location was very centralized. Most of all, the hotel staff were all super friendly and helpful...we must have asked directions 100 times and never did they seem annoyed. They went beyond the call of duty! WAY TO GO GUYS! My sister liked the 24 hour coffee, my husband liked the on site bar. The Chinese take out was connected to the hotel, easy access with good food. There is a CVS drugstore 5 minutes away, stayed open late. McDonald's close by. Laundermat a couple blocks away.	
Oct 8 2007 	Nice hotel shame about the rude staff!	The hotel was fantastically situated in relation to a number of attractions, 34th street, Macy's, Empire State (all 10min walk), Times Sq (20min walk)Hotel was quiet &amp; clean, room was adequately sized and beds comfy. Good chinese takeaway linked into the lobby.Would definitely go back even tho the staff were ignorant &amp; very unhelpful.	
Aug 29 2007 	12 days of adventure for a family from Alaska-	I searched all the travel helps sites I could to find the best hotel to meet our needs. I have four children 17, 15, 15, and 11. We are too big a family to fit in any regular hotel room. The Comfort Inn offered &quot;family rooms&quot; to accomodate all six of us. I booked the rooms six months in advance to get the rate of $279/night for two rooms- one king bed and two queen! That is great for New York rates. The rooms were small but we were site seeing most of the time. The beds were comforable which was really important since we were probably on our feet 8-12 hours a day and needed good rest. The maid service was great. I had read poor reviews of the hotel even just one month before we traveled to New York so we were afraid... don't be afraid! We stayed on the sixth floor in a room that looked out to a beautiful old church. We could see the top of the Empire State Building from our room also. Madison Square Garden and the Empire State Building are only about few blocks from the hotel. We never ran out of hot water, the elevators are slow but the hotel had two of them. The continental breakfast was nice with fresh fruit, juice, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereal, toast, and milk. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. It costs to use the hotel computer and there was no free internet hookup if you bring your own computer. The hotel is in the most perfect location because you can catch the subway only about 2 blocks away to go any which way. If you want to go to Time Square it is only 2 subway stops away. We found that if each of us bought a week long subway pass that was the best deal for us. The kids were pro subway riders in no time. Only four people can ride a cab at a time so we would have had to take two to go places. We were able to walk and take the subway everywhere! We bought a site seeing package on the 2nd day so we could go by double decker bus to see Brooklyn and all of the major popular places in Manahtten. We were able to identify places that we would like to spend more time at this way. We also took a two hour boat ride around Manhattan Island and that was awesome. We spent a lot of time in Time Square but it was cheaper for food and souvenirs down towards Chelsea area or in China Town. There is a flea market and antique stores all along 25th where the hotel is located. There are many deli's, restaurants, and a pharmacy within 2 or 3 blocks. The chinese food restaurant outside the hotel lobby was a favorite with the kids. Our favorite tour was to see the Statute of Liberty, which is really inexpensive but the lines are really long... so be prepared to wait in line. Central Park was beautiful in March and we just happened to get a few days of warm weather and sunshine in March! Bring an umbrella though... it rained some of the time. We bought tickets on line to see the Knicks and we saw the Pirate Queen on Broadway. We bought reduced tickets down on Time Square. To get to and from the airport we scheduled with Super Shuttle and we were dropped off and picked up at the front door of the hotel.	
Aug 7 2007 	A pleasant surprise	My usual Murray hill hotels were booked, so I took a shot with this, and loved it. The staff were courteous and very welcoming. The room was adequate in size, and the bathroom more than adequate, with hot water, good pressure and bright lighting. The room Air Conditioning was little rackety, and I had to hit it a few times. There was a nice market nearby that had good prepared meals. The lounge was sorta nice/nasty, very pleasant for a cool beverage.I didn't eat there, but in the morning folks liked breakfast, it seemed. Very quiet, no noisy euro-types! All in all, for under $175, I hit the jackpot. I will stay again.	
Jul 22 2007 	I would not stay there again	great location, poor service, not clean, not enough hot water, not enough towels. in short - find another place to stay!	
Jul 14 2007 	Would not stay here again...	I really wanted to like this hotel. It is in a great location for me and the price was reasonable. My room was decent, it looked to be updated within the past year or so. It was much nicer than I was expecting. A little small but size was really OK for NY. However, I had a very difficult time getting hot water, thus the bad rating.I came to NY for a cooking class so when I got back to my room at 10:00 pm I was filthy and covered with grease. Definitely looking forward to a shower. I ran the shower for 20 minutes and got no hot water so I called the desk. An engineer was sent up to my room and confirmed no hot water. He did make a flippant comment though… “It’s the summer anyway, you don’t really need hot water, do you?” Uuhh, yes!I called down to the front desk again. This time I was told that nobody else had called and it must be just my floor. He didn’t offer me a room on another floor where I would supposedly find hot water. He said they would “re-set” the system and in 20 minutes I should have hot water.Well no hot water was available after 45 more minutes so I went to bed unhappy. I had a hard time sleeping. When I got up around 8:00am, there was hot water. When I came back at 11:00am there was none. When I checked out I complained…they do have a “guarantee”. The manager told me that yes, sometimes the boiler is turned off in the summer. But kept waffling about the details. Maybe it is “accidentally” turned off. I couldn’t quite get an answer with him going in circles trying hard not make good on their promise to not charge for an unpleasant stay.The impression I got was that hot water is available only during certain peak hours. So if you only want hot water during these hours then I could recommend the hotel. A hot shower available 24/7 is important to me especially during the summer when I am walking around in hot humid weather. So unfortunately I will not be returning.As a side, checking in and out took a while. Even though there appeared to be at times several folks available to help, only one person did the work, thus the wait. They did hold my luggage on check out day until late afternoon, which was nice.	
May 15 2007 	Very Good Experience	Eight family members stayed here while we attended a graduation and saw some of New York. Rooms were small but clean. Bathrooms had fine plumbing and were also clean. Beds were comfortable-pillows could have been less skimpy. Staff was friendly and helpful and location was great! I wish they would change the dirty spotted runner in the lobby since it gives a dismal and misleading first impression.	
May 4 2007 	Clean and cozy and in a great location	I was searching for a hotel in Manhattan that was clean and in a great location and that wasn't ridiculously expensive. I came across the Comfort Inn in Chelsea and got a great deal directly through their website. The hotel is clean and cozy. The rooms are typical for a NYC hotel (on the smallish side) but were kept VERY clean. The floors each have weird fire doors on each floor that make the overall layout of the floors small and oddly configured but it made no matter to us. The hotel really more on the FlatIron District but is within walking distance of Chelsea, Union Square, Times Square, Herald Square and Hell's Kitchen (if you walk a lot - we do.) It is convenient to the subway and lots of restaurants. I would stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007 	"More than a Fair Deal"	Close to the real Chelsea scene, this Comfort Inn is steps away from all the major subway/bus you could want. OK - it's obviously not upscale, but basically fair and above just decent in all respects - AND for the well under -$200 special (senior) rate I got through the ChoiceHotels website, let's consider this absolutely unbeatable. Ongoing renovations seem under control. Single slowish elevator, as reviews say - so what's wrong with walking down the stairs occasionally? Friendly desk staff. Lots of young families as guests when I stayed in early April. Narrow halls. Room? Surprisingly spacious ((booked a single and got a king-size bed) , clean, with newly refurbished bath; a firmer mattress and better lighting would have been a plus (room must used sometimes to create a larger suite via the inside door; luckily, the next room neighbor was not noisy, though there is problem potential here ...) Unexciting &quot;continental&quot;-type breakfast on at rear on lobby floor (NB: for that occasional in-room meal, great takeout at WF on 24th/7th nearby). Nothing fancy, but excellent location - just off Madison Square Park - with very good value for money.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great budget hotel	I think I must have been lucky in comparison to other reviewers as the king room I had (804) not only had plenty of space but a wonderful view of the Empire State Building. Yes, there was some traffic noise and much merriment coming from the 4040 Club on Saturday night/Sunday morning, but not enough to make having a room at the front of the hotel a problem. Everything worked as it should and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in. Also, there was a good range of channels available on the TV which was great for that hour where you're collapsed in a heap before heading to bed. It was also nice to have the fridge to store drinks and small snacks. The location is also great - far enough away from the main tourist area to avoid the tackier side of NYC but with excellent access to everywhere you might want to go, either on foot or by public transport.On a slightly less positive note, while the decor and furnishings were fine the recent renovations seem to have been rushed, as it was obvious that a good few shortcuts had been taken. Also, the air conditioning/heating is very noisy, so could not have this on while trying to sleep. The desk staff were efficient if rather indifferent and the complimentary breakfast was okay if you just wanted to grab some cereal or a bagel - aside from that, it was quite dire.Weighing it all up though, I'd still return to this hotel quite happily. I booked reasonably far in advance so got my room for $107 a night plus taxes, a real bargain for the overall quality of the hotel and the area it's in. Also, as a lone female I never once felt threatened or unsafe while wandering around the area on my own. One final recommendation - on a warm evening its a real pleasure to pick up a coffee and enjoy it in lovely Madison Square Park, watching the madness of Fifth Avenue and appreciating the unique beauty of the Flatiron building.	
Mar 27 2007 	New Life in Old Hotel	Seemingly, Choice Hotels has breathed back life into this former Chinese owned Hotel Arlington in Chelsea. The rooms are now clean, cheerier and the amenities like high speed internet are dependable. The staff is friendly and the location can't be beat! Walk to restaurants and attractions in this centrally located property. On weekends, there is an interesting swap meet across the street in a parking lot. No problems here. Definitely the best hotel value for under $200 per night in Manhattan. The downside is that the rooms are tiny and partying tourists can be an annoyance in the hallways and next door. The views are dark and dim and uninspiring, but , hey, you are only sleeping here anyway.	
Mar 19 2007 	Disappointed	I booked my stay at this Comfort Inn knowing it is a budget tourist hotel. However, I encountered unexpected hassles. I parked across the street while registering and before I could get back to park my car in a garage (nearest one more than a block away), I already had a ticket for $130. I was parked in front of a church that was shut down and under renovation. People should be warned about this. The room was very, very small. The king bed took up almost the entire room. I was on a lower flower and practically no light came into the room. It was a depressing room for these reasons. Also, I didn't find 25th Street very pleasant. It's a horribly busy street with practically no charm whatsoever. On the plus side, the people at the front desk were very nice and the people staying in the hotel were also pleasant. Many were from Europe. While it was convenient to Chelsea, this place does not really seem like Chelsea to me. Sorry.	
Mar 16 2007 	Loved the Comfort Inn Chelsea	This was a wonderful experience. The room, although small with the two twin beds, was very clean and the service was great. The staff was very helpful and cordial. The property is conveniently located to Times Square and NYU. I would stay here again and recommend it to all my associates. Great job Chelsea.	
Mar 10 2007	Comfort Inn Chelsea	The hotel was actually very nice for the price. It is located on 25th in Chelsea (near 25th and Broadway). Our room was small like a cruise ship cabin. It was big enough for a king sized bed, small fridge, dresser, and desk. It also had a small closet for storing your suit cases and to hang your clothes. Everything seemed recently remodeled and new. This particular room had no view at all except for the backs of other buildings. The room also had a safe that was big enough for us to store our laptops, cameras, and portable dvd player. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone who needs a wheelchair ramp. When we were there it was a temporary ramp that went straight up from the sidewalk to the entrance (you can see the ramp in one the pictures posted by others). It is doable but you might need help. The hotel had a small bar and business center with a computer with internet access. We didn't use either of them but saw others using them. Overall, the hotel was very good for the price and we would stay there again.	
Feb 28 2007 	Broken Hotel and no sleep	This hotel had an electrical problem on the day I was scheduled to be booked. They were unhelpful in telling me when the problem would be over and because their computers were down I couldn't even be checked in. I arrived, mind you, at 10:45pm on a Friday night to hopefully sleep. At midnight I finally decided to call the choice hotels number to potentially book me another room. They almost left me stranded or asked me to book a far more expensive hotel and that they couldn't cancel my reservation at this hotel because this hotel had to do it from their own computers... which were DOWN. Finally after much [--] I booked a hotel across town through choice hotels and had to [--] and scream to not be counted as a &quot;no show&quot; on the Friday I was booked for and could not check in. Avoid this trap of a hotel.I was never even offered any compensation, free ride, discount... NOTHING!Never again.	
Jan 27 2007 	You get what you pay for	Nice hotel, with a pretty good location. The subway is one block away, and you're just 2-3 stops away from Times Square.We were in NYC to spend New Year's Eve (if you have the chance don't miss it).We were six in a suite, and we did fit in there, but our suitcases didn't... LOL., but we gotta say the price was great, and what the hotel was offering was everything we needed.The staff was great, they were all very friendly... the only one who didn't help that much was the manager (Amit or something like that). In a few ocassions, he made us feel as if we didn't belong there, and as if we should be thankful, since he was &quot;doing us the favor&quot; to help us. Other than that... it is a good hotel.	
Jan 18 2007 	Cosy and clean	We stayed at this hotel for 9 nights as part of our one month trip to the US. We were in New York for New Years Eve in Times Square and for the sights and shopping.The hotel is within 10mins walking distance to the shopping district and down the road from the hotel is the Flat Iron building.You can see the Empire State Building from the front entrance of the hotel as it is only several blocks away.You can hop on to a Grey's bus near the Flat Iron building and go on a tour around New York. The room was small but was very clean. It came with a fridge, coffee machine, tv and there was also free wireless internet which was quite fast. The Chinese restaurant next to the hotel was great for a quick dinner.The only downfall was the wait time for the elevators. We would stay there again because of the value.	
Jan 16 2007 	Fab location Fab staff GREAT BAR!!!!	As previously stated on reviews not much to look at on the outside, but cant rate it highly enough inside. Rooms although small by UK standards were spotless clean and immaculate, everything you needed iin them, TV, Ironing board and iron, tea and coffee, fridge, safety box, hairdyer. Cleaned every day we were there 28th Nov - 3rd December.Location great walked just about everywhere, myself and friend had both our two young girls ( 9 and 10) and had a double double room, both girls slept on the sofa bed and altho made the room cramped we were only in it to sleep. Latest we left the hotel was 9 in the morning and earliest back 9pm!!!Reception staff - one of whom is a Brit were extremely helpfull when one of the suitcases was lost in transit eventually delivered 3 days later and the piece de resistance for 2 single parents - the bar!!!Owned by Nick and his partner along with Patricia and not actually by the hotel we spent 2 very long nights in bar whilst girls quite happily played on the internet adjoined.Breakfast altho simple, bagels, doughnuts, muffins and lashings of coffee, tea and orange juice and cereals was just right and very nice. Staff extremely helfull when we booked helicopter trip from 59th Street, and cheaper as well..Tip - book any trips you intend to go on direct with the company in the US much cheaper especially due to exchange rate. Viacom.com for thetare tickets excellent seats for Les Miserable.Alreday booked for a girlie shopping trip in Decmber this year at hotel...	
Jan 3 2007 	A nightclub nearby	I stayed in a three single bed room and two twin bed rooms. The bathroom of our three bed room was so tiny, but beds were comfortable. The two single bed room which faces the street is bigger but noisier, because there is a nightclub nearby. I was very tired and slept well, but my friend couldn't sleep all night. The room which is on the other side of the street is smaller but quiet. All the rooms I stayed were clean, but some of our sheets were very crumpled and made me nervous.	
Dec 16 2006 	Lovely little place	Just a few lines to review this little gem of a hotel. Must admit that its not much to look at from the outside and the decor inside is not as flashy as previous 2 star hotels we have stayed at. However, the service was excellent, the room was average size and very clean. Huge king size bed, tv, spotless bathroom. One of the best things about this hotel is its location. Turn right as you leave the hotel and it puts you directly in front of the flatiron building, with Madison Square Park close by if you like feeding squirrels. Head uptown along broadway and you are a 10 minute walk from Macys and the Empire State Building and just a little further along to Times Square. Head uptown from Park Ave South and you are only 10 mins away from Grand Central and Bloomingdales. I never realised before just how close things are on foot and we didnt use a taxi once!!! Subway station is just in front of the Flatiron building. We will definately stay here again!!!	
Dec 2 2006 	Decent clean basic 2* hotel	This is a decent 2* NYC property. I stayed in November 2006, when all the 3* hotels around town where I usually stay were priced thru the roof. The hotel was fine. The room was small but clean. You can typically tell the difference between a 2* and a 3* hotel, and this was no exception: the mattress is thinner, the towels aren't as soft, the soaps are smaller. My view was an airshaft. The A/C (not needed this time of year) is a window unit.If you're looking for a decent, clean basic place to stay, and budget is a primary concern, then the Comfort Inn fits the bill.	
Dec 2 2006 	A Little Gem of a Place!	I needed to book a hotel room on fairly short notice during the holiday season. As the &quot;big names&quot; are exhorbitantly expensive this time of year, I chose the Comfort Inn Chelsea.I was delighted with the whole experience! The place doesn't look like much from the street, but step inside and one meets a newly-renovated, safe, and friendly hotel. The lobby is marble with a cute sitting area and a beautifully-restored, tin ceiling. I could walk to the Port Authority, Penn Station, and the theater district.My room and bathroom were small but spotlessly clean, with pretty ceiling molding and nice amenities like an in-room safe and refrigerator, a coffee maker and supplies, and plenty of soap, toiletries, and clean towels in the bathroom. The bed was comfortable. The individual &quot;air&quot; unit was a bit noisy, but it was &quot;white noise&quot; that did not disturb my sleep. There was no &quot;view&quot; from my room, but it was peaceful and quiet and the staff was nice. There was an on-site bar and a free continental breakfast in the morning.If you are a traveler on a budget (book directly through the chain's website and request the Internet User's rate for the best rates!), then the Comfort Inn Chelsea is the place for you. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Nov 29 2006 	Good value for money	We stayed here for a week in September and it was definitely great value for money. The hotel is clean and although the rooms were small and the breakfast was questionable (we gave up after the first two days as the breakfast room was tiny and they stopped letting people serve themselves!!) everywhere was clean and tidy and the location was superb. The hotel is within walking distance of the Empire State Building, Macy's, the shops on 5th Avenue and Greenwich village, and there is great access to a number of subway lines nearby. It wasn't the Ritz but this wasn't what we were expecting for the price we paid. A nice comfortable hotel for those on a budget! Would definitely recommend.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great for families	We stayed here for two nights to see the Macy's Thanksgiving parade. We booked the family suite which was two double beds in one room and a queen in a separate room with a bathroom. Both rooms had TVs. The master room had a refrigerator and coffee pot. Like most NYC hotel rooms, the space is tight, but the two room layout was nice to let the kids have their own area. Room and hotel was clean and service was pleasant. The bathtub/shower was good. Complimentary breakfast was very simple...donuts, bagels, toast, and muffins.Walked a few blocks to subway and 6th Ave to catch a taxi to go uptown.	
Nov 13 2006 	Excellent value for money	Excellent hotel. Rooms are relatively small but have everything you need including en-suite, free internet access and tea/coffee making facilities. Room was very clean and was cleaned every day also. Great value for money and only a 10min walk from the Empire State. Most of the tourist spots were within walking distance although Central Park was about a 45min walk away. Only 1 block from Subway station. Staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast was cheap and cheerful. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Don't miss this great value hotel	Do not miss this hotel! No bad things to say! We stayed on the 4th floor, front and had a view of the Empire State Building! The room was clean, bed was comfortable, free wireless access, free continental breakfast had a good variety, and the staff was friendly and accomodating! We paid $219/night during the week and had no expectations but was pleasantly surprised upon checkin. Great location and near the subway.	
Oct 16 2006 	LOVED our stay here!	Spent 6 days at this hotel, and felt like we were leaving friends when we checked out.All of the renovations are done; they were installing the new TV's when we arrived. The new bar downstairs is open; barkeepers Mike and Patricia are the best! Patricia did all the painting on the ceiling, which is fabulous -- it's all the original work from 1912, very grand and Victorian.The room was perfect -- big, by NY standards, I am told, and it was plenty. The street is quiet -- almost wierdly so, given the chaos on every other street we walked down. The hotel is across from two old churches and alongside a row of antique stores, which is maybe why it's so quiet.The staff was great, wireless was free, and it was a joy to talk with Mr. Patel, the maintenence guy. He attended to all our needs and called me &quot;boss&quot; in that wonderful Indian accent. The free continetal breakfast was great, and they keep hot coffee brewed in the bar all day for free.The hotel has a reputation to overcome, but once word gets out, it won't be a bargain anymore. Book it if you can get it. We paid $197 a night for weekdays, $233 for the Friday, and it was well worth it.BTW, if you walk down Broadway toward Times Square and see a resturant that says &quot;Health Food,&quot; AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!	
Sep 19 2006 	Great Location Economical Stay and Clean!	4 of my friends and I stayed at this Comfort Inn for Sep 8-10th 2006. The hotel itself has undergone a major cosmetic overhaul and is much nicer than when I stayed here 10 years ago. The rooms are well appointed, clean, nothing fancy. The rooms also have extra utilities like an iron, safe, wireless internet+wired internet etc. which was surprising. Our stay was comfortable, the staff were friendly. They let us check-in early, and even had a valet service for our bags when we checked out so we didn't have to lug them around for our last day in Manhattan. For the price ($215/night) it was a great find and was easy on the budget. The location can't be beat. A block from the Flatiron building, and in the midst of all the action. 25th Street is really in the heart of Manhattan so you're central to downtown, midtown, uptown, wherever. Good choice.	
Sep 2 2006	Really great stay!	Stayed at the Comfort Inn Chelsea with family for 4 days and the experience was great! The room that I stayed in was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but also clean. The hotel has a charming lobby. The free breakfast was wonderful! Hotel is close to subway and many attractions (Empire State Building, etc.). Would definitely stay here again!:)	
Jul 31 2006 	Not luxury not bad just fine.	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Chelsea with our three children (ages 7,4,2) after finding that most hotels were unable to accomodate five due to fire code and the costs were getting exorbitant as I checked around. We had a suite - one king bed in one room and two double beds in the other, with one bathroom ($279.00 per night). Our expectations were low given prior reviews, but knowing we would be in the room very rarely and that Comfort Inn should have a decent standard, we booked the hotel.The staff was definitely above average - very courteous, helpful, professional and kind. The hotel is decent. The elevator and corridors could use a facelift. A permanent ramp should be installed outside. The breakfast was okay. The seating area was dark and a hodge podge - it was a previously bar and had a lot of stuff sitting on it.The rooms were typical New York small, but were comfortable, the bathroom was clean. The safe was broken, but another was brought in shortly. As I mentioned above, the staff was very helpful. The air conditioning units were noisy, one room had it partially duct-taped, but we still slept fine.The location was good, a fairly residential/business area - not far from the Yellow line on the subway (you have to transfer quite a bit to get to different locations in the city, but this wasn't bad - even with three young kids) - and it is across from Madison Square Park and the Flatiron building. There is also a nice view of the Empire State Building as you cross over at Madison Square Park.Parking was also a consideration for us. With a stamp from the hotel, we paid $18.00 a day to park our minivan one block from the hotel with 24-hour access to it. Some hotels I checked were as high as $45.00 a day.Check-out was at noon, which was nice, and the staff held our bags for us, so we could continue to enjoy the city the remainder of the day.My husband and I stayed at The Library Hotel in May. This was a lovely hotel in a great location, and the price reflected it ($375 per night for one queen bed, lovely but small room with nice breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon). As long as your expectations are realistic, I think Comfort Inn Chelsea is a fine place to stay in NYC.	
Jul 28 2006 	An Impressive 'Facelift'	Comfort Inn`s renovation of what was formerly The Arlington Hotel is nearly completed. The elevators and breakfast room still need to be refurbished, but the guestrooms, themselves, are beautiful. The hotel is in a terrific location, adjacent to beautiful Madison Square Park and convenient to 3 different subway stops. The compact lobby is certainly pleasant enough and the smiling front desk staff is amiable and efficient. Our room was the biggest surprise. We had reserved a room with 2 double beds and sitting area with a sofa. It was spacious and everything is new and pristine here. All is tastefully decorated, wallpaper and carpeting are unblemished and the original crown molding is still intact and is a nice touch. The bathroom is all new and virtually sparkles. Comfort Inn`s standard amenities are included. We had free local phone calls, iron/ironing board, hairdryer, small refrigerator, free morning newspaper, and continental breakfast included. There is also a small exercise room and business center. Our new beds were firm and extremely comfortable and everything was very quiet, including the new air conditioner which was appreciated in the sultry July heat. For all this we paid $169, which is a great deal for New York. This is a winner and a great value. We`ll definitely be returning.	
Jun 25 2006	Better than I thought!	Planning for a busy 3 night trip to New York, our objective for lodging was affordable, acessible (especially to a subway), safe and clean. The Comfort Inn actually matched all of these requirements. After booking through Choicehotels[-] and having a tough time finding reviews on this place, TripAdvisor's reviews and photos proved to give us the peace of mind that the hotel would be ok. Recently acquired by Choice - Comfort Inn, it is obvious that the company is doing lots of rennovations on the property. The lobby referenced several times in prior reviews, has indeed been rennovated and looks rather nice. The dining area, where the complimentary breakfast is served, is badly in need of updating. However, as expected, they're tackling the most obvious and common areas first. Staff was curteous and helpful. All spoke good English.The room was TINY! Our best guess is maybe 10x12. For our stay, we had 3 people, so the room was equipped with a double bed and twin. Opening the main door to the room found us hitting the twin bed everytime. Wall air conditioning kept the room cool. The room had been remodeled with nice crown molding, new carpet and wallpaper. The bedding was cheap and by no way held up to the new luxury standard of &quot;heavenly bed&quot;, etc. But, we all slept soundly every night. We heard absolutely no noise once in the room.The location was amazing. Across the street from a lovely park. Next door to JayZee's night club 40/40. About 2 blocks from the 23rd Street subway station. Walking distance (a bit of a hike) to Times Square. Right near the Flat Iron building. 2 drug stores around the corner, other general shopping nearby too.Travellers to NYC have to remember that affordable rooms in the heart of Manhattan will not be like the suburban hotel standards we're all accustomed to. Keeping in mind that rooms likely built in the 20's and 30's are small and old, you're probably not going to find much of a better deal than the Comfort Inn on 25th Street.	
Jun 8 2006	Excellent base for a short trip	I stayed at the Arlington Hotel for 5 nights in May and was very satisfied with what I got for my money. Although the room was small – what you have to expect even at 4* hotels in NYC – and had no view I would come back definitely. The room and bathroom were recently renovated (a little smell of fresh paint was still in the air). Most important: Cleanliness was way above what I expected and I got fresh towels every day. OK, you don’t have any gimmicks at the hotel itself, but you’re located in the middle of everything (1min. to Flatiron Bldg., 10 min. to Union Squ. or Empire State Bldg.). Restaurants and shops are within walkable distance. There is also easy access to several subway lines (N;Q;R;W just around the corner) and others on Park Ave. South or 6th Ave.	
May 29 2006	great location great room	I went to the Arlington Hotel for 3nights in early April with my college, and after where we had stayed on our previous trip to amsterdam i wasnt expecting much at all. When we first arrived i thought hmm looks abit shabby, (there was building work going on) and it was down a quiet street. when we got inside there was some improvement (nice ceiling lol) but a very small hallway/reception, from this still wasnt expecting much but when we got to our rooms i was amazed. it was a lovely room, like a 3/4* hotel room, lovely bathroom and a nice shower that gives u more than a trickle of water unlike alot of hotels, the room was very big split into 2 rooms as i was sharing with 3 friends. the rest of the hotel isnt very nice but the rooms are great and we then found out that although its down a quiet street just a 5minute walk down the road you are at madison sqaure and a 10/15 min walk you are at the fantastic times sqaure. theres a nice cafe called cafe broadway around the corner that we went to for pancakes every morning, definately recomend going there. it was a fantastic holiday although short, i will never forget it, and i would definately return to the Arlington hotel.	
Apr 14 2006	Dont go there!!!!!	IM NOT EVEN GONNA BOTHER SAYING MUCH JUST TO SAY DONT GO THERE IF U WANT SOMEWHERE CLEAN TO STAY. not only is it dirty and smelly, the walls are peeling, the baths are black from staining and the lifts dont always get u where u wanna go!!!!!also the staff are rude and dont speak english!!	
Apr 6 2006	amazing - perfect - was expecting to be disgusted !!!!!	Now i havnt got many hotels to compare this too, and i havnt stayed in any hotels in new york before so whatever ever you make of my review, i hope it is helpful. First of all there was a lovely smell of paint as i entered the dated the hallway, but it was all part of the fun - i stayed in room 403 on floor 4 and my view had a beautiful view of the empire state building. I now relise our group had one of the best views of all as some others had barbed wire as their view but for a group of 37 this hotel was perfect. The staff were happy to help me when i left a cd and theatre programme in a restaurant. And the bedroom (triple) was VERY spacious and clean perfect prices. It was also a 20 minute walk from times square, and 1 minute walk to the flatiron building down the road on the right. We found an amazing little cafe/restaurant called COSI (left out of the building then left again at end of road carry on until you see it on the left again). Lifts were always working and towels and bedding always made for when we returned from our ventures. This was the perfect hotel for me. Maybe i was lucky, or maybe this was just a fab lil undiscovered hotel that needed us to big it up. ALso Jay-zee's club (40/40club) was literally next door to us. Oh and i had an orthopoedic mattress, very snazzy i must say. All in all an AMAZING hotel - would definatly return again and again. i really dont know what all these other crazy people are on about ? rubbish no way this was hot. (not 5*, but kitsch)	
Apr 5 2006	Nothing wrong with Arlington except a bit of building work.	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Arlington for 10 nights starting March 21. After seeing the reviews over the last month we were serious considering changing hotels but after contacting the travel agent, who contacted the hotel to see what the building situation was we decided to keep the reservation. When we arrived we were greeted by friendly staff and given a really lovely, large room on the 11th floor (1107) which had a view of the Empire State Building from the bathroom, was newly decorated and very clean and fresh. Yes, the towels are small but the hotel is cheap and you could buy a big towel for less than $10 in a cheap store if you were really that bothered. The building work was still ongoing throughout our stay but it was mostly painting so the lifts were never out of use, although when we left on the 31st there was heavy building work going on in the lobby behind a partition wall. We were asked to change rooms after 2 nights because they wanted to replace and paint the doors on the landing we were on, which was a bit of a nuisance, but it would have been worse to stay on that landing through the building work and they extended our check out time to compensate for the time spent moving.The new room was 1107, which was to the same standard but without the view. Every day the room was cleaned and all the towels were replaced, we had use of a safe and fridge and had an adaquate sized wardrobe but only 6 hangers. Throughout our ten nights you could not notice the noise from outside the hotel, which I've never experienced before in my 5 previous stays in NYC in other hotels. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful to us and we never felt unsafe in our room or on the street outside, even late at night. The location is great, really convenient for lots of places. Try the food at L.A. Caterers beside the subway and 5th Ave Clock, you won't regret it.I would definately stay at this hotel again, although I expect it won't be so cheap once all the building work is finished.	
Mar 27 2006	much much better than expected	we booked our trip to new york about 8 months ago and then read reviews on trip advisor and it sounded ok.3 days before we were due to fly out we had another look and were gutted at the reviews!we read that it was a tip and a building site.we contacted the hotel and they told us that the rooms had been completed and they were doing the lobby and hall ways.we decided that we could put up with this as we weren't sleeping in the lobby.we checked in and yes there were workmen painting the halls but it didn't affect us.some mornings we had to share the lift with a pot of paint or a ladder but it was no hardship!the rooms were a good size and had been refurbished to a good standard and had all new fixtures and fittings.the bathroom also got the thumbs up from us.we were on the 9th floor but had pleanty of hot water and a powerfull shower.the staff on the desk were polite and very helpfull.the location of this hotel was great and just 10mins walk to the empire state and 20 to times square.loads of places at the end of the block to grab a coffee and to get lunch.the restaurant/take away joining the hotel looks a bit of a rough place to eat but don't judge a book by it's cover.this place you can watch your food being cooked and it was top notch.if we were coming to new york again we would definatly consider staying here again.	
Mar 26 2006	Great room great location - what a bargain	Wow – great room, great location and we can’t believe what a bargain it was.We were very apprehensive about our stay at The Arlington having read the reviews on the Trip Advisor web site but we were pleasantly surprised. The reception and shared areas weren’t great but I think they have improved from other people’s reviews. The receptionist was really helpful and put us in a refurbished room as requested.The room was amazing. It was really clean and roomy, with a massive super King size bed, loads of storage, fridge, TV, safe and hairdryer. The room would easily measure up to at least a 3* equivalent.The room was serviced daily including a change of towels.The worst point would be the heat at night. We had to keep the window open and the curtains didn’t quite meeting in the middle so ear plugs and an eye mask would be advisable for light sleepers.The location is also fantastic. It is ~ 10 minutes from the Empire State Building (of which we had a great view from our room – check out our photos) and ~ 15 minutes from Times Square. There is a Subway just round the corner (good luck mastering that one – the London Underground it is not!) and loads of delis nearby for breakfast.If we came to New York again we would definitely, definitely stay here again.	
Mar 17 2006	I'm going to try and be objective....	Where do I begin? I suppose location. The location of the hotel is 25th Street (btw Broadway &amp; 6th Ave). This is away from the glitz and glamour, about 9 blocks down from Empire State Building (10 min walk) and about 20 mins downtown from Time Square. It's situated by a couple of subway stops that are good for servicing the rest of the Manhattan area. I found the location fine.As for the hotel itself, I'm going to try and be objective about this as at the moment there is a major redecoration going on and this is going to be a MAJOR upset to a lot of people. The rooms themselves are small but clean with nice big double bed and shower room. Views from our room were dreadful but I don't think this would matter where you were as the location of the hotel is such that there is nothing really to look at anyway. I had no complaints about the room.However, the rest of the hotel (corridors, lobby, lifts etc) are a mess at the moment due to the work going on and there's paint and workmen everywhere (sometimes taking over the lifts making going up and down the floors a pain in the backside). The work looked as if it could be going to go on for a while though cannot say exactly for how long. Perhaps would be worth checking with your tour operator before booking.One thing I would say about the rooms and this is a bit of a pet hate of mine anyway is that they are arranged such that at the end of a corridor three doors are next to each other (forming three sides of a square if you follow me) which means noise does carry if people are hanging around outside the rooms. Also, the fire doors slam which makes a dreadful noise which can wake you up in the night/morning. Sound very easily comes into the rooms from the corridors.I was happy with it overall (though maybe I'm just not fussy) however though who perhaps are used to 3/4 star accomodation will NOT be pleased with this.	
Mar 8 2006	looks like a demolition site	Stayed at Arlington 5 nights. Hotel is Under complete renovation. The foyer was full of materials rolled up carpets, sinks, tiles etc. The carpets were blocking the staircase in the foyer which was a fire hazzard and a workman was literally jumping up and down on them to fold them smaller. The two lifts available were used by the workmen who would clamber in with their buckets. The lifts were full of dust and debri as were the corriders. Someone attempted to enter our room despite it being locked from the inside and a chair and suitcase wedged. We were woken up by my daughter at 3.30 am as she discovered the door open and the chair had been pushed aside. We complained to the management who said they would investigate. The only other people with keys were their own night staff !! The number of our room was crudely stuck to the door with sticky tape. There was a photocopy of a workman operating drill stuck to the walls in the corrider and the lifts to demonstrate the extent of the work. Not worth the money. A guy turned up unannounced with a spray gun claiming to be pest control and sprayed the corners of the bedroom.	
Feb 5 2006	Something for watchdog to investigate!!!	What a disappointment. I expected average from other reviews, but our week took the biscuit! 100 of us stayed there for one week......the week of their renovation. THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE HAD PAYING CUSTOMERS STAYING WHILE THIS WAS GOING ON. One morning I left my room only to find that the corridor ceiling had been pulled down and all the carpets were being ripped up! We had to tread over planks of wood, and workman’s tools. When we returned the corridor was a concrete shell full of dust with wires and light fittings dangling from the ceiling and the thick white dust had gone underneath my door and coated my bed, clothes and table sides. When I asked for it to be cleaned it was merely dusted not hoovered! Others had no hot water, toilets flooded and one person tripped and fell, a few had swollen hands and faces from the dust (perhaps) Not sure where we shall be taking this, but we have dust samples video and photo footage. But i dont have them yet to share with you. A refund would be good, we are students. The only good thing for the stay at that hotel was its location. Let’s hope that when the renovation is completed you have a nicer stay!	
Jan 31 2006 	Worst hotel I've ever been in	If it's room-by-the-hour ambience you're after, this is your place! The best thing I can say is no one broke in and cut my throat in the night (though the locks are flimsy enough that a toddler could kick the door in). This is a step up from a refigerator box on Broadway. My room had flickering fluorescent lights. The drop ceiling barely covered the bathroom ceiling. The carpets looked like trucks had been parked on them. If you have any standards at all, avoid.	
Jan 28 2006	Smelly	lobby (if thats what you wanna call it) smells, halls smell, rooms smell. definately not worth the money. stay at hotel qt if you wanna go cheap.	
Jan 27 2006	OK	The Arlington Hotel on W. 25th St is a very mixed bag. Good bargain price for NYC. Excellent location, just off 5th Ave and near bus lines, subway, small park. The rooms are clean and well serviced. The radiators are very noisy and much too hot. The staff is competent and pleasant. However, the rest of the hotel leaves much to be desired: hallways that were dusty, no place to sit when waiting in the lobby. To be fair, they were under renovation, but nevertheless, nothing was ever done to keep the halls clean, e.g. no effort made to empty the ashtrays in the halls or to sweep the floors. Hope that when they're renovated, the public spaces of the hotel will be upgraded.	
Jan 7 2006	Better than expected	We were looking for a cheap and cheerful hotel, so we booked the Arlington after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. I was slightly worried as I wasn't sure it was going to be great, especially as all the rooms are smoking. However, I was wrong. It wasn't the Ritz, but it was definitely worth the £25 per night that my three friends and I paid for our family room. the foyer wasn't great, but who spend any time there! The bathroom was great, the shower was powerful, although some larger towells wouldn't have gone amiss. Also, don't forget your hairdryer. The room, if a little old fashioned, was clean, although very hot at night. There was an electronic safe in the room and the door had a deadbolt. The hotel is in an excellent location and as it is under refurbishment at the moment, I would quite possibly stay there again. As for the smell of smoke, it was barely noticeable. Thank you Arlington for a great New Year!	
Dec 29 2005	Great location reasonable	We arrived at the hotel (1pm) before their official check-in time (4pm) but could get to our room immediately. Staff appeared to be friendly.Room was located on 7th floor (not renovated yet) but was okay. Queen size bed, fridge and safe (for free), basic tv. The radiator appeared to be extremely noisy and leaking a bit so we did not use it much. Anyway, the room was never too cold to stay in there.The room was facing the back of the hotel, so we did not have a view. The bathroom was old but clean enough. The basin seemed to be pretty new (or kept in good shape). The cleanliness of the sills and the windows could have been better though. Bathroom had no heating.Room was cleaned every day and fresh towels supplied.As others mentioned: No cupboard! We used the hanger in the room as much as possible and left everything else in the suitcase.At nighttime it was perfectly quiet so we were never disturbed by noise etc. Maybe the location of the room helped here.One funny thing: The main stairway had fire doors towards both hallways - made of wood!Location of the hotel is in Midtown. So almost everything is within walking distance or within easy reach with the subway.Compared to other offers in Manhattan, € 120,- p.N. seems reasonable money for value. You would get something more fancy in other cities but that's a different story...Btw, friends stayed at the Pennsylvania Hotel at the same time - their room and esp. bathroom was definetely worse than ours!	
Dec 23 2005	Cheap and Cheerful	My first impression of the Arlington Hotel when I walked into the foyet was not too good. The foyet looked dirty and old fashioned and there were workmen coming in and out of the lifts.The staff were friendly enough though and then we made our way to our room. I had read reviews about the Arlington before I booked so I was expecting a cramped box room. But to my suprise it was a little bit bigger than I expected. There was a safe and a fridge in the room and the bathroom was almost brand new. Cleanliness, safety and peace &amp; quiet were all I really wanted from my room\hotel and that is exactly what I got with The Arlington. (I discovered that the previously mentioned workmen were making improvements on the hotel - I must say that I was never disturbed by them once during my stay!)During my weeks stay I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The hotel was in a safe enough place with deli's, coffee houses, bars, a pharmacy, subway stations, shops (ladies mile) etc all within 2 mins walk.For those people who just want a hotel to come back to after a hards days shopping, site seeing etc The Arlington is ideal. Great location, neat and tidy clean rooms and friendly staff. I would definitely stay there again on my return to the Big Apple.	
Dec 18 2005 	You get what you pay for...	I stayed here for a December business convention.The hotel is in a good location near a couple subway lines. There's a nice club just steps away from the main entrance. Several 24hour deli's located nearby. Decent neighborhood.Hotel is not handicap accessible as it only has stairs at the main entrance. Once inside, there are elevators available.One of the first things I noticed going up to the room is that the emergency exit sign was just hanging by the cords. At least it was lit up :)The room was quite large by Manhattan standards but the carpet was quite dirty with bits and pieces of trash strewn about in both rooms. There was also noticable dust constantly floating around the room.The windows did not stop the freezing cold air, but the noisy radiator took care of that problem.Bathroom was quite clean and fresh towels were available. Bed had clean linens.Most of the handles on the dresser were missing or broken.*** Hints for future hotel guests ***1. Bring slippers, my feet were almost black after taking a shower and just walking around the room.2. Room smelled a little like cleaning fluid, so bring scented candles if you want.3. Bring earplugs for wintertime. The constant rattling and gurgling of the radiator would keep light sleepers up.4. Remind the front desk to keep the exit stairwell door clear of luggage carts. One night, I came down the stairs to find the cart blocking the door and had to reach around the door and slide the cart out of the way. This is one of two emergency exit routes.If I was to return and pay on my own, I'd probably look into staying here again since it is quite cost-effective :) However, I'd keep an eye out for slightly nicer accomodations.	
Dec 13 2005	Fawlty towers but great location	Our stay at the Arlington was interesting. First time to New York so for the price we paid £220 for 3 nights we didn't expect the Ritz. What we did get was a great view of the Empire State Building from our room, clean towels daily, room service daily and a radiator that leaked scalding hot water which we were told was normal!!This hotel has all the basics you need for a stay in New York but is missing the touches that would have made it better such as coffee facilities in the room. The location is great whether you walk nearly everywhere as we did or want to get the tube.Maybe if you use this hotel ask for a renovated room as I assume they will be of a better standard.	
Dec 11 2005	no luxuries just the necesseties	stayed at the arlington over thanksgiving for 6 days, the hotel was okay not the best &amp; certainly not the worst, was in a good location few blocks from empire state building 5 minutes walking distance &amp; virtually around the corner is the yellow subway line which goes up and down manhatten, the hotel itself is having some renovation done but to no disruption to guests, the rooms are fairly big and kept clean, you have no wardrobe but a clothes rail on which you can hang your garments, beds were made everyday and towels replaced, only had one problem with not being able to turn down heating but this was soon resolved when maintenance was contacted. Personally this was a great base for my holiday as it was just used to basically sleep &amp; shower the rest of the time was out shopping and sightseeing enjoying new york for what it is, i would recommend this hotel no luxuries just the necesseties. Enjoy your holiday !!UZMA :-)	
Nov 18 2005	Perfect stay during New York Marathon	During the 2005 New York city Marathon we stayed for 6 nights in the Arlington Hotel. We had a triple room on the 10th floor, with a view on the Empire State building. The bathroom was renovated, so it was new. The beds were okay. The only thing we missed was a cupboard. So we had to leave our cloths in our suitcases. The room was cleaned every day and also each day we got new towels. The hotel is perfect located very close to the subway and interesting places like the Empire State building. There are plenty restaurants in the area. Summarized this is a very convenient hotel which is worth to be booked.	
Oct 31 2005	Absolutely fine place.	We spent three nights at the Arlington with my wife. Reserved rooms trough Travelnow for 139+taxes and fees so three nites were 500 USD altogether. Although for this price everywhere else in the world you expect a super great room in NYC we were cautious and hoped only for a clean room to sleep in. IT was much better than we hoped for, our room 1001 was completely renovated with 30 some channel tv an okay sized room and an extremely clean and comfortable ...i would say downright perfect bathrooom. The bed was comfy, the towels were really thin but oh well. The staff unlike mentioned before were not all that bad. The girl and the younger guy and middle aged guy were very nice..only the older one was grumpy looking. Overall they were efficient and friendly enough. The view from our room as you see the picture was probably the worst one can wish for, but personally I prefer a cozy and clean place rather than a dirty with great view..because that is about the choice you have in New York except if you are willing to pay 500 and up a night. The Arlington is in a very good neighbourhood I would say 5 minutes to ES Building and two minutes to the Subway and Flatiron Building. In the neighbourhoods there are plenty of places for breakfast for under two dollars. If you are a power tourist you should get the new york pass and see as much as possible. Buy the weekly or daily metropass for 24 and 7 dollars they re well worth it if you plan to see a lot. The Arlington by the way is under construction and soon all the rooms will be nice, but for now I think only the top couple floors are in good condition. If you get good price I would definatly recommend to stay there. You wont be sorry.NYC is just magical.	
Oct 25 2005	Would stay again if Only	On the Plus sideGreat location for a Hotel in Manhatten close to subway and on Orange and Yellow line on Broadway.Room was way larger than the average Manhatten HotelRoom was Spotless and Maid service was good even though they forgot to make the bed one day.Safe and fridge in the room were major bonused for us as overseas travellers with money and passport security a must.2 excellent breakfast / lunch diners on Brodway around the corner Irish pub on broadway again on 5th ?avenue around the corner.(very average pub but nice to get a night cap after slogging around NY)Very helpful concierge not sure of her name helped us with any questions we had. On the DownsideRoom on the 11 floor while quiet was was too hot to sleep with the air conditioning way too loud to sleep.Bed requested was a king actual size a double on wheels which was way too soft to be comfortable.Leaving luggage in storage be it for 2-3 hours cost us $1.50 per bag.Very tight.Hotel staff were indifferent and never seemed very welcoming or friendly.TV reception was poor and basic.Beware the first impression of th Hotel is very dirty BUT they are in the middle of renovations.If you access the Hotel from 6th Avenue the area does not look too friendly but from Broadway its OK.Generally OK hotel but I wouldn't recommend it for comfort andhospitality.	
Sep 27 2005	Good for the price	I have just returned from staying in the Arlington Hotel and I found it good for the price. The rooms are basic but reasonably clean and comfortable. The air conditioning was a very necessary plus and the mini-fridge and safe were also very useful extras. However i found the lifts extremely slow and you would probably be faster crawling up the stairs, so request a room on one the lower floors so that you could maybe take the stairs instead (we were on 9! not possible to use the stairs daily) Some other people that I knew that were staying there at the same time had a room to the front on the third floor, this proved extremely noisy on a saturday night as there is a nightclub a few doors up.It is in a reasonably safe area but I would recommend walking uptown on either 5th or 6th Ave instead of Broadway as we found a section of Broadway on the way to Times Square to be quite threatening. If you are looking for somewhere to put your head down after you shop/sightsee and you are on a budget and don't fancy sharing a bathroom then I highly recommend this hotel	
Aug 26 2005	Great for the practical traveler	This hotel is a wonderful value. If you want a gym, a spa, and a bell-boy to serve you dinner, then forget about it. This hotel was great! It had air-conditioning, a mini-fridge, and a safe to store your valuables. Ice is available downstairs. Room service comes in everyday and cleans. After reading other reviews, I only expected the worst, but really, I found the Arlington to be very nice.	
Aug 17 2005	Cheap and clean	Very basic hotel but very clean. Rooms have air conditioning, cleaned daily, with fridge and TV. On 25th Street and close to subway, great for those that don't intend spending time in hotel room, but why would you when your in New York? Would recommend to others on a budget.	
Aug 8 2005	A place is OK but don't expect wonders	I've spent 5 nights at this hotel - from 30th of July till 5th of August 2005. After reading reviews on that site I did expect a much worse place. But! Location is great!One block from Flatiron building, 7 minute walk to Empire State Building an 14 moinutes walk to Times square - actually I never used a subway or taxi since all the places of interest for me were easyly acessible by foot.Hotel itself looks worn out, with corridors requiring renovation, but rooms were clean, hot water was available, and a/c did a nice job during the very hot days in August. Towls are thin indeed, but there are four of them for twin room changed daily.Hotel is value for money, it's not that easy to find something on Manhatten in the price category.My only advise woould be - don't even attempt to use &quot;high speed internet access&quot; terminal in the lobby, since it buys you 5 mins for 1 dollar, but for the whole of these 5 mins you're just waiting for the system to load - and it hangs most of the time.In overall, I recommend this hotel for budget travellers, who are not expecting a 5 star treatment in 2 star hotel. But if you come there only to sleep - it's a good place to stay!	
Aug 7 2005	cheap 'n quiet	Me and my husband stayed in this hotel for 10 days. It's an ok hotel but don't expect ANY luxury. Very basic rooms, the bed was made every day and the room was clean (if you didn't look in the corners) The location is excellent, and very quiet. The staff on the contrary was very UNfriendly, but that didn't bother me. Cheap hotel, value for money.	
Jul 30 2005	Loved It Great Hotel	I loved my stay At The Arlington It was great the rooms were cleaned every day beds where made with clean sheets the staff where very helpful aswell if you need information go to the desk i needed songs for my mp3 player and the staff directed me to my nearest internet cafe theres a brilliant view of the hotel from the top of the empire state building i thought it was fantastic that you could see the hotel from the empire state building	
Jul 27 2005	Value for money - perfect for the traveller	This place is perfect if you are visiting New York and don't want to pay extortionate (more than £100 a night!) prices.The front desk were helpful. They were opened when we arrived VERY late and arranged a private car to pick us up on our return journey VERY early in the morning.Our room was clean with fully funtional amenities, if a little old fashioned in decoration. The place probably needs a re-vamp, but this is par for the course in New York unless you stay at The Trump Plaza! Location is perfect. A 10 minute walk to Empire State Building/Times Square. I would advise using the Subway however. Buy a weekly ticket for about $17 gets real value as it costs you $1 per journey otherwise. The hotel certainly compares favourably to others, which, in fairness do look run down. Do not expect the Ritz, but an ideal base for a stay in New York. New York hotels are expensive. We paid about £80 per night and found this value for money in comparison to others which charge in excess of £100 for similar if not worse conditions.	
Jun 23 2005	Clean quiet affordable	I chose this hotel for my mother and I to stay at for our weekend visit to see a Broadway play. I used tripadvisor as a resource for making my decision to book this hotel. It was a good choice for us, as we had a limited budget to spend on lodging but wanted someplace clean and safe-feeling for rest periods and sleeping. We were very impressed. Rooms were cozy-small (fine with us), colors of bedspread, wall paint, curtains and carpet were modern and nice, and the bathroom (shower) was private. The room and the bathroom were very clean (we never saw one &quot;critter&quot; at all), and it was very quiet for being in the &quot;Big City.&quot; Our view (10th floor) looked out on other buildings in the block, but we didn't mind. And, best of all, air conditioning during the early June 2005 high humidity!!!! We were only a couple of blocks from a great diner serving comfort food (on 23rd street), and half-block from Broadway and one of the stops for the Grayline double-decker tour bus. Budget-conscious travelers to NYC will enjoy this property.	
May 21 2005	Ok but probably could do better if you looked around	(I actually used this hotel twice, in Sept 2000 and Mar 2002, so this review applies to both visits, unless indicated).Getting to your room involved either a miniscule, slow, crowded elevator, or climbing a claustrophobic stairway. (Most of the time I took the stairs, as doing so was much faster than waiting for the elevator).The room was tiny, but I kind of expected that to some extent. The view was of the adjacent building, but one doesn't go to a hotel like this for the view. TV reception (which seemed to be over the air, not cable?) was fuzzy.The phone required a deposit, even for local calls (and they were expensive). My cell phone didn't work inside the building, so I had to step outside each time I needed to make a call.The bathroom was ok, if a bit musty. However, in 2002, I noticed some flaking wall material near the radiator. This was unnerving, as visions of asbestos danced in my head....In 2000, there was a little breakfast room, and upon check-in, customers were given vouchers good for breakfast. After one breakfast dealing with low-quality food and snotty staff, I decided to have my breakfast elsewhere. This facility had closed entirely when I went back in 2002; I don't know if they've ever reopened it. (There's a adjacent Chinese restaraunt that may be associated with this hotel, but I didn't try it).The immediate neighborhood is fine, (on 25th between 5th and 6th Aves) is fine, but somewhat dim after dark. You're not too far away from busier streets (and 24-hour delis) though....The subway is just a block south, and plenty of buses and cabs ply 5th and 6th ave. The hotel will also call a car service for you, if you need to get to the airports.All in all, probably not the worst place, but you can probably do better, with careful searching of the travel sites, discussion groups, and, of course, Tripadvisor!	
May 18 2005	Fantastic!	March 10th -17th. After booking my holiday to stay at the Carter Hotel, a few weeks later the travel agent advised me to change to the Arlington because of all the bad reports, and after seeing the Hotel Carter in the flesh, I am grateful. This was my first time in New York. I went over by myself to fulfil an ambition of mine - to visit this fantastic city.I couldn't believe the location of the hotel, it was great, right beside the junction of 5th &amp; Broadway and next to the Flat Iron Building. I enjoy antiques and got a further surprise, when I found that the street was full of antique shops and home to a flea market at the weekend, where I got some great bargains. The street does look a bit rough, but I never had a problem with anyone. The hotel has good facilities for its price. My room was clean, and kept clean every day by the cleaners. It had a shower with hot water, a large comfortable bed and a TV with about 20 stations. I know we don't go on holiday to watch TV but its good if you don't want to be out at night. The room also had an electronic safe. The view from the window was a brick wall, I laughed when I looked out and thought it was quite novel after seeing so many movies featuring the city. It's all part of the experience. In the reception, there are vendors, phones and a computer offering internet access, which was great for communicating with people back home. The staff were very helpful and friendly - I bought a phone card at the Empire State and couldn't get it to work right, asked the receptionist at Arlington for help and she phoned the number and put me through free of charge. The card wasn't working because I forgot to skip the &quot;0&quot; at the start of the area code, there's a handy tip! There is also a Chinese restaurant on the ground floor, I never ate there, so can't tell you what the food's like. Just around the corner is a small grocery shop which offers a good selection of hot and cold snacks. I usually went there in the morning for breakfast on the move and then on to McDonalds, Burger King and loads of sandwich bars at night. There is a nice restaurant at the Rockefeller centre, but if you want to eat there, remember and pack for the dress code.I never took a taxi or the subway anywhere except to and from the airport. I just liked to walk from place to place and take in as much of the city as possible. Add to that, they drive like maniacs, practically every car has a dent! The hotel is only a short walk from the Empire State Building, which offers stunning views of the city and is close to many points of interest. Overall, I thought the hotel was great. The decor was out of date but who cares? Your here to admire and enjoy the city, not the confines of your hotel. It it does the job especially for someone like me on a budget. I can't understand all the negative comments other people have made. The staff were friendly, the room comfortable and clean, great location and cheap - What more do you want? If you have the money, then spend it on a better hotel rather than be a stooge. You get what you pay for. If -no- WHEN I go back to New York, I'll be staying here again for sure!The attached photo is a view from the top of the Empire State looking towards downtown Manhattan. I have pinpointed where the hotel is. You can see hotel from the ESB. The hotel is just in front and to the left of the green church roof.	
May 9 2005	Low-Rate Smelly Rat Trap	Not a good value---actually a DANK dismal, depressing place on a block which matches it. I paid $119 for one nite--never again. The late nite and a.m. Front desk staff (dressed very casually) were polite, but my stay was brief. I can see why another reviewer could not get a customer satisfaction survey. The owner should hide under his desk in a fetal position rather than take the likely bad feedback.MY REVIEW: Where do I start? OK--SLEAZE bag decor, narrow, ugly corridors and multiple twists and fire doors to get to your equally ugly room (Bathroom was clean with hot water). Entire place looks unkept. TV is basic, few stations, poor reception--no cable noted. Locks poor--I put a chair against the door. Carpets look like old indoor-outdoor style. THE WORST PART? My window looked out on HELL--a clump of filthy rags hanging on barbed-wire, backed by a brick wall of filthy windows in the adjoining building's window. The front desk acted like this was a surprise to them. UGH. There are far toooo many hotels in NYC to go this route. The Milford, for instance, may have small rooms, but the overall experience isTONS better and the neighborhood superior.	
May 7 2005	Funky but cool	May 2-5. After reading the previous posts here about the Arlington Hotel, I wasn’t sure what to expect. Upon arrival I laughed to myself as I, like the other reviewers, immediately noticed the slight smell of cigarette smoke and general mustiness. My first impression of the room was “kinda dumpy”, but after awhile, the place began to grow on me.The room was clean as was the bathroom. No bugs or critters of any kind to be found. The shower pressure was great and plenty of hot water. Yeah, the towels were thin, but they gave us as many as we wanted. There was a safe in the room as well as a fridge, TV, phone, AC and dresser. (if you want a pen – bring one! No pens/paper in room) Vending machines were in the lobby (drink, snack, internet, ATM) No ice machine on premises. That would have been nice.We were on the inside side with the closed-in breezeway. At first I was bummed that we had no view, but soon realized that it was much quieter than the streetside in the city that truly never sleeps. My biggest complaint was the size of the beds. I was there with a friend and we had 2 twin beds, which are about 5’10” long. I am 6’3, my friend, 6’5.The location is great… Only 2 blocks (about a 2 minute walk) to the subways. Call the hotel directly for room rates before booking with an internet site. Their rack rate was $10/night cheaper than I paid on hotels.com. All in all, if you are looking for a clean place without any hassles, this property was well worth the $.	
May 5 2005	Cheap - but below par	The Arlington Hotel is priced right for the budget traveler - - - but when I return to New York City, I will probably spend a little more money for a slightly nicer hotel. The Arlington is suffering from neglect - - - and was in need a some cleaning, plus the bed was not comfortable (old lumpy mattress) - the shower head was missing, and so was the knob on the air conditioner. The staff was pleasant enough. I recommend it as an acceptable budget hotel in a safe and convenient neighborhood - but don't expect too many creature comforts.	
Apr 13 2005	what do you want for the price	come on give the hotel a break,if you want a classy hotel with room service,bell boys,and fancy dinners and some one to wipe your bottom go some where else,its new york why do you want to spend time in the hotel anyway.i found it just what i needed a place to crash for four nights and in a good area as well quite central to everywhere and i thought the staff were great they said hello and good morning what you wanting an invite for dinner.if you don't want much for the the money you paid try it out i thought it were greeeeaaatttt.new york is amazing and it was my first time there by the way have a great time you will love it.	
Apr 6 2005	excellent	We have just returned from 5 wonderful days in New York and having booked a quad room last September at the Arlington we were very pleased to find our budget accomodation was warm, clean had very comfy beds and was in the best location for sight seeing. No its not very appealing to look at but as you are out all day and just need some where to sleep its absolutely ideal.	
Mar 17 2005	Have relalistic expectations and this hotel is OK :-)	The Arlington is actually a perfectly sound budget hotel which I would be happy to recommend to anyone looking for budget accomodation in NYC. What you have to be prepared to accept is the inevitable shortcomings of budget accomodation. This was our first trip to NYC from the UK. Upon arrival the exterior of the hotel is uninspiring, although the reception staff were courteous and polite throughout. Probably the most distressing time was the initial journey to the room. Hallways and corridors ARE rather tired and shabby and even the rooms appear low rent at first sight. What we soon relaised was that this WAS budget accomodation, but that important things were there. The rooms were clean and serviced daily, there was a safe in the room, and the staff were friendly. I would certainly stay there again	
Mar 15 2005	Good location done the job...	Just got back from NY and found this hotel to be ideal for what we wanted. Due to the fact we were only looking for a room with a bathroom this was ideal. I agree with an earlier post in that the corridors did smell odd but was more then happy with our room which was clean and perfect for our stay. Good location for sightseeing giving you oppurtunity to easily reach downtown or the Times Square areas easily by foot or Subway. An absolute must when visiting NY is a visit to Cafe Wha (bar/club) on Macdougall Street, Greenwich on a wednesday or Sunday when the resident band play who are amazing.	
Mar 5 2005	Good value and location	On our first trip to New York City in September 2004, we stayed at the Arlington Hotel.Compared with other hotel rates in the city, the Arlington seemed much less expensive and so we were not expecting the height of luxury. However, we were pleasantly surprised by the standard of accomodation. The room was basic, but kept very clean; en-suite bathroom with shower, TV, safe, telephone, desk, air conditioning and comfortable beds. The staff were friendly and in the lobby area there are some vending machines, a small shop selling postcards, etc, a telephone and internet access. There is also a small Chinese take-away restaurant accessible from the hotel lobby with 3 or 4 tables that you can sit at if you are looking for a cheap meal before heading out for the night.Located close to the Flatiron building, almost at the junction of Broadway and 5th Avenue, the Arlington is in a wonderful central spot of Manhatten - a few minutes from the Empire State building and there are plenty of pubs, clubs, shops and restaurants within easy walking distance.I would definately stay there again and highly recommend it to those who want a comfortable (but not luxury) place to sleep - if you ever feel you want to sleep when there is so much happening in New York City!	
Mar 2 2005	Don't expect too much....	Booked this hotel in September 2004 for a weekend trip in February 2005. Made it clear that we wanted a TWIN room (just me and my 15 year old son going). When we arrived, no twin room available. I wasn't impressed, especially as I'd booked so far in advance AND already paid. Eventually we were offered a fold-up bed. To be fair, they brought it up to our room straight away. The room was at the back of the hotel so fairly quiet. The hotel in general could do with some love and attention but it's clean. We had to ask for extra blankets as the room was very cold, but we weren't in it for long. At least the shower was hot! Good location although for the money I'd rather go to the Newton (stayed there last year) 2528 Broadway.	
Mar 1 2005	ok hotel bad staff!!!!!	We visited this hotel from 21st feb-27feb 2005. As soon as we checked in we encountered a problem. The man behind reception obviously had better things to be doing, than doing his job. He was rude and couln't wait to get rid of us. We got into our room and found the same problem as, Boston Dec 2004 did, the room was so hot, we had all windows open at all times. However the room was clean and tidy. When we travel we like to do our own thing, however some things arose where we asked the staff for some help, ie airport transfers which we paid 52 dollars for. We booked the time of the transfer with the staff behind reception for 4.30PM to go to the airport. At 4.30 am we were woken from our sleep, and being rudely asked why we were not downstairs! An honest mistake, maybe??? Our receipt stated that we were to be picked up at PM. The problem was how badly we were treated. We later went downstairs to confirm that our booking was still confirmed for the afternoon, again this was to much of an effort for the staff and again were treated badly by the staff. I would like to say that it was only one staff member that was rude, however they were ALL rude, unprofessional, and unwilling to help us.Overall, we had a clean room in a hotel with a good location. However if you would like to be treated with respect DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!!	
Feb 19 2005	DISGUSTING HOTEL	If you ever get the chance to go to NYC DO NOT stay in the Arlington Hotel . We stayed there unfortunately as we had been appointed by a travel agents and did not have much choice. The reception is filthy and has a chinese restaraunt attached which is basically a 'down and out' drop in centre!! The rooms are smelly dingy and the bedding had hairs in it. I was forced to buy my own bedding and pillows as I couldn't bring myself to sleep on the hotels sheets. We stayed for 3 nights and eventually checked out as the final straw were mice running around in the ceiling!!!!!!!!!!! Our room door was tried for entry one night and because we were in we didn't get robbed but we basically felt vulnerable and unsafe at all times in this Hotel. The smell on the corridor was so bad( like body odour) that we had to spray air freshner so that it did not seep into our room. We have travelled to New York on numerous occassions and have never stayed in such a dump in our lives. Whatever you do do not inflict a stay at the Arlington on yourself you will truly regret it!!!!!!	
Feb 19 2005	Great Value Great Location Great Hotel.	Absolutely no complaints about this hotel and would definitely stay there again. For the price you pay you'd be a fool to expect a spacious, pristinely decorated room with top of the range gadgets.It's clean (maid service daily), it's warm, there's plenty of hot water and the staff are competent and accommodating. Then there's the location: Less than 15 minute walk to the Empire State Building and a very pleasant 30 minute walk to Times Square.If money is an issue then this is the hotel for you. If it isn't then enjoy your limo to the luxury 5 star hotel of your choice!!	
Feb 9 2005	GOOD NO FRILLS HOTEL	After reading some of the negative reviews, i was prepared for the worst, however was pleasantly surprised. We would recommend room 603 if you are a party of 3-4 people. The room was split into two seperate rooms. one with a double bed and twins in the other. The room ,bedding and bathroom was clean. There is a fridge, safe and tv in the room.We had a View of the main street which looked a bit shady, however if you look up towards the sky, you get a great view of the Empire state building. The heating was on the brink a couple of times and when it was reported, the staff didn`t come up and fix it. It seemed to resolve it self for some reason. The club 40/40 is along the street but we didn`t hear excessive noise. In the hall on our floor there was a stench of mold and urine but we just thought it was funny as we had read other previous reviews about this. The room certainly didn`t smell of this. The staff do charge to keep your luggage but it is a small charge of $1.50 and it is kept in a safe place. I honestly cannot fault this hotel. It is every thing what i would expect from a budget hotel in NY. It is a no frills hotel where you are safe in your room at night with a clean bed and a hot shower. What more do you need when your out all day. Would use this hotel again:) 	
Feb 9 2005	great deal and lots of room for NYC!	Easy and cooperative staff, very reasonable price, and was given a single w/ extra bedroom and private bathroom. Very important to me! Overall, surprisingly good. Location- easy access, neat architecture. Id go again if I can't splurge on a&quot;fancy&quot; hotel. 	
Feb 3 2005	ok hotel	Hotel is ok for the money. The rooms were bearable seeing as you don't have to spend long in them. Carpets were dirty but sheets on bed clean and clean towels. Good location and there is the 40/40 nightclub next door which is great. No view but not that bothard about one.Bit annoyed that on the last night we reported the heating wasn't working and nothing was done about it. Spent the last night absolutley freezing which was a bit bad seeing as it was so cold outside.All in all if you just want to make it as cheap as poss i would recommend here. Thought it was a bit cheeky that the hotel makes you pay a fee to store your bags in a room after you have checked out	
Jan 20 2005	Terrific Bargain!!	Decided to book a room here after reading lots of your reviews. Was not disappointed at all. We had a great room on the 6th floor facing the Empire State Building during the week after Christmas and including New Year's Eve at a price that was insanely low, especially compared to what many other so-called budget hotels were charging. A lot of people, in their reviews, complained about the noise from Club 40/40 next door, but even with our window open, it wasn't loud enough to bother us. The desk people were always helpful when asked anything. Yes, the rooms are on the small side, the bathroom is tiny, the towels are skimpy, and the hallways narrow, but who cares? We didn't come to NYC to spend our time in the hotel, and the shower was hot, the room was clean (w/a frig in it even), the heater worked great and everything was functional. Also, the room was cute; with art deco sconces on the wall and the room painted a bright apricot. The location was fantastic! We walked everywhere from shopping in Soho to back from Times Square on New Year's Eve (a long walk), and we'd definitely stay here again!	
Jan 7 2005	not bad at all !	We stayed at the arlington just before christmas and found it to be just what we expected for the price, cheap and cheerful! Most importantly though it was clean and although the decor was slightly dated I would recommend this simply for the excellent location, right near the flat iron building and a five minute walk from macey's. We would definitely stay here again, unless we won the lottery of course, and use our money for what new york is most famous for, shopping !	
Jan 4 2005	Not very good but not bad either...	My boyfriend and I went to this hotel 2 years ago in July. The rooms are normal size, the carpet was a bit dirty, so were the walls. We didn't have a view, but then we didn't ask... I can't say the bathroom was dirty, it seemed clean but when the decoration of a room is updated, it always looks dirty and that was the case...Anyway, the staff was quite nice, the hotel seemed popular with european students, there were germans teens running all over the place !!! Also the hotel is very well located, near flatiron building and that is a good point. So if you're on a budget, this hotel may be good for you, but make sure you know it's not a 3 star one...	
Dec 15 2004	Cramped and dirty but OK in a pinch	Stayed at the Arlington 12/13/04. Even at a budget hotel, I expect a clean room. It was a bit musty, and the hallway of the 5th floor had a distinct tinge of urine and ashtray smells. The room itself was just barely OK with an almost comfortable bed, lousy pillows, and a steam pipe that gave off so much heat that even in winter, with all the windows open, it was still unbearably hot and dry. Unfortunately, we were in a pinch and got referred to this hotel by another hotel that displaced us, so we had no real choice in the matter. Tiny rooms, tiny bed, scratchy linens and useless towels. The water pressure was akin to be urinated on by a Chihuahua. Just generally a bit skanky, but pretty much what we expected upon walking through the door.	
Dec 13 2004	This does the job if you're on a budget	My girlfriend and I stayed in a double room here for four nights in December 2004.We were initially apprehensive due to the cheesy neon HOTEL sign outside as we approached along 25th street, complete with dodgy letter 'O'! The lobby, lift and hallway are all fairly skanky, with a dodgy smell in the corridor. So we weren't looking forward to entering the room, however it was fine.There was a clean comfortable bed, adequate lighting, a TV, fridge, safe, tables and mirror. The bathroom is small but the shower is hot, and not unappealing to use. Although I maybe wouldn't want to have a bath!Our room also had a chest of drawers and a walk-in wardrobe. All quite usable.Window had ugly view out to fire escapes etc, but there are big thick curtains which you can keep closed.The radiator makes a bizarre hissing sound when you switch it on, this is quite unnerving. But it's ok really.Towels were replaced every day, and the bed was made up with fresh sheets. It was nice and quiet in the evenings, and is in a safe area. It's a stone's throw from the Flatiron building so nice and central, about 10 minutes walk from Penn station, and handy for buses and subway.Carpets are rather old and the room really could use a lick of paint. Oh, and the door rattled a bit whenever the fire doors in the corridor were opened/closed.But it's safe, clean and comfortable and that's what matters. At around $150/night, this is excellent value for a capital city (especially for us lucky UK tourists with ultra low $/£ prices right now). If price matters to you then this is a very good base from which to explore the big apple.	
Dec 13 2004	If you value your night's sleep go elsewhere	This was our first time in New York. I realize that finding a good hotel at a fair price is impossible but for $155/night I expected better. The room and bathroom were clean although the furnishing were Spartan at best. The lobby and hallway were dirty and smell of urine. The staff was not helpful at all (always on the phone). We could have overlooked all these things but could not overlook the nightclub below which spewed out music well in the night. After the club closed (4am) the patrons decided to bring the party outside so we were entertained until 5:30am by the sounds of rap music, car alarms, horns and people, in various stages of inebriation, practically screaming. If you value a good night sleep after an exhausting day of sightseeing and shopping avoid this place.	
Dec 9 2004	Never go there!	I really don't like to leave negative feedbacks, but that is due!The reservation was made by a friend of mine so i had not the chance to check the Hotel b4 booking.Shame on me.Fact is the hotel is real cheap and is poor too! We spent there 2 nights: the first one i couldn't get any sleep cos a heating pipe made a terrible noise all nite long: i asked the front desk to change room and they did: they gave us another room (#405, noisy one was 406) on the road, quite noisy but not for the heating pipe.Clean? Forget it. Beds and linens itched, bathrooms were ugly. Won't stay there another time. If you really would like to experience a good one, see my review of the Second House on Second Ave, whose daily rate for the Modern Suite is 155 $... quite the same price we paid for a double room at the Arlington. Needless to say the staf at Arlington were not so helpful: i asked them about the little flea market across the street (it is held EVERY GIVEN SUNDAY) and they told me nothing, just shrugged and said &quot;don't know nuthin&quot;... They charge you for 1-800 calls (if i recall correctly it's 1,09 $) and they also charge you for every piece of luggage you leave at the facility when you ahve a late flight (1,50 each). A chinese take away is on basement floor though i have to say, no fancy smell came thru the Hotel.I know you don't go in NYC to stay within an hotel rooms, but still i wouldn't stay there again. The aisles on the 4th floor were quite smelly, though no coackroaches were to be seen.	
Dec 6 2004	Great value for money	Stayed 23rd Nov - 30th found hotel to be excellent value for money. Rooms cleaned every day with clean towels (although a bit thin on quality) changed daily. Great position just around corner from Flatiron building and 10 mins walk Empire State, Macy's and Times Square. Staff were friendly and helpful. Did not use chinese next door but this was by preference. Would stay here again next time in New York.	
Nov 30 2004	Basic Hotel....Low Prices	We picked this hotel from reviews on this website. We did our homework and didn't expect much more than a place to sleep and shower. We were not disappointed in the least. Staff was more than helpful and kind. If you are budget minded...this is your hotel. We are 4 females and never felt unsafe in the area or the hotel. Kudos to staff member Patricia for all her help.	
Nov 4 2004	Good for the price	We stayed at the Arlington for 3 nights during july. The room was clean and the beds were comfortably. The bathroom although small was very clean, the shower worked well and was always hot. We had a room at the back so it was very quite although the veiw out of the window was of a fire esacpe. The staff were helpful, we twice had a problem with our safe and both times it was sorted out straight away. This hotel is in a good location and the subway is only two blocks away. If your in new york to see the sights and not to sit in your hotel room then for the price this hotel is excellent, i would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2004	Arlington Hotel	We booked at the Arlington for 5 nights after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. I would recommend the Arlington for budget-minded travellers, but there are some things to be aware of. First, make sure you book a room with a private bathroom - we had one, but were around the corner from the shared bathroom and the smell was quite something! Our room was small and there were virtually no amenities (not even Kleenex!), but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. For me, this was the most important consideration. However, there is a nightclub a couple of doors down from the hotel, and while it wasn't a problem during the week, on Friday and Saturday night, the noise kept us up most of the night (till after 4:00). On the upside, it's a great central location, right near Gramercy, walkable to Washington Square Park and the Village, Madison Square Park is right there, and there are some very good restaurants in nearby Gramercy. Just watch out for that nightclub...	
Oct 26 2004	Liked it!	just back from a weekend at the Arlington and agree with the others reviewers - it is basic and clean and it's selling point is it's fabulous location between 5th and 6th avenues on west 25th street. It's right by 23rd street subway station and there are good bus routes on 5th ave (for downtown) and 6th ave (for uptotwn). less than 10 blocks away is the Empire State Building. A room at the back of the hotel is quieter and there is plenty of hot water for showers. As other posters have pointed out, you don't gop to NYC to spend your days in a hotel...A word of warning: don't go to the Rogue Bar on 6th Avenue and 24th -it's a rip-off - over 7$ for a glass of wine and 7$ for a beer - you can do better!	
Oct 19 2004	Very convenient. Basic but clean and great for the price.	We stayed in the Arlington for a week at the beginning of October and we had an excellent time. The hotel is just off Broadway in midtown - really convenient for seeing all the sights in that area. Alternatively, if you want to travel downtown or uptown, you are less than 5 minutes walk away from 3 different subway lines, which makes it really easy to get around. The inside of the hotel is a bit shabby - they could definitely do some work updating and improving the reception area - but the staff are very friendly and helpful.Our room was quite dark but there was good lighting in the bathroom (very important for us girls when we're getting ready to go out!) It was amazingly quiet at night and the bed was comfortable. It was also a good size with ample storage space, including a safe and a fridge, which was very useful.We were out for most of the time during the day and when we came back it was great to find the room cleaned and fresh towels put out (albeit sometimes a little bit worn).If you are planning a busy holiday in New York and you aren't planning to spend too much time in the hotel then I would definitely recommend the Arlington. Everything you need is provided, it's very central and it's cheap!	
Oct 7 2004	Our visit was great! Loved the staff!! Very clean!!	I am used to staying at the wyndam hotel every where else i go, so i was a little afraid of what we would be getting. It is a budget hotel, but the staff was so helpful when we needed directions. They would map it out and even gave us maps. They stored our luggage when we first got there because it was before check in. The rooms were very clean, in fact we got upgraded from a double room to a triple room! We had no problems whatsoever. It is also in a great location to go see things and close to the subway!! I highly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a hotel with a good price!!	
Oct 1 2004	budget your expectations for a budget price	I stayd at the Arlington hotel last week of July. I booked based on recommendations seen onthis site an the price $115. both the lobby and rooms were rather worn and basic but for the money in NYC cant expect much else. The two lifts are old and very slow. I had a double room on 10th floor and would echo the comments made about the back roms not getting much light but being quiet. Hot water was plentiful and air conditioning worked though was rather noisy.Hotel is only a few blocks walk from the nearest subway station so handy for getting out towards the sights and nightlife. Overall hotel matched expectations - and provided you go in with eyes open I would recommend the Arlington for those who want to keep their money to spend in the shops or bars etc	
Oct 1 2004	Good times at the Arlington Hotel	We stayed at the Arlington Hotel on 25th St. Let me tell you we were pleasantly surprised. We arrived and expected some crummy little room, since we could not afford something more luxurious, but we got a big room with all the necessary comforts. We were on a budget while in New York, and the Arlington was perfect. Great location, very comfortable, quiet, great price and most importantly very clean. We had a great stay there and will definately go back. My stay there definately makes me want to go back real soon, we had some good times at the Arlington in fabulous New York City.	
Sep 23 2004	clean and affordable	if your looking for a luxurious hotel in nyc then dont go to the arlington but when visiting new york who wants to stay in their hotel room ? if you are looking for clean but affordable this hotel is for you. The room was clean with a safe and t.v the bathroom was spotless daily room service was good aswell . good location too just a short walk to times square but just as easy to head downtown aswell. I travelled to nyc in august and most hotel prices were very expensive but the arlington was very reasonable .	
Sep 22 2004	basic	I stayed at this hotel on the basis of the positive reviews on this site. I was rather disappointed--the rooms are certainly clean, if a bit worn and stained, my main beef is about the bed linen and towels which were so old that they were getting very thin in places. The room I had was also very dark even in the middle of the day.	
Sep 20 2004	All I needed it to be	After reading some terrifying reviews of low budget hotels in New York, I was still unsure of what a hotel costing only slight more would behold, thankfully the Arlington was nothing of the sort. The staff were friendly and quickly got us checked in. The triple room I had with my brothers was clean and came with a mini fridge, free use of the room safe, large tv, good air conditioning unit and a decent power shower, oh and three single beds! (phew, no fights over which two have to share the double) The location just off Broadway couldn't have been more central (just a mile from Time Square and across from the Flat Iron building.) The room was cleaned every day with the beds made and towels changed. Ok, it's rough around the edges with chipped paint work and the lift is the last word in speed but it's excellent value for money, secure and in a good, safe, central location to get out and about in Manhattan. I'd happily use them again.	
Sep 18 2004	Clean and Functional	Just got back from a 4 night stay at this very hotel and i must say i was very pleased with my choice! I shared a room with my two brothers and we were expecting perhaps one double bed and a sofa/fold out bed but no, we had three single beds! What a bonus! Not something you really see in any hotels but it really gave us all 4 good night sleeps.The bathroom was small, but perfectly fine. The shower was great, really powerfull and hot at all times. The room was cleaned everyday and we got fresh towels and soap. Plus there is a free safe in the room which was a great surprise.As for other reviews saying that the area was a bit rough, i didnt really see any evidence of that. We had a couple of late nights and didnt feel uneasy making our way back to the area. Hope this review helps! If your looking for clean, functional and in a great location the Arlington is for you.	
Aug 14 2004	Arlington is cool	I like this hotel! Good bargain, great location (near three subway lines) and very comfortable. Room was a decent size, very clean and there were plenty of hangers for your clothes (small detail but means lots to me). If you're looking for a good economy hotel, nothing fancy in a great location, book this hotel.	
Jul 29 2004	great hotel friendly staff bad nieghborhood...	This is a nice hotel in all..the staff was nice...but the nieghborhood was bad...me and my friend were scared to stay out past 9.,.the rooms were nice and neat...the only other problem is everyone said it has the perfect location near everything...i went there and i felt we were out in the bonies we had a nice walk to even go anywhere...over all its a nice hotel...and i recommned to stay there if u like to walk	
Jul 25 2004	Grand Place to Stay	I booked the Arlington last minute and used the reviews here to decide what would be a good hotel for a low price and I was not dissappointed. I stayed in a twin room from july 7th to july 21st. Location: The hotel is in a great location, at the corner of 5th and Broadway. The Flatiron building is round the corner, the Empire State Building is less than a ten minute walk away as is Penn station, Madison Square garden and lots of shopping. There are some great bars nearby too such as the Flatiron lounge (really good cocktails and a great atmosphere). Theres also a Subway around the corner that brings you to times square, central park and downtown. Plus a 24 hour deli at the end of the block for food. On saturday and sunday there's a huge antique market across the road from the hotel. Hotel: We asked for a twin room and got room 911. A little worrying but everything was fine. The beds were comfy, the room was clean, the tv, fridge and safe worked, we couldn't hear noise from any other room and there was always hot water no matter when we showered. We were at the rear facing a an internal courtyard so didn't get much light, but there was no noise from the street. The aircon was in the window and a bit rattly sometimes but i never woke up with a sore throat that aircon causes usually so i'm not complaining. The staff were great and the lady on reception was really friendly and helpful. There's a place to store your luggage on the last day and arranging a shuttle to the airport was easy. There's an internet kiosk in the lobby (which has amazing ceiling plasterwork) but it's a bit expensive. We mainly used the easyeverything in times square. All in all, i was really happy with the hotel, it's great value for what you get. Don't go expecting a five star luxury place and you won't be dissappointed, it's easily as nice as some 3star places i've stayed and i'll definitaly stay there again. And a quick tip, there's 2 elevators not just one, the second one is opposite the gift store and no-one seemed to use it but us when we were there.	
Jul 16 2004	You get what you paid for	Room is small, but it has everything that a two stars hotel would have. Bed is small, for a 5'11&quot;, my feet was hanging out at the edge of the bed. I went with relatives and friends. I must said the size of the rooms varies. #1110 was smaller than #307 and #307 was smaller than #301. In all three rooms, none was suited with two beds (as displayed on expedia) I guess we were expecting to see two beds per room, but were disappointed when arrived. BUT location is a plus!! If you just need a place to sleep at night and goes out during the day, this is a good bargain (as many have mentioned, you get your own bath in your own room, thus one of our room has a very tiny bathroom).Club 40/40 is just few hundred feet away from the hotel. We even saw a Maybach and a Bently parked near the hotel :)Hotel staffs were very nice and friendly.If they can improve one thing, that would be get a bigger and more comfortable bed. I wasn't able to get a good night sleep the first two nights.	
Jul 15 2004	Clean great location and cheap	We stayed there on may 2004. You get what you expect for the price. I've to admit that I was a little worried about cheap hotels in new york. We chose these one because it was the only hotel for that price that did not have bad reviews (bugs!), and because it had safe box at the room, and fridge. The room was very clean when we got there, but I'm not sure that the maid cleaned during our stay. But the sheets were changed every day!. The bathroom was o.k. too, but very tiny towels. We asked for more and there was no problem. Remeber to ask at the front desk if you have any message, because they dont tell you if you dont ask. But people there is kind.Three subway stations near. Excelent location, quiet nightborhood. I think that for the price, it is the best option. I will stay there if I go to NYC again!	
Jul 5 2004	Perfect for what we wanted.	The hotel room was excellant. The room was large enough, clean, comfortable and the bathroom was lovely. Basically if you just want somewhere nice to sleep this was perfect and for the price, superb. The tv was big and the fridge, airconditioning and safe were in working order. All the rooms are similar so there are no risks and the maids do a good job daily. The only thing to watch at this hotel is the reception. It is small and inefficient and there were some messages that we did not receive, do not rely on them. I had a brilliant time in New York and it will not disapoint. Remember that the cars dont stop for you to cross theroad and tax is added on after pricing. Otherwise have a good trip, you will not be disapointed if you stay here.	
Jun 29 2004	Worth every dollar you pay	We (I and three others) stayed at Arlington hotel one week in May 2004. Just like the subject says, you really get value for every dollar you pay: 149 $ (including taxes) for 4, you really can't beat that, right?LOCATION: Great location, walking distance from many interesting locations (E.g. Flatiron building, ESB, Union square and charming Madison square park) and near metro stations. We used metro a lot, and found it fast, safe and the network was extensive. Even though we like to walk in the cities, it is wise to travel fast to the location you are interested in with metro and then walk as long as you like and then take metro back to your hotel.RECEPTION: We arrived quite late to the hotel, and the receptionist was very friendly and helpful (behind the bullet proof glass, but I understand that it is more or less common in New York). Later on the other employees we saw were not that friendly, but every time we needed or asked something we were served seemly (at least in Finnish standards).ELEVATOR AND CORRIDORS: Elevator was ok, and pretty spacious also, corridors not so inspiring, but hey, who spends more time in corridors than is needed? Anyway, after the narrow passage to our room, we were just a little afraid what waited us behind the door.ROOM: However, our frights were not met, and the room was clean, pretty spacious and decently decorated. I wouldn't recommend eating from the floors, but if you do that in any place, maybe you should try and seek help anyway :) We had two bedroom junior-suite, but I think the only reason it was called suite was because it had two rooms. The beds were pretty firm, even hard you might say, but every morning I said to my wife that they were actually quite good to sleep in. The view was not to be called anything but the wall for the next building, but it also meant that there were no street noise at all. Air-conditioning was basic &quot;window-installed&quot; box, working and useful even in May (outside temperatures were from 20 - 30 degrees Celcius). TV with maybe 20 channels, and a refrigerator which was not working when we arrived, but was fixed immediately when we asked for it.BATHROOM: Ok, next to the bathroom, decent with shower and bath. I didn't try the bath, but shower worked fine, considering the two faucet system they still use in the US, it takes five minutes to adjust the water temperature right (that's because the system not the hotel). Enough hot water for all four of us. Towels were quite small, though they were changed regularly and were clean. Overall, the bathroom was not luxurious by any standards, but either we weren't fright to use it when needed to.MISCELLANEOUS: No breakfast included, but no problem to find good diners and delis nearby. Good selection of brochures, &quot;what to do&quot; leaflets and maps in the lobby. If you have a spesific question about the hotel or NY, I will gladly help if I can. Sadly one week is not enough in NY, but now we know what to do next time. Have a very nice stay in NY! We surely did.	
Jun 29 2004	Location location	I went to New York 2 times from Taiwan in 2003. My trip was lovely. First time went alone, second time with my brother. Staying at Arlington Hotel make my trip more enjoyable, all because of the &quot;LOCATION&quot; &amp; &quot;LOCATION&quot; again, have own bathroom, safe and refridge even a plus plus. Especially at the end of a day...you would know, what so important about the location...by the way, QVB supermarket just around the corner and Starbucks Coffee...Fuel of my seoul...next time to New York....Arlington again...	
Jun 28 2004	Cheap clean great location		
Apr 27 2004	Clean Comfy and Central		
Mar 26 2004	Brilliant Location!		
Feb 10 2004	Great Value for money		
Nov 27 2003	Great hotel on a budget		
Nov 20 2003	You get what you pay for		
Nov 16 2003	I can see the Empire State Building !!!!		
Oct 23 2003	Hey at least you're not sharing a bathroom!		
Jun 24 2003	Best on a budget		
Mar 21 2003	Great Travelers Hotel!		
Nov 6 2009 	logement de bonne qualité mais accueil inexistant !		
Oct 9 2009 	Bien placé mais à éviter		
Sep 26 2009 	pulito e confortevole		
Apr 4 2009 	Sehr gutes Preis/Leistungs-Verhältnis - Alles Nötige Vorhanden		
Feb 10 2009 	très bon accueil très bon service très bien situé		
Jan 23 2009 	gute Lage gutes Hotel - aber saukalt!		
Jun 3 2007	Bon hôtel		
