	Great location combined with a luxury hotel.	I thought the Hotel Gansevoort was an ideal combination of location and hotel. As a first time visitor to NYC, I really enjoyed the trendy neighborhood (ie., great restaurants, shopping, and clubs). The Chelsea food market, Magnolia's bakery, STK - to name a few. It makes me salivate just thinking of these culinary delights! The hotel is modern and tastefully appointed. The room was very comfortable and offered a spacious bathroom. I certainly appreciated many of the little details that had been included in the room. Some hotels promise - Hotel Gansevoort delivers. The staff were extremely helpful in assisting us with our local destinations - suggesting great night spots, transportation routes, and other miscellaneous details. It made our vacation the best trip of our lives!	
	BEWARE - You won't get any sleep	Took my fiance here on a saturday night because she had just arrived from the airport and wanted to celebrate. I hadn't seen her in a month. The room they gave me , the bed was broken. They sent someone up to fix it because apparently the slats fell out (it's a memory foam mattress). Even after they fixed it the bed was wobbly and would sink in the middle. The windows were stuck and wouldn't even close properly, besides the windows being paper thin. There was also a dead roach by the table in the center of the room. I heard the sounds of cabs beeping all night as well as buses and trucks moving by. I checked out around 4 am after being unable to sleep. I talked to the staff and they wouldn't change my room nor would send anyone to fix the bed or window. They said the windows are just thin, fixing it to close won't do anything. They also said the bed was fixed, which it really wasn't. I routinely travel and have never had an experience like this except at a motel in long island many years ago. A hotel doesn't treat people like this.	
	Best Bar in New York	Hotel is modern, the rooms are pretty much right out of &quot;dwell&quot; magazine very cool. Staff are great and the rooms are very clean. In New York we did not know what to tip housekeeping so we just put most of our change under the pillow each day (around 4-5 bucks) When we got back every day our room was spotless. I have to say that I have trouble sleeping if the room is dirty, not here. The cleanest hotel I have been to-period.The location is great, you are within 3 blocks of the east west and north south subway lines (8th and 14th st) Also 1 block away from the Chelsea food market (a must see visit but only takes about 30 min to go through) as for walking if you walk fast you can count for about 45 seconds per block, but the general rule is about 1 minute. so from here to the start of central park (8th and 60th) will take you about 45 min to walk. You are within a 1 hour walk of all the museums but the subway is very safe and will take you about 5-10 min to get to where you want to go. We walked for the first 2 days and then started running out of time, so started taking the subway every where. Don't go by some 80's b horror movie, the New York system is fine very safe, very fast and very easy to understand.Well as for the title the roof top bar seems to be the new &quot;it&quot; place in NYC, but as a guest you get in for free and get to dodge the couple hundred investment bakers, lawyers and stock brokers in line. The views from the roof are awesome, tunes are great and the drinks aren't that bad (about 9 bucks for a pint of stella and 12 bucks for a glass of red).The bar is a must see I went there three out of the five nights I was there, even if it was just for a night cap.Maurice from Kamloops	
	Just the getaway this mom needed!	I desperately needed time away from my child, where I could shop ‘til I drop and pamper myself to the fullest. A friend highly recommended the Gansevoort Hotel in New York so I went on line and booked the moment I dropped my little one off to mom and dad…Upon my arrival I was greeted by very upbeat staff that made it clear that I was in good hands. The rooms aren’t the biggest but have all the comforts you need and it is NYC after all… Apart from all the great shopping in the area, the hotel has everything you could ever need to escape. A fabulous sushi restaurant and a breathtaking roof top pool bar that hosts some best times I’ve had in years… Location is everything in NYC and the hotel is steps away from the famous STK where I had melt in your mouth mini burgers.I highly recommend this tightly run boutique hotel to anyone. The perfect heaven when planning a trip to big apple.	
Nov 26 2009 	Fantastic Hotel.	I love this hotel, we've been back about 3 times now. Meatpacking district is my favourite area to stay in. Such a buzzing area. I think once you've done all your sightseeing and want to go back to NY for the shopping / food / nightlife then meatpacking is best to stay. Especially the Gansevoort. Service is great, rooms are spacious for NY standards. Restaurants in the area are great, as are shops. The spa is superb.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Gansevoort in August with my wife and another couple. We had a blast.Beautiful rooms and great service. We really enjoyed the area with all the great restaurants at the doorstep. We will definately return.	
Nov 22 2009 	Uptown service with downtown delights	I revisited the 'Voort recently and had a very nice experience. Room was changed with no trouble when there was a problem. Doormen super-friendly, as well. Just want to remind folks that both the Highline and Hudson River Park are minutes away, and you can cycle, skate, run, walk the length of the island at your leisure. I ran up HRP and cut in at 74th to Central Park and ran around the reservoir and back. I had a cocoa on the highline for my cooldown! Really fun!	
Nov 13 2009 	A very good hotel	Rooms are comfortable, service is good...Great food 1 block away at Vento.	
Nov 11 2009 	The perfect place for a perfect anniversary!!	I read all the Trip Advisor reviews before making my reservation. I had my doubts, but my wife wanted to stay here for our anniversary trip to NYC. Glad we did!! The staff was so warm and welcoming. The wished us a &quot;happy anniversary&quot; on check in! We were impressed! We got a welcome note from the general manager wishing us a happy anniversry along with champagne and chocolates. The room was spotless, the rooftop was fun, although it did have a bit of a smell. We didn't try the pool, it was closed for the week. they were preparing it for winter (?) and it was pertty cold and rainy. All in all, my wife and I had a great anniversary thanks to the staff at the Gansevoort. Tommy at the concierge desk, Orlando, the bellman and Jennifer at the front desk we're amazing! Thanks for all your help and we will see y'all next year!!	
Nov 10 2009	Brilliant stay	My Daughter and I stayed at the Gansevoort and I was reall aprehensive after reading some of the views on here, so much so I tried to change the week before we left but it was too expensive...I am so glad we didn't, everything about our stay at the Gansevoort was perfect.It's in a great location with fabulous shops and eating places. The room was spacious, the beds were very comfortable, both the bedroom and bathroom were spotless and the bathroom was a good size too with a fantastic shower.The staff were so friendly and couldn'y have done any more to make our stay enjoyable, not at all like some of the reviews on here say, I didn't come across one staff member with a bad attitude. We had breakfast each day in the hotel and that too was first class. I will stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 6 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	We loved it at the Gansevoort! Great views, comfy beds and amazing location! Service was very nice and friendly; room was immaculate and comfortable. Rooftop pool was wonderful. Would stay here again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Over priced over hyped pretentious surly staff. Shame!	After many trips to New York and fantasizing about staying here my husband and I finally bit the bullet and spent two nights here in September. On arrival the receptionist barely raised a smile, mixed up our booking with another person of the same name staying and placed us in a room adjacent to the lift. They tried to charge us $200 more a night than our confirmation showed - and even questioned their own confirmation email, suggesting it was a fraud! Very odd. They insisted we were staying for 5 nights, not 2 and threatened to charge us a early check out fee.They did move us to another room after a sleepless night. but what I really didn't like was to return from a day's shopping to a beefy bouncer on the door at 6pm demanding I show my room key to get into the hotel. Unbelievable. All the staff had the air and grace of 'you should be privileged to stay here' and lacked any welcoming customer service skills. A real shame, and particularly after years of dreaming of staying there. Save your money and stay somewhere else.	
Nov 3 2009 	Amazing	Although this hotel is higher priced, it is an amazing experience. We chose this hotel because of the roof top pool, but there is so much more than that!! Our room was beautiful. The bed which had a feather down comforter was so comfortable! The bathroom was HUGE and big enough for both my boyfriend and I to have our own space and get ready for the day. The bathroom floor was granite along with the counter top, beautiful. The room was well kept by room service. The bar on the roof is over priced, but we excpected that. The pool is very refeshing, although not as large as we thought it would be. It was a very relaxing trip. We were able to keep our luggage at the front desk while we toured the City before our room was ready. The hotel is extremely safe and checks hotel keys before even entering! It was an amazing experince. If you do decide to stay here, make sure you try the french toast at the diner across the street!!!!!	
Oct 22 2009 	CANT'T GET MUCH BETTER THAN THIS	Have now stayed three times at The Gansevoort. Will return because of its prime position in the uber-interesting Meatpacking District and its safe, not congested environs, mighty array of trendy individual shops, restaurants, bars and clubs, close proximity to the wonderous High Line Park Esplanade and a very friendly, well run comfortable hotel.The view from our room was one of the best ever giving a ringside seat to The Hudson River with New Jersey beyond, the vibrancy of The Meatpacking District below and a birds-eye view along The High Line and the beginning of 9th Avenue. A good hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Sooooo Dissapointed	Our stay here was a waste of money. We stayed here the night after our wedding and got the Mr and Mrs G package. It included champagne, massages, and monogrammed bathrobes. We were told that we didn't need to make a massage appointment ahead of time as we would be accommodated. We asked prior to our stay to make sure... Well sure enough, the spa was booked the day we were there and we couldn't get the massage. The bathrobes were GIGANTIC, which is too bad because they were cute. Continental Breakfast was included. It was upstairs in what was (the night before) the bar. The room smelled so horrible it was hard to eat. Not to mention how gross the floors were. It was like eating breakfast in a fancy frat house. Don't waste your money on this package... it sucked!	
Oct 18 2009 	GREAT LOCATION GREAT SERVICE GREAT HOTEL	The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Room 302 was fantastic, had its own patio. Amazing experience. Only comment was room service was a bit high with all the delivery fees, service charges, etc. Also there was construction that started at 9am on Saturday morning.	
Oct 12 2009 	had a blast best in NYC	My hubby and I had stayed there for three nights in the junior suite. It worth every single penny of it. Just wish we could stay there longer. The room is very spacious and spotless, I am a clean fret because of my health issue. The staff is very friendly. Everyone at the Gansevoort Hotel goes out of their way to make your stay as memorable as possible. We did the bike ride and had a blast. The location is excellent. The breakfast is good. If we ever going to come back to New York, this will be the place we would like to stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	Tired dirty and pretentious	I had stayed at the Gansevoort a few years before and was looking forward to going back but I was sadly disappointed. The hotel is now very tired. The sheets on the beds were worn away. The pool area was dirty. The staff were rude and unfriendly. It is now more of a nightclub than a hotel and guests are treated as inferior to clubbers. I could not get a table at the bar as they were all reserved for bottle service. Every time I came in to the hotel the door was shut in my face until I produced my room key. It was not a pleasant stay at all.	
Oct 11 2009 	They overbooked and bumped us to a motel alongside the freeway in Jersey.	We had booked well in advance to celebrate a birthday and engagement. However when we arrived at the hotel at midnight after an international flight we were told that the hotel had overbooked and that they were bumping us to Jersey! They put us up in a dirty motel, 40 mins from Manhattan, situated on a freeway. The next morning, rather than apologising, the manager patronisingly told us that we could stay elsewhere if we wanted to but that all local hotels were booked so in reality we had no choice but to suffer the Gansevoort's rudeness and incompetence. We were offered a nominal discount and when we said we weren't happy the manager told us he could do more but didn't want to. We have never felt more unwelcome at a hotel. There was no customer service at all and for the price I would expect so much better. Definitely avoid this place!	
Sep 16 2009 	do not waste your money	in today's economy (or any economy) you think they would be grateful that people are still coming to this hotel and spending $500/night, what a dissapointment. The pool was dirty, it was not heated, no music as advertised, the bar was closed and no drink/bar/food service available at the pool. If you are not a model on a photo shoot, you are treated like a second class citizen. Their spa is 3rd rate, the day I went they only had 1 person working and she was terrible. I would not stay here again if I was compted!!!!!!	
Sep 11 2009 	Nono no! Stay anywhere but here...	I'm going to keep this short but I have to tell the truth about this hotel. We chose this hotel on the understanding that our daughters could use the rooftop pool as we were visiting the city in August. The rooftop pool is NOT a dream and is NOT for hotel guests only. We stayed for 3 nights and on each day the pool was totally inaccessible to us by noon. It filled up with beautiful twentysomethings all pleading to get in by fluttering their eyelashes and other things at the hotel staff. And when I say filled up - I have no idea how many people were crammed into and around the pool but there was not a square inch of space to even perch on. Every sunbed, lounger and chair were occupied by these non guests. There was no restriction on drinking IN the pool - people were in the pool with their drinks which I trust were at least in plastic glasses. The only time our girls managed to use the pool was late at night just as it was closing. We had really looked forward to lounging in the sun in the late afternoon whilst they had a dip in the pool, but this wasn't possible on any day. We bumped into a frequent visitor to the hotel in the lift and he said he wouldn't dream of swimming in the pool because he didn't know what he might catch! I understand his sentiment entirely. I'm posting this because if you are bringing your family to NYC during a summer weekend - don't book this hotel thinking you will get to use the rooftop pool. For hotel guests only! Hotel guests had no chance.	
Sep 9 2009 	Absolutely FABULOUS!! By far my favorite hotel in NYC...and I live here!!	I frequent the Hotel Gansevoort as well as other NYC hotels both for work and leisure and I have to say I am consistently blown away by the Hotel Gansevoort on many levels! For those not familiar with NYC, Hotel Gansevoort is located in the trendy Meatpacking District which in some cases allows area restaurants and businesses on occaision to be snooty and egotistic because &quot;everyone is just dying to eat, live, work&quot; there. I have worked in the area and frequented many of the restaurants with clients etc and the Hotel Gansevoort staff has ALWAYS been nothing but gracious and helpful.1. Service: I have never had anything less the the utmost attention on any given stay with this hotel. On my most recent stay, we rented a suite and conjoining room for a Bachelorette Party. It was the best room with a great view and my friends and I (9 of us total) slept comfortably and cozy at the end of each evening. ANYTIME we called the front desk or concierge (even just for buckets of ice) our requests were responded to in no more than 10minutes! You seriously cannot get service like this anywhere else. 2. Amenitites: The rooftop pool is just a dream and an added treat if you are staying there! You cannot access the pool without being a guest of the hotel and guests of guests are limited as well. You MUST have a hotel key to enter into the hotel and to avoid the queue. Another user scoffed at the idea of having to show her key, but i congratulate them on regulating the users of their facilities and trying to keep unwanted users out. The pool is not humongous by any means, but again we are talking NYC people!!! The rooms at the W, Westin, Tribeca/Soho Grand are SMALLER and if i do say, less luxurious in my opinion! I look at having pool access on a rooftop no less, as just a blessing! Just get there early and you wont have to worry about not having a lovely lounge chair =)3. Food: The room service menu in my opinion has never been anything less than delightful! And always within the time frame stated. It is a bit pricey, as most hotels usually are, but worth it if you just dont want to leave their cozy, pillow-like beds!! They have all the basics and a smaller more cost friendly kids menu that has pretty much adult size portions! However, I think if you do have time to get out....who wants to wait and order room service! Go out and see and try all the area restaurants including the hotel's ONO! My personal favorite in the area is Spice Market which is right across the street and has delicious middle-eastern cuisine. If you like spice, thats the place for you! But there are plenty of other options all within a few feet of the lovely hotel. Overall, I consistently reccommend this hotel in NYC and Miami to friends, clients and family and have NEVER in my 4 years of staying with them have EVER had a bad experience at all!!!Hope you enjoy it too!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Don't stay there! And don't trust the concierge service!	I love luxurious hotels and at the prices the Hotel Gansevoort was charging and the photos on the website, I was expecting something special.....However, things got off to a bad start and went downhill from there. But there are a couple of positives (location and cleanliness) to be fair to them.First of all, the randoms: the hotel is constantly full of randoms going up to the Gansevoort's various rooftop pool parties and these randoms were on the whole, completely skanky and always drunk. Also, you always have to show your hotel key at the entrance to the hotel as they have lots of party-goers trying to get into the rooftop queuing outside - at first fine, but after a few days, seriously frustrating.Second, the concierge service: it was our wedding anniversary on the 2nd night there so before going to NY, we asked the concierge to book us a good restaurant.....he confirmed the booking to us and we were both very excited.....and wait for it....when we got to the restaurant, it was closed! I couldn't believe it.Third, the rooftop pool &amp; bar: on the 3rd morning, breakfast was moved up to the rooftop as their restaurant Ono (or &quot;Oh No!&quot; as we like to call it) was being refurbished and it literally smelt of stale booze....an awful way to start the morning...I looked in on the pool area and it was so small - the photo on the website was completely unrepresentative of the space...4. The room: The room was supposed to be big in sq ft terms but in fact, the layout of the suite was so poor that it was really cooped up...also, it was supposed to be a non-smoking room, but once upon a time, someone definitely smoked in there as it still smelt of stake smoke.5. Room service: it was appalling....I ordered a club sandwich and I got cheap processed turkey slices rammed into some bread....and one day I ordered breakfast (after the bad rooftop breakfast experience) and they didn't even bring 90% of what I ordered....6. The fitness centre was terrible...even thinking about it makes me laugh. It was almost as small as my under-stair cupboard...okay, that's unfair. It was precisly, 4x the size of my under-stair cupboard.7. Housekeeping: This was done very well. The room was cleaned twice a day and the lady who looked after our room was really nice and polite.8. The location: The positive was that the meatpacking district is very lively so if you like to party, you are well-located to do so and there are some great restaurants etc in the vicinity.	
Aug 22 2009 	Don't do it...Tired TIRED hotel...Service not good- Roof top pool...NARLY	Well...I am not sure what we thouht it would be like...but whatever it was we thought it WASNT..to start out...they didnt have the correct room and when we ask for the room we had reserved..and payed for ...they said they were BOOKED...but then 10 mins later we they saw our paper work...WOW a room arrived.....oh and this room---STUNK of SMOKE&gt;&gt;burns on the rug....hair on the toilet...ahahha....so we leave...again...NO ONE says anything at the front desk...heads down...NO customer service..the nicest guy there was the one caring our bags all over the place! When we returned we did have another room...It was clean...it was on the 8th floor and it was quiet...We were woken up a few times by the druck teens from upstairs..but on the whole it was quiet...UPSTAIRS...Turkish Baths and MTV Spring break smashed together...naked people in the pool doing god knows what..it was discusting!! Breakfast so expensive....19.95 for a yogart and some fruit...................would never stay there again...only good point it was in a great area	
Aug 16 2009 	HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT	Let me start by saying the Gansevoort offers $600 a night &quot;suites&quot; on the 3rd and forth floors overlooking the Hog Pit Bar and Bus stop. So as you can image when my family was there the night before my wedding we were very disappointed and embarrassed with these rooms ESPECIALLY since we booked them months in advance! I had to call and ask 2 or 3 times when the rooms were going to be ready. Each time recieving a different answer. It wasnt until after 430pm were the rooms ready. Does management communicate with each other here?? Serious amateurs here. They did nothing to make our stay better. In a nutshell, OVERPRICED OVERRATED ROOMS, AND EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL. Dont waste your time or money	
Aug 15 2009 	Gansevoort knows how to party	Reading over recent negative reviews, I have to think some fellow travelers weren't too conscious of the type of hotel they were booking. Gansevoort is located in the Meatpacking District, which is known for night life and a &quot;see-and-be-seen&quot; atmosphere. Were you coming here to sleep?If you're looking for a party and the chance to spot celebrities in their natural habitat, then Gansevoort is for you. Sure, there are a lot of people preening and vying for attention, but that's pretty standard at clubs everywhere. Travelers need to understand that on weekends in particular, Gansevoort is a club with a hotel attached. Expect noise. If you're there to party, you'll have a phenomenal time. If you're there to be in bed by 10, it may not be for you.The bathrooms are lovely with fabulous bath amenities. The robes are very plush and soft, the beds are comfortable, and the staff were never anything but pleasant when I was there.	
Aug 12 2009 	Very Rude Service	My wife and I found the staff to be very rude and decided not to stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great time at the Gansevoort	We stayed 3 nights and really had a great time. We stayed in a Deluxe room , and these rooms are gorgious, very large for NYC standards, great design. Be aware of some issues with party people: we first got a room on the 7th floor at the river side (9th Av.), and the whole night through was disturbed with party noises from outside on the street (possibly from the Soho House or the clubs accross the street). We asked for another room and got a new room on the 9th floor at the side of 13th St. Much better, and no more party noise any longer, great view also, so be sure to avoid the river side and the lower floors. Or wear ear buds. The location is super: right in the middle of one of the most attractive parts of Manhattan with plenty of great restaurants, bars, shops, Apple Store, Chelsea Market.... Also the rooftop bar and pool is fantastic: not many places in the City where you can enjoy your Happy Hour at the pool in a good ambiance! At night, the rooftop bar turns into a trendy club where people have to line up for (also queue at Happy Hour), but as a hotel guest you can nicely walk by, gives a great VIP feeling ;)) We did not use the restaurant for any of our meals, it did not look that appealing, and there are so many places outside to grab a quick bite or sit down and have a great dining experience. So overall: a great experience at a trendy top hotel, but for the rates they use, you can expect something in return of course....	
Aug 6 2009 	Too loud too dirty too rude!	What a disappointment! It's my wedding and my family is in town. We mistakenly picked the Ganesvoort as or hotel of choice. From the beginning they were rude. The rooms were not ready and the over-priced suites could not have been more disgusting. Stains on the carpet. Views promised that one will never see. Honking all night long and the not so handy bus stop sits right in front of the hotel. When we tried move rooms, the choices were much worse. Oh and the stains on the side table makes me wonder if they cleaned the room. The gum under the table makes for yet another compliant. Then the turn down service that was offered to us, didn't happen. Ah yes, if you like riding in the elevator with drunk eurotrash, this is the hotel for you. Lesson learned - don't ever stay here or recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 4 2009 	bad service	Our mornings at this hotel would start off very badly with extremely rude service and attitude that we received from the servers in the restaurant. We would wait for long periods to be approached and offered coffee or juice. Breakfast was included in our booking however the waiters seemed to really resent our &quot;free&quot; breakfasts despite leaving a tip. The coffee was consistently horrible- not fresh. It got to the point where we dreaded going downstairs in the morning for breakfast. The concierge(s) was not very helpful and didn't really matter which one was working. No-one informed us that most Manhattan Stores would be closed on Easter Sunday despite making a big point about how excited we were to shop. There was a general laziness about all of the staff working there.	
Aug 2 2009 	Don't Do it to Yourself	My husband and I decided to stay here for a week long vacation in NYC due to its convenient location and rooftop pool. BIG MISTAKE. The room was not that clean, the marble top tables have stains and drink rings, the carpet damp and the entire room smelled of stale cigarettes. YUCK.We checked in on Friday morning and by that evening, the hotel turned into a zoo. Much to our dismay, the hotel roof deck is a weekend long party, with non stop drunk party goers up and down the elevators all night, making it impossible to get an elevator if you are on your floor trying to go anywhere. I had to call the front desk for them to route an elevator to my floor!I do NOT recommend AT ALL.	
Jul 12 2009 	Don't believe the hype!!!	Stayed here for a bachelorette weekend. If you want to stay at a place full of Eurotrash and people trying to be seen then you'll love this place. People break their necks to get into the rooftop pool which is nothing spectacular (its just a pool folks). On top of that as drunk as people get up there its a miracle no one has drowned or gotten hurt. Service is mediocre and its not that clean. The only saving grace is the great location but for this kind of money I expected more.	
Jul 9 2009 	always a pleasure	service always great in the past 3x i've stayed, however this time i was on a lower floor and had to request earplugs at 3 am, which were delivered very quickly.free internet is awesome too	
Jul 9 2009 	Great party hotel	Had a great long weekend in New York staying at this hotel if you want a quite break don't stay here but if you what a fun and exciting time in new york pick the gansevoort!Amazing pool on the roof and bar, rooms are good if not great and not to expensive.	
Jun 29 2009 	A wonderful hotel in a great location	Booked the Gansevoort through Orbitz and got a great deal! Travelled June 17th - June 21st for our wedding anniversary.The location was fantastic! Close to everything. Rooftop pool was gorgeous, although we didn't get to use it much due to poor weather. The fitness facilities were good too.Overall, the Gansevoort was great! It started a little rocky though, as my husband had called ahead of time to request early check-in and was told it was not a problem. However, when we arrived, we were told that they did not guarantee early check-in and our room would be ready by 3pm (we arrived shortly after noon). Not a problem though, we went for a quick lunch, and when we returned our room was ready.The room (a superior room) was very nice, and spacious by New York standards. Lots of storage space so we were able to unpack everything. The bed was SUPER comfortable, and the bathroom was great (again more storage - 4 drawers, a shelf and room on the counter). We requested a bathtub and got it - nice to soak in after a long day of sightseeing. The only drawback with the room was that there was no coffee maker.We received complimentary vouchers for 'continental' breakfast at Ono, which turned out to be your choice of a bacon/eggs breakfast, pancakes, an omelette or assorted pastries, which was all great (especially the breakfast potatoes).We had no problems with the service - in fact we thought it was great! Turndown service was a nice touch, they filled the ice bucket for you so that you could chill your beverages when you returned to the hotel. As for previous reviews that mentioned it was hard to get into the hotel at night due to the club, we had no problems. Just make sure you enter through the door without the line, and have your room key ready to flash to the guy at the door. Everyone was friendly, and as we were leaving, they were making sure that we had enjoyed our stay.We really enjoyed our stay and hope to return to the Gansevoort soon!	
Jun 29 2009 	This was one of the greatest hotels I have ever stayed at. Period.	I took my daughter and her friend down to NYC for the day so we could attend a parade and we wanted to stay overnight so we could watch the fireworks and relax. I had read about the Gansevoort Hotel many times, mostly in articles about celebreties, and the location, 13h Street and 9th Avenue, was a perfect location for our parade. We arrived to check in and were greated by very friendly staff including the valet who took my car, the bellhop and the receptionist. Tonesha was one of the receptionists and was as lovely and pleasant as they come. Since it was a little too early to check in, we registered and had them put our suitcases into storage while we relaxed up at the rooftop pool and bar/restaurant area, which had a magnificient ambiance and view. After the parade when the room had been cleaned we were checked and the room had everything anyone could ask for--a nice flat-screen TV, a flat stereo with 3 CD changers, a docking station of an IPOD, a step out balcony with a lovely door and view. The mini-bar was stocked with every kind of snack and drink you could imagine. We had brought in a six-pack of corona to entertain friends who were coming to visit and later we all, me, my daughter and her friend, both late teens, and our other buddies went up to the rooftop pool/bar and it was rocking with great music and lots of customers, including many locals. At some of the reserved tables under canopies there was a $500 minimum with bottle service only, but the regular prices of drinks at the bar was not outrageous--$8 or $9 for beer, for example. We danced until late at night, saw a few famous celebrities and the girls really enjoyed themselves. The bartenders and security guys in the pool/bar lounge were very friendly and helpful.We really loved our room and I want to thank Jacob for securing a room with two queen-sized beds and balcony for what I thought was a really good price. I had read some reports that were not so good and when I called Jacob to inquire about one in which the person said that they could not go up to the hotel rooftop lounge because of a private party, Jacob assured me that that had only happened once in about 9 months and he did not believe that it was happening this weekend. He was a real help to us and I was lucky to meet him on our way out the next day to say hello and thank you. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone but most especially young people who like to party in a fun but safe environment. The pool/bar was great and the music and dancing were good. The late-night marguerita pizzas and wraps we ordered from room service were great also, was was the server. I am already planning a return!Thanks again, everyone!Fran in Rockland County	
Jun 21 2009 	rooms had great attention to detail	The front desk staff were great.The room was spacious , fresh ice in the rooms ice bucket every day with out asking. Lovely fresh flowers in the room. Bed very comfortable. Love the free wireless internet through out the hotel .Only down side to this visit was a last minute private party was being held on the hotels top floor where the pool deck was.The one day it was hot &amp; we wanted a swim we couldn't access the pool or bar! The security staff who were securing the pool deck &amp; lobby during this private party were very aggressive &amp; rude.The front desk supervisor made alternative arrangements for us to entertain friends for a 50th birthday pre dinner drink at the soho house across the street.Would stay again! Chelsea market just a few blocks away for fresh market dining	
Jun 17 2009 	Average in a Great Location	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort four nights in June. We travel to Manhattan pretty frequently and decided to try the Gansevoort rather then our usual hotel. If you are looking for quiet relaxation this is not the place for you! We chose the Gansevoort because of its location and the rooftop pool and we were very pleased with the location but the pool/bar was a disappointment. The Plunge bar is a hotspot for locals and it is completely useless to try and get a table anytime after 3pm. We were able to secure a table on Saturday night but it came with a price ($500+ for bottle service). The staff is friendly and I want to send out thanks to Thomas for getting me checked in after a minor bump. The room and bathroom were nice and a decent size for New York. I have the say that the concierge was not too helpful and seemed put out by the few questions we asked. All and all I would give the Gansevoort an average rating…decent but not stellar service, nice rooms, FANTASTIC location and the place to be and be seen if you are in to that sort of thing (I think both being past the age of twenty-five (early/mid thirties) my husband and I were a bit old).	
Jun 16 2009 	Simply Tacky - eeewwww	A friend &amp; I booked the Gansevoort for a 4 day shopping &amp; restaurant spree. Being june, I thought the access to the rooftop would be fun. WHAT A MISTAKE. Upon arrival early saturday evening there was already a velvet rope line-up outside the hotel which made it a bit difficult to enter. Apparently they instigated pool party weekends for locals. Once in our room, which is actually looked closer to shabby than chic, we decided to check out the rooftop pool and bar. We could barely get off the elevator. There were security guards at the pool door so we had to prove we were guests or show them a wristband, and once through there was not a square foot to stand. The clientele were tacky! Envision poorly dressed 25 yr olds with very tight outfits. The amount of people packed in the area must have been against fire regulations. We immediately decided to leave and it took us 20 minutes to get out.This party lasted ALL night and we did not sleep at all. There were no other rooms available to switch. This fiasco was repeated the next night.On our last evening the rooftop again was inaccessable due to a private party.Therfore we had access to the rooftop 1 of 4 nights.The only positive was that when we complained to employees about the pool parties they seemed as frustrated as the guests. As a matter of fact, we were told by an employee that most of the &quot;guests&quot; were the the owner's friends and he used the hotel as his party house.Yuck!	
Jun 16 2009 	Good but not great	We stayed in the Gansevoort for 3 nights and while we enjoyed our stay, it is by no means the best hotel in New York.The Meatpacking area is great. Loads of character, lots of cool shops and bars and a great location to explore other parts of Manhatten.On our arrival, we were upgraded to a deluxe room, which was a good size with a large seating area in a bay window. The room also had a good bathroom and lots of great toiletries by a brand called Cutler.The concierge were very polite and helpful and suggested great local restaurants and there was no pressure from them to eat in the hotel restaurant (which we didn't try).Pastis over the road is great for breakfasts and dinner and there are various coffee shops in walking distance.We had a small gripe with the bar. On 2 of the 3 days, it was closed for private functions.The pool and bar were one of the main reasons we booked the hotel, so to not be able to use them for most of our stay was a bit of a pain. On the one evening we did go up to the bar, everyone was standing on a fairly cramped balcony area while every single table except 1 was empty with a 'reserved for bottle service only' signs on them. It did seem very strange that the management expect everyone to drink a bottle of vodka on a Wednesday night, or stand, despite the bar tables being unused. Thankfully, the pool area is reserved for guests, so we got a table there without any problem.Other reviewers have complained about noise from the bar, but this was not a problem for us. The general area does get quite noisy in the evenings, so there was some noise, but this wasn't from the hotel bar and is really to be expected if you want to stay right in the middle of such a vibrant part of the city.We had to move hotels after 3 nights because the Gansevoort was full, so we ended up going uptown to the London Hotel.Considering it was $100 a night cheaper, the room was 3 times the size and we would definately stay there again.I had no specific issue with the Gansevoort, but when you see what else is on offer in the City, $400 a night is not value for money	
Jun 11 2009 	Nice hotel great location - but lousy guest service	My girlfriend and I just got back from 9 nights at the Gansevoort. We've previously had 3 nights here, and returned because we liked the hotel (clean, nice decor, fair size rooms - for nyc) and we loved the location (in the middle of the meatpacking district) with great restaurants, bars, clubs etc. right around the corner. It's also on the border of the west village, which is such a cute neighborhood.During our stay, we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast at the on-site Ono restaurant a couple of times. It was fine, but not spectacular, but what can be expected when it's &quot;free&quot;... The service however was a bit slow - we waited 20 minutes for eggs &amp; toast in an almost empty restaturant (even though we arrived in the middle of breakfast-hours 6am-11am) - however, they picked up the pace, and started clearing the table before we were both finished, and left us the check before we had swallowed the last bite. Again, nothing to get too upset about, as it was complimentary, but had I payed the $30 I would have been a bit sad.The hotel staff was mainly very attentive, friendly and accommodating - expecept for most of the &quot;bouncers&quot;. The Gansevoort has a nice rooftop bar/lounge called Plunge - which attracts a lot of partypeople. It's definately a place-to-be-seen kind of spot, and the crowd reflects this. This also means that partygoers que up at the hotel entrance every night, and this is were the &quot;bouncers&quot; come in to play. As hotel guests, we had no problem getting in and out around the que, but when we had some friends coming to meet us in the lobby, they almost didn't get in, and the staff were very rude. :(Next to the bar/lounge is the rooftop pool, which is a bit small, but nice, and with a stunning view of lower manhattan and the hudson river. Unfortunately, we had the expirience of being denied access to the pool area, as it had been filled up with promoters and VIPs for the sunday brunch-party. This means that we had to spend out last day in the city (just as the sun had returned after days of rain) in our room... This is really bites! My girlfriend and I are both 30 years old, and indeed we enjoy a good party but this was too much. I love the Gansevoort location, and find the hotel very, very nice, but at the rates they charge, it's simply ridiculous that residing guests are treated as second rate...I might return to the Gansevoort for a single night, but staying longer than that is not advisable!	
Jun 8 2009 	Overrated	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and it was a big disappointment. The location is fantastic, lots of bars, clubs and restaurants nearby. Having stayed at Soho house last year we decided to try somewhere different. The rooms were below average and in need of care, there was loose wall paper on the walls and some items of furniture looked tired. Rooms were not big but this can always be the case in New York. The bar on the top floor has fantastic views of the Hudson but am guessing this is more a place to be seen at. The Mojito we were served was very poor. Like previous reviews, there is always a crowd seeking to get access to the bar on the rooftop. The hotel is not cheap and I feel for the money you could do a lot better elsewhere.	
Jun 5 2009 	Terrible hospitality incompetent behavior	I recently stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort for a weekend with friends. I selected the hotel based on its location and reputation as a fun destination. I am a frequent traveler, and I have never encountered such incompetent service or such a lack of hospitality. On the last day of our trip, my friend and I checked out of the hotel and left our luggage with the bell desk for storage. When we returned that afternoon to pick up our belongings and depart for the train station, the hotel had a lost a piece of our luggage. My friend and I sat in the lobby for over 90 minutes as they searched. This caused us to miss our train, for which the hotel would not offer reimbursement or rebooking assistance. During this time, we were not offered any more hospitality than one would receive in a hospital waiting room. The hotel ultimately located the luggage--they had sent it home with another guest. That guest then checked the luggage on a flight overseas. It has now been 1 month, and we have still not received the lost suitcase. The hotel is refusing to reimburse for the missing items and is claiming that the bag will take at least another week to recover. Furthermore, the hotel staff has been very difficult to deal with, not returning phone calls and emails, and not offering more than a small compensation for the inconvenience. Although this hotel has a great location, stylish decor, and fun bars, I would not ever choose to stay there again, and I would not recommend it to anyone who enjoys hospitable, competent service.	
Jun 3 2009 	Party Hotel	Firstly this hotel is in a fab location, we were impressed with all the cool bars and restaurants in the area. The room was on the small side but it had everything that we needed. Breakfast was included with the room and you have two choices which isnt so bad. Unfortuantely what we didnt know was that this hotel is 'PARTY CENTRAL'. They had a Plunge Party from 8am till 8am or that was what was advertised - it was still going on at 4am! Dont get me wrong I love a good party or club but this was just ridiculous. We decided to shop on that morning so we had to keep coming back to the hotel to drop off our bags. Becuase of this hotel being so uber cool there was a massive queue of girls trying to get into our hotel for the party which meant it was difficult for us (RESIDENTS!) to get back in - this went on all day and as the day went on the music and the people got louder. We thought that if you cant beat them join them so we did - BIG MISTAKE! The staff were very rude and the clientale are just there to 'be seen' and absolutely love themselves - not the type of people I like to associate myself with. A shame that this let the hotel down slightly as there was no way we could use the pool or even get a seat in the bar - you would think that if you are paying to stay that you would have priority but obvioulsy not.	
May 25 2009 	A great stay at Hotel Gansevoort	We just got back from a lovely one-night stay at this hotel. I had been a bit worried by some of the very negative comments on this site, but we got a great rate on the Internet and the location was perfect, so off we went. I'm so glad we did. The location is indeed perfect--right in the trendy Meatpacking District, with restaurants and cafes and high-end boutiques everywhere you look. We also found the service very attentive and friendly. At check-in, we were immediately upgraded to a deluxe king room, which we didn't even ask for, but which meant we had a wonderful river view and a window seat. the room was extremely clean and comfortable. We didn't eat at the restaurant or hit the bar upstairs, so I can't comment on those aspects. We found the hotel's location very quiet--except for some police activity somewhere nearby at around 3.00 am, with sirens and a loudspeaker--but that can happen anywhere in NYC. All in all, a great stay. We would definitely return.	
May 22 2009 	Great location cool hotel wish my room smelled better	I've stayed at the Gansevoort several times. The service is friendly and the hotel is very cool but the last two times I stayed there my room reeked of cigarette smoke mixed with something damp and stale. I had to open up the balcony doors before leaving for dinner both times to air out the room. Unless you get a suite, I wouldn't bother because the rooms are too small for the money.The area is fantastic and the bed is comfortable. I'm sure I'll stay there again.	
May 20 2009 	A dump with horrible service to boot	I'm actually writing this review from the Gansevoort, where I've just been let into my room after having to wait for a 1/2 hour while they &quot;inspected&quot; my room. Apparently at the Gansevoort, checking in at 530PM is considered early, and the amazingly mean and off-putting folks at the front desk let me stand there for 30 minutes until they were sure that no one had taken anything from the mini-bar. I won't bother going into the other horribleness that has so far represented the short time I've been here, but I will say that the rooms are tiny and dirty, the pool/spa is basically a YMCA, and did I mention how rude the staff was? Even the manager is totally useless. Stay tuned as I may have more complaints before I leave. What a dump. Oh, and I paid $400/night for this 250-sq ft dorm room.	
May 20 2009 	Loved it!	Rooms are very comfy and the hotel is in a great location: hot clubs, restaurants and culture! View wasn't that great but it didn't matter. Rooftop bar was packed and didn't have a great vibe, so we left after 10 minutes. But there were a lot of other places to choose from in the neighborhood. Crowd is young, trendy and fun.	
May 11 2009 	Trendy and fun	Stayed at the Gansvoort with my college roomate for a &quot;girls' weekend&quot; in April. Had a blast! Fantastic location. Staff was a bit snooty - particularly night concierge -- but the location made it worth while. Bring your earplugs! The room (nice) was on the street and very noisy. Gym was ok - not a lot of equipment. Breakfast was excellent - and included in the room charge. Roof top pool was great bonus too. Room was fine - fantastic shower!Overall, the hotel was excellent and the location can't be beaten.	
Apr 15 2009 	Best Kept Secret in NYC	I have stayed at the Gansevoort numerous times since the beginning of 2009 and have consistently found the staff to be wonderful and the rooms extremely comfortable - all have great views and plenty of room. You cannot beat the value and location, which includes many of NYC's best restaurants and shops in walking distance. I can't wait to go back, I always have a fabulous time! I have stayed at many other hotels in NYC in many other neighborhoods and this is by far my favorite.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Location....Shame about the hotel!!!	Let me begin by saying the Ganesvoort is overpirced, dirty and a disgrce to '5 star' hotels....You should be ashamed!!!!I had travelled with my girlfriend and her family and intended to stay at the Ganesvoort for 4 nights as we had been informed it was 'the hottest place to be in New York'. I agree that the location is fantastic and the nightlife is top class with celebs floating around on every corner. However......on arriving at the hotel we could not believe the 60's looking exterior was only 5 years old reminding us of a budget hotel chain found in dumpsville. On entering the hotel yes the lobby is decked out relatively cool, purple lighting, funky music but the ambience is just cheap. Nothing as you would expect for the rates that you are paying. We checked into our rooms and ok they were adequate, a little small but again overpriced!The club on the roof top is a cool spot at night but as any night clubber will adimit a club during the day is just seedy and dirty. Floor tiles were broken and wallpaper coming fromt the walls. Hardly worth the outrages prices of crystal they were trying to offload! From the website pictures the roof top pool looks unbelieveable, just spectacular....only one thing to say.....Seriously disappointed!!!I can see why people stay here becasue the nightlife around the meatpacking district is simply awesome and we loved our night out expecially dinner at the Spice Market opposite and breakfast at Pastis. But for our 4 night stay we deicded to move hotels to the New York Palace Hotel for traditional class and top class service. This hotel is the true gem of New York. Long live the Dorchester!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	cool hotel great location!	from the minute we arrived evrything was excellent, the check in was faultless and efficient. The room wasn't the biggest but it was comfortable and the view of the Hudson and the busy area around the hotel was interesting to say the least! The rooftop bar was always busy every night but it never disturbed us even though we rarely returned there before 2.00am! This is a great hotel in a great neighbourhood, in fact its that good we are returning here for a Xmas trip in 2009!	
Apr 12 2009 	No rats here! Honest	Myself and my two colleagues stayed at the Gansevoort for 6 nights on a business trip. The location of the hotel is fantastic - Beyonce was dining over the street in Pastis and there are enough restaurants, shops and nightclubs to keep you happy for a lifetime. The rooms are stylish and comfortable, with window seats looking out over the Hudson and a bed that would make anyone sleep like a baby. Unfortunately this is where the praise grinds to a horrible halt.Our business trip involved meeting lots of media from the travel press. Our plan was to have meetings in the hotel, hosting lunches in the Ono restaurant (or 'Oh No' as I now call it) and drinks in the bar on the roof. On our first night we went up to the bar, but were told we couldn't sit down because all the tables were reserved for people spending at least $1,000 on bottle service - no credit crunch here! We pointed out that our colleague was 7 months pregnant and that at a rate of $400 a night for 6 nights (for three people) we expect a seat in the bar. Sadly not, the bar seemed only interested in dressing its staff in outfits you'd expect to see in a low class strip club and having them work the tips from the $1,000 Cristal sipping tables.We put this experience aside and went up on the roof again for lunch the next day. My pregnant colleague went to the bar and asked the barman for the snack menu, he responded to this request by telling her he had the right to refuse her alcohol! A bit out of order given she just wanted an orange juice and the club sarnie.The next day in the Ono restaurant we wanted the lunch with the journalists to go perfectly, so we pre warned the manager. We were therefore dismayed when the food was late, the waiter wasn't able to explain the menu and the wrong order was brought to the table - even although they were hardly rushed as the place was totally empty. We also asked for a selection of vegetarian sushi for our pregnant colleague - only to get three rounds of the same avocado rolls. To avoid further embarrassment we decided to take our cue from our mate Beyonce and head to Pastis for our other meetings. The final straw was when my colleague, yep the pregnant one again (they really had her number) was locked out of her room because she had gone $20 over the company wire payment. No doubt she'd been racking up the bill by knocking back the Vodka and avocado rolls in her room!We spoke to the Manager's assistant, complained at the front desk and called the PR company for the hotel - but no-one from the Management team bothered to acknowledge our complaint. Whilst telling every journalist we met of our experience in the hotel we heard an amusing story back. When the hotel opened they had a really bad rat problem (no longer the case) but they refused to acknowledge it - even although there were rats running across the lobby. &quot;No problem here&quot;, said the Manager! Sounds very familiar. So I'm saying it loud and clear....five star hotel, not five star service. Stay at the Soho House instead.	
Mar 21 2009 	Fantastic location and excellent customer service.	We stayed here for 4 nights and had a wonderful experience. If you like the west village/meatpacking area this hotel is in THE IDEAL location. Moreover, the service there cannot be beat.	
Mar 18 2009 	Amazing Hotel Amazing Staff	From my initial reservation to the time we left the hotel, the staff went the extra mile to ensure we were well taken care of. The concierge was outstanding making reservations for us at the best restaurants, and the room was great.There is a bar at the top of the hotel which is great for a drink, and there are plenty of great restaurants and bars around the hotel. Location is great for a central place to go sightseeing. Again, the staff is definitely what sets this hotel apart and I will be staying at the Gansevoort again.	
Mar 7 2009 	The Best Kept Secret	We have stayed several times before.The staff is so helpful, friendly, and always smiling no matter who you encounter.Love the location., The rooms are a perfect size, very clean also.We have used the exercise room.The rooftop pool is perfect after shopping all day.The rooftop bar is a nice place to start or end your evening. There are plenty of good rest. and clubs within walking distance. The concerige dept. is very helpful in planning anything you would like to do.Highly recommend.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fun in NY	My wife and I went to NY for Valentines Day weekend. The service was excellent! The rooms are small but done really nice and the bed was very comfortable. There are some great restaurants nearby that you can walk to, but don't eat at the hotels sushi restaurant. It was very expensive and not that good. Overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 2 2009	Great location!!!!!	We liked the hotel very much. The location, design and concierge was great. We was not 100% satisfied with the breakfast staff at Ono. One morning my brother wanted some porridge instead of the buffé. When we got the bill they charged us for the buffé and the porridge and when my brother told him that it was wrong he got pissed/psyched and when we left he gave us his angry look!!!! The breakfast was great!! Not so much to choose from, but instead high quality and extream freshness of the fresh fruit, berries and bagels etc. The rooftop bar was really crowded in the evenings/nights. the wiews are amazing and its a hip place to be in.Great hotel for shopping and nightlife maybe not for families with small children.	
Feb 24 2009 	great hotel loction and knowledgeable staff	We stayed at the gansevoort for 4 nights in new york, and were not disappointed.In the heart of the meatpacking district, it's a perfect location for those who love great food, and even better bars. It's also a perfect base to explore the rest of the city from, and everywhere is easy to get to.The hotel is the focal point of this area, and sets the scene with a funky and chic entrance and lobby. The room was also great. The decor throughout was modern, sophisticated, clean and simple.The staff were unbelievably helpful with regards to local restaurants, bars, subway routes etc. They got us into some amazing restaurants which we couldn't have got into otherwise.Breakfast was great too, as were the views from the rooftop bar.On the down side was the price of drinks at the rooftop bar (at least $15 for anything really), and the staff up there didn't live up to the service everywhere else - they were quite up themselves actually, and the cocktails were very poorly made.A better option is to go downstairs to the bar at Ono, the hotels Japanese restaurant. Mon-Fri they have a wicked happy hour with a selection of sushi, beer, wine and cocktails all at $7. (5-6.30pm i think) And the staff down there are great.All in all, and amazing hotel. But beware, New York is now much more expensive than London certainly for food and drink, and the expected tips of 15-20% for everything smacks you in the wallet. But for a four night break and a bit of extravagance, it was worth every penny, and i would go back to the Gansevoort tomorrow if i could!	
Jan 19 2009 	consistent excellence	Just returned from my fourth stay in two years at hotel, and the consistency in excellence is admirable. Everyone at the hotel is warm and friendly, and I really don't understand those who review it by saying they are snobby. On the second night there was a loud conversation going on in the hallway, I called front desk and security immediately had it resolved. The next night there was a bottle of wine and chocolates in my room. The location of the hotel is great as you are in walking distance to so much, or a short taxi ride away. The roof bar is fantastic, but go for drinks at happy hour as the B&amp;T kids come in on weekend nights and it is not a pleasant to be. Thanks to everyone and keep up the great work.	
Jan 8 2009 	Simply a great hotel	The staff was extremely courteous and attentive. The rooms well designed and comfortable. Though we did not make much use of the pool and rooftop bar, they looked top notch. Room service was prompt and delicious as well. This place is highly recommended!!!	
Jan 7 2009 	A dream come true	To celebrate my wonderful sister's 50th birthday, I booked a room at the Gansevoort. We only had Friday through Saturday to make the experience unforgettable. Well, between Margarette, Soraya and the rest of the staff, the hotel exceeded all our expectations and then some. Everyone exuded gracious hospitality. While the aura is very hip/chic, there was no attitude here. As they say at the front desk, &quot;Every guest is a VIP.&quot; We certainly felt that way. I've stayed in some beautiful hotels where the experience was spoiled by the service. With a great location, wonderful amenities, and fantastic staff, the Gansevoort excels on all levels.	
Jan 6 2009	Christmas in NYC	The hotel was great! Staff was friendly, attentive, prompt, helpful, and delightful. From the moment we arrived and were greeted by the doorman who came right up to get our bags, through calls and dealings with rooms service, front desk, concierge, bell hops, and finally out to the doorman again, we were warmly greeted, spoken to like welcome guests, and always met with a smile.Those that have complained of aloof, indifferent, or snotty staff must not have stayed at the same hotel. Best part was the security guard at the elevators, who had a stone face when checking visitors that were going up to the Plunge Bar (like a good bouncer should) but broke into a bright smile when he saw that we were guests to the hotel and welcomed us onto the elevator.The food was great. The room while not large, its window seat and view of the Hudson were perfect. Housekeeping stayed on top of our odd hours and kept the room made up and perfectly clean. The staff tried to help and attend to every need--as one would expect at a first class establishment.The area had lots of restaurants, clubs, and shops but if you wanted to go elsewhere a cab was always waiting at the front door...the staff made sure one was always standing by.Yes there was noise outside at night, but this is New York and the area is one of the hottest party areas in town--we didn't party all night, being in the city to enjoy Christmas in New York, but we took it all in stride given that's part of what makes the Meatpacking district a big draw. Our hotel was classy, the staff attentive, and our stay fantastic. We got what we came for. Worth it on all counts.	
Jan 1 2009 	Good Location and Very Nice Staff	I have been there several times and it was always perfect. The view from the high floor rooms on Pastis side is amazing. The only bad thing is that there is a new hotel that is being built between the Gansevoort and the river that is in front of the view.The room was clean and the housekeeping come quite fast if you need anything (more hangers for the closet ...etc.).The room service is also quite fast, they arrive in 15 minutes when you call them in the morning for breakfast. The room service food is good.They have a very nice bar on top of the hotel and a good japanese fusion restaurant called Ono.I usually go for business so I am never there during the day so I cannot say anything about the other services (spa...etc).In a nutshell, it is a great hotel in the middle of the meatpacking dictrict.	
Dec 24 2008 	Nice Hotel ... Great Location	Stayed here a week or two ago. Was really impressed. The rooms are small, but not as small as those you'll find in Midtown. Comfy beds and good bathrooms. The staff was friendly and didn't have any of the attitude that you sometimes find with boutique hotels. The rooftop bar was nice and offered good views. If you go, walk two blocks north and stroll through Chelsea Market. You could spend a day eating and shopping.	
Dec 8 2008 	The best place to stay in NYC!	I've stayed in NYC quite a few times now, but the Gansevoort Hotel has to be the best to date. It truly defines service with a smile - all the staff were so kind and would bend over backwards for us. Rooms are large and delightful with a generous collection of amenities and fantastic views.Kevin Costner and the Black Eyed Peas were amongst guests during our stay, and I think that says is all - you're in good company when you stay with the Gansevoort.	
Nov 26 2008 	Stylish hotel in great location	We had a long weekend in the Gansevoort and loved it. We spent quite a while looking for a boutique hotel in a great area, and found the Gansevoort. I thought the location, in the trendy meatpacking district, was fantastic, and loved the fact there were loads of great restaurants on your doorstep. Don't miss out on dinner at the Spice Market, and brunch at Pastis. We were upgraded to a deluxe room, and had a great view over the Hudson. The room was stylishly decorated and the bed super-comfy. I liked all the extra touches - gorgeous cushions and throw on the bed; lovely toiletries; wall mounted CD player with complimentary CDs to play; sofa by the window.We found the staff very helpful - particularly welcoming doormen and very helpful at reception/concierge in helping us find all the shops we wanted! Also loved the rooftop pool. All in all, we have enjoyed a fantastic weekend break in a stylish hotel, in a fantastic area. It is pricey but worth it if you are looking for a special getaway.	
Nov 8 2008 	Stellar hotel experience. Don't change a thing!	This is one of the most amazing hotels I have ever had the pleasure (and good fortune) of experiencing. And, as an avid traveler, I have experienced some of the world's best. That being said, I cannot think of one single element to improve upon. Kudos to the Gansevoort and its wonderful, warm and engaging staff! I can't wit to experience its sister property in Miami!	
Nov 5 2008	Amazing Service Gorgeous Room Perfect Location!	Fabulous! Hotel Gansevoort is, without a doubt, the most amazing place I have ever stayed. I enjoyed the Waldorf-Astoria on another trip to NYC but the location and helpful nature of the Gansevoort's staff cannot be beat! Located very close to the 14th St subway, it was easy to go downtown or uptown. The rooms were modern and thoughtful yet extremely comfortable. Every request was met promptly and graciously. The balconies are also a beautiful touch as they overlook a street that one usually sees only in movies. Many hotels are classy but this hotel is sophisticated and yet, still accessible. I will be returning to the Gansevoort!	
Oct 17 2008	Fun Hotel	I only stayed one night at the Hotel Gansevoort and overall enjoyed it. The decor is very trendy. Comfortable bed and nice amenities in the room (internet, flat screen TV, etc.). I was disappointed I didn't get to see the famed pool or lounge.I had 2 general complaints:1) Don't plan on getting any work done at this hotel. There was only the smallest of desks in the room. (I hesitate to even call it a desk).2) It felt like everything in the room was for sale. Items for sale were all over the room- - hair-care products, vitamins, etc. - not just in the well-stocked mini-bar.	
Oct 16 2008 	Good hotel in probably the best area. Best bed I have ever slept	I liked the hotel, although I think there is nothing special worth mentioning. It has everything you would expect in a hotel of its category. Our room was room 603, no great view, but ok. I do remember thinking when I was there that the staff could put a bit more effort in smiling (the staff in the lobby)..... There is one thing that maybe the hotel management should take a look at: I don't know if it was something that had to do with our door, but i felt that sometimes you could hear from the inside what was going on in the corridor. Especially in the mornings, since our room was the last one in the 6th floor, we could hear the housekeeping lady knock on probably checked-out rooms and say &quot;housekeeping&quot;..... The hotel does have the best bed I have ever slept in: absolutely incredible. It would have also been great to find a pastry or piece of fruit in the evening, as a courtesy. What I think was totally nonsense were the bottles of mineral water made available on the nightstand at a rate of 8 euros..... come on, you can but them for half that price in Balducci's which is 5 minutes from the hotel.... Overall OK, but will try some other hotel when in NY again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Hotel - Please read this review!!!!	I want to stress that i am a real person, not someone who works at hotel, or someone who works at another hotel, or a hacker. I have read thru many of these reviews and decided after my stay, that most of these cannot be accurate.i stay at many hotels all year long, most of them at luxury hotels such as the Ritz, Fairmont. I have stayed at Gramercy park hotel as well.This hotel was fantastic, staff was incredible, and very accomadating. the only drawback was at the rooftop bar, we were told by front desk and bellmans that we can get a table to sit since we were paying guests, but staff refused to accomadate -but that did not ruin or affect evening.rooms are fabulous for new york rooms, great location for downtown. i know some have noted about noise. let me say this. this is a downtown hotel, you cannot stay downtown in any major city, and not expect noise. if oyu want complete quiet go uptown. this is heart of nightlife and it will reflect as such. however we stayed on a high floor and we still slept no problem. People should not complain about something they should be aware of. Complaining about noise is only valid if you are staying say in a residential area, and for whatever reason, noise kept you up all night. you cannot stay in the heart of downtow nyc, and expect quiet!bedding was superb, bathrooms fabulous, shower was great, people who complained about this didnt stay in this hotel! room hs mood music, ice in the bucket, great little touches. they even drop off a letter saying thank you for staying with us. great touches.would stay here again, and recommend it.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Decor and Awesome Rooftop Lounge	I wish I’d brought my camera and some extra time to stay at the Gansevoort. It was a quick trip to NYC and I only got about 7 hours in my suite – 6 of which were sleeping but what a room it was! I had a corner 3rd floor suite with two balconies – one that overlooked the cobbled street in front of the property and another that looked at an Irish bar across the street. As someone who appreciates lighting, I was thrilled to have so many options in the room for setting ambiance such as illuminating just the artwork, dimming the bedroom lights, only using the sconces, etc. I could have easily moved in, especially if it meant daily use of the fabulous rooftop bar and pool. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient, especially Mike who checked me in. I do have to say I found the bed a little uncomfortable, the traffic quite audible and the shower had issues such as a showerhead that didn’t move and sprayed the opposite wall when not blocked by my body and a shower curtain that barely reached the tub and splashed water on the floor, but seriously who cares? Look where I was staying - it was a beautifully-decorated suite at the Gansevoort and I loved it!	
Oct 1 2008 	Good location but overated rates vs experience	helloHad a stay in Sept/oct 08.Great location in a district remodeling every week.Rooms are good, but expensive to NY standards vs size.Great view from room, and gorgeous view from rooftop bar.Staff efficient, but not friendly nor really dedicated. Would need more training for the prices they charge.I gave it a try, but will not come back.	
Sep 28 2008 	So noisy ......	We've just returned from New York and had originally booked to stay in the Gansevoort for 3 nights, following a recommendation from friends. Unfortunately we lasted one night and checked out. Our room was on the 4th floor and above us was a bar/night club which didn't turn out till 4 am. The street noise, drunk people, car horns, bikes revving, traffic jams that went on from 10 am onwards, kept us awake till around 4.30 am ! We have never stayed in a hotel as noisy as this before and paid $600 a night for the privilege as well!We spoke to the hotel management who agreed that things have got a 'little out of hand' - but unless you're assured that the room you're considering is completely away from the clubbers and the associated noise and disturbance, then be aware!!The hotel facilities, room, food, service etc was good - the noise just totally spoilt it for us.	
Sep 19 2008 	loved it... how cool!	Our room was beautiful, had a great view, never slept on such a comfortable bed, and tons of different pillows to choose from. The outdoor bar and pool were terrfic. The area is so cool, really felt like I was not in the city. Lots of things to do in the neigborhood. Would defintely stay there again.. Kay Urban	
Sep 18 2008 	I got to see Celebrities!!	I was amazed by this hotel...I have stayed in many hotels in NYC but this one has to be my favorite! Very upbeat, fresh and young! When I stayed there I met Nelly Furtado. I was so excited cause she is my favorite singer! The rooms are clean and the service is excellent! They also have an amazing view on there rooftop! I will be staying at this hotel on my next visit!	
Sep 15 2008 	Disaster	I am still amazed to see that after losing some clothes in my room they don´t even answer my emails to recover them.The worst client care service I have ever seen.	
Sep 11 2008	GH Rooftop Terrace: STILL a hot spot in the big Apple!!	My friends and I did not stay at Gansevoort Hotel but it was one of our &quot;MUST GO&quot; spots for a fun Bachelorette Party in NYC!! It was one of the most memorable moments of a very busy weekend! From the moment we got there, everything was so nicely handled! At the door, the, impressive but nonetheless nice, bouncer made sure that we would be escorted up to the roof top terrace by one of their managers! Once at our table, Rick introduced himself and asked us to feel free to come see him should we need anything! Great music, top notch service, nice ambience, and beautiful crowd!!We all had a blast!!	
Sep 3 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Gansevoort	This hotel has it all: location, views, great rooms, super comfortable beds, a fabulous bar, a great roof top pool and amazing service. We were treated with 5 star service from the moment we arrived to our departure. I highly recommend the Gansevoort as THE place to stay in NYC. I work in the hospitality industry and have stayed in NYC many times. The Gansevoort will always be my first pick from now on.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great hotel and fantastic location	Stayed in New York on numerous occassions and have to say this is the nicest hotel and certainly the best location we have experienced. My wife and I loved the ambience of the hotel and there are some great restaurants right on the doorstep. The kids (12 &amp; 9) loved the roof top pool and the staff were great with them.	
Aug 22 2008 	Nice place but poor service...	On a recent business trip to NYC, decided to pick up one night at this hotel. Heard a lot of gossip and seen a lot of reviews... Place was nice, room was nice, but the overall service was definately lacking. Boutique hotels are designed for ultra personal service... but this one was terrible. Adding insult to the level of service... when I got back to Los Angeles I needed a copy of the bill for my expense report, and ended up having to leave a message for accounting as nobody at the Front Desk could provide me with a faxed copy??? Service??Try Brooklyn... there is a great boutique, hotel le blue.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Location Great Style	In the end of Sex and The City Movie, the camera pans out to reveal the 4 stars of the show walking down the street in front of this hotel. The location of this scene aptly describes this hotel: stylish, attractive, and sexy.If you like a &quot;scene&quot; that involves fashion, partying and shopping, then this is the place for you. This is not a hotel for business, family reunions, kids, or seniors.Some things that we really liked: hanging out at the rooftop pool and people watching. I agree with an earlier post that the music is kind of loud, but I think they start to crank it up around 4 or 5 PM. The room we had was great, unusually spacious for NYC. The windows sealed properly, and this is good because the street scene is noisy until late. The service staff was very professional and nice, but in a &quot;cool city way&quot; that could be interpreted as aloof by those not used to New York. The location is awesome. It's really easy to leave the hotel, walk in any direction and find really cool stores, bars, restaurants, and city scenes. The rooftop bar is nice because it is quite large, and you have the opportunity to view 360 degrees of cityscapes. I don't like the common practice of reserving most of the seating for &quot;bottle service.&quot; Can't wait to go back.	
Aug 19 2008 	LOVED Hotel Gansevoort	This hotel was very nice. The staff was pleasant and willing to answer any tourist questions. I would recommend their restaurant ONO for dinner.	
Aug 15 2008 	Family of four had good experience	After much research on this site and many others we chose the Gansevoort and we're all glad we did. Loved many aspects of this hotel: rooftop pool--fantastic spot to spend an hour or so in the late afternoon relaxing and taking in the great view and fun people watching scene (although we could have done without the background music that was too loud); location, location: great to walk across the street for lunch at Pastis, or 2 blocks down to the Chelsea Market for espressos and bagels, 10 minute scenic walk to Greenwich Village and a few more to SoHo. Easy to grab a cab to midtown museums, theatres and Central Park. We've stayed as a family at more traditional midtown hotels and all determined we prefer this hotel's downtown neighborhood location. We had a deluxe standard for 4 nights and the room was actually more spacious than anticipated--2 adults and 2 teenagers and we felt like we had enough room (unlike previous stays at the Plaza and the Waldorf). Also loved the fact that this room type provided us with great balcony and open window--I think this added to the more spacious feel of the room. Extra plus: had noted on reservation to hotel that we were celebrating a 50th birthday. Much to our suprise upon returning to room in late afternoon of first day, we found a bottle of Veuve Clicquot champagne, a (yummy) personalized birthday cake and birthday card! Very nice touch. Downside: as mentioned by other reviewers the noise at night is defintely something to consider. We were on the 6th floor facing the front entrance and there is a lot of nightime noise in general in the neighborhood, but especially because of the hotel's rooftop club. While this wasn't an issue most nights in terms of entering and getting to our room (staff let hotel guests go to front of line and in sep. elevator) it is loud until wee hours of morning. I wore earplugs and was fine and the rest of family was not really bothered too much. We would defintely stay at the Gansevoort again!	
Jul 30 2008 	TOP urban paradise	With luxury hotels, it's really about the little things that make a 'TOP' hotel stand out from a 'top' hotel - New York is full of top hotels, but Gansevoort is a TOP hotel. From the first step inside, you are greeted by the attentive door staff and accompanied to the reception by the ambient sound track of chill-out tunes that are also piped throughout the hotel. Reception staff are friendly, knowledgeable, accommodating, and not in the least bit stuffy.Inside the rooms there are huge comfortable beds with a sea of pillows and cushions. Flat screen TVs, iPod docking stations, along with separate hi-fi systems playing Gansevoort’s very own branded CD's for you to choose from also are housed for your in room comfort. Decor is chic and the artwork matches the contemporary nature of the hotel. There are also well stocked mini-bars with imaginative extras being offered. The hotel offers a good range of F &amp; B options, the pinnacle of which has to be the 'Plunge' bar in the swimming pool area of the hotel roof. With large queues of New York's finest waiting outside the hotel on a Friday and Saturday night for the opportunity to indulge in the generous cocktail and drinks menu, as a hotel guest you can sail past them all with a flash of your room key. With DJ's playing typically cool music fit for the hotel, the atmosphere is matches.The location of the hotel is perfect. Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of main stream Manhattan, Gansevoort is in the trendy Meat Packing District, minutes away from the nearest subway station and only a short walk from Greenwich, Soho and Chelsea. In the evening, the are tons of bars and restaurants appropriate for the reputation of the area, all within a stone throw away, enabling a good night out, without the hassle of a taxi ride home.The Older or older at heart folk of this world may not be so enthusiastic, with not a tartan blanket or piece of mahogany to be seen. But if you want a well equipped, well staffed hotel, with a contemporary feel, you would be hard pushed to find something as fitting as Gansevoort. This is a TOP hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	A bit too much velvet ropiness	A nice enough hotel in a pretty good area of the city. The room was a bit like rooms at the Rivington as was the general atmosphere here.The rooftop pool was pleasant, if a little crowded and the service was a rushed in the evening and forgetful during the day. We asked for menus 3 times then gave up and went to Matsuda (great).The hotel was let down somewhat by the general attitude in the evenings. The waiter in the bar acted like he was desperate for the bathroom when he was taking our drinks order and we couldn't get from the bar back into the lobby because they had locked the door, the girl at the desk went from ignoring us to refusing to open it (after we told her we were guests) and insisting we exited the building and re entered from the front door.The front door staff insisted on seeing our room keys before letting us in which after having stayed at other NY hotels with similar setups (gramercy park) that remembered its guests was just not acceptable.The morning staff were great which was a sharp contrast to the nightclub attitude of the evening with a few exceptions the Giant chap at the elevators was very pleasant and once you got into the lobby you became a guest again.Still, with some staff corrections this is not a bad place, the area is nice (chelsea market, Pastis for breakfast, galleries, shops etc) and the guy that played Harry H Corbett in the excellent Curse of Steptoe was in the lobby, unfortunately NY has a lot of places to choose around this level so they need to try harder.	
Jul 21 2008	Great For Events Mini Vacations or High Cliental Accomidations	I have stayed &amp; planned many events at hotels in Manhattan and I was truly blown away by the Gansevoort’s professionalism, accommodations and hip atmosphere. The roof top pool is s great touch to the hotel as well as the Spa and luxurious rooms. I also found it to be accommodating to families as well as to the privacy of high end clients. I highly recommend this hotel for either a romantic get away in NYC, a small mini vacation with friends or to throw a lavishing event that everyone will talk about.	
Jul 17 2008 	Treated like VIP's	We were a little concerned we might not be hip enough for the Gansevoort, we needn't have worried. During our stay we were treated like celebrities, I have never had such attentive service or knowledgable help from any hotel. Our room was lovely, not over the top, but thoughtfully laid out and furnished, we had a view of the Hudson river and of the street below, great for people watching, in our Grand deluxe room. There was plenty of space and storage in the bathroom, which was well lit. Bed was comfy, with a feather top, mini bar very well stocked.The roof top bar has different sections depending on mood, the staff are superb, once they realise you are a hotel guest they will ensure you get a table, however busy they are. As guests you can ignore the queues outside and staff usher you into the next elevator ahead of everyone, it's great. The buzz in the bar is superb, so much to see, it feels like the centre of the New York universe. Staff remember your name, your tastes and your drinks, the room was very clean and fresh, we left a wad of money in ours by mistake, it was neatly tidied and hidden when we returned! All the food we had was very good, breakfasts especially. We were on floor 8, far enough from the noise below and above, but you wouldn't come here for peace and quiet!The area is fantastic around here, some of the best food in manhattan is available, there are many, many bars. In this respect it is more like Europe, there is a distinct French feel. Shops are mainly high end, such as Marc Jacobs and Stella Macartney. We usually stay in midtown, but not anymore, we only ventured in once for shopping and couldn't wait to get back to our 'village' and our Gansevoort oasis.	
Jul 11 2008 	Only place to stay!	This place knows how to do it! Their service from check in to handling broken locks on suitcases, to making sure a birthday girl from Australia has the best few days...was amazing! Besides the best location in NYC for all things...eating,shopping, taking a subway or a cab uptown, across town, walking downtown...this hotel is second to none. Its in the mix of all things cool! Hot night clubs, bars....restaurants. The rooftop bar has wonderful views, gets pretty crowded and is full of different types of people but it mixes the drinks strong, the garden bar is more intimate and the rooftop pool has just enough water in it to keep you cool, plus feel like your on top of the world. The rooms are huge, so is the bathroom. My friend and I shared and didn't get in each others way at all. For female travellers we felt safe and secure always. The staff were genuinely interested in us, and were friendly and helpful and fun! I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and I believe its the only place to stay while tasting the 'Big Apple'	
Jul 10 2008 	Oh so self important!	The Gansevoort could be a decent place; nice location, ok rooms, but unfortunately most of the staff have ideas above their stations which inhibits the job they are paid to do; for instance, I simply want friendly receptionists and baggage men to help me with my bags, rather than mince about trying to look cool! So therefore the service, if it wasn't so embarrassingly hilarious to behold, was terrible. I'm not sure how hard any of these jobs are to do, but judging by the painful expressions and self righteous attitudes of the staff, they are obviously akin to rocket science....;o)	
Jul 4 2008	OK but not what it's all about	BIG disappointment from room, bar and food. Pool lounge and Bar scene small service worse. Stayed for 3 nights and wished I booked elsewhere. Rooms small and not cool; at least Soho has great service and cool toys for their small small rooms. The bar maids/attendands/service nasal and bad mannered. Can't say anything nice not even their 400 count sheets which were lumpy. Just skip this place and pay the difference in cab fare if you want to party down in the meat packing area. Scene at this hotel ....sory DOA.	
Jul 2 2008 	Woeful	stayed for two nights over a weekend - first off, i ordered a car through the concierge to collect me - it never turned up - there was some confusion on the dates - then when i was checking in the counter staff had an open discussion on whether I or another couple checking in would get the next available room (this was 12.30pm) - later in the week someone was checking in at 4pm and there were still no rooms ready - when i got to the room it smelled strongly of paint/chemicals - complained about that and they put some sort of air purifier in which solved that - the shower didn't drain properly either - asked them to fix that but never did - asked them to organise a town car to drop me up to colombia university - said minium 2 hours at $90 per hour min 2 hours - managed to organise one myself for $40 - my key card did not work a few times so had to return to reception to get that fixed - the area the hotel is in itself is very loud on weekends - lots of clubs, bars etc nearby - people are queuing in the lobby to get into the club on the top floor until all hours, so mayhem outside the hotel - and there is a big nightclub literally next door with huge crowds of people trying to get in (no queue, just a crowd outside) - room was fine, small tv - air con was poor - blinds let in too much light in the morning - bed comfy - staff generally snooty - location is fine if you want to be in 'hip' area - but a good 10+ mins to mid town and the better shops - overall extremely poor and won' t be returning	
May 19 2008 	Perfect NY Hotel!	Such a nice hotel!!!Great stay last week in rainy NY.Welcoming and knowledgeable staff, room very comfortable, every request answered fast.Bar upstairs really busy at night with amazing views.Perfect for a 3 day business trip.Will recommend and definitely go back!!!	
May 19 2008 	A Great Secret	I had the pleasure of experiencing the Hotel Gansevoort in October of 2007. I had not heard of the hotel before a friend recommended it. Upon arrival, I knew we had made a great choice. The hotel is in a great location -- in the Meatpacking District -- so you have a variety of nightlift options nearby. The hotel is very hip and trendy. The rooftop lounge was &quot;the&quot; place to see and be seen. The rooms are modern and minimalist - very contemporary. The service was exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 16 2008 	Over-rated with poor service and not to be recommended	If ever a hotel had an over-inflated opinion of itself it has to be the Gansevoort. We stayed for 3 nights and found the service very poor - inattentive, slow and shoddy. Our room was not properly cleaned, room service food was almost inedible and worst of all housekeeping was so unreliable that they managed to remove several items of personal clothing from the room after the first night and did not return all of them until we were back in London over a week later. We were forced to make over 20 calls/emails to track where they'd lost them...all because the management really did not seem to think it was their problem. They did not find alternative clothing, or even offer to, and to make matters worse they did not reduce the price of the stay despite our being manifestly inconvenienced by their lack of care. All in all, they seemed more concerned with appearing cool than providing good service. We felt ripped off, especially after experiencing such excellent service at The Bowery on the same trip - which is in a class of its own.	
Apr 16 2008 	Nice but not special and with frustrations	We’ve been to New York a couple of times prior, and are aware of the difficulty in getting decent, reasonably priced accommodation with good service. Despite this, we had an experience here I just had to share. Appreciate it may seem a little Simon Cowell.Stayed in a suite here for five nights in early April.We likedthe location. The meat packing really is a fantastic location and Gansevoort is right in the heartroom and view. We had a suite overlooking the Hudson on the 11th floor. At $800 per night it was expensive but for New York about the cheapest suite with two separate rooms we could findRestaurant. Food was good for the price. Not a 3 star michelin, but for the money very tasty and thoughtful dishesWe didn’tThe overall product is just not special enough. This hotel is positioned in some guidebooks along side the Mercer, 50 Thompson and even the Four Seasons. My expectations (particularly in the meatpacking) was an uber cool/unique offering. It really isn’t. It just doesn’t feel special enough and it was a bit of a disappointment. There are some really exciting hotels out there and I thought this would be one. The decor, service, food, concept, design/architecture, rooms are all fine. But just don't stand out. I caveat this view with the fact the our expectations we high given the positioning in some of the guide books and press. Plenty of frustrations to compound the above. (i) Service was variable - we asked for a cot for our daughter before arriving as we new after flying in we would all be tired and want to go bed. It wasn’t in the room on arrival and we had to ask twice more. Three hours later it arrived. Asked twice for a DVD payer which turned up two days later (bearing in mind the rooms are advertised with a DVD payer!). A couple of times the door staff watched us struggled with our stroller getting out of the front doors without offering to help. At least twice we couldn’t get anyone to answer the room service line and had to go downstairs. All in all, a million miles away from the Four Seasons (ii) The pool - looks amazing on the photos. The entire area was undercover when we stayed there and it wasn’t due to be taken down until the end on April despite the temperature being over 20C. It completely changed the space into a claustrophobic, chlorine smelling, stuffy space, where you are served drinks out of plastic cups by “girls who look like prostitutes wearing skimpy, mis-fitting, cheap, dresses who wouldn’t know what service looked like....”(as my wife put in one evening). If you go and the cover is down I bet its great. (iii) Overcharging on our bill - charged $60 for a mini bar binge that never happened. Brought the wrong bottle of wine one evening which resulted in an additional $20 going on our bill. We were told by one staff member that we wouldn’t have to pay for a simple glass of milk for our baby. They advised us just to call down and get it on a morning. We were charged 2 lots of $13 for two glasses of milk despite this! We politely made our point to the front desk and they were less than apologetic - they removed the overcharges but didn’t even say sorry. This annoyed me more than the over charging itself. (iv) The noise! - we were on the 11th floor and if you want an undisturbed nights sleep forget it (especially on a friday and Saturday night). The only night it was reasonable was Sunday. I can not imagine what this would have been like if we were down on say the third floor!!!?!!! (v) The breakfast buffet really was average. I asked for an expresso one morning and it was clearly all very hard and difficult. Usual fruit, yogurt, bland filter coffee, cereal, bacon, eggs. Go to Pastis (of sex in the city fame) across the street.We did have a fantastic vacation and we have re-calibrated the review given the relative expense New York. Anywhere else, at this price this hotel is two stars. I think the Soho house is better and its across the street.	
Apr 8 2008 	would stay again!	came into town with a friend for some business and some fun! the hotel...great, fun location with fantastic restaurants and shopping (although the area for shopping is expensive). hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. our room had a view of the cobblestone streets and pastis, it felt very old new york in a great modern building. bathroom and room spacious, very clean. so many great bars in ny, but having our very own rooftop bar to wind down the evening was perfect!	
Apr 5 2008 	Lots of plus points though a couple of bad	The hotel was, overall, very good. The rooms were extremely comfortable (the beds amazingly so) and well appointed. Bathroom very nice too. The other hotel amenities were also a high spot - the rooftop bar is an excellent place to have a drink or two whether it be before going out for dinner or when returning to the hotel late. Ono (the hotel restaurant) was also very good, though I only had cocktails here and didn't eat. Location is also excellent. There are so many great bars and restaurants on the doorstep that this is undoubtedly a great place to stay. It's also only a short and cheap taxi ride to the tourist spots and shopping of midtown.Slight downside was service which was, on the whole, good but not great. However, I can't say the same for the concierges who were excellent - I contacted them in advance and they helped me plan a lot of my trip including airport transfers and dinner/bar reservations. The cocktails in the rooftop bar (Plunge) were also a bit sub-standard, and served in plastic glasses. Stick to wine or beer!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great hotel superb experience however it can be a tad noisy	Beautiful hotel, great views, stellar service.Beware the &quot;New York experience&quot; having a club in the hotel. When all you want to do is lay your head down on the bed, having to push through the throngs of club-goers can be a bit off-putting as the front entry to of the hotel is always a &quot;scene&quot;. The scene outside can be noisy, but don't be afraid to complain. The staff is great as is the service. This is not a budget hotel -- be prepared.	
Mar 27 2008 	Excellent Location Good Value Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay here over the Easter weekend. The meatpacking district is a great base with good transport links and excellent restaurants nearby.The rooms are a little small, but average for NY. The decor is very tasteful, the bed was very comfy and the view (11th floor Grand Deluxe room) looking north was brilliant.The hotel has a well equipped gym (with TV and headphones). The pool looked like it would be nice in summer, but whilst we were there it had a temporary winter cover that intensified the chlorine smell and made it less appealing.The desk and concierge staff are efficient and helpful.	
Mar 20 2008	Not what it used to be but still amazing	I traveled to NYC and stayed at the Gansevoort the second week in March for my spring break. I stayed at the Gansevoort last year around the same time, and the hotel has changed a bit since then. Last year, whether on a Tuesday or Friday night, there was a line out the door to get into the rooftop bar, and the lobby was constantly crowded with trendy looking people. This year, the hotel wasn't nearly as crowded and the crowd seemed to be a lot older and more professional.  Despite the change in crowd, the hotel was just as great as I remembered it. My mom and I shared a suite, which was a glorified standard room with a parlor. We each had our own bathroom, and I slept on a fold out bed. Although we probably didn't need all the space, we got what we paid for. The maid service was excellent-- they cleaned up all my messes for me. We also recieved the NY Post each morning, which is a real step up from the typical Wall Street Journal I usually get at hotels. All rooms are equipped with robes, slippers, and umbrellas, which can come in handy with NYC's unpredictable weather. The Gansevoort's employees are all friendly, pleasant and eager to help, qualities that you don't encounter often in the city.The Gansevoort's location is unbeatable. With restaurants like Pastis, STK and the Spice Market within walking distance, and shops like Jeffrey and Scoop right down the street, you can avoid a few taxi rides. At night, the Meatpacking District is THE place to be, and if you are up for the city's fun nightlife, the Gansevoort is the perfect place to stumble home to--just don't expect the party to continue like it used to.	
Mar 15 2008 	Excellent Stay in a terrific neighbourhood	During our first visit in NYC, after a one night stay in a other hotel which was horrible, we decided to change hotels a go for hotel gansevoort. We booked through the website and it looks very good. The hotel is even better in real life.The staff is very friendly and the service is excellent. They always seem to be one step ahead of you, if you want to ask something they already have the answer before you asked.The rooms are very nice and very clean. We had a room with a great view on the Hudson river area.The hotel has excellent restaurants and even a club on the upper floor. The hotel lies in the meatpacking dirstrict which is booming with nice restaurants and shops!I really enjoyed staying here, makes you feel at home.If your lokking for a nice, hip and good service, go to the gansevoort.	
Mar 10 2008 	Not worth it for the price	I was very excited to stay at the Gansevoort during our 3-nights in NYC for my husband's birthday celebration weekend. I had high expectations because of the trendy decor of the hotel as well as the good experiences I've had at the rooftop bar in the past. For $500 per night, you also tend to raise your expectations a little bit. However, upon arriving to the hotel, the woman behind the desk was less than accomodating to help us get a room with a view of the Hudson River, which I had requested when I booked the room 3 months in advance. And then when we got to our room, the bathroom lights were burned out and it took them almost 24 hours to get someone in there to replace the lightbulbs for us. We also noticed that there was not a clock in our room. When we called the front desk to ask about it, they told us that not all guest rooms are equipped with a clock. Sorry, but for the average price of this hotel, we found that very odd. I think they could afford to put analog clocks in the rooms, even if they aren't fancy! We were also a bit irritated to find that we would get locked out of our room everyday, as our key cards would not work whenever we left the room and we had to go back to the lobby to them reactivated each time. It was annoying things like this that added up and made the stay not worth the price we were paying for the room. Aside from these frustrations, it is an ideal location if you want to be on the west side of Manhattan near some of the best restaurants and night life. One suggestion: Fly into the Newark airport instead of La Guardia, otherwise you will spend a lot of time and money on the cab rides to and from the airport!	
Mar 5 2008 	Top class New York accomodation	We stayed in the Gansevoort for a four night stay right at the start of March for a vacation in New York, our favorite city. The standard of accomodation was second to none, and the hotel offered everything we could have hoped for, almost!. All parts of the hotel were immaculately clean and polished, from the lobby and other public areas, through the corridors to the rooms.  I was particularly impressed with the way the room cleaners went about their business. Plenty of towels were provided and the room was left perfect twice daily by staff. All aspects of the room were very comfortable and roomy but I didn't see the basic grade room as we stayed in the grand deluxe. Bathroom facilites were all faultless.Previous reviewers suggested that the hotel had a somewhat cold atmosphere, and I certainly can understand their impression, and do not disagree with their analysis in this regard, but I do not see this as necessarily a bad attribute. The staff were always helpful, efficient and discreet, and some indeed were very friendly. The hospitality could not be described as &quot;old style hospitality&quot; though.One gripe: I would not recommend a holidaymaker to avail of breakfast in the hotel. It was adequate in terms of quality but expensive and I thought the charge was at odds with that indicated on the menu.	
Mar 4 2008 	Awesome stay at the Hotel Gansevoort	My family and I had a wonderful experience at the Hotel Gansevoort. The room was amazing, clean, modern and comfortable a real cool place in the heart of the meatpacking district. The staff was great they made all the right recommendations for both dinners and brunch! The beds where perfect! The kids loved the rooftop pool (covered and heated in winter). i can only imagine how great it would be in July.... Overall a truly great city getaway that I highly recommend.	
Feb 26 2008 	Nice Stay	I enjoyed my stay in mid january. It was cold but the hotel made it enjoyable to stay in. The staff was very attentive with a smooth transition upon request. No complaints except like every other hotel mini bar items are a little on the high side. But who cares after a night of drinking water is a necessity. The area is saturated with shop, restaurants and bars. Do your research because if you dont have reservations you will wait a while for dinner. Concierge service is above average at this hotel. enjoy your stay here.P.S. the spa is great for an afternoon of relaxation.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great location 	I flew in from LA and one of my oldest friends from London joined me there. The staff were friendly (I used the concierge alot for local tips, booking places, checking times etc) the room was huge for NYC - two very comfy beds, well designed (ie aesthetically pleasing and functional) bathroom, room furniture , nice pool and bar on the roof, and great location for restaurants etc.The club upstairs can get a bit noisy on the w'end and our lovely complimentary champagne took ages to arrive (my pal is from Glasgow and my parents from Dublin so we like to get our booze on time!) but this didn't dampen our experience and we hope to return there next year and make it an annual occasion. cuddly squeeky duck was a fun gift to go home with. We also took the Sex And The city tour which was a hoot - if you are a fan of the show ofcourse!	
Feb 22 2008 	Boutique hotel in great location	Two nights in a Gansevoort Suite overlooking the Hudson - not as good a view as it sounds unfortunately - but a nice room with sitting area. Could have done with a separate shower rather than within the bath and a curtain that stuck to you! Staff friendly and helpful. Ono restaurant very good for modern Japanese evening meal. Breakfast buffet poor - dried up scrambled eggs and dry bacon. Don't bother, just go over the road to the fabulous Pastis for breakfast or lunch or dinner! Did not use the spa, but it did look compact to say the least. Very good location in the Meatpacking district with its high-end fashion stores and some interesting cafes etc. Taxis plentiful and you need them as its a long way downtown from the Park etc, but after you've done the 5th Ave stores, its better downtown anyway. Four days ago it was 70 degrees (in February!) and today it is snowing heavily - 7 inches on the pavements outside - but that's NYC weather for you. Staff helped to liaise with airlines on delays etc. Would like to go back in the Summer to benefit from the hip roof top pool and bar.	
Feb 21 2008	Amazing...	I just got back from a two night stay at the Gansevoort. From start to end the staff was great, and so was the room, breakfast, room service and location. This is a really great place to stay if you are visiting NYC. I didn't try the spa area but it looked amazing.	
Feb 21 2008	The Gansevoort is outstanding!	Our 5 nights at the Gansevoort were a fabulous experience,Tim, the manager, made everything easy and answered all needs. The staff is amazingly consistent in providing responsive, competent service. The beds are the BEST! We will always stay at Gansevoort when in NYC.MSS	
Feb 10 2008 	Great staff and service	My wife and I returned from a four night stay at the Gansevoort where we had a basic room. I have stayed here several times since it first opened but was most impressed on this visit due to the increased level of service and the quality of the staff. Everyone we met was helpful, friendly and very attentive including the front desk, maid, security and anyone else we ran into during our visit.Our room was spotless, everything worked perfectly and it was very, very quiet (5th floor). I enjoyed the workout room where all the equipment is brand new and spotless. The front desk was very accomidating when we needed anything including a late checkout. Since the Meatpacking District is one of the most popular trendy destinations on Friday and Saturday nights for the club and party crowd in NYC, the Gansevoort and especially their rooftop bar has long lines and a ton of outsiders who want to enjoy it. The hotel has extensive security and seprate entrances for hotel guests. You can avoid the crowds completely and just go to your room, or bypass the lines and visit the penthouse bar or the unique basement spa bar without waiting in line. My wife really liked that preferential treatment even though we didn't stay long in either place.If you want a hip, trendy hotel, that really works the Gansevoort is the very best in NYC	
Feb 7 2008	Gansevoort AMAZING	It's been a really long time since I've traveled with my dog and had such a great experience. The staff was amazing, and the hotel is beautiful. In a city like NY one rarely spends a lot of time in their hotel, but this is an exception. The restaurant is incredible.The staff went out of their way to make us and our dog feel welcome and at home.Will definitely come back!	
Jan 30 2008 	Loved Gansevoort	Fabulous location. Great rooms and bed was fantastic. Even comfortable conditions to work in. Restaurant is delicious. very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of great restaurants nearby	
Jan 28 2008 	Good. not Great.	I just returned from a weekend in New York at the Gansevoort with a few friends in their late 20s/early 30s. The location is great for shopping and dining. We received a great recommendation for brunch from the concierge (Paris Commune). The front desk was attentive, and the security was very tight at night, which was reassuring. However, I'm not sure the stay was worth the price. One of our rooms was on the 10th floor, and the hallway was completely under construction. There were construction workers, drywall dust and big temporarly lights everywhere. We weren't given a warning or an advance option to stay on a different floor. Our other room was on a lower floor and the street noise on the weekend was very loud. We also found the walls to be fairly thin and we were woken up around 3 am by a couple screaming and fighting in the hallway. When the fight continued into their room, we could still hear the ranting.The rooms had hip decor, however the TVs seemed small and one of our down comforters had a visible stain on it. I also found the gym to be somewhat lacking. It had new equipment, but had low ceilings and the tvs were hidden behind glass. All in all, I would recommend this hotel for people looking to go out on the town, but not for a relaxing/quiet weekend.	
Jan 24 2008 	Little too trendy but GREAT service	My mom and I stayed at the Gans last summer for 4 nights. It's a very trendy hotel that is right near my NYC office. I was there on business and my mom tagged along to see New York. Every evening we sat out on the rooftop bar and she told me about her day over $14 drinks. We would leave for our evening activities and were often surprised by the long line to get into the hotel upon our return. Fortunately, guests of the hotel did not have to stand in that line. I don't think they would have let my mom and me into the lower level spa that turns into a night club.I was annoyed that there was not a coffee maker in the room and that I had to order a $20 pot of coffee every morning. I was became even more annoyed when I discovered that I could purchase a &quot;personal satisfaction&quot; device from the mini bar but could NOT make myself a cup of coffee in the morning. Maybe the average guest has other priorities.The rooms was excellent. The beds were comfortable and I enjoyed the view from the window. The shampoo, condition and lotion provided are awesome. The concierge really went above and beyond in assisting my mom in planning her visit. She wanted to see a lot and they helped her map out some things knowing that she was going about town on her own.Whenever I am in NYC and unable to stay at the Gans I always make it there for a cocktail on the roof. I do recommend crossing the street and having dinner/drinks at Pastis. It's my home away from home rest/bar in NYC.	
Jan 21 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Our fifth (maybe sixth?) stay in this great hotel. This time we stayed in a suite for a couple of weeks.As always - helpful and friendly staff, the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in, good gym, unbelievable pool on the roof, ever-changing views over the Hudson river . . . Easy to get around - one quick trip to 53rd St and 5th Ave, to Columbus Circle, to Central Park etc - via the nearby subway station, and there's a never-ending supply of cabs.The location is great for excellent shops and pleasant streets for strolling. Taking advantage of the low dollar, we both got new prescription eye-glasses at the nearby Artsee opticians, recommended by the hotel's concierge. A host of restaurants and cafes are within a couple of minutes walk.We're already planning - and looking forward to - our next visit in May.	
Jan 11 2008	WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE	My wife and I stayed here in August of last year. I too had read the reviews that complained of the levels of service, the poor response of front desk staff and so on, but the positives appeared to outweigh the negatives and so we called the hotel and booked ourselves in. My wife and I have trevelled a lot around the world and are pretty picky. But at this hotel, from the moment we arrived to the moment we left the levels of service and customer care we received were absolutely first class. Staff were everything you hope for when you arrive tired and lagged after a long journey. We were offered a number of dfferent rooms until we had exactly what we wanted, a view of the Hudson and a little balcony. This lovely welcoming, 'how can we please?' attitude set the scene for a lovely stay. At check-out I commented to the staff that I could not understand all the negative comments on this site and offered to submit a review upon my return. I said I would call it 'What is wrong with these prople'. Unfortunately I am not quite as efficeient as the staff at the Gansevoort and it has taken me 5 months to get round to it. But here it is and I remain as incredulous as ever. What is wrong with these people who complain about the Gansevoort? This place is fantastic and I cannot recommend it highly enough. Finally, if you are the moaning type, I would suggest that you give these wonderful guys a break and go somewhere else.Prof Lester Lloyd-Reason, Cambridge, UK,	
Jan 10 2008 	Behind every great hotel you will find an excellent Hotelier	What differs between a good hotel and an extraordinary hotel usually can be defined by the quality of service and the attention and devotion of the staff to carry out their jobs with pride and satisfaction to the service provided to the guest. Five star service is an art learnt through years of training and dedication, yet it cannot succeed without a person directing and maintaining the high standards required in this very competitive market. In the Gansevoort the man who has lead the team and set the standards of 100% customer care Patrik Horstmann is a man of extraordinary dedication to the care of his customers. I had dealings with the hotel with which was really a small administrative error but it came to the attention of Patrik, he demonstrated qualities that cannot be learnt in a hotel college, but a natural flair for excellence and more than made up for the small erro! r and made me a very generous gesture which really want necessary but as he said to me ''I love to make people happy, that is what it is all about' and he did. Surely one of the leading hoteliers in New York City and on Par with the greats Like Christopher Norton of the Georges V in Paris. The Gansevoort under his direction can only get better.Pat Murphy Amsterdam Netherlands	
Jan 7 2008 	Great location	The location is great, in the heart of the meat packing with a good choice of restaurants/shops on the doorstep. The staff were very courteous and professional and front desk upgraded our room. Rooms are not big but they have everything in them and were cleaned twice a day - immaculate. We stayed three nights, and on the last night, a Saturday there was a lot of street noise from revellers. The bar on the top floor is worth a visit with fine views over the skyline, mind you the music is stuck in some repetitive nineties Ibiza time warp. I guess the only area where I felt the hotel let it self down was the small little charges for everything - I thought it was out of character with the hotel and that the hotel should be more mature - felt like paying for your drink in business class. Outside you have Chelsea market, with lots of little bakeries etc which is great for breakfast, Spice Market excellent for evening food and you can stroll down to the Village. Overall very professional and an excellent stay.	
Jan 4 2008	Great sexy sophisticated place	Great hotel for adults. It is right in the middle of it all in soho, great restaurants around, night life, etc. The rooms are great, not over the top 5 star, but great. The night life in the hotel is excellent, the roof top bar plunge, and the roof top pool is great, we stayed 4th of July weekend, fantastic!The concierge is very good, which is typical of better NYC hotels, even so, he is above average even amongst good company. A great place to stay all in all. Would go back in a heartbeat. Only downside, but this is typical in NYC, if you are bringing a car, it is $40 every time you bring it in! So no in/out privileges.	
Jan 3 2008 	Nice but not worth the price	We enjoy the location and the soft music that play through the hotel. The colors scheme of the hotel and room was very relaxing. Bathroom while modern with earth tone was small and to add a insult most items in the bathroom were price to sell like you had not pay enough already. I really like my stay but would have love if it were for half the price. Oh the staff not sure I meet any but one who as I enter late that night ask if I was staying there and with my actknowledgment let me pass without any effort to check me out. Very safe I thought. Not exactly on my list of places to stay again.	
Jan 2 2008 	trendy NY feel	Would highly recommend this hotel. Very trendy, upscale boutique style NY hotel. Rooms are small, but very nice. You feel ultra modern and chic when you stay here. Great shower and stereo system was a plus. Staff were helpful, never rude but not especially friendly. Room service and maintenance were prompt. Comfortable bed. We were told our room was an upgrade due the view, which may have been nice had there not been a big crane hanging over the water. But still worth getting room with a view, it's fun to look down at the busy cobbled street below.Great location for all of down town, especially meat packing district. A few nice bars close by and some fabulous restaurants. The Gansevoort's own roof top bar has people lining up to get in, many nights of the week. Bar has great views, nice for a cocktail or two, full of NY's young professionals and IT girls. Great people watching. Good luck getting into the pool up there though, everytime we went up it seemed to be closed for a photo shoot of some kind. (LeeAnn Rhimes was shooting one when we tried to get in one day, was cool to see her though)Stay here if you want to feel very New York, you will have a great stay.	
Dec 20 2007 	Loved the amazing Gansevoort Hotel	We just spent 4 night at the Gansevoort Hotel and absolutely loved it! I work in the industry at a smiliar property in London and were blown away by the hotel and the staff working there.Our rooms were amazing decorated and very spacious - filled with all the amenities you could wish for.The staff were equally amazing. The door staff, front desk and concierge went above and beyond their call to accomodate any requests we had.Housekeeping made the room seem like we had just arrived and everything was fresh and untouched.Prior to our arrival I had been in contact with Charlene @ the concierge desk to arrange balloons and champagne to be put in the room before we got there as we were celebrating a birthday for a friend of mine. All this was so easy to arrange and a big surprise to our friend.I would definitely stay there again and will recommend it to my friends and customers.	
Dec 15 2007 	Too cool for school	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hotel Ganesvoort for a girl’s weekend trip to NYC. Each of us has spent time in the City before and this time we wanted to stay in the meatpacking district. The location is fabulous, several great bars, restaurants, and clubs are in the area. The modern décor has a rather stark feel that didn’t particularly suit me, but might be right for others. The service was on occasion great and other times, mediocre. The rooms are spacious for NYC and the amenities are as described by the hotel. We enjoyed the roof-top bar as well. We enjoyed the trip, and our stay was comfortable, but not sure it was worth the rather high room rate.	
Dec 13 2007	Thumbs Up!!	Excellant service and very friendly staff. Loved the rooms and would definitely go back.	
Dec 11 2007 	Nice but We Weren't Impressed	My wife and I visit Manhattan about 3-4 times each year, each time for 2-4 days, to catch a show or two, shop, and generally just walk around enjoying the sites, sounds, smells and people of New York. For each visit, we generally stay in a different neighborhood to better get to know The City.This trip (Dec. 8-10) was intended to be all about the Meatpacking District, so we selected the Hotel Gansevoort based on the hotel's website and the mostly-positive reviews here on TripAdvisor.Unfortunately, our visit wasn't nearly as special as others have experienced. In fact, in my response to the guest comment survey from the hotel, I indicated, well, as follows... (&quot;While nice, the hotel was not particularly special in appearance. The front desk staff and concierge met only the most basic expectations of completing the simple process of checking us in/out, and making a dinner reservation. For the rate paid (over $1,000/night incl. taxes), I expect excellence, and received only the mediocrity I would have expected from a routine business-class hotel such as a Hampton Inn or similar type property. For these reasons, we will not be returning to the Gansevoort.&quot;)All due apologies to Hampton Inns all over the country, as they continue to be consistent, comfortable and cost-effective for my business travel.Back to the Gansevoort...We were staying in a Junior Suite (#912), which admittedly provided a decent view of the just-opened Apple Store at 9th Ave and 14th Street (see my photo). I'm an Apple fan, so that was a nice treat. :-)The room was nicely sized, especially for Manhattan, though corner rooms often are. We arrived at the hotel at about 11:15 AM, knowing fully that check-in was 3:00 PM. We dropped our bags with the bellman (Orlando), and headed out on a nice Saturday to enjoy the area. We ate at Pastis (right across the street from the hotel) and enjoyed a wonderful brunch. At 2:28 PM, just as we were settling our check at Pastis, the front desk called to let us know a room was available, so we headed across the street to get settled in. Orlando was again gracious in bringing our bags to the suite, and in giving some local tips for dining (Buddakan instead of Buddha Bar, for example; both are very close walks from the hotel). One odd touch: there was a small stuffed duck/goose on the bed, which we learned was complimentary and is supposedly the icon for the hotel even though I didn't see this anywhere else during our stay.Contrary to comments from some reviewers, we weren't bothered by the street noise. Maybe we were too tired from a long day of wandering the streets, seeing a show (Spamalot on Saturday, Wicked on Sunday; both were terrific). When we returned to the hotel, there was quite a line of 20-somethings waiting to get into the G Lounge (the spa in the basement converts to a lounge at night). As hotel suite guests, we were &quot;on the guest list&quot; and able to bypass the waiting line, so we went directly downstairs to check it out. The lounge was very small, okay music, not lit as seductively as it could be (more candles and less halogen-type lights would help). The crowd was typical, what my wife and I call &quot;New York attractive&quot; (young, thin, darkly dressed). I think we stayed about 10 minutes before deciding it just wasn't for us. BTW, we visit trendy clubs regularly, and don't mind loud music. We're 30-40-somethings :-) and feel quite comfortable in the midst of younger crowds, so that wasn't the situation here. The G Lounge simply lacked something that we couldn't identify, but knew immediately was missing.Sunday evening, when we walked to Buddakan (about 2 1/2 blocks north on 9th (at 16th), it was raining, and the hotel provided umbrellas for guest use. The food at Buddakan was terrific (the steak in particular, but also the lobster/shrimp/noodle concoction), and the service was impeccable.Our check-out process Monday was simple at the front desk... again, nothing special at all. No &quot;thank you for staying with us&quot;, &quot;come back soon&quot;, or the typical and expected salutations.In summary, if you want a decent location in the meatpacking district, and don't care if the hotel staff pays any real attention to you or not, the Gansevoort is not a bad choice. However, the cost is significant, and my wife and I were not impressed enough to consider or recommend the Hotel Gansevoort.	
Dec 4 2007 	Loved the area!!	My boyfriend and I managed to get a good rate with the Ganservoort through our work. Maybe if I had had to pay the full price I probably wouldnt have been as impressed as the room was quite small and the A/C was always really warm. Never the less it was very clean and the concierge were extremely helpful. They also have a great bar and restaurant. Which leads to me to the main attraction of this hotel..its location! The bars and restaurants within stone throwing distance are amazing! Pastis for eggs benedict, lunch at the Fig and Olive, amazing steak dinner at Tengune and then a night cap at PM or the hotel club. Would definately stay there again and have recommended it to all my (party) friends!	
Nov 28 2007	Wonderful stay at The Gansevoort	Beginning to end experience was very pleasant. We were first greeted with a nice letter from the Reservations desk to inform us of our future stay and then another sweet note awaited us in our room.I have to say that The Gansevoort Hotel offered the perfect setting for my friend and I. The décor and atmosphere were amazing and just made our stay that much better. We stayed there for the weekend and the beauty of it all was the location. Having a hotel where we can easily find great shops and food makes everything easier.I do have to compliment the staff, every single person was always in the perfect mood and made sure we were well taken care of. Happy people in there jobs and a smile makes the environment more pleasant and contagious for everyone else. We contacted the concierge a couple of times requesting some assistance and they were happy to assist us with any needs.Our room was always cleaned and housekeeping was very respectful. We were greeted with some complimentary gifts which I though was a nice gesture from the Hotel staff. Our room was on the 11th floor which meant we didn’t have to deal with any outside noise not to mention the view was breathtaking. Having a hotel where we can sleep, eat, shop, and dance. I would have to say is a combination made in heaven.Gansevoort Hotel made our New York experience the best and I believe it is the best hotel for anyone to stay. They offer great food, having shopping, spa, and a club in one location. I would definitely stay there again on my next visit especially when the room rates are reasonable prices. I recommend this hotel to anyon	
Nov 28 2007 	Absolutely fabulous!	I have been to NYC many times before and stayed at other hotels but this time was the best by far, not only the hotel was beautiful but the staff was very nice, (a very odd characteristic to find in New York!). The room was so lovely that it was hard to drag myself away from the hotel to go shopping, and that's hard to believe! The pool is magnificient, very luxurious, and the lounge is even better! Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in! An absolute must .	
Nov 21 2007 	Loved it!	We had some people in the city and since NYC apartments are small and usually not very comfortable, we put them up in the Gansevoort. - and we were absolutely happy with it.The rooms are spacious (for NYC standards) and very tastefully decorated. The area is the best area for visitors that want to enjoy nightlife, restaurants and shopping, but are tired of fifth avenue etc.We would love to come back in the summer when the roof in the pool area is open. Then this hotel become the number one hotspot for pool junkies.I can see that this place is not everybody's cup of tea, but i believe its one of the best run hotels in the city!	
Nov 20 2007 	Unparalleled Service	I have traveled the world over and stayed @ the best hotels.The difference for me amounts to one word &quot;SERVICE&quot; !! The professionalism and caring @ this hotel was A-1. The feel of a european hotel with all the american amenities. I highly recommend to the business traveler. They made my trip a little bit easier and for this I am grateful. Rare in todays' business climate.ThanksJoanie	
Nov 19 2007 	An incredible stay at Hotel Gansevoort	My stay was short but very, very sweet. From the obvious great views to the detailed attention I received thru out my stay...I recommend this Hotel to everyone! Staff was very polite and professional. I loved roof top bar and the rooms are spacious and beautiful with great bathrooms.Amid elegance and superb service...The Hotel Gansevoort is the place to stay when you find yourself in New York City.Thanks for the great weekend.CEM	
Nov 14 2007 	First Class Experience	Spent two nights at the hotel (Saturday &amp; Sunday). Enjoyed a north facing superior room which had a bay window with built-in window seat on the 11th floor. The room was in perfect condition. The materials and finishes of the room, furniture and bathroom were tasteful, appealing and actually useful! The room was so nice that we didn't want to leave... We enjoyed the lounge &amp; pool on the top floor too. The staff was helpful and accomodating. I would highly recommend this hotel and would love to return!	
Nov 13 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised...	I have to admit that after reading tens and tens of reviews that I was really skeptical about this hotel. Bad expereiences permiate more than good expereiences, but I was ready to see for myself. I stayed on November 6, 2007 for five nights. The great service started when I got arrived at the hotel and the bellman took my luggage into the lobby. I checked in and was graciously upgraded from a standard room to a deluxe room. The bellman then rung up the elevator for me and showed my around the room once I got there. Very cool. The complimentary breakfast was okay, nothing to get too excited over. There was a lot of fresh fruit around. There was even an omelete station (with a sign that mentioned an extra charge for an omelete) The room was spacious and the beds were turned down every evening. I want to note that room service will only conduct turndown service when it is convenient for you. The bathrooms were big and stylish, and most of all clean. In fact, the whole suite was pretty well organized and felt in place.The staff was friendly and attentive in both Ono and the lobby lounge. The food is quite expensive, but it's offset by restuarants in walking distance (like across the street). I found myself going to Pop Burger about a five minute walk north of the hotel. All in all, the hotel is in a great location and the staff was friendly (despite what other reviews have stated).I'm definitely checking in again.PROS: Great location, nearby restuarants (all walking distance), attentive staff, clean rooms.CONS: IN-Hotel dining is expensive, hailing a taxis can be a hit or miss, high traffic area (with never ending honking of car horns) in the evenings -- especially Thursday through Saturday nights. (It didn't bug me, as I just coughed it up to typical NY atmosphere)	
Nov 13 2007 	loved it	Stayed for a 2 night break last weekend for a shopping trip.Hotel is very cool. Nice rooms and bathrooms. Rooms a little on the small side but thats usual for New york. Great bar on the top floor. Very busy in the evening.....Q's around the corner to get in.I ate at Pastis twice (which is 10 steps outside the front door). It was lovely.Vey noisy at night with all the cabs 'honking' at 3 am but thats pretty normal for NYC.	
Nov 6 2007 	Quite nice	It is interesting how widely reviews can range. I was excited about this hotel after reading some great reviews and then read several bad reviews that made me guarded. The negative reviews concerned poor service, loud partying tunnel crowd guests and unimpressive breakfast. MY experience with these: the hotel was very nice, the staff was quite courteous and professional, the rooms were nice enough, and the breakfast (first of all, it's FREE!) was just lovely. It was in the Ono restaurant which is a beautiful elegant setting and they had coffee, tea and juice and fresh fruit and berries and cereal and yogurt. It was the best muesli cereal I've ever had and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Sure, the place is a bit pricey....I shopped around to get one night for $475 and the second for $675 for probably their lowest level room but then, the La Quinta Inn is $300/night! I had no problem with loud guests but then I was there on a Sunday and Monday night. May be different on the weekend. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there.	
Nov 4 2007	Loved the Gansevoort	Great rooms, yummy beds, good size.. Staff very polite, helpful , excellent bar upper and lower perfect access to the Village, Soho and Wall Street. Surrounded by fantastic restaurants. Wonderful time Geoff &amp; Wendy	
Oct 14 2007 	Nice hotel but it's a noisy area!	My husband and I (50 somethings) just spent the weekend in NYC visiting our daughter (student at NYU) and our son (student at The New School). We decided to try the Gansevoort on our daughter's recommendation. There was alot to like -- our room was very nice with a wonderful view of the Hudson River and NJ; the service was good; the restaurant (Ono) was great; and it's close to lots of good restaurants in the West Village area. The big drawback was, however, street noise. The hotel is in a big &quot;clubbing&quot; area of NYC -- and despite being 10 floors up, we were awakened both nights at ~ 3:30-4:00am by loud voices, honking, and sirens as the clubs let out. So if you're young and go to clubs yourself it's probably a good choice. We'll head back to the Soho Grand or the W on Union Square next time we go for the weekend.	
Sep 18 2007 	Gansevoort - Still uber cool	A very cool hotel - why?? A great location, great bars and cool roof top pool.Quality feel and worth the $400 per night.Go if you like a lively and contemporary hotels.	
Sep 4 2007 	Nice - But Lacks Substance	After checking everywhere, my friend used his NYC bank rate to book a room for Labour Day (I am Canadian!) weekend. We booked a Queen bed for $300 per night. This was substantially less than the $549 per night that I found on Kayak.com or Expedia.We arrived during the day, and were greeted by the doorman who insisted on taking our bags. The bellboy was very helpful, but the front desk person wasn't. It was like I was doing her a favour for checking into her hotel!!We wanted something to drink, and so we were told to check Restaurant ONO. We did, and they told us to go upstairs to the rooftop bar. We went there, and weren't able to get the drink that we wanted (a cold coffee), and so we went back downstairs, and walked a few blocks to the local convenience store, and bought one there. We then went back to our room (Room 701) - and were reasonably impressed by the room and its decor. The room was somewhat small for my standards, but it is much larger than a normal NYC room. The layout was fine, and the washroom was very well done up.But that was about it. Nothing really more to add - no SUBSTANCE to the hotel. The people weren't friendly (except for the doorman). And they were CONSTANTLY trying to grab more money from us. The mini bar, the water and the toiletries that they wanted us to pay for - at such exhuburant prices...they were a complete cash grab/rip off. Why would I pay $8 for a bottle of water, when I could walk down the street, and get one for a buck?The restaurant wasn't that nice either. Breakfast was OKAY at best...a selection of cereal (boxed and museli), yoghurt, coffee, tea, and some pastries was about all that one could have as part of the room rate. If one wants an omlette, there is a $15 charge (conveniently, they didn't advise me of this charge, and so when my wife had an omlette, I refused to pay, and they grudgingly waived my bill).The location, however, is excellent. Especially if you want to go out, and be seen. The area is the hippest/coolest part of town, and you will see alot of hip 30 somethings walking around - day and night. The only issue is getting back into the hotel at night - the line up for the rooftop patio and G Lounge is so long. The doorman wasn't so nice at this time of night!!All in all, I don't think that this is worth the $300 per night. For this price, I would have rather stayed near Central Park, and received better treatment as a guest. Granted I wouldn't be in the hippest/coolest part of town, I would be serviced at a true 5 star standard.I give this hotel 3.5 stars, although it looks like a 5 star boutique.	
Sep 4 2007 	Another great stay	I feel sorry that the last reviewer had such a bad experience as just one week later we enjoyed our second stay at the Gansevoort. Room and bathroom were as immaculate as ever - and all the staff we came across were excellent. The pool staff were friendly and made sure they found us chairs on a very hot Saturday, even moving others' possessions for us. What a lovely afternoon spent by the pool. The location is of course brilliant and the beds, so comfortable. The only one criticism I would have is that tables are reserved at the rooftop bar in the evening leaving little room for residents. We ended up taking guests back to our room for drinks before we went out for the evening. Unlike previous reviewers, I have never had any problem with 'attitude' of staff I have encountered. I agree that the doorman is great. We will definitely return here.	
Aug 18 2007 	Terrible awful stay	We were on way to Boston for the weekend and had heard so much about this hotel that we stayed here. Extremely dissapointed. Main reason we were staying was the swimming pool and bar on the top of the hotel and the view. The hotel was having a private event that was using not only the area on top but also the other 2 restaraunts and bars in the hotel. They had security at all 3 elevators that was like getting to the President. I brought this to the attention of the staff and management and basically having Fox Sports rent out the areas was much more important than taking care of guest. I have no problem with them renting out their bars and restaraunts, but when that is one of the highlights that you sell, then it should be noted. If they had called and advised or told us at check in, it would have been no problem to stay somewhere else. Add to all that, we asked the conceirge for dinner recommendations and he made them. Then ask that him to make the reservations, he wrote everything down, and when we went to dinner they had no reservations. I checked back with the Hotel and the conceirge had forgotten to call that afternoon for reservations. Talked to the manager when I left and while he did not seem concerned, he offered to upgrade our room on our next stay. You have got to be kidding, not staying there again. Will adivise our travel agent and the person who highly recommended. For $ 1350 you would expect much more.	
Jul 21 2007 	Glam Gansevoort	My friend who lives in NYC recommended this hotel. It was my first visit to the big apple, so I naturally had high expectations. This hotel certainly lived up to them! Staff members were friendly and helpful, but I can understand how individuals would classify this environment as a bit over the top (stuffy). The decor is modern and the hotel is centrally located in the Meat Packing district. We were pleasantly surprised with the close proximity of fantastic restaurants, clubs, and bars. You don't need a cab on the weekends for going out! If you prefer to use the metro, the A, C, and E lines are one block away. We stayed on the 11th floor with a fantastic view of the city. The best is honestly the most comfortable ever! It's also nice that they provide guests with free in-room Wi-FI. Breakfast at Ono was included with our room, which was great! The swimming pool is a bit small, but the view is so amazing... it's nice just to sun bathe and people watch. The G Lounge is also fun, but crowded. After presenting my room card, I was treated completely different by the doormen and &quot;bouncers.&quot; I think that this hotel should be avoided by individuals with families and older couples as it transitions to a night club by 930/10 PM. Otherwise it's a great choice for singles and the younger crowd.... but a bit expensive.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Room Great Location	I was VERY apprehensive about our stay at Hotel Gansevoort because I had read horrible reviews about the staff, the view, the size of the room etc. I was so pleased when we checked in (July 3-5) to find that I was worried for no good reason. The room we were in was beautifully appointed with a very comfy king-sized bed (room 711).There are many great restaurants immediately outside the hotel. We chose Revel Restaurant just by chance and thoroughly enjoyed our late outdoor dinner. The wait staff here are very good as well.The Gansevoort is a chic, modern hotel with a nightclub/lounge feel. The minimalist design and fancy lighting may not be suited to everyone, but I would definitely recommend it for a girls' weekend getaway, young couples and hip 20-30 somethings.	
Jun 22 2007 	Loved it	Hotel rooms clean and modern, not particularly big rooms but with a view over the Hudson i'm not complaining. The one thing that sets it apart, is the pool on the roof which was just wonderful after hours pounding the streets of manhattan. The staff were really friendly and accomodating too, whether its bringing drinks or clean towels, nothing was too much trouble plus being slap bang in the meatpacking district it really does give you that New York feeling.	
Jun 21 2007 	No longer at the cutting edge	I have stayed at the hotel on three occassions in the past year. The Meatpacking District has seen a complete transformation over the past 10 years and certainly until recently, was the 'hippest' place in NYC. Unfortunately, as is the case with anything hip - the media over expose it and the 'out of towners' move in. This is unfortunately the case with the Gansevoort.It still looks good and has some great touches. The roof pool &amp; bar is fun (even if the service from the snooty waitresses is somewhat to be desired), the G Spa remains a cool venue (not sure if drinking &amp; spa are the best combination...). Rooms, if not spacious - are well appointed, with quality linen, bathroom ammenities etc... The breakfast is also very well done. Staff are friendly, but a little too relaxed for the quality they portray as a hotel.I was there for close on 2 weeks. The midweek crowd is media, fashion etc... I would avoid the hotel at weekends, unless you are not at New York's 'cutting edge' - in that case, you might enjoy the experience.The Gansevoort is not doing anything wrong - it is just a victim of the area. Possibly they need to become more selective and not sell out too much.	
Jun 20 2007 	Loved it!!	I was a little nervous about the Gansevoort, given the recent reviewshere, but we absolutely loved it. At check-in we were unexpectedly upgraded to a Deluxe room with a king-sized bed and a sizeable seating area by the window, which had a great view of the Hudson River. (I think it helped that we were staying there on a Sunday night, so the hotel was not totally booked.)The rooftop is awesome - great views, good bar service, lots of comfortable seating (indoors and out), a nice sized pool, and when itstarts to get crowded, you can retreat to the hotel-guest-only area and hang out in one of the big couches there. My only quibble is thatI would make the hotel-guest-only area even larger. We thought the service was good - not especially friendly, but not snotty or unhelpful either. At one point, they had stopped brewing tea for iced teas at 5pm and the waitress made me one anyway. Plus, the meatpacking neighborhood and West Village are so fun for walking, shopping, sitting outside at cafes...we had a blast!!	
Jun 19 2007 	SO BAD the good reviews here must be planted.	Girlfriend booked the room, we didn't get what we booked and were treated VERY rudely at check-in, our stay just got worse. When I called to complain after our stay it took multiple voicemails to the manager to get a response/apology. When he finally apologized I then had to call back several more times to get some sort of evidence for the &quot;free upgrade&quot; he offered for our next stay--as if! The free-upgrade e-mail was obviously a form letter (no telling how much he's used it). We live in NYC and it said they hope we consider Gansevoort &quot;the next time we travel to NYC.&quot;	
Jun 5 2007 	Shockingly Disgusting Service	My husband and I chose this hotel to spend the first night of our honeymoon. We wrote to tell them we had got married that morning thinking we would be welcomed with a congratulations or an upgrade - sadly that was far from the case. Our room was not ready for us when we tried to check in at 3:30 (check in was at 3pm). They would not appologize or find us a different room, just made us wait. We demanded to see the manager and he came out and completely ignored us while scrutinizing the computer and helping other customers. We were absolutely shocked that anyone could be so rude to a couple on the day of their wedding. To top it off, a friend ordered a bottle of champagne to be delivered to our room which we NEVER got and which they were charged for. They didn't appologize for that either, or give a reason why it didn't arrive.	
May 29 2007 	Perfect Location Despicable Service.	Although $500 dollars to put your head down to sleep at night may seem like a drop in the bucket to many, to my sister, myself, and close girlfriend in search of a luxurious NYC stay over Memorial Day weekend, it was a hefty fortune to afford and one we put special thought into for several months. After arriving at the hotel at 1:45pm for a 3pm check in, we found that the room was not yet ready, (which was not a problem, we understand that early check ins are not always feasible). However we were greeted coldly and shortly and when we asked if it was possible to sit at the pool until the room was ready, we were coldly ignored and so we opted to shop for a bit around town until trying again to check in. We arrived back at 3pm to find that the room was still not ready, only this time we insisted that we be able to sit at the pool until the room was ready. We were told that we would be phoned on my cell phone as soon as the room was available. We had to ask an actual hotel guest how to get to the pool and if there was an area to change in upstairs into our suits as the front desk attendents still proceeded to be of no help. Once changing in the public locker room which consisted of two, dirty bathroom stalls, we were told that the pool was completely booked and that we would have to sit on the deck on the other side of the hotel. We then sat on the deck, nowhere near the pool and with no beverage or towel service. We repeatedly had to get up off of the deck to find a server for drinks and appetizers, when one finally came she proved to be even ruder and more uninformed than the front desk attendents, when we asked what kind of white wine by the glass the bar offered she exclaimed that she had no idea and did not offer to inquire for us. Our drinks took on average 25 minutes to arrive to us once we had ordered. After not being phoned yet to check in, at 4:30pm we finally went back down to the lobby to inquire if the room was ready and it was, however noone had bothered to phone my cell phone to inform me so that we could put our bags into our rooms. Overall I found the Hotel Gansevoort to be profundly disapointing and would never, ever recommend it to any other friends or family members. The location is ideal for a night out of clubbing and dining in the meatpacking district and the rooms are acceptable, however I have never in my life experienced such poor service. My advice would be to head uptown a bit to a W hotel, or downtown to the Soho Grand or Mercer for a much, much, much better stay.	
May 27 2007 	Terrible Stay at the Gansevoort Hotel	This has been the worst hotel stay of my life. I reserved a room on thier website for over $500 to find a closet size room with one full size bed. It was advertised as a queen or king size bed with a sofa in the room. I have spent over an hour arguing for a cot with the hotel managers that were rude, interrupting and non apologetic at all. I went to the pool which was extremely tiny and could not be seated.Don't waste your money, it's not worth it at all ,book a room at the four seasons or ritz if you are planning to spend that much money.	
May 21 2007 	excellent staff and atomsphere	we celebrated our wedding anniversary at Hotel Gansevort and it was one of the best, if not the best, stay we had. (And we always stay at trendy boutique hotels!) The staff were wonderful! G spa had great massage therapists! and a cool club! We loved Ono, creative japanese cuisine! Of course, the pool was the best! We'll definitely do it all over again!	
May 21 2007	Love the area Love the Hotel	This is my first review on Trip Advisor. Hotel Gansevoort is so under rated -- I've stayed at super great hotels in the US, Asia etc., and I find it really special to come to the hotel as a get away or to conduct business. It's efficient, safe, well designed, great breakfast, great location for people watching, food (and too expensive shopping). I love the beds, view and bathrooms. This time I ate at an Italian steakhouse. For cool and cheap, go to Florent. My only gripe is that I don't think there was a coffee maker in the room. Maybe there was and I did not notice it. Located near a good running/jogging area along the Hudson. Finally the service is truly great -- nice, easy going and not in your face. Very good space out front meaning no skyscrapers.	
May 15 2007	Great Stay at Hotel Gansevoort	I recently stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort in NYC. I must say that the experience was fantastic. The rooms, service and atmosphere were all first rate. The location accross from Pastis, Spice Market and other restaurants makes it a truly New York experience. I plan to stay at the Gansevoot from now on during my trips to New York.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fantastic spot	The hotel Gansevoort made our trip to NYC amazing. Not only the fun location but the impecable service really made our trip from Australia something special.The staff were so friendly and helpful. Each night they gave us personal favorites for restaraunts, and fun area's to visit. The room was fun just to sit and look out the window at the view of the Hudson river or just simply people watch down on the street. From our arrival we had hotel staff at our service, carrying bags, showing us the features of our room, and where the hotels facilities were all located. The roof top bar was great fun, the spa incredibly relaxing and the fitness centre state of the art.Oh and not to mention all the great shopping with in walking distance.Thank you Hotel Gansevoort.	
Apr 24 2007 	Very Disappointed	I was totally disappointed with my stay at the Gansevoort. The room was comfortable and the location great but the staff are SO rude - they act like they are doing you a massive favour by being there. My boyfriend and I arrived late off an international flight and were greeted at the desk by a surly scowl. The woman who checked us in never said hello or welcome and made us feel like we were putting her out. Our room was clean etc but every time i touched a light switch i got painful electric shocks. We had to ring multiple times to get soemone to check out the problem but it was never fixed. Concierge were really rude when we asked for nightclub and bar reccomendations. We had to wait for ages and I had never seen somebody in the services industry be so rude to a paying customer. The hotel is in a great location and some of the communal areas are cool - the lobby and restaurant - but i thought the bar on the roof was shabby and totally overrated. Because of the appalling service, i would not reccomend this hotel.	
Apr 8 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	Beautiful hotel, spotless room, great view, fun location. Room cost was 395 per night plus taxes, fair for NYC considering the quality of the room and cleanliness. Very comfortable bed, frette towels, flat screen tv, etc.... I would happily reccomend this hotel to any of my friends. The only complaint was the snootiness of the staff which was a little off putting, but since they have a celebrity clientele, perhaps they think that adds to the ambiance.	
Mar 21 2007 	Good times at the Gansevoort	I got a &quot;Manhattan Suite&quot; for the weekend of march 17th to celebrate my birthday with some friends. The room was nice- spacious and clean with plenty of amenities (flat screen plasmas, ipod dock, dvd, portable phone etc.) and the bathroom was great (steamroom/ shower and full tub, marble counters). We slept 4 girls comfortably as there was a sofa bed pull out couch in the sitting room. The staff was very nice- since it was my birthday we had a get together in the room and they did not give us a hard time at all about having guests, as I have experienced at other hotels. The room service was excellent- offering a rather extensive variety and always arrived promptly. The maid service was great as well, everything was always clean and anything we needed was available. Overall great accommodations!Ono, the restaurant downstairs had very good food. Our waiter was nice and attentive,. Decor is dark but chic, drinks/ martinis were tasty and they featured an extensive sake list. The upstairs pool bar was OK- since there is an outdoor pool in understandably stunk of chlorine. The guy who worked the door there, joseph, was a typical stuck up holier-than-thou type but fortunately he seemed to be the only unpleasant staff I encountered. The drinks were overpriced but it is NYC... I can imagine that in the summer it would be a really fun place to hangout with the outdoor air, beautiful views, adequate space and pool. I will definitely return to this hotel!	
Mar 19 2007 	Do Not Stay Here - They Will Rip You Off - READ!	I checked in and signed the guest card. Slow service at front desk, watied in line over 15 mins, no bellstaff. Room was a closet size and no separate shower/no view as advertised on the room type/website I reserved for $375 per night. Went back down immediately and they said no other room was available. I told them I was not staying there and called the W where I booked a room. Went back to the front desk and they said I would be charged 1 night + $100 cancel fee and billed my AMEX for $545.54 for staying in a their terrible room for 5 minutes and could have cared less about my satisfaction. They did not deliver the room as advertised and still want to be paid! I disputed with AMEX and Hotel Gansevoort will not cooperate and are not doing anything. I wlil never step foot in this place again. GUEST BEWARE - ask to see the room you are being assigned to BEFORE you sign the guest register. If you do not like the room and even if you leave immediately, the hotel WILL charge you and not care about your satisfaction. I have never been treated so poorly before. How can a hotel charge if a guest arrives and does not get what they reserve? Unbelieveable. Gansevoort provided AMEX with a copy of my registration card that I signed, but I didn't sign the invoice when I checked out because I did not intend to pay for a room I did not stay in. This place is nothing but a trap and if you don't like their supposed &quot;trendy&quot; place and walk in the door, they charge you anyway. Buyer beware. There are too many other nice hotels in NYC that care about guests and service than to put up with this here today/gone tomorrow hotel.	
Feb 23 2007 	Three Cheers for Hotel Gansevoort!	It was girls weekend away and we were able to hit all the places we wanted (Time Square, Bloomies, delicious restaurants, nail salons) from the Gansevoort by the subway! It's location is great. We even spent one night at local restaurants and bars (including the hotel's roof top bar with an amazing view and atmosphere). Their beds are SO comfortable, rooms are spacious and the service is amazing! I loved having my bed turned down when I came home after a night on the town! When I return to NYC I will be staying with Hotel Gansevoort most definitely!	
Feb 23 2007 	Fun Times!	I recently stayed at Hotel Gansevoort for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff in the concierge was friendly and helpful and the rooms were very comfortable yet posh. The location is great, since there are some good restaurants/bars in the immediate area but it is also easy to jump on the subway or take a cab to other areas in the city. The rooftop bar has some wonderful views and is definitely a must-see if you stay at the hotel.	
Feb 19 2007	Really enjoyed my short stay at the Gansevoort	I stayed with my two kids and wife on this cold holiday weekend. We live in Manhattan and are big travelers -- from simple to luxury. The room was clean with views of the Hudson River, the meatpacking district and a cobblestone street in front. Another window showed a vodka sign that was actually cool. The ipod holder/player appealed to my 12 year old and the wall mounted TVs also got them comfortable. Musicians, hipsters, Euros, Hollywood types add to the sense of being transported to another part of the world. For us it was a $16 cab ride! We ate at the nearby Buddha Bar -- great food and atmosphere and bought wine and desert in the Chelsea market. All this is within a block or so. Service was attentive, friendly, and professional. I sense the spa is not quite clicking but it could be the timing of the visit. It is well designed. Bring a bottle of water. I was too tempted by the cool offerings at $8/bottle. Again, a great, well designed hotel, within a great neighborhood.	
Feb 13 2007 	Fantastic Views	Stayed here with two teenage daughters in very hot July - roof top pool is perfect for a summer stay in hot New York. The neighbourhood is quiet, lovely views from the hotel which is unusual in New York. Great not to be overlooked. Food was super for breakfast - we didn't eat in the restaurant which is Japanese and overpriced, but local diners very good. Very handy for Greenwich Village, and taxi's pull up outside the front door all day, you are never stuck. Only drawback was the huge queue for the bar every night which wound around the block! A bit off putting when you are staying in the hotel. The front of house staff were also very unfriendly - hostile almost, although the pool attendants were friendly as were the housekeeping staff. Very frosty waiters in the dining room however! Would certainly stay here again though.	
Jan 23 2007	It's not what it thinks it is!	The Gansevoort purports to be a trendy, chic hotel but is just an overrated hotel with little charm.The basics: it's in an OK area, quite a few nearby restaurants and the subway is only 5 mins away. The lobby is a fairly barren affair with a number of chairs and cushions, the staff were generally helpful and looked up everything I asked them to.The room was relatively small compared to some other &quot;equivalent&quot; hotels I've stayed in and the bed, whilst very comfortable, was also smaller than expected. Room had standard facilities, TV, CD player (but only 2 hotel CDs), a mini-bar and chair. The bathroom was quite nice though in style. Everything was clean though.The much acclaimed (covered) rooftop bar smelt of chlorine from the attached swimming pool though there is a good view. The pool itself was OK but the gym in the basement seemed quite small. Was always packed early in the mornings - no machines available to use. Only 2 treadmills, a few step machines and some weights.The complimentary breakfast was OK. Cereals and lots of fresh fruit but no breads or hot food - that was extra.I'm glad my partner's company paid for this hotel - I saw how much they charged and it certainly was not worth it! There has to be better value for money out there!	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Gansevoort	Great stay at the Gansevoort. Good location but not typical tourist location,quiet thru the day busy at night. Bar and Pool 'club' busy every night even in January, make sure you have the door key to hand to get in to the hotel on your return! As the doors are sealed at night to control the waiting lines. A little off putting at first, felt like a gate crasher! Good hotel if you get a great rate, which we did, not sure it would stack up if you paid rack or near rack for the stay, always remember the $40+++ taxes that get added to your daily rates! Staff OK not very service orientated, very little eye contact or spoke,(usual NYC?) door man very rarely seen, concierge, every time we called to talk there was no response, neither from the bell stand either. Housekeeping fantastically efficient. Rooms spacious and clean, modern and the beds are fantastic, so comfortable especially the pillows.Usual room amenities you would expect from this star rated property, great shower if your 5 foot or less, not able to adjust height as fixed to wall. Would return again if the rate was the same.	
Jan 18 2007	Really not that great...	My hubby and I decided to treat ourselves and stay in the hippest hotel in NYC for Xmas day. Checked in on 25th Dec and the welcome could not have been any colder. The reception staff was too cool for school. Our room was fine but not out of this world. Overall experience was very cold. The hotel also smells of pool when you walk in at the bottom, this is due to the fact that in winter everything is covered in plastic. Maybe this place will have a better feel to it in summer but I would not recommend it for a hotel during the Xmas period. NO AMBIENCE.I honestly wish that I stayed at the Benjamin or somewhere with more class and personality.	
Jan 9 2007 	I liked it!	We stayed 2 nights 27th-29th dec and discovered on their web site just before leaving that rates had gone down so we modified our booking for the cheaper rate and better room! We got a deluxe king for under $400. The room as previous poster said was not very big but bathroom very nice. I wish we had been on a higher floor for the view. The staff were lovely. We got complimentary breakfast which we weren't expecting and it was delicious and served in the elegant japanese restaurant. We ate in the area at Pastis, Buddakhan and Spice market. Soo convenient! We had booked SoHo Grand for the rest of our stay which we also enjoyed and found to be similar though bathroom at Gansevoort much nicer.	
Jan 3 2007 	Not Very Impressive	Quite Simply -- this hotel is highly overrated. The service, as noted by others, is lacking. I was looking at the Hudson and this Hotel for a three day stay in New York over New Years. I chose the Gansevoort for its location in the Meatpacking district and reputation as a fun area to stay. The district is entirely commercial during the day, and only at night does the area come alive. Most of the people coming into the area are coming for the local clubs. But if you plan on seeing the rest of the city, the location puts you a further cab ride away. I reserved the grand deluxe room. The room was small, but clean and had a modern design. The bathrooms were nice for NY standards. The view was of the meat packing district and the river. However, the heater in the room would not turn off (call one to the front desk). Then the mini bar key was locked with no key (call two). Then the remote control did not work (call three). Not exactly what I expected for nearly $700 a night. The lobby is small and the rooftop bar is equally small, especially when tented during the winter. The NY party was packed with very little seating and completely indoors (also ran $175 per person just for drinks and a few appetizers). For my last day I decided to try the W Tuscany on Park Avenue. It had a small lobby...but the rooms were just as nice as the Gansevoort and MUCH bigger for $319 a night. Although a more business location...the hotel was much closer to most of NYC's attractions. I also visited the Hudson to see what I missed out on. The Hudson still has the Gansevoort beat on style. The Library Bar and main Bar are beautiful, as is the garden bar. Just a much more hip hotel.	
Dec 14 2006 	awesome hotel with great service	I've stayed at hotels around the world, and this is one of the best. I took the red-eye from Los Angeles, and arrived at 6AM. The hotel was beyond accomodating, and made sure that the first room available would be ready for me. I stayed in the Grand Deluxe room, with a fabulous view overlooking the Hudson. From the moment you enter the hotel, you are completely taken care of. The room was spacious, chic, with lots of light. Room service was a little pricey, but worth it after a long flight. Even if you're going for a short period of time, you MUST go to G-Spa, and treat yourself to the Fitness Facial, which was designed by Sonya Dakar, and uses silica-rich Fiji Water to hydrate. G-Spa is great if you're sober...but it's amazing after a night at Bungalow -- it's dim lights in the spa are perfect for a hangover. Regardless....it's a fab hotel. World-class.	
Dec 11 2006 	Luxurious overrated and somewhat pretentious	I got caught up in the swanky music and images of luxury when I booked an overnight stay at Hotel Gansevoort. Had I not been so impulsive, I would've saved myself a lot of money. The building itself is gorgeous with modern features. It's easy to locate and is within a few blocks from the unique shops and restaurants of the village. The shops around the actual hotel are a bit too high end for my taste and budget. I booked a 'deluxe superior' room and was placed on the 4th floor.  The comfort and syle of our room made up for the view of the construction crane. The room was spacious and perfect for two people--ample closet space, plasma t.v., desk area with cd player, and sitting area built into window with cushy pillows and power blinds. The king-size bed was the best thing I've ever slept in; perfect mattress, duvay blanket, goose down pillows. The bathroom was large with plenty of countertop space around the sink. Besides the deep tub, the room was impeccably clean and well maintained. The staff is pleasant, friendly and accomodating. The views from the rooftop lounge areas are fantastic and better than the actual scene at night (Euro-trendyish). I'm satisfied with the Gansevoort but will keep it real next time with my booking.	
Dec 10 2006 	Hotel Gansevoort was worth it	Normally when we stay in Manhattan, we tend to gravitate to the Soho Grand or 60 Thompson.Both were booked so we went with the Gansevoort.Are we ever glad we did!Our room, 1118, was wonderful. It was huge for a NYC hotel room. Two double beds with pristinely white Frette sheets and comfortable pillows. A CD player with a couple of specially made CDs. a small flat screen TV. Nice robes. Great bath amenities. A hair dryer that worked! Fabulous shower with loads of room. Great water pressure. Lovely chocolates upon turn-down. A little (tiny) balcony so you could stand outside and get some fresh air. It was definitely the most pleasant room I've stayed in at this price point in NYC. A continental breakfast was included and there were tiny little pastries and heaping bowls of blackberries and strawberries. Also, muesli and yogurt.The bar downstairs was quite pleasant. The vaunted upstairs bar was kinda fun -- at least being outside was nice. The drinks were overpriced and the wine list uninspired -- but you're not going there for a well-made cocktail.The Meatpacking district is not my favourite area but you're just a hop, skip and a jump from the West Village, Greenwich and Soho (if you like to walk -- we do).My only quibble is that the staff is quite cool -- they don't really ever connect. Would I go back? In a flash. It was a WAY nicer room than what the Soho Grand or 60 Thompson have to offer at the same price.	
Dec 9 2006 	wonderful room	Wanted to stay in the meatpacking district since we were there for a close friend's art show in SOHO. We checked into the room a little early with no problems. The room had a wonderful street view which helps you tap into the neighborhood's vitality. The room and bathroom was well designed, though New York sized (smallish). Two friends actually used the pull out sofa for a nap after walking around the city with us. The bar had phenominal views with city people in the week and people from the tri-state area on the weekends. The room key allowed us to jump in front of the two hour wait to get into the bar on a weekend night. If you want to be neighborhood centric, this is a good choice. I think we will stay on the Lower East Side next time. The SOHO Grand and the Mercer seem to be the competing hotels.	
Dec 5 2006 	The Perfect Place to Stay	I have to admit I expected at least some &quot;attitude&quot; from the staffers since the hotel is in the trendy Meatpacking District. I have never been more wrong. The staff members that we encountered were all extremely pleasant, helpful, and most importantly not rude or snobby to &quot;us regular folk&quot;. Extra kudos to John the Doorman-he was the first staff member we dealt with and he was an excellent example of all that followed. The room (we stayed in the superior room category) was spacious by NYC standards, the bathroom was very clean (not a bit of mold in sight as found too often in bathrooms elsewhere), the turn down service actually happens (most places claim to have it but it never happens &amp; they bring clean towels at turn down so you don't have to wait until housekeeping shows up the next day). Not only is the hotel great but the location is fantastic-you are in the middle of The Meatpacking District and in walking distance to the W. Village &amp; Chelsea. The Gansevoort has pushed the Bryant Park out as my #1 place to stay in the city	
Nov 30 2006	I loved it.	I found the Hotel Gansevoort was on the cutting edge of what a upscale, contemporary, four star hotel should be.The staff, from management on down, were extremely professional, courteous and helpful at all times. Room service was always prompt. The rooms are very quiet, comfortable and not cramped (like most new hotels). The Concierge was very helpful in getting dinner reservations for me at a couple of the more popular restaurants in the city. In sum, I have found staying at The Hotel Gansevoort to be an outstanding and all-around enjoyable experience.	
Nov 20 2006 	G SPOT!	Wow!! What an incredible experience..Arrived Thursday the hotel was already jumpin'. After a very efficient check in we took a quick swim in the rooftop pool and enjoyed a steam in the spa before we headed to Ono, the restaurant situated within the hotel. Beautifully designed with great service we enjoyed a few sake cocktails at O Bar before demolishing some amazing sushi. After, we headed up to the roof bar, great views, great crowd and retro music that wasn't an endless string of rap songs played at a level to render the art of conversation useless.On Friday we explored the area, NYC's ever so trendy meat packing district ,great shopping as well as some fine restaurants and clubs. After taking a nap on one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on, we walked across the street to Pastis (great food and atmosphere). The spa converts at night to a great lounge bar called G spot the crowd was hip and sexy and just the place for young unattached out of towners to meet young unattahded New Yorkers! ! Yet suprisingly despite this being on of NYC's hippest bars the doormen were incredibly gracious (which in my opinion is unheard of). To cap off the enitire experience the hotel staff were warm and accomodating and completely devoid of the young model that work at these hotels are completely hopless and generally as shallow as a bird bath!Go party, have fun and enjoy this chic, sophisticated and very friendly hotel!! LOVED IT!!!!!!!	
Nov 18 2006 	Hip is as Hip does	This place is just OOZING trendy. Brand new, nice, clean and trendy rooms and a great location are the ingredients you need for a fun NYC stay. I love the Korres bathroom products. Bed was comfortable and room was quiet from street noise. Beware though, when they offer the rroms with the outdoor decks.The outdoor sitting areas are directly next to the hotel's AC/vent compressors. Not as relaxing as it sounded while checking in. The room was small but I noticed that ours was one of the smaller ones when I check the little chart on the back of the door. I kind of expect that in NYC but they do have larger rooms to offer. Located 2 blocks from the subway, in the hot Meatpacking district. It is surrounded by trendy shops and restaurants. Great spot for celebrity watching either in the hotel's bars (you can get the concierge to reserve you entrance instead of waiting on line)or peak at the secret entrance across the street to the ultra exclusive .and illusive Soho House club.We found out later that while we were sleeping away in our room, major celeb's were cavorting in the floors below.Staff was extremely friendly, helpful and attentive. Breakfast was a nice plus. Rooftop pool would be great in the summer.We will make this our new NYC home!	
Nov 16 2006 	the most gracious and accomodating staff	This was my first visit to the Hotel Gansevoort and I found that it was more than I expected. I arrived at the front desk and was greeted promptly by the desk agent who was most accomodating to my special requests. When I opened the door to my suite I found it to be well appointed. I really loved the vibe of the room and thought the overall atmosphere of the room was great. The bathroom, which is one of my pet peeves, was spotless. I've stayed at many hotels and this was one of the cleanest ones I think I have encountered. The hotel overall was everything I expected and so much more! Kudos to the Hotel Gansevoort and the staff. I will recommend this place to everyone.	
Nov 15 2006 	Best place to stay in the city!!	Our executives of our company ONLY stay at the Gansevoort! Whether you're in the city for business or pleasure the Gansevoort is the place to stay. Our company chose the Gansevoort to have our annual client party in the G Spa &amp; Lounge downstairs and it was a hit ~ as one guest said it was &quot;suana hot&quot;! During the day I got a message in the spa which was so relaxing and hours later the same spa I was getting a massage in was transformed into an intimate lounge with hot beats and candles. At the end of the long day my room was a haven which had music playing when I arrived and not to mention one of the most comfortable beds ever!! I can't wait to go back! I highly recommend this hotel and you can't leave without checking out the spa/lounge downstairs!	
Nov 15 2006 	THE place to stay!	We stayed at the Gansvoort hotel, New York in September 2006. The hotel is in the Meatpacking area, close to Greenwich Village. Earlier in the week we had stayed in W Time Square in order to be at the heart of things, but wanted somewhere completely different for the second half of our stay. We arrived by taxi on a rainy afternoon and the whole area looked drab and uninteresting. Inside the hotel we were made welcome and shown to our rooms which were wonderful. The beds soooooooo soft and decor very modern and everywhere was spick and span. Lots of nice little touches that make you want to smile. Still raining, we decided to have a sandwich and a couple of glasses of wine. This we took on the rooftop terrace, where, had the weather been different, we could have enjoyed a swim in the outdoor pool! The food was scrummy, the downside came when we got the bill. We had paid $150 for 4 BLT sandwiches and two rounds of drinks! So what, we were in the trendiest place in New York, although in daylight, we didn't think so. I should have researched the area more fully.That night, the rain stopped and we decided to venture to Greenwich for some food. Had a great night but when we got back to the Hotel the whole area had been transformed into what I can only describe as being the hottest place on earth! Wonderful bars, restaurants and fabulously gorgeous people!. We thought that we had arrived on a film set. To our delight the Gansvoort has one of the hippest bars in town and there was a huge queue waiting to grab a place inside. Of course, being residents, we were welcomed with open arms by the doorman. Once inside we took the lift to the same bar as earlier, the door opened to a wall of music and a great atmosphere. The rest is history,One on the best Hotels I have stayed in in New York (including the Waldorf Towers ambassadors suite ), great location for sights, shopping, food and best of all, people watching. Well worth the hefty price tag!	
Nov 13 2006 	A Big Disappointment!	After its new found status as the world's trendiest hotel, we decided to give the Gansevoort a try. As monthly visitors to NYC, we have stayed in many hotels including The Peninsula, the W Hotels, The Westin, The Pierre and the Mandarin to name a few. My first experience of the hotel was not a pleasant one as due to a 5 hour flight delay, I spent 9 phone calls and hours trying to contact the Concierge to arrange a Limo to collect us from JFK. All I ever got was an answering service and after having to leave a message, I received no confirmation that a limo was sent and we were forced to arrange our own transport. In fact, whilst the concierge was most pleasant when he was at his desk, he was not to be seen on many occasions. The hotel itself is lovely but does not compare to the Sanderson in London which it beat into 2nd spot. In fact, I would have to say that the Westin on Times Square or the W on Times Square gives it a good run for its money. The Gansevoort’s rooms are extremely small (we booked a deluxe room) but pleasant. The beds are also very small by hotel standards and are not the normal Californian king beds you find in most luxury hotels. Again, the rooms at the Westin compare favorably with similar décor, are also bigger and you get the Westin “heavenly bed” which cannot be beaten. The Gansevoort's bathrooms do however offer more space.The hotel itself is in a great location if you want to make use of all the clubs and bars in the area and we certainly did care of some guest passes from the Concierge. The rooftop bar is also a great way to end off the night. The long queue of people getting in and out of the rooftop bar does detract from the exclusivity of the hotel unfortunately. The major problem with the hotel is that the rooms are not very well sound proofed and sleeping is almost impossible after a late night out with the noise and hooting going on below. At least the room provides a CD player to drown out the noise and we made full use of it even after getting back to the room at 4am and looking forward to some peace and quiet.The Gansevoort is no match for the elegance, professionalism and class of The Peninsula and I will return to the Peninsula for my next trip. I would also say that the Westin is far better value for money and worth a consideration if the 5 star hotels like The Peninsula, Mandarin or Pierre are not in your budget.All in all, the Gansevoort was a big disappointment for a hotel we had heard so much about.	
Nov 10 2006 	Very Noisy!!!	The hotel is beautiful. The rooms were lovely with very nice bathrooms. The bed was so comfortable infact it was the only hotel bed ever that I have wanted to take home. The breakfast was great - fresh fruit &amp; berries, bagels etc. The only complaint was the noise - from about 12.00 - 4.00 am the noise from outside the hotel was horrendous. The hotel has a nightclub and bar which the whole of New York seem to descend upon between these hours. The shouting and general noise when these people leave is unbelievable. The street is full of taxi drivers all sounding their horns (probably to negotiate the hoards of people in the street). That the hotel does nothing to make these people be quiet upon their departure is even more unbelievable especially given the cost to their guests to stay there. We had about three hours sleep on the Friday and Saturday night, the Sunday was lovely - a whole nights sleep (as you can guess not many people attending the night club on Sundays!!).	
Oct 24 2006 	Very chic excellent location	My wife and I stayed at the Gansevoort the weekend of the 12th of October and had a great experience. The staff was very courteous and prompt - concierge had items to our door in seconds of our calls. The hotel was very clean and well kept. The rooms were relatively spacious for NYC. The location though is absolutely perfect! There are always cabs available, and it is very close to the subway as well for those last minute rush hour shopping trips to 5th Ave or to Soho. The Diane von Furstenberg boutique is just down the street (my wife's new favorite designer) and there are plenty of hip eateries in the area. The rooftop bar and lounges are some of the hottest spots in town as well.	
Oct 22 2006	I will never go again	I stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort a few months ago, and although the rooms were nice, the service was horrible (besides the concierge that was down to earth). When the front desk answered they were unprofessional and were doing two things at once at all times. However, I decided to give it another chance for a trip planned in January but was extremely turned off by the reservationist who when I asked about the rate change from last week, explained to me that &quot;this is how hotels work&quot; she then proceded to explain how the lower priced room I was booking ($495/night) was the lowest price and began to quote how much more expensive the other rooms are and they are dwindling by the day. Her overall attitude was snobby and condescending. What is it with trendy hotels?? Are they told to be snobby because they think that makes people think the hotel is in demand? I hung up after making the reservation and it got me so heated that out of principle I called back and canceled and will now be staying at 60 Thompson where they couldn't have been nicer. When I told 60 Thompson the story, they said, &quot;no one here is like that&quot;.	
Oct 21 2006 	Nice turn down service at the Gansevoort ...	My husband and I stayed at the Gansevoort for 3 nights in October. I had heard from several people that this hotel was a very trendy and cool hotel. Upon entering you can tell by the staff and furniture that it was in fact true.CHECK IN &amp; CHECK OUT: Went smoothly, no problems.ROOM: The room was a decent size. Flat screen TV was way to small, they need to upgrade and get bigger TV's and mount them on the wall. We stayed on the 7th floor and it was a corner room, a little difficult to find and the hallways were rather dark. The view from the room was nothing spectacular (see pics) I actually liked the bathroom much better than the room. The bathroom was almost as big as our room ...LOCATION: Fairly close to all subway lines. Lots of restaurants nearby to choose from. Went to dinner at the Spice Market across the street and really enjoyed it. Also there were always taxis outside the hotel which was convienent. Felt very safe in the area.BREAKFAST: I am not much of a breakfast person but since there was a free continental breakfast included with our stay, I decided to give it a try. It was nice presentation but not much to really choose from. I only went once out of my three day stay there.ROOF BAR: Everyone raves about the roof bar so we decided to go ... it was a nice view ... and I took several pictures (see attached) The drink waitress had a typical &quot;snooty&quot; attitude you expect at a trendy bar. We also ordered a dumpling appetizer here and it was not much better than something I could have bought in the freezer section at the grocery store and microwaved. Save your money for the $15 martinis at least those are drinkable.Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Gansevoort. Although things were not perfect, the good definitely outweighed the bad, and we give it 4 stars.	
Oct 18 2006 	The best experience in New York--Fashionable Guests and Beautiful Design	This hotel was such a delight. I spent a weekend in a room that was really spacious by NY standards, and it was beautifully designed. The service at the hotel was without a doubt very attentive and excellent. The pool on the top floor makes it a particularly magical experience, as the view is beautiful. The bar is really fun and the people who come to Gansevoort or who stay there are fashionable and interesting. The restaurant ONO has some of the best Japanese food in town. The location couldn't be better, right in the midst of the MeatPacking District, near all the fun restaurants (Pastic, Buddhakan, etc..). I also liked the fact that at night you can sleep you dont hear all the taxis and sirens!! like in other hotels i have stayed in NY.In my view, this is a must experience for anyone visiting New York who has a sense of style.	
Oct 17 2006	Loved the pool side bar	The pool is lovely especially in summer. Great to hang out there.	
Oct 16 2006	In heaven at the Hotel Gansevoort	We spent 4 days there last week and our stay was fantastic. We fell in love with the property and it's location. There are many good restaurants that are within walking distance. This hotel was definitely worth going back to. We give it a 5 star rating.	
Oct 3 2006	Hip Hotel with surprisingly Professional Service	This is a &quot;design&quot; hotel and as the other reviewers have remarked it has an enormously popular bar on the roof. The staff is uniformed in trendy attire. You may find yourself riding in the elevator with some outrageously attired clubbers. Most of the guests are young and, besides the noise of the Meat Packing District, remarked upon by other reviewers, you may get some late night hallway noise as people return from the clubs. All that being said, it is a very comfortable hotel with a fantastic breakfast. The ripe berries are provided in a seemingly endless supply; the toasted bagels (need to be ordered but are included) arrive hot. Calls to housekeeping for extra hangers or another show cap were answered promptly and cheerfully. The front desk was helpful and the check-out the quick, easy and accurate -- a place where many hotels fall down. The only fault I could find was that the bed was once made with a duvet cover as the bottom sheet vice a real sheet; this was particularly annoying since the duvet cover was too short to reach the bottom of the bed and still be tucked under the mattress at the top. Celebrity sighting is good here (Richard Branson was there while we were -- seemed very nice, low key person during our elevator ride together.)	
Oct 1 2006 	Fun NY experience	We spent five nights here and overall had a good stay. The room and bathroom were of a very high standard and the bed was extremely comfortable. We paid a bit extra for a larger room on a higher floor and would recommend that others do so. The MPD is quite a noisy area at night (and early in the morning!) so you will probably appreciate a bit of distance between yourself and the road if you want a sleep!The location was great and we really felt like we were having a real NY experience in the heart of the MPD. We loved the roof-top bar and it was a real treat to be able to skip the huge line out the front and duck straight up there after a night out. Due to a burst water main there was no water in the hotel for the first 14 hours of our stay (absolutely none!). While we acknowledge that these things do happen we felt that it wasn't handled well and the hotel did nothing to make up for this inconvenience. There were no apologies made when we rang for updates, we had to request that bottles of water be sent up (and we had to wait for over an hour to receive them) and no deduction was made to our bill for the fact that breakfast was not served despite this being included in our room rate. Given the prices we were paying we did expect more.	
Sep 29 2006 	Not worth it	I stayed in the Gansevoort for three days on business. The front desk seemed totally unconcerned that they had messed up the booking (they had me down for two nights not three) - their only answer was to waitlist me for a room. This was later sorted out. A fax I asked them to send was sent, with two pages missing. The room I had was pretty basic but the most expensive I have ever stayed in. On the other side of the coin, the location is good if you want to be in a relatively quiet, yet interesting, part of town. Overall apart from these problems I found the staff okay but you expect a lot for this money and the service is not as super premium as the price.	
Sep 26 2006	Loved the Gansevoort	I recently stayed at The Gansevoort on a business trip. I found the location, service and facilities to be excellent. I had read that the rooms were small but I did not find this at all. They were spacish and modern and the beds were among the most comfortable I have slept in! The rooftop bar was a great place to wind down after a day of work and we were never disturbed by noice from the bar. Joel, the General Manager is so personable and nothing was too much trouble for him. The breakfast is another highlight....fresh berries and granola were delicious!!I would defintiely recommend the Gansevoort and look forward to staying there again next year.	
Sep 26 2006	What a pleasure at the Hotel Gansevoort	Just like to drop a note to express my absolute pleasure I had at the Hotel Hanswevort this past week. The staff was courteous, professional and most importantly friendly. Mr. Michale Yee at the concierge went way beyond his call of duty and i could not be happier with my stay and look forward to my return to your wonderful hotel.Best Regards,Paolo M. Liuzzopaololiuzzo@yahoo.com[-]	
Sep 5 2006 	Great for Young Hip Couples	Great place if you have money, are young and have a sense for adventure. The service is perfect. There is lots of attitude in the air, but I guess that is part of the show.The room decoration is very modern. When we first got into the room, there was a bottle of Patron silver waiting for us, the music was playing and there was ice in a bucket. That is my idea of a great setup.The hotel also made us reservations at hot night clubs and gave us VIP passes.Again, great place if you are young and hip.	
Sep 2 2006 	cheap trying to look expensive	The rooftop pool was the smallest pool i've ever seen, it's a complete joke. There's nothing glamorous about this place, the rooms are small, the lighting in them makes you look like a sick person, the room wasn't ready at 3pm on the day we arrived, and front desk people didn't seem to think this was a problem. I don't know who the hotel caters to, I just can't imagine anyone fabulous in the tiny badly lit rooms or by the kiddy pool upstairs...	
Aug 29 2006 	Not a place for busines travellers	This is not a hotel for a business traveller or anyone planning on holding a meeting. If you are over 40 and not a celebrity lookalike, forget getting anything that resembles service.My colleagues and I were holding a meeting at the Hotel Gansevoort (at the client's request). We utilized their meeting room that is in the basement. It reminds one of a bomb shelter rather than a &quot;uber chic&quot; hotel. The air conditioning wasn't working. Although they did get it working by the end of the day of our meeting.Every time I went to the front desk to ask fo something I felt like I was inconveniencing the staff - and that's when I managed to get anyone's attention.It took over an hour and 4 calls to the concierge and the bell captain to get a bellman to assist with my bags.I guess I'm not fabulous enough to be welcome at the Hotel Gansevoort.	
Aug 2 2006	Loved The Gansevoort Hotel	My wife and family (ages 12, 9 and 3) just returned from 7 nights at The Hotel Gansevoort. We had an incredible time - the 2 bedroom suite on the 12 th floor was perfect. The kids had a great place to hang out and my wife and I had a chance to have some &quot;quality time&quot; of our own. The staff were very impressive and assisted us in every way possible. The renowned roof-top pool area was great place to wind down, after long day of pounding the streets with 3 reluctant children. Overall, it the perfect place to stay for both parents and children alike.	
Jul 24 2006 	Impressed with the Gansevoort	The Gansevoort: as comfortable as it is cool. There’s that old adage for restaurants that “the better the view the worse the food”. Similarly, the more hip a hotel tries to be, the more it tends to fail at the services and amenities associated with luxury properties. Not so with the Gansevoort. From doormen rushing to offer an umbrella to hyper-connected concierges, to the requisite ridiculously high thread-count sheets, this hotel actually delivers the hip with out forgetting the service. I’m in New York three or four times a year and have stayed at the hip spots (the W’s, Mercer, Rivington, Hudson) and the traditional luxury properties (Ritz, Four Season, W.A., Mandarin Oriental), but I’ve found my new favorite hotel, the Gansevoort.	
Jul 10 2006	Uber chic - awesome location!	A true reflection of the city that never sleeps! The Gansevoort is super trendy, ultra modern and a real hot spot to stay and be seen. Directly opposite one of the city's favored restaurants, Pastis, as well as several decadent nightclubs (including the one on the mezzanine level of the hotel - Plunge - views views views!) the hotel boasts a wonderful location. Taxi's congregate outside the hotel almost 24/7 so it's never a problem to find one, which is usually the case in alot of nyc places. The rooms are beautifully decorated, a tad cramped - but thats a given in nyc. The hotel restaurant - Ono - has a sexy bar for the evenings come comfy coffee spot by day, as well as a dark wood japanese style restaurant that also serves good buffet breakfasts with lots of fresh fruit and yoghurt, pastries and great coffee! Id recommend this hotel to those looking to splurge ($$$!), it is a pretty over the top place to stay - but, when in nyc....	
Jul 7 2006 	Good Hotel Nice Location	I stayed at this hotel for five nights and I was pleased with my stay. It is not a cheap hotel and sometimes you feel like you pay for the location and atmosphere rather than the hotel itself. Breakfast is included in the room rate and is very simple (fresh berries, cereals, tea&amp;coffee and some sweet pastry). Rooms are comfortable, clean and well maintained. Most of the hot spots of NY are at walking distance and you are in the middle of everything.Though I find this hotel pricey, I would recommend it to those who love living New York...	
Jun 21 2006	One of New York's finest . . .	The Gansevoort is that rare hotel that manages to be a cool, stylish 'boutique' hotel that offers five star service and puts its guests first. As I get older, there's nothing that annoys me more than paying good money for a hotel room and encountering terrible or just non-existent service. But from the moment we checked in at The Gansevoort we were looked after by staff who were polite, efficient and very friendly. The rooms were immaculate, larger than many downtown hotels and showed no signs of the wear and tear that sometimes happens in modern hotels. If nothing else it's worth staying here to experience possibly the most comfortable beds in the world with the softest linens. I slept so well and even though I was on the 8th floor, I never heard any noise from the rootop bar or indeed from the street below. Don't miss the roof especially if you're there in the summer as the pool is great and reserved exclusively for guests staying in the hotel. Amazing to be able to have drinks on a Sunday evening by a pool in the middle of Manhattan watching the sunset. As the other reviews say, the location is fantastic with wonderful shopping, restaurants and clubs on your doorstep - it's great to be able to walk home without having to find a cab. I normally stay in more traditional five star hotels but The Gansevoort is up there with the best of them. I will definitely be staying here when I return to NY and it's the perfect hotel for anyone looking for a fun, chic, informal place to stay but which offers the level of service and attention to detail sadly lacking in many 'hip hotels'.	
Jun 19 2006	we loved this hotel!	WE just stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and loved it. We are a small family - two adults and one child aged 5. When we arrived our room was not ready, but the front desk manager offered to call us on our cellphone as soon as the room was ready. We went to see the Puertorican day parade and returned a few hours later. We had a grand deluxe room with two double beds, which was perfect for us. Our room was located on the 8th floor, overlooking 13th street. When we stepped out on our small balcony we could see the Hudson river.Okay, it is quite noisy if you keep the windows open at night, but when closed we slept perfectly for all seven nights - the beds where very comfortable.We also thought that the breakfast (included in our rate) was a joke - at first! But after trying the granola with all the different fresh berries, and the very delicious muffins and croissants we gave in. We had thought about going out for breakfast some of the days but we were actually looking forward to granola with plenty of fresh raspberries and blueberries and lots of other kinds of fresh fruit every morning.As foreigners (from Denmark) we can't really comment on the crowd. To us, they all seemend very well dressed! But our friend, who is a photographer in New York, says that she thinks it is &quot;too much Time Square&quot;. We didn't mind - since we were with a small child we didn't feel like going to the rooftop or the basement bar after all, but enjoyed the people watching from our balcony...The hotel is not a hotel that you would normally bring a kid to, but we loved the area with all the good restaurants, the pool in the afternoon, the dog spa across the street and the nearby Bleecker Street playground. All the things that our daughter had looked forward to (Natural History Museum, American Girl Place, ToysRus) and the sights that we insisted on showing her (like MoMa) where all easily reached by the nearby subway. Also, the staff were all great and when our daughter had an accident (she fell and hit her head) Tim at the front desk did everything he could to make sure that we went to the best ER and that she was doing fine.We have some very minor complaints: We had chosed the hotel basically because of the location and the rooftop pool. Our daughter loves to swim and looked forward to it every day. But two of the days of our stay we came back in the afternoon only to find out that the pool area was closed off due to some private event... this is not okay. Also, we asked for a dvd which never came, and had to ask twice for a playstaion (both free of charge, so really we can't complain about not getting the service, but we were told at all times that they would install both dvd and playstation imidiately).We liked the decor of the restaurant, but weren't too impressed with the lobby and room. We have stayed at some very nice &quot;design hotels&quot; all over the world , but we prefer the European hotels over the American. It seems as if the American lacks something... too cold. But again, those are minor complaints. We were so happy that we didn't stay at a midtown hotel - we loved the area, the overall service and are looking so much forward to coming back.	
Jun 10 2006	No no no - overrated overpriced over.	The best, and the only, good thing with this hotel is the location. Close to the vibrating nightlife, good selection of restaurants and near shopping. 6 months earlier we had visited the hotel’s rooftop bar on a sunny afternoon drinking a ridiculously expensive bottle of champagne in plastic glasses. Somehow we then got a feeling for the place and decided to stay here for our next trip. The reviews we read where mainly positive. But we were misled. Starting from the top of the hotel, this is an area solely for the entertainment of non resident hotel guests. The “hip” crowds have since long moved onto another new nightspot, and we can understand why. The view might be great, but the décor is simple, cheap and run down. The music is disappointing and the overpriced cocktails are not well done. There is a rooftop pool, which was open but covered by a boring plastic shelter. Even when it’s removed it’s not going to look by far as attractive or inviting as the rooftop pool you can see across the street at the Soho House. Where do you sunbath? The terrace offers no other benefits for the hotel guest but the fact you will not have to queue to get into the nightclub. However as hotel guest there are no other privileges, and to our surprise we could not even get a table to sit at unless we opted to pay the minimum bottle charge. Nevertheless, there are plenty of better clubs to visit in the neighbourhood where the money spent will be much more worth it. Moving down to the accommodation. We stayed in a grand deluxe room which is on a higher floor and has a fantastic view of the Hudson river. The room is small and the decor is simple. We had booked several months in advance asking for a silent room but were put right next to the elevator and we were disturbed by screaming kids in the morning and late night party people in the corridor. We immediately complained to the duty manager but it was left unsolved. Yes they offered us a smaller room with a different view, obviously with no compensation, but on the contrary at same price. A pretty smart try. The breakfast is a JOKE! Fortunately it was included in the price because I would never have paid for it. A buffet consisting of some dry croissants, yogurt, fresh fruit (which was the only bonus), and regular coffee or tea. As you sit down the waiter gives you a menu to order from, but all this is not included, which, of course, the waiter do not let you know. So I reckon a few peoples have been royally ripped off here.The over all service is really poor. There is no charm. And the hotel is starting to become rundown. Don’t stay here there are better hotels like 60 Thompson or the Mercer. We stayed 2 of our planned 6 nights here. We regret staying so long.	
Jun 6 2006	Just Okay	My husband and I stayed at the Gansevoort for three nights, June 3-6. Our room was not ready when we arrived but the staff was very apologetic and gave us complimentary breakfast coupons for the our entire stay even though we only ended up waiting 30 minutes. Our room was average, showing signs of wear (chipped paint on furniture, etc.). Our toilet was stopped up and the first maintenance person came to our room and made a mess without fixing it. It wasn't fixed until I called the front desk and got loud. It was repaired in 10 minutes (literally) and we had no more trouble with it. Not withstanding the celebrity sightings, the hotel was nice but not on par with the Ritz Carlton or the Regency. At the price we paid I expected better.	
Jun 6 2006	Was I staying at the same hotel as most of these people?	We booked a room at this hotel based purely on the amazing reviews on tripadvisor.com. I spent most the weekend wondering if we were actually at the same hotel that most of the people who gave this place GLOWING reviews stayed at. This hotel is for 20-somethings who want to party. period. The noise is incredible and after spending over 2k to stay for 3 nights, I had to come home and sleep for 18 hours in my own bed to catch up on sleep. This was not because I was out partying at the rooftop bar with all of the bridge and tunnel brides who were in town for bachelorette parties. (The hotel was full of them. Loud and drunk! Staying 4 to a room I am sure. ) The car honking on the street below is just NUTS when the evening begins to wind down at 2:30am and lasts until at least 5 am. A call to the front desk for ear plugs was a no-go. They did not have any. I am guessing that I am not the first person who has had a problem sleeping in this place, but apparently splurging for .50 rubber ear plugs is not chic. I do have to say that the front desk manager was apolgetic but little good that did me. Another thing that floored me was having to call down to the front desk to complain, not only about the drum and base and house music coming from rooms on all sides of us, but to complain, as well, about the barking DOG in the room next to us. If your dog is barking in your fancy hotel room 1) he probably does not think coming to NYC to shop and eat is fun or 2) he probably does not think coming to NYC to eat and shop is fun. LEAVE YOUR PETS AT HOME. THIS IS NO PLACE FOR THEM!As for the compliementary breakfast, I sort of felt like a criminal when I went down to get coffee but did not want to surrender my little card because I was waiting for my boyfriend in the lobby. If you are paying over 500 night for a hotel room, you should not be treated like you are trying to &quot;steal&quot; a cup of coffee. I can't be totally critical here: the rooms are nice for NYC rooms. More spacious then other &quot;mod&quot; hotels. It just would have been nice if when they constructed this hotel a couple of years back that they would have thought to put exhaust fans in the bathrooms. One trip to the shower and the whole room is fogged up and the bath too humid for anyone else to use to, oh, say, put on makeup. The humidity caused by this has the sheetrock tape coming apart from the wall and the cheap color xerox &quot;art&quot; crinkling in it's Ikea frames. Next time I listen to my travel agent who said &quot;why would you want to stay there?&quot; and stay at the Bryant Park or the Lowell---better for &quot;grown-ups&quot;.	
Jun 6 2006 	Wonderful Hotel- Great place to stay!	Stayed the weekend of May 12th. Got early check in and was upgraded to a Manhattan Suite. Incredible room with in-shower sauna, Plasma TV, balcony, and a VERY comfy bed. Bar on the roof was a scene for sure- was the place to be. Note to future guests, pool is for hotel guests only- grab a drink and head out to the pool to look at the city without the crowds of the bar. Service was excellent- I had no problems or attitude from anyone. Breakfast (free) was good, nice atmosphere. All in all a great stay in a great area. Highly recomended!	
May 27 2006	High-end design perfect experience	Had a wonderful stay at the Gansevoort. This hotel is among the very best in New York. Design is very modern, a little cold in the lobby but the rooms are quite comfortable. Our room was relatively large by New York standards, with a nice bathroom and a plasma TV. We really enjoyed the space and light provided by the floor to ceiling window with the view on the Hudson river and the little balcony. The crowd is definitely trendy and there is sometimes a little too much attitude. However, we never felt uncomfortable, even with our two young children. The location is interesting too, in the middle of the Meatpacking neighborhood, close to many up-and-coming shops, restaurants and bars. This hotel is not for everybody, but if you like clean, modern design and a fashionable atmosphere, you won't be disappointed.	
May 24 2006	Hit and miss	My wife and I spent the past weekend here. We planned on a night of sophisticated R&amp;R, and picked this hotel based on recent reviews, as well as it's reputation as a top NYC property. Living in northern NJ, we had a pretty good idea of what to expect from midtown hotels, so we decided to stay in the Meatpacking District to avoid all the tourists, noise, traffic, etc., to be close to the Spice Market and downtown shopping areas. It's not that the hotel itself wasn't nice-it just wasn't great. We stayed in a corner suite which costs upwards of 1k a night, and for that money, I expect 5-star excellence. Our biggest complaint was that even from the 10th floor we could hear loud voices and constant car horns from the street below-until 5am. Perhaps it's not fair to blame the hotel for that, but at checkout the front desk agent told me that they get many similar complaints from balcony room guests, and that &quot;next time&quot; we should stay in a &quot;single in the back&quot; of the hotel, which are obviously much less expensive and less noisy. I just said &quot;uh...ok&quot; and left it at that.I'm not a particularly light sleeper, but for that kind of money I expect at the very least not to be kept awake all night. Unfortunately, since we didn't get to sleep until after 5 and slept until 11, we missed the breakfast that was included with the room purchase. The front desk girl just shrugged her shoulders and gave us a &quot;SOL&quot; look, and walked on to the next customer. I wasn't seeking compensation, but sympathetic concern even if disingenuous, would have been nice.After a night out, we returned to the hotel only to encounter 50-75 people standing behind a velvet rope at the entrance. Apparently they were on line to get into the top floor lounge, and the ropes were in place to control the flow of people allowed in. It also managed to control the flow of registered guests into the hotel as well. As my wife and I made our way past the crowd and walked into the one single open door, we were met by a bouncer-type who stepped in front of us and barked out; &quot;CAN I HELP YOU?!?!&quot;. I guess the concept of actual hotel guests entering from the front entrance along with club people was way too much for this guy-or hotel management for that matter-to process. I just ignored him and walked on by, but it's not something you should encounter when paying these rates.The top floor lounge (a couple of appetizers and three rounds of drinks in plastic &quot;glasses&quot; totaled $130) was nothing spectacular. After discovering this place, we realized why we had encountered so many image-conscious 20-somethings aimlessly riding the elevators and wandering the guest hallways looking for it. There were no signs anywhere in the lobby or inside the elevator telling them that the lounge was located on the &quot;PH&quot; level. I guess it's all part of the &quot;chic&quot; atmosphere that people just know where the hip spot is. But don't be surprised to meet some of them on your way down the hall to the ice machine.All in all I would not return for the above reasons, only. The beds were comfortable, and the rooms were clean, modern and well appointed. I don't mean to sound too negative, but there may be some out there who would want to know these things before spending the money. I know I would have.	
May 22 2006	Great Hotel	Myself and 3 friends chose to stay at the Gansevoort. We hadn't been to NYC before so were unsure of location to all the sites, clubs, shops. The Hotel proved to be in a superb location. Not too far from anything, especially the bars and clubs. Around the hotel there are some great places to go (ATP, Lotus AER), further afield (4/5 blocks) try Marquee, Home, Crobar. Even the hotel bar was packed at 2/3am!. The strange thing is you don't hear any of this when in your rooms so you have the best of both worlds. Staff very helpful and Nicky the Concierge top class in getting us into restaurants and clubs. Didn't do the breakfast at the hotel, try Carnegie Deli (nr Carnegie Hall) great place, great omelettes!! Rooms nice with everything you need, Hotel CD worth a listen too!, recommend this hotel to anyone!!.	
Apr 18 2006	Super Infant Friendly!	Although you might not expect it from a hotel in the range of the Gansevoort, the incredibly helpful and courteous hotel staff went above and beyond to make my 8 month old’s stay an absolute dream! I highly suggest this hotel to anyone traveling with or without infants.Richard O.	
Apr 3 2006	Hip and classy	We made a reservation in the Gansevoort for our honeymoon. We had a special rate on a &quot;grand deluxe&quot;, viewing the hudson river. We had a perfect time there : staff is very helpfull (we ask for adaptators, dvd player and other little things), polite and kind with the guests.The room was large and cosy with a sofa along the big and great window. Bed comfy as possible. Reading the others reviews, just want to say that we enjoyed a lot the silence despite you're in the middle of a night spot area. The view is spectacular, relaxing and changing colors at different times of day and night.We loved it!	
Apr 2 2006	Close to flawless	Just returned from a 40th wedding anniversary celebration in NYC at the Gansevoort. Found the hotel on the web after getting a run-around about rates from the uptown Carlyle. Decided it was time to look past the Upper East Side and are we ever glad we did!The Gansevoort is hip, gorgeous, and young at heart without any of the haughty attitude you find at other spots of its ilk. Helpful friendly staff. Beautifully designed rooms. Not oversized but I will always opt for good design over size. A great bonus was the complimentary continental breakfast. Fresh berries, granola, fruit salad, tiny croissants. Outstanding location. Great places to walk to in the West Village and very convenient to the 8th Ave subway line at 14th Street. A direct trip to Yankee Stadium, to Times Square, to Brooklyn, and only one change to get to the Upper East Side. We will be back!	
Mar 8 2006	Fabulous Hotel	OK, so this may not be the cheapest hotel in NYC, but if you're planning an upmarket, classy visit and want a bed in one of the best locations the Gansevoort has got to be #1.My wife and I spent 4 nights there in Feb 2006 and have nothing but praise for this establishment. Ono, the hotel restaurant was excellent, but if you wish to dine elsewhere there are numerous top-notch options on your doorstep. We tried the Spice Market, One and Pastisse, all within 50 yards of the hotel and were never disappointed. The Meat-Packing District also has a good collection of bars and clubs only a short stroll from the hotel.Hotel highlights include:Room -- Clean, modern lines. A nice view of the Hudson.Rooftop Bar -- Busy with locals and tourists alike. Great cocktails (try the Pink Panther!!!).Spa -- Only recently opened, but very professional. Treatments are expensive, but what better way to recover from your long flight than a massage!Service -- Impeccable. A complimentary bottle of champagne duly arrived to celebrate my birthday.Kyra -- The best concierge in NYC. Took care of everything, from restaurant reservations to helicopter rides to a suprise birthday cake. An absolute star!	
Mar 6 2006	Fantastic weekend	Recently spent a night at the Gansevoort with 8 girlfriends and had a great time. My room faced the Hudson River and had a very comfy bed, flat screen tv, cd player and a really nice bathroom. Cant say enough about how wonderful the staff made us feel. Room service was quick and good, a call for a champagne bucket was answered promptly and we all loved the location, a quick trip across the street to Pastis for lunch and super shopping. We never got into a cab all weekend!	
Mar 5 2006	Perfection. A downtown oasis.	Every year, I take my husband and two young daughters from our Upper West Side apartment to a NYC hotel for a luxurious getaway. This year, we were blessed to spend one blissful, elegant, funky night at the Hotel Gansevoort -- an architectural gem in the heart of the trendy Meatpacking District. It was the best ever! It is like being in a small European boutique hotel in the hottest neighborhood. We ate lunch at Chelsea Market, shopped at Scoop and Jeffrey and relaxed in the hotel. The experience goes beyond words, but a few of the highlights included the endless touches in our suite -- huge bathrooms with great bath products, fluffy robes, a steam shower, overstuffed duvets and soft linens, great views, QUIET, purple padded hangars, ipod connection, plasma tv, fun CD of downtown cool music -- then there was the rooftop pool where we invited friends and had an impromptu party with pizza and champagne, the dinner at ONO for outstanding service and killer Japanese food, the divine breakfast buffet with enormous, perfect berries and all kinds of yummy pasteries and yogurt. We all worked out in the adorable and perfectly outfitted exercise room in the basement and then my husband and I used the steam room and hot tubs before my A+ facial. (Ingeniously, the spa becomes a nightclub most nights using the hot tubs and a huge bar as a magnet for celebrities.)The staff was excellent -- full of great advice and pampering. There is no pretense, but the hotel is managed spectacularly. Run, don't walk, for a sublime experience. Even hanging out in the lobby with the minimal design and gorgeous colors is fun.	
Feb 28 2006	The only place to stay	An incredible experience - having lived in NYC I am always loathed to pay to stay there - I will definitely be staying at the Gansevoort again. The hotel experience and location guarantee a return visit when the roof top pool is in full effect.	
Feb 13 2006 	Great hotel Great location	This is one of the best hotels i've stayed in in New York. The location, in the heart of meatpacking district is full of good restaurants and night clubs. Rooms are v. comfortable and nice. Staff is friendly, efficient and accomodating. Restaurant Ono is a fantastic and creative japanese fusion restaurant. On the weekends the rooftop bar is very popular among youngsters. I suggest skip it unless you are in your twenties. I ordered an after dinner cognac and it was served in a plastic tumbler. Yuck. Go across the street to Pastis for a drink. Much better!	
Feb 6 2006	Hotel Ganzevoort NYC an Incredible Family Vacation Destination	I wanted to share my opinion of the Hotel Ganzevoort. I vacationed there with my family over Christmas, 2005, which just so happened to be during the Great Transit Strike of'05.The Hotel and its staff became the most incredible, helpful, pleasant, accomodating and gracious experience of any hotel we have stayed at. For a family of 6(2 adults and 4 children 18,16,10,8) the trip turned out to be one we will never forget and will always look to return to on a yearly basis. A big thank you to Elon, the manager, and Michael and Kyra, the concierges, and to Robert, the doorman for making all things easy and possible.	
Jan 30 2006	Great Weekend Getaway	We spent a weekend at the Gansevoort to get away and celebrate an important event. Everything about our stay was perfect. We found our room to be luxurious -- modern but also very warm and welcoming. For a hotel in the midst of so much activity, the rooms were suprisingly quiet. The staff was extremely attentive and makes each guest feel pampered and important. The hotel just has a very special feel to it, one that is unsurpassed by most others we have experienced. It's far and away the place we'd recommend for someone who wants to come and experience the best New York has to offer. As native New Yorkers, we had the benefit of much insight into the best hotels and neighborhoods when making our decision. The Gansevoort is located in the heart of the district that is home to many great restaurants, nightspots and shopping. Most of New York's interesting new architecture has been built here or nearby. At the same time, the neighborhood still retains all the charm of old new york, with cobblestone streets and centuries-old buildings. We availed ourselves of the recently completed river-side parks to jog to the southern tip of manhattan and back -- great views. Its a great oasis in the city whether you are coming from uptown or out of town.	
Jan 26 2006	Perfect! Can't wait to return.	Just returned from a repeat visit to the hip yet surprisingly comfortable Gansevoort Hotel. The hotel is surrounded by fine restaurants, unbeatable shopping and a happening nightlife. The beauty of the Gansevoort is that you have the option to do all of the above or simply hang in your comfortable, luxurious and quiet room. The bathrooms are surprisingly spacious and extremely well finished and the beds have those fluffy soft duvets that make you never want to leave. There will no doubt be more visits. Don't hesitate! You'll love it.	
Jan 24 2006	Downtown's Most Fabulous Address	If you're in New York and want to be near all the cool people, stay at the Gansevoort. It's right in the cobblestone-street area of the Meat Packing district, and great restaurants and bars of all types, from French bistros (Marcelleria, Paris Commune) to Southern BBQ (Hog Pit) to Irish watering hoes (White Horse Tavern) are only steps away. And the hotel itself is the epicenter of New York Fabulousness -- sleek modern design and beautiful people everywhere. And if you stay there, you will be beautiful too. All of the accoutrements, from the bathrooms to the hangars -- are the epitome of modern tastefulness. The rooms are good size and wisely feature big picture windows allowing you to take in the sights of downtown and the Hudson River. A great NYC experience is virtually guaranteed with a stay at the Gansevoort. Muy fabuloso!!!!!	
Jan 23 2006	Check out the Gansevoort Hotel in Manhattan - You'll Love It!!	My husband and I spent 3 wonderful nights at the Gansevoort Hotel. It was absolutely incredible. The hotel has the charm of a quaint European Hotel yet all the amenities of a 5 star hotel. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable.The service is absolutely outstanding. Every employee goes out of their way to recommend sites, restaurants, etc., in order to ensure you have a great stay in NYC. There's an amazing continental breakfast where fresh blueberries, blackberries, and raspberries are served daily! This was an absolute treat to my husband and I.The neighborhood is a very exciting and upbeat part of NYC. There are incredible restaurants at every corner. It was pleasure to stroll the cobblestone roads instead of dealing with the congestion and crowds in the Times Square Area.I can't wait to go back to the Gansevoort. I highly recommend that anyone who visits Manhattan give it a try - you won't be disappointed!	
Jan 22 2006	The Grrrrrreat Gansevoort	What can I say - other than excellent. Top service, great views, great location, great bar, great pool, great height and width. The staff were discreet, knowledgeable about where to buy some pretty exotic items and even found lodgings for a friend's pet swan. You don't find that kind of service every day. Also, from the bar balcony, you can look down on all the celebrities in the Soho House swimming pool, in more than one way. The french restaurant across the road was also great - although that day they didn't serve the classic &quot;Singe mangeant fromage au reddition&quot;. If you go, you should ask for it by name - the restaurant is famous for it.	
Jan 20 2006	Short Break at the Gansevoort	We stayed at this hotel for a 4 day New York break, having flown in from Great Britain. The experience was very satisfying: excellent location, great rooms (huge bed) , professional staff and amazing roof top pool, which doubles as hip destination bar for trendy New Yorkers. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 20 2006	Great room great location fantastic hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Gansevoort for a week just after New Year and had a great experience. Of all the hotels I visit in NYC (including Soho Grand, Bryant Park, etc) and whether business or leisure, this is now definitely my favourite. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable (GREAT beds and huge, well-apppointed bathrooms), ours with a beautiful view out over the Hudson.Location is uber-cool with more restaurants, bars, shops, etc than you could wish for. The hotel facilities (rooftop pool, working through freezing Jan, the Spa just opening downstairs, free business centre with free print/fax, etc) are all great. And service (with minor exceptions) helpful and friendly as could be.Recommended without hesitation.	
Jan 11 2006	The Gansevoort Hotel is a wonderful place to stay	My wife and I were in the city for a party and we stayed at the Gansevoort Hotel on January 7, 2006. We had eaten at the restaurant in the hotel before and loved it. We had drinks at the roof top bar that had incredible views of the city aiming in all directions. We also took advantage of a dip in the pool the next morning which was fantastic. We really enjoyed the convenience of it's location to the shops and restaurants.The hospitality that we received from the whole hotel was over the top. We loved our room and we will only stay at this hotel in the future.	
Jan 10 2006	Worst Hotel Ever Been (Hotel Gansevoort	This was the worst experience I ever encountered in a hotel.The concierge lied about making reservations and the general manager of the hotel was very rude. There names are Joel, Nick, and Michael from guest relations.Stay away from this hotel, the Gansevoort branding image is if your not good looking you cant get in!	
Jan 4 2006	Definitely returning to the Gansevoort!.	My girlfriend and I stayed from december 27th-29th.We were very courteously greeted and escorted to check-in. We were upgraded to a stunning and very spacious 9th floor room with fabuluous views to the west. our luggage was promptly awaiting us on arrival to our room by a very courteous bellman who explained how our in-room sound and lighting systems functioned aswell as the electric blinds which could reduce the awesome light entering our room. The in-house facilities were excellent, including the gym and roof-top pool. We also were priveleged to get a sneak preview of the new and soon to be opened Spa, the concept there being a first of it's kind!!. The locality is unique and magic and fabuluous shopping is very close by. For K9 lovers, there is even the woofspa and resort nearby!!.In-hotel dining is magnificent,including breakfast and room service.We got excellent recommendations for restaurants nearby and not so nearby, all excellent. Definitely returning to the Gansevoort for our next stay.	
Dec 20 2005	Don't waste your money	So many staff people...so little time. Doorman, lots of bouncer types surveying the potential bar goers but not paying any attention to paying guests; we struggled out of a taxi at 10:30 on a Friday night and literally had to grab a bouncer/doorman type who went off in search of a bellman. For $400.00 a night we got a second floor room the size of a closet overlooking the line of noisy revelers desperately seeking entrance to the bar. No dressers or shelves to speak of and absolutely no space to fit our luggage! Something about three types of bottled water cluttering the tiny bedside table with their price tags dangling is cheesy at best.We learned to call to have our room made up each morning after going out at 9am and returning at 3pm to find our room exactly as we left it. Reception made excuses instead of apologizing and getting the job done; they did send us a bottle of wine the second time housekeeping &quot;missed us&quot;. Never again.	
Nov 23 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Wow, finally I have found a city hotel that scores 10/10!! The service, amenities, staff and location were all perfect. Breakfast was well worth getting up early for, the bar upstairs was great fun and my room was spacious and very, very comfortable. I wouldnt want to stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Nov 22 2005	Good for metrosexuals and posers	Great funky hotel but the nightlife never seems to end. We stayed for a long weekend in July being seasoned New York visitors, but the meatpacking district is too far from Times Square, Central Park, museums etc. Great locale if you are in the market for a Stella McCartney frock! Local restaurants all seem to offer very small portions for very big dollars.The room was very spacious by NY standards but I found the staff to be cold and unapprochable and not all that well versed in the sights of NYC.Pool terrace is extremely cramped but with a great view - pass on the $9 USD beer and hit the corner store for supplies!Probably won't go back - too many other great hotels to choose from and explore in this great city.	
Nov 22 2005	avoid it	I stayed here many times. It was always ok. Now it's terrible. They call it contemporary luxury. It's neither. The service is terrible. The rooms are outdated as far as style. It's extremely noisy. It's overpriced. Smug staff. Huge lines of cheesy people waiting to get to the rooftop bar (bridge and tunnel people who pack the elevators all night). They would have a nice breakfast but they run out of things early. When recommending a restaurant.. all they can think of is Spice Market across the street. They don't even give you a simple bottle of water with the room. But they do charge $8 dollars for an Evian. There is so much better in NYC for the price they charge. The meatpacking is a great location but aviod this hotel if you can. Or if you want to sleep.	
Nov 18 2005 	Funky Hotel in the middle of all the Nightlife	Just back from The Gansevoort after getting a great price on hotels.tv website. Located opposite Pastis restaurant, we had a great room (deluxe) with above avg space (unlike many NY hotels). The hotel's rooftop bar seems the place to be judging by the throngs queueing each evening to get in. Didn't eat in the Ono restaurant but breakfasts (included in price) were DIVINE! Fresh berries, excellent granola, and delicious mini-croissants and muffins. My wife was with me and pregnant, so she loved the decaf coffee.Will we go back? Definitely. Go there.	
Oct 26 2005	Hip cool young modern and today	Just returned from a wonderful stay at the Gansevoort where I travled to meet a friend from Austin. We used to go to New York to celebrate birthdays, but it had been a while. Previously, at my friend's choice, we stayed at some swankin' hotel in midtown, but I managed to convince her that we should get downtown. I heard from a friend that the Gansevoort was amazing and that the meatpacking district was the place to be. Too true.We had a room with balcony on the 11th floor. I loved standing on the balcony at night watching all the people and then collapsing into the most, most comfortable bed - wish I could have brought it home with me. I neglected to bring any tunes with me, but was quite happy with the CD &quot;A Night at the Gansevoort&quot; supplied by the hotel - perfect cocktails before dinner or going to sleep or getting ready in the morning music for me.Room service and other requests were prompt, staff was very polite, lots of great resturants nearby, and its just gosh darn good looking!I will definitely stay there again - and indeed look forward to it!	
Oct 17 2005	Great way to ring in the New Year	We stayed at the Gansevoort over the New Year Holiday and had a blast. The hotel was great -- we had a bottle of champagne shortly after check-in. We decided to stay at the hotel for the party which ended being the best choice ever. Free-flowing champagne, top shelf drinks, great atmosphere AND they even kept the rooftop pool open! We were able to swim during the party! This accommodations are superb for a funky, trendy kind of hotel. Food was great (including Ono). I will stay here again without a doubt. :)	
Oct 13 2005	Amazing from a far but far from amazing	The Gansevoort is amazing from a far but far from amazing. Although it is nestled in the trendy meatpacking district, the hotel is a little rough around the edges.The staff needs some training in customer service from the concierge to the waitstaff at Ono. The staff was not educated on the product they were selling and half the time we ordered a drink with the waitress on the roofdeck she never came back. The rooms are small rooms (typical for New York) the design is hip and you get all the nice touches from Italian sheets to Italian soaps. That said, our room also vibrated so loudly that we ended up takig off the frames from the wall. We spoke to manager about this and she said it was vent. No apologies, no let me make it up to you. Once again, the service was below expectations for a room that is valued at 495/night. The restaurant has great food and the hotel has a great concept just needs some polishing! I would stay there again because of the convinience to all the hip restaurants/clubs but not because it was amazing.	
Oct 6 2005	Hotel Gansevoort... Hot	Stayed at Hotel Gansevoort several times this past summer. I highly recommend this Hotel and can not imagine another hotel as hot as this one in Manhattan. Service is excellant and each time we stayed there, we enjoyed meeting cool people who wanted to party and have fun. &quot;Ono&quot; restaurant in the Hotel is outrageous....excellant food, great ambiance, and nice crowd to meet and mingle with. Highly recommend booking one of the special overnight packages that come with an array of perks such as early check-in, late check-out, complimentary bottle of vodka, champagne, and chocolates in your room, as well as complimentary poolside cocktail. Some packages also come with your choice of complimentary access to a number of hot clubs that are all within walking distance. Emily and other staff members went out of their way on several occasions to make sure our stay was exactly as wanted. If you haven't tried Hotel Gansevoort, you're missing a very cool and chic hotel in one of the hotest areas of NYC. It's obvious it's the place to be these days. Make sure you save time to have cocktails on the rooftop area and watch the sunset. Later, you can't go wrong with the &quot;Plunge&quot;, the club on the rooftop next to the pool.	
Oct 4 2005	This hotel gets it right	If you like contemporary boutique hotels then things don't get much better than this. The Meatpacking district is vibrant, and this hotel has a very popular rooftop bar and restaurant (Ono). But it's only there if you want to partake. Unlike other boutique hotels that can be more like a hotel built around a nightclub, this one offers great service and well thought-out, comfortable rooms with great amenities. Clearly whoever is running this hotel knows what he or she is doing. Well-trained staff, no attitude, but lots of personality, the calibre you expect from luxury five-star hotels but without the stiffness. On this trip two colleagues and I checked out 25 boutique hotels in NYC (we're in the business) and we all agreed that this is the best. Will definitely be back.	
Oct 4 2005	My favorite hotel in NYC	I have stayed at the Gansveoort a half dozen times since it's opened and each trip is a real pleasure. The staff is fun, polite, capable and respectful of your privacy. If you're looking to stay in the exact heart of NYC's nightlife and restaurant center, the Meatpacking District, this is your spot. The Gansevoort just feels fun. The rooms are plush and comfortable. The pool is a real treat. The rooftop bar (Plunge) and Jeffery Chodorow restaurant (Ono) make it easy to spend as much time as you want in house.It's also very nice to walk outside and not walk into a street full of tourists. My favorite spot.	
Sep 29 2005	We Love the Gansevoort!	We have stayed in some of the finest hotels in the world and the Gansevoort in NYC is one of our all time favorites. We love the design, the location, and the amenities of the hotel. The roof deck and pool are very special and unique. The hotel staff is polite, helpful and well informed. We love the location of the hotel - in the wonderful meat packing district!	
Sep 28 2005	NIGHTMARE ON GANSEVOORT STREET!!!	It has taken a year of me being angry to even come to terms with the fact that i have to write a review. When i moved back to New York from Los Angeles my company gave me many options of where to stay in the New York City area. It was to be a 31 night stay. Since I used to live near the meatpacking district i chose the Gansevoort.So many horrible experiences, so little writing space:1) The hotel charged me a rate increase 20 nights in to the stay without telling me. Normally this would be acceptable, but to have the nerve to increase the rate by $10 per night when my bill was to already going to exceed $10,000 is rediculous.2) The cheesy bar upstairs didnt help things. The thump from the equally as cheesy music could be heard in all rooms until 5am nightly. Oh, did i mention the crowd was cheezy?3) The hotel has a unique air conditioning system. If it is 73 degrees outside or cooler the A/C cant be turned on. Well, in NYC if it's 72 degrees with 100% humidity (as it often is) it feels like its 90 degrees! The hotels response? &quot;Sorry&quot;4) Worst of all (and im partly to blame here) - 3 weeks in to my stay I realized that my Cartier Watch, Cartier bracelet and Louis Vuitton necklace were gone after leaving them in one of my bags. While their was a safe in the room (and i should have put my stuff there) it should be nice for all of you to know that these are the types of people cleaning the rooms here. I couldnt switch hotels at this point because of fashion week -- everything in the city short of an airport Ramada Inn hotel was booked - what a nightmare! no apologies from management or the staff i might add (and no investigation)I travel a LOT for work and have stayed at tons of hotels throughout the world - this hotel, im sad to say, was one of my absolute WORST experiences in my LIFE. I can only hope that this review would help spread the word about what a piece of garbage this property is. Oh, and the uber-chic restaurant ONO in the hotel, is also not worth the over-priced trip.	
Sep 12 2005	Best of the Best	The Hotel Gansevoort in Manhattan stands well above other high end &quot;happening&quot; hotels and in my opinion has no rival in the city. I spend many nights a month in Miami, LA, Dallas and most of all Manhattan and it is tough to find a comparison for the Gansevoort in regards to service, room standards, and management. I have stayed there on multiple occasions and each time...the same result...perfection. Highly recommended...five star.	
Sep 9 2005	totally enamored and loved the hotel	During the 4th of July weekend, my wife and I stayed at the Gansevoort and it was a very enjoyable experience. The hotel accomodations and rooms are state of the art and very comfortable and user friendly. The hotel design and appointments are modern and contempory and provide a refreshing feeling and ambience for guests. The Gansevoort provided us with complimentary &quot;breakfast&quot; in their restaurant, which also doubles as a Japanese restaurant, and the breakfast provisions and coffee were excellent and of high-quality. The writer is in the construction business and has been involved in the construction of various chain hotels, however, my Gansevoort stay and accomodations proved to be Non-standard and provided a refreshing experience during the July 4th weekend. In addition, the staff and general manager were very user friendly and even provided a bottle of wine during our stay. I look forward to returning and enjoying the Gansevoort and the surrounding &quot;Meat packing&quot; restaurants and galleries.I recommend the hotel for the discerning guest.	
Sep 4 2005	An indulgent honeymoon treat	Yes, this hotel is expensive, but my husband and I thought that we deserved to treat ourselves to something special for our honeymoon, we were already going all out by going to New York. As it transpired, we couldn't have picked a more perfect place to stay. Being a new hotel, it was luxurious without the stuffy atmosphere of other expensive accommodation we saw (we checked out the lobbies of a few), this also meant everything was in pristine condition, from the bathrooms to the rooftop pool. The views from this rooftop expanse were truly breathtaking and we could even see the Empire State building from our balcony. This all proved very romantic. Perhaps the only negative comments I have to make about this hotel are that we requested champagne and strawberries upon arrival that never materialised (although judging by the room service prices this is probably a good thing, and we were given a complementary bottle of wine) and that at night, the roof top bar did have a slight air of pretention about it (this was mirrored in the drink prices). Having said that, there was so much else to do that we very rarely actually went up to the bar except to take in the scenery. On top of this, we were given complementary breakfast vouchers for the duration of our stay which was an unexpected bonus. The hotel is located a little way out of the hubbub of such areas as Time Square and Central Park which meant a greater deal of travelling around but this was our intention as it gave us the opportunity to discover other areas such as Greenwich Village. It also meant that the views were better as the buildings are not so overcrowded. I should imagine that any room in the hotel would be a delight to stay in, however, if the budget allows i would recommend paying that little bit extra to have a grand deluxe room on a higher floor and ask for a balcony, there was nothing like waking up in the morning, ordering room service and standing on the balcony waching the world go by.	
Aug 19 2005	Fabulous Weekend!	I recently took my 18 year old daughter to NYC as a 'going away to college' present. We stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort for the weekend, after a friend suggested that we would enjoy this hotel and the 'Meatpacking District' where it is located.I have been visiting NYC for many, many years, and can not remember a better stay.The hotel is delightful. The staff could not have been more cordial and accomodating. I would describe the Gansevoort as 'hip and modern', but without all the 'attitude' you can find at many of the other 'trendy' downown hotels.Our room was well appointed and extremely comfortable....the price/value relationship was exceptional. The rooftop sundeck/pool was wonderful...affording one a terrific view, as well.Great shopping and restaurants dot the MPD, Soho, and West Village area...all a short walk away.I could go on and on....but enough. Great hotel! Thank you Mr. Kenchington, for managing the Gansevoort so superbly.	
Aug 11 2005	15 out of 10 over the top	I am writing to recommend to anyone coming to New York to try Hotel Gavsevoort. I have stayed in most first class hotels in nyc and in europe and this experience rivaled, if not out did them all. from the moment we drove up (we live about an hour away and were in for the weekend), you could tell the service was first class, extremely attentive, but not pushy or manufactured. we spend time at the roof top pool and then the roof bar, which has incredible 360 views of nyc. our room looked out over the main drag in the meat packing district, which was happening all day and all night.Because of its location, the hotel is phenominally located. not only would i stay there again, i may not stay anywhere else. e.g., connecticut	
Aug 7 2005	outstanding luxury in meat packing district	the Gansevoort in the hip west village-chelsea enclave known as the meatpacking district is truly unique. the site could be a european village square-combined with late night bourbon street type excitement. we were guests for 8 nites and became like regulars- with front office managers, restaurant servers and managers all calling us by name(and first names-just as we asked!).great rooms, service, a luxury spot where u get what u pay for-and a roof top pool with service! congrats to management for pulling it off in one tough town.	
Aug 1 2005 	gansevoort five stars	Ladies and Gentlemen, I was fortunate enough to return to the Gansevoort Hotel this July,after having had a wonderful stay there last November. Thefood from ONO restaurant is flawless and when i ordered &quot;off the menu&quot;the service was perfect and the waiters genuinely kind,RARE in ny. The view from my deliciosly comfortable bed is still with me two weeks later. boats sailing by, dappled sunlight and a beautiful fresh pink orchid planton the table in front of the window.I have stayed in many of ny's finest hotels,never have i felt so safe,so cared for and so welcomed. the linensand towels and robes are delivered clean and warm every day, as many as you need ,whenever you need them. i finally got a chance to go upstairsfor a look at the pool and the view.360 degrees, sunshine , full bar , greatmusic,great looking people. i sense a real winner in the SPA opening this fall.with the cleanliness and efficiency of this hotel and it's staff ,it's a surething.DIANAB.	
Jul 27 2005	too trendy for its own good	The Gansevoort can certainly boast of its modern decor and trendy atmosphere. That's about all it can boast of. The service was downright horrible. It took 4 hours to rectify a billing matter at check in. The staff was rude and unaccomodating. I've never received worse service at a hotel- and I think I've been treated better at budget motels. Its reputation as a NY hotspot also has its disadvantages. The elevators were packed with club kids trying to go to the rooftop bar from 9 pm on. And it was nearly impossible to actually enter the pool due to the crowd. At one point I was told that it was &quot;all booked.&quot; The noise from partygoers outside the hotel was also unbearable. At 3 am, it felt like I was in the middle of fraternity row. I'll certainly never stay at the Gansevoort again. Unless you're into &quot;the scene,&quot; I doubt you'd enjoy it much either.	
Jul 25 2005	Awesome!	I expected the Gansevoort to be fancy, but it went farther than I had even anticipated. The rooms were big enough to fit 4 - 2 rooms were perfect for my 6 girlfriends and I. The bathrooms were beautiful and inviting as were the beds. Dinner at Ono was superb as was the waitstaff. But my favorite part of the entire experience was the roofdeck pool. It was much bigger than I expected and not overly crowded. We were all able to get lounge chairs (a must for this crew) and were able to relax completely. I would ABSOLUTELY stay here again!	
Jul 24 2005	Gansevoort Fun: South Beach meets NYC	The Gansevoort is a fine choice for those who want the make the most of the entertainment options New York's Meatpacking district has to offer. While the hotel is a very comfortable, stylish boutique property with good levels of service in its own right, visitors interested in a quiet, relaxed stay in NYC may be disappointed and should look elsewhere. The Gansevoort is a very dynamic, active environment; guests must prepare to share the hotel common areas with hoards of outside visitors. In the evening getting to your room will require riding in an elevator packed with Meatpacking district party-goers on their way to the popular Plunge lounge, on the top floor of the hotel. The only guest-only area of the hotel is the small gem of a swimming pool adjacent to the lounge on the rooftop.Pluses:Good service: a request for early check-in was satisfied in short order, and it took the front desk less than 5 minutes to dispatch someone to the room with a vase for flowers we had brought from outside. Sleek, soberly decorated and very comfortable rooms with all the amenities one would expect from this kind of property. Truly heavenly beds, and great bathrooms with granite tiled floors. Room size is (only just) above average by NYC standards. The rooftop pool! Reason enough to consider a stay at the Gansevoort. You can't beat a swim above Manhattan overlooking the Hudson, before returning to your room to get ready for dinner.Minuses:The noise from the streets surrounding the hotel is considerable at night, particularly on the lower-floors rooms on the 9th Ave. side of the building. On the other hand, the people watching from your perch atop the Meatpacking district is first-rate! It is surprising the hotel was not built with better sound proofing given the notoriusly busy location. Prepare to be serenaded by car horns and loud chatter from people coming out of the many area bars and clubs, until at least 4am. Also, while your room key card gives you preferential access to the elevators, it is a little strange coming back to the hotel after dinner having to walk by a long line (around the block) of loud people waiting to invade &quot;your&quot; home away from home.All in all: a highly recommended, fun hotel experience in New York except for those who are expressly seeking quiet and privacy.	
Jul 14 2005	Hip Lively Hotel with 5 Star Service	What a great weekend we had at the Gansevoort! We knew the hotel would be fashionable and assumed fun which it was on both accounts, but the real suprise for us was the incredible level of service we received across the board -- from checking in to room service and little things we needed throughout the weekend, the staff was consistently great. We have already made plans to return this fall for a long weekend of shopping and dining to try all the places the staff recommended that we couldn't get to because we ran out of time. If you are looking for a hotel with style but don't need the staff with attitude that seems to often come with cool boutique hotels (not great for out-of-towners like ourselves who can be sometimes intimidated by snobby staff) then this is the place to stay. The location was also amazing and the places the hotel sent us were all interesting close places to eat and shop.	
Jul 6 2005	Another Hip Flop	&gt; The check-in process was rather chaotic. At noon, there were many folks waiting in line with just two front desk agents present. We had to point out our bags to the bellman even though our bags were tagged, among the fifteen or more by the front desk.&gt; The junior suite (corner room) is small even though it has two (very tiny) balconies. Same for the bathroom when compared to a similar room at the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton. (Since it was our first time at the hotel, we were told by the reservation agent that the hotel is comparable to the mentioned hotels. That is simply untrue.) Because we were on the 12th floor, we could not hear any street noise, one of the rare positive points about our stay.&gt; The breakfast that comes with the room is unimpressive. Bad muffins and dry croissants, simply inexcusable for NYC. The waiters were more interested in flirting with the female guests than providing service.&gt; Room service staff knocked on our door three times the morning we were supposed to check-out even with the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign in the key slot.&gt; Overall, an overpriced tragically hip hotel with mediocre service and product.	
Jul 5 2005	Gansevoort Hotel: Penthouse Pool and 5 Star Staff!	I travel alot for business, so when a holiday arrives, the last thing that I want to be is on a plane or in a small hotel room with no view and a staff that thinks they are special for working at the hotel.This July 4th, I decided to stay in NYC, my home town, and create a vacation in the city. This was the best vacation I have ever had!!! The hotel of choice was Hotel Gansevoort. With corporate rates at the other hotels, I was almost swayed against Gansevoort, but I was struck by the images of the interiors, the roof top pool, and a bit by curiosity for the unknown. This was one of the busiest weekends of the year in NYC, but Hotel Gansevoort never let it bother them. The staff always made sure that when there was a line outside to get into the Penthouse Night club (great views and music!!) the guests were wisked up first. Now that is VIP!!During the day, when the pool was crowed, we asked the lifeguard and poolstaff to call us when a lounge was available. About 2 hours later, they called! It is unheard of, even in the best hotels to expect this kind of follow through. The Spa was under renovation, and the gym was split between three guest rooms. We wanted to workout, but the music was missing from one of the rooms (security reasons...very understandable if you saw the stereos in the rooms). I brought the one from my room, and the concierge had an extension cord in my room before I could unplug the stereo and carry it down the hall.Another perk, would have to be the continental breakfast. Often times, I stay at Ian Schrager hotels. I love them, but the breakfast can run you about $80-100 for two people. At Hotel Gansevoort, this is included. Granted, there are no cold cuts (who needs the fat!), but granola, danishes, mini-muffins, 4 types of cut fresh fruit, 4 types of fresh berries, yogurt, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea is plenty to get your morning going.As I said, these three days downtown seemed as eventful and relaxing as a week long vacation in LA, Miami, or any other major city you can name.Hats off to the Staff at Hotel Gansevoort! They deserve your attention, because they give it back ten fold.	
Jun 30 2005	Beautiful Hotel Poor Service	This nicely appointed hotel is good to stay in as long as you do not ask for anything. The hotel's service is poor. Consistently, requests for service had to be made repeatedly for them to be fulfilled. And we waited long periods of time before repeating our requests. Prior to our arrival we had requested via e-mail for a 30GB iPod docking stereo to be placed in our room. This was not accomplished when we arrived. So we requested it the following morning at the front desk along with extra pillows, extra towels, and reported that the drain valve in the bathtub was broken and drained terribly slow. Later that morning we ran into someone from engineering with the iPod stereo, but they had brought the one for the smaller iPod.Later that day after having walked around the city we returned to the room at approximately 2pm. Our room hasn't been cleaned yet. Of course our requests for more pillows and extra towels weren't done either. So we called in and reported these issues.We decided to head to the pool to swim and we enjoyed our $30 overcooked filet and side of frozen fries. We asked for the bill once, and our server decided to bus tables. So we had to ask for it again. After hanging out at their pool for several hours, we returned to find the room has been cleaned and we got the extra towels. But no pillows, and they didn't restock the mini-bar. That evening, we asked for 6 beers since the mini-bar wasn’t restocked so we can have some drinks before heading out to dinner. They sent up 6 warm beers in a pretty Gansevoort shopping bag. We called back and reported that the beers were warm. Their response was to send up ice. We finally got the extra pillows after running into a cleaning staff on the floor 13 hours from the initial request and got it promptly which was around midnight by then.The following morning, I decided to pick up some things for breakfast to have in my room. They offer a continental breakfast in their restaurant, Ono, and provide coffee cups to go. They refused to let me take any of the restaurant’s spoons so I can have their Yoplait yogurt and coffee back in my room.We promptly checked out that morning after 2 nights and with the rest of our vacation stayed 6 nights in a hotel that provided much better service.	
Jun 27 2005	Trendy young and expensive	The room/suite we got was a bit small for the price that we paid, but the place is nicely/modernly appointed with flat screen tvs in the living area and bedroom, large separate shower area, and fashionable frosted glass bathroom doors. What you're paying for at this hotel is access to the rooftop pool and bar. The pool, while small and often difficult to get a good lounge chair, is transporting and provides a great sanctuary for those hot New York City summer days. The bar, while expensive, sports attractive waitresses wearing Dolce Gabana and Dior and is quickly becoming one of the top hotspots in all of Manhattan. Very much a South-Beach atmosphere. You're also paying for its trendy Meatpacking district location and access to great nearby restaurants and clubs. The limited times we requested service, for ice and towels, was prompt and friendly. Don't go if noise is going to be an issue for you or you're here for business or want easy access to New York's traditional tourist spots (museums, Central Park, Empire State Building, Times Square, etc.). If you want an out-of-the way NY spot, with cobblestone streets, and a trendy young vibe - you should leave satisfied.	
Jun 27 2005	Fantastic!	Relative to the many overhyped and cookie-cutter &quot;hot&quot; new hotels, this one separates itself from the pack and delivers on all cylinders! From the time I arrived at check-in, to the glamorous roof-top bar, with sweeping views and great service, I was taken aback by the quality of care given to each and every detail. Often glamour hotspots tend to be heavy on the promise and short on delivery, but the Gansevoort really impressed on all fronts. I will definitely stay there when I return to New York. Bravo!	
Jun 27 2005	Gorgeous hotel-excellent pool!	I recently stayed here with a few of my girlfriends for the weekend and we all loved it! The pool is great to lounge next to and the rooms were much larger than those typical of NYC. The staff was very helpful in getting dinner reservations for a large group at their restaurant Ono (which was delicious!)It was within walking distance to soho shopping and lots of clubs, which worked out great! Would definitely stay again!	
Jun 27 2005	loved the roofdeck pool!	We reserved two rooms at the hotel for a girls weekend away, and everything about the hotel far exceeded our expectations. The front desk staff was very friendly and proactively provided great information about the hotel and area. The roofdeck pool was perfect and the staff took good care of us... the continental breakfast was perfect for me - there was fresh fruit, yogurt and muffins. We also ate dinner at Ono one evening and the concierge helped us with reservations. She told me that she would call me as soon as the maitre'd arrived to work to try to meet our request for a reservation time change, and she did! It is not too often that people call you back when they say they will... and meet a request on a busy Saturday night. I would definitely go back and stay here.	
Jun 27 2005	My new favorite NYC hotel	I just got back from a weekend at the Gansevoort Hotel and can't wait to go back. The staff was friendly, the hotel was sleek and modern, and we could not have had a better experience. The rooms were so much bigger than any other trendy NYC hotel that I have stayed in and the slippers and bathrobes are just an added bonus! The pool was definitely one of the main reasons we wanted to stay here and we were not disappointed. The staff was very attentive and helped us get 7 chairs so we could all sit together and lay in the sun. Lunch is served just outside the pool area on a patio and drinks are delivered right to your lounge chair- it was a perfect way to spend a hot day in the city. They check your name and room number when you go upstairs so it didn't get overly crowded and all of the people actually staying in the hotel got chairs. You can also bypass the line that forms at night for the roofdeck bar with your room key!The hotel location is fabulous- there are so many bars, clubs, shops and restaurants in the area that we never had to leave or take a cab anywhere the whole weekend. We had a reseervation for 10 people at Ono on Saturday night and they had no problem accommodating us when we called to push it back later since we were running late-even though it was packed inside. The food was excellent- it was a great place to go with a big group to share food and have great cocktails- especially the lemorgrass Mojito. The Gansevvort Hotel is my favorite hotspot and I would recommend it to anyone looking for the complete NYC experience.	
Jun 21 2005 	Awful Service Complaints Ignored by Staff	We checked into our suite and our mini-fridge was broken -- the door wouldn't close all the way and thus the unit couldn't keep anything cold. Not a huge problem -- if it were taken care of in a timely fashion. What happened next blew my mind. We allerted the fellow who'd brought our bags up to the problem. He assured us he'd notify the engineer and that he'd be right up to fix it. Cut to next morning: No engineer. We wanted to throw some food and beers in the fridge, but no dice, still broken. I call the front desk and they say sorry, they'll send someone right up. We leave for a few hours to do some business, come back, fridge is still broken. I go down to the front desk, complain, she says she'll send someone right up. Several hours later no one has showed up. I call and ask to speak to a manager. Which manager? Hotel manager. I'm transfered to another number where no one answers, then bounced back to the operator. I tell her I've been trying now for over 24 hours to get this simple thing fixed and why isn't it fixed? She says she'll send a manager right up. An hour and a half go by and no one shows. I'm about to punch somebody, so I go to the gym while my girlfriend goes down to try talking to someone. The engineer happens to be right there, says no one has even told him about the problem and he heasn't heard anything about it on the radio. So who's lying? someone clearly is. The engineer comes right up and fixes the problem, but no manager ever returned my calls to apologize for the delay, and I still have no idea why our complaints were brazenly ignored for more than a day!	
Jun 15 2005 	Overrated Trendy Hotel with Poor Air-Conditioning and Poor Service	This is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in -- at $500 per night I certainly would have expected more. All of the four-star hotels in New York where I usually stay were booked solid. Seeing that this hotel carries a rating of four stars, I thought that it would be a safe bet. I thus encouraged my colleague to stay here as well. What a mistake. The air-conditioning in the guest rooms is clearly inadequate. The air-conditioning in my room cannot cool the room during the day to cooler than 75 degrees. My colleague's room offers the same experience. The walls are very thin; I can hear everything from the adjacent guest room. I'm sure that the people in the adjacent guest room can hear everything in mine. This hotel seems to be full of people desperate to feel part of the &quot;in&quot; crowd. It is ridiculously pretentious. If the air-conditioning worked decently, I could tolerate it. I recommend this hotel for singles who want to perceive themselves as &quot;trendy.&quot; You can live out a fantasy here. But anyone on a business trip should avoid this hotel. Wireless Internet access is very poor from the guest rooms. You'll definitely need an Ethernet cable. I find that the access is very slow. I'm thoroughly disappointed in this hotel. I plan on never staying here again. If you are desperate to fantasize yourself as being &quot;trendy,&quot; this hotel is for you.	
Jun 13 2005	Amazing Hotel ! V V Trendy !!	We stayed for a 2 night stay arriving on the 8th of June....walking in to the lobby for the first time was something else !!A photoshoot was underway.....we checked in and were upgraded to a Gansevoort Suite (always a good start to any hotel stay !)The room was fantastic...2 balconys...and an ideal way to watch the world go by in the MeatPacking District.I would agree with previous reviews that the noise in the middle of the night was loud (due to all the bars and clubs locally) but as dedicated clubbers it did not bother us as we where in the thick of it !!The continental breakfast was way below the standards set in the rest of the hotel.DO stay at the Gansevoort if you want to stay in a trendy, luxury hotel..DONT stay if you want to do all the tourist sites (e.g. empire state, etc) this is not what the area is about !!Lastly, a mention to Nick (the concierge) who was excellent on making reservations and getting us on club guest lists....a real star !!We'll be back !!	
Jun 2 2005	Always use the safe!!!	Just returned from a long weekend in New York City with my sister. We stayed in the Meat packing district at a new hip hotel called the Gansevoort. The hotel is modern and nicely appointed. The staff was attentive and professional. We were upgraded from our original room b/c my sister had requested a king bed originally so that was a definite plus.The trip turned sour after arriving back to our room after dinner and drinks out for the evening. I had been shopping during the day and had brought my digital camera along and had left it in the shopping bag with a couple gifts for my friends and some skin care lotion I bought at a spa that day. The one night that I didn't have the camera in the safe and the one night that they decided to come do turn-down we returned to find my shopping bag gone!!! I called the front desk to report what had happenend and they transfered me to security. I had to keep asking the front desk if they had found out any information about what happened to my items. It is almost a week later and now they said they are going to talk to the housekeeper who was working the night that my items were stolen. They have been slow to do anything to resolve the issue and I think it is unacceptable.I am furious that any employee could come in and take something and get away with it. It also angers me that people are stealing in such a nice hotel! There is no way to protect yourself against having clothing stolen or anything that won't fit into the safe!!!! I plan to keep after the hotel until I am reinbursed but it was a definite damper on my vacation. Needless to say we couldn't take any more pictures on the camera and won't be able to see the ones we took!!!!Wouldn't recommend the hotel b/c of this incident.	
May 16 2005	Would never return.....	I have just returned from a 4 day trip to NYC, I booked into the Gansevoort and hoped that it would be all I expected for over $500 per night....I was wrong...!On arrival the receptionist was rude and didnt listen to what I was saying...I then arrived in my room - I had booked a room with a Hudson view, this was not what I got...!I called down to reception to try and get this cleared up, there was nothing they were willling to do...and I was told that I would have to be happy with what I had...!I then called to get an adaptor as mine didnt seem to be working, I was told 5 or 6 times that someone was on their way up ith one....this didnt happen until 9pm that night...! (I checked in at 3pm!!)This made me wonder what 'excellent' service I was to recieve in the following days..!!I then made it up to the pool - which was lovely, (the area and hotel itself was lovely, it was the rude and unhelpful staff that they need to be rid of...!)It was advertised that breakfast was served between 7-11am - I would say turning up anytime after 10am to expect an evil look from all staff...and expect a small snack if anything...no big breakfast here I am afraid...They advertise that each night - the beds are turned down and your ice bucket is filled - this never happened.Our total bill for 3 nights came to just over $1700 and a total charge of over $2200 was taken from my cridet card - although I demanded an explination for this - I didnt get one, or an apology, just a refund to my card which takes over 7 days..!All in all - I would say that if they emptied this hotel of its rude, prejudging staff and got some decent customer service they could be onto a winner - however as it stands - I would never return.	
May 12 2005	Loved It!!!	The Hotel Gansevoort is the newest, hippest place in town. What a fabulous place to be. The room decor is sleek and modern, but not too trendy. Everyone would feel comfortable here. The staff is friendly and courteous. I loved the roof top pool and lounge area. This place is going to be the place all summer long.	
May 10 2005	The Best Location!	I rely on these reviews and I'm astonished that no one mentioned the noise factor for this hotel. My son lives near this hotel which prompted me to stay here but as much as I loved the location I won't return because the noise at 4 AM was deafening. The honking of the cab horns and the roudy crowd made it impossible to sleep. When I complained to the front desk I was told it's a problem that they are trying to address but have not been able to control. Such a shame that the staff and all it's efforts were overshadowed by this all too important flaw.	
May 5 2005	Truly outstanding hotel	Just got back from a weekend tryst with my wife. She chose the hotel and boy what a great pick. The location is ideal for a night on the town. The deluxe room we had on the 10th floor was perfect. The room was tastefully decorated and not too small. The service was exceptional. The only downer was the attatched restaurant. Food was good but the service was horrendous. Can't wait to go back for our next tryst.	
May 2 2005	Trendy Luxury Hotel in NYC	Had the pleasure of staying at The Hotel Gansevoort back in February for 1 night. I now wish I was able to spend a few nights there, but now will certainly return. From the oversized guest rooms, to the rooftop pool and bar, to the amazing restaurant in house, which is called ONO this was the place to stay when in NYC. Service could not have been better as everyone from the front desk to the concierge was very helpful. Hands down the best new hotel in NYC.	
May 1 2005	Perfect hotel - great location	The hotel was exactly how I imagined ... very design, the room was perfect, big size, great view, very clean, nice bathroom. The location is very trendy and only 30 minutes walking distance from Nolita and Soho. and of course you have the lovely restaurant Pastis vis-à-vis... best hamburger and french fries!!! The only thing which really disappointed me was that the pool was closed the 3 days I stayed there. The staff was Ok (maybe too cool), the breakfast is not the best, the 2 bars are crowded with beautiful people. Didn't try the ONO restaurant, but looked good. Would definitly return because of location and accommodation	
Apr 27 2005 	NYC Best in Show	Just left the Gansevoort yesterday, stayed in a Grand Deluxe room and loved every second of it. I was in town for the Tribeca Film Festival, and top honors for this trip go to the Gansevoort. The service was outstanding, possibly the best I have ever had. Eat your heart out Four Seasons, the staff was laid back and professional at the same time. Looking forward to coming back real soon, it's my new NYC home.	
Apr 25 2005	Love the Hotel Gansevoort	The Hotel Gansevoort is the perfect hotel, very trendy and is in a perfect location in the Meat Packing district. There is something for everyone in walking distance the hottest stores, bars, lounges, and restaurants right at your finger tips. The food in room service, and Ono is awesome. Not to mention a great bar on the roof, with an awesome pool. The mini bar is stocked with the cutest amenities and the staff is friendly and courteous. The staff is fully committed to providing exceptional service and making your experience the best possible. This full service hotel is so refreshing and much needed in NYC.	
Apr 20 2005	Awesome Location	Whether you are staying at the hotel with or without your family, the hotel is located in a great part of NYC. Convenient to excellent restaurants and clubs, it's perfect for those wanting that fun night out in the city and all within walking distance. ONO, the restaurant located on the property, had a great ambience and fresh food. The rooftop bar is a great place to hang out and have cocktails if you don't feel like going out. Traveling w/my family worked out well because the hotel is pet-friendly and the neighborhood is too! My 2-year old had a blast because of the roof top pool as well as the easy walk to local playgrounds. We would definitely visit again!	
Apr 5 2005	Hotel Gansevoort hottest place to stay	The silver grey imposing building in New York's meat packing district is a little enclave of European sophistication in an area which has fast become THE place to stay in New York.Now that ONO the Japanese restaurant is open the hotel is complete (although they are opening a Spa later in the year). The signature dish to have has to be the crab and caviar pizza which I know sounds an odd idea but it melts in your mouth and is beautifully presented.The service was sublime and the atmosphere really buzzing as soon as the doors opened in the early evening.The Gansevoort offers 5 star luxury with a touch of contemporary style which is attracting a very ecclectic crowd. ( I saw Lyndsey Lohan in the lobby....).Concierge Jean-Francois has connections everywhere and was fantastic at securing tables for me and my gang wherever we wanted to go. Spice Market, Balthazar, etc.The Gansevoort has a lot going for it. The hottest location in town, great views over the river, a roof top pool and bar, new Japanese restaurant and atmospheric bar and welcoming helpful staff. The rooms are VERY comfortable with all the usual facilities we expect in 5 star modern hotels and a few quirky extras too like the stuffed toy goose on the bed which when you squeeze it makes goose sounds, very funny!If you like Chelsea and being in the middle of a happening restaurant and bar scene then The Gansevoort has to be for you. You might have to fight your way through Leonardo Di Caprio and his entourage but trust me it'll be worth it!.	
Apr 4 2005	Loved the rooftop	Hotel is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! My girlfriends and I had a great time. Lots of celebrities in/out of hotel during stay. Very hip and chic. Only hotel i will stay in from now on when visiting the big apple. I highly recommend.	
Apr 4 2005	Loved the Hotel Gansevoort	Love the hotel and the location. It has great service and the concierge was marvelous!!! They arranged all my events for my birthday weekend and gave great suggestions. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
Apr 4 2005	Best Place to Stay in Manhattan. Period.	This hotel by far overshadows any other place to stay. Not only is it located in the hottest area in Manhattan, but it features an AMAZING restaurant, Ono. I have been visiting this hotel since before it was quite finished, and the place is unbelievable. The hotel is brand new and modern, you feel as if you've stepped onto South Beach. Let's not forget the rooftop pool and bar- who can beat that!? Definitely recommend this place, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Apr 1 2005	Fabulous time at the Gaansvoort	My husband and I stayed at the Gaansvoort recently. We were greeted by a very friendly and enthusiatic woman who took our bags from the car and helped us check in. All through our stay, our needs were met. The location was phenomenal and the view from our room was spectacular overlooking the Hudson River.I highly reccommend this hotel.Thank YOu	
Apr 1 2005	Great rooftop!	One of the best rooftops in NYC...and a great scene too! Love the pool during the summer. Definitely one of the hippest hotels in NYC.	
Mar 30 2005 	Oooohhhhh My G-D!	I was entirely impressed with the food, service, and staff. A perfect hotel location with great restaurants and entertainment at your feet or on the rooftop. Amazing decor and good size rooms.	
Mar 22 2005	Fun in New York	Stayed at the Gansevoort recently. Smooth and welcoming check in. Although this is a relatively new hotel, the staff have been well trained mostly at the Bryant Park Hotel, and it shows. I used the Concierge, Joyce, who had an encyclopedic knowledge of New York and was a pleasure to deal with. The only reservation that I may have is that it lacks an interesting bar for anyone over the age of 30 as the top floor bar is mostly full of young ones cruising on the weekend. The rooms, not large for NY standards, are well appointed with flat screen TV and great views over the city (ask for a Hudson view room). The beds are spacious and equal to the best. The bathrooms again are a decent size and very clean with a great shower.Don't forget that this hotel is well positioned for some of the best of NY's nightlife too and one of the only ones with a rooftop pool!	
Feb 24 2005	Haven in Meatpacking District	Just got home from 4 nights at the hotel in a Grand Deluxe room. Loved it. Lovely room, sitting area with huge bay window, great lighting, very peaceful. The bed was without question the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever experienced. The bathroom was great, plenty of counter/drawer space, great water pressure. Great service/staff overall.Cons - lack of drawer space (more than we needed in the bathroom, less than we needed outside of the bathroom). Heat controls did not work and weren't fixed properly during our stay.	
Feb 16 2005	One of the best...	Hi, Stayed here for my visit to Christo's &quot;The Gates&quot; at Central Park. Heard a lot of good things about the Gansevoort, and had dinner in ONO before. For this once, let me start by sharing the &quot;negative&quot; points as to high-light that everything else is positive...When entering our &quot;grand deluxe&quot; non-smoking room, clearly recently someone had been smoking in the room. The bell man was very cooperative etc, and in the end front desk excused as they couldn't switch us to another room due to fully-booked, but promised a special air cleaning machine. That machine never did arrive, and I don't like it when you don't deliver what you promise. Next: when you go for breakfast, the heating system on the mezzanine level is so insane (HOT HOT HOT); both my girlfriend and I ended up every morning with severe headache due to the exposure to really abnormal temperatures... Breakfast was included; staff was not to friendly and especially not trained. Breakfast itself was pretty OK; though some basic toast was not possible as not included in continental breakfast. Advise: if breakfast is not complimentary, take it outside the hotel.NOW, it's clear that everything else was OK-OK-OK. Amazing was the friendliness of the staff; really atypical for New York. The room was spacious and very clean; the bathroom was lovely, with ongoing supply of bodymilk, shampoo, etc etc. The hotel attracts some really *cool* people, and not ot forget: ONO, the restaurant, is TOP! You really have to check it out.To conclude: I stayed at a lot of hotels in NYC in the past, and the Gansevoort ends up in my top-3. Excellent value for money.	
Feb 8 2005	The Gansevoort is the best	I have stayed there numerous times. The hotel is the hot-est in New York. The hotel facilities and staff are outrageous. The pool on the roof is awesome. The bars are unbelievable. The new restaurant Ono is the new NOBU.  It's in the meatpacking district and it is the one place you really need to stay. 	
Feb 4 2005	We'll go back!	Our son lives in NY (with no room for us) and we just got back from a visit, staying two nights at the Gansevoort. It was great! We booked it through Quikbook.com and got a slightly cheaper rate for a Superior (read basic) room plus breakfast. Upon arrival, we asked if there were any rooms available for a free upgrade, and by waiting for a few extra hours (no problem, plenty to do around there and lobby is very comfy), we got a Deluxe room instead...still got the breakfasts and now a nice sitting area, kingsized bed, cityscape view and larger room. Staff were great, not snotty at all, couldn't help enough. First night our in-room movies weren't working, something to do with computer downstairs, and they did not give up till it was put right! (We weren't that bothered.) I am not a &quot;contemporary&quot; style decorator but the decor was sleek, modern and comfortable. It was even somewhat warm , especially in the lobby, possibly because of the use of flowers and soft fabrics, red leather, etc. Very comfy bed, great shower, lighting, and CLEAN (my biggest &quot;thing&quot;). Of course it was on the upside costwise, but when you have paid a bit for a room, it is nice to leave not feeling ripped off..instead we felt we had got what we had paid for. Hey, it's Manhattan, and one of the nicest parts of Manhattan at that!	
Jan 27 2005 	I'd stay here again	This is a brand spankin' new hotel in the trendy Meatpacking District. While the building is a bit of an eyesore for the historic neighborhood (the facade is illuminated by hot pink flood lights), the rooms are spacious, very clean and have great views in all directions. And it's downtown!The Good Stuff:* Wonderful (and free) continental breakfast in the hotel restaurant mezzanine. Fresh berries in the dead of winter, yogurt, granola, tea.I never eat free hotel breakfasts but this one I attended everyday.* Great Japanese restaurant in the hotel for dinner and a cool rooftop bar.* Pool! I didn't get to use it January but nice for the summer months. And a soon to open spa.* Free internet access in the lobby.* Nice, helpful staff, no attitude. * Great neighborhood with lots of shopping and restaurants (both trendy and neighborhoody).* Quiet - not a lot of street noise to keep you awake. * Soft sheets, lots of hot water, full length mirror, flat screen tv and a big closet.* Easy to catch a cab (and easy to get dropped off in one, unlike the Soho and Tribeca Grands), subway is also pretty close.Minor kinks that hopefully the management will work out:* Housekeeping hours were erratic. (10:30 pm turn down service and 8 am cleaning were not especially convenient)* Lobby was freezing (granted it was 5 degrees out when I was there but most hotels have a double set of doors to keep the cold air outside where it belongs) * Bottles of water left on the nightstand which appeared to be complimentary (as they are at the Soho and the Peninsula) actually cost $9 each. Not a nice surprise when checking out. They should indicate that these are part of the minibar.When I return to NYC, I will be staying here, it's a fantastic hotel. Not perfect, but I believe they will get there.	
Jan 27 2005	Fantastic Gansevoort	If high-tech, minimalist hotel style is your preference than look no further than the Hotel Gansevoort. We stayed for 3 nights from 20th - 23rd January 2005 for my 30th birthday and it is the best city hotel we have ever visited. The hotel has a great location in the more relaxing and very hip meatpacking district of the city with all the best bars and restaurants on your doorstep. We stayed in a suite which had great decor and was very large by New York standards. The room door opened into the lounge area with a huge wall mounted LG flat screen TV together with sound system and a balcony with a great view of the surrounding neighbourhood. The lounge led onto a corridor with a very impressively equipped bar cabinet on the right and spacious grey slate tiled bathroom on the left that had gorgeous sink, tap and shower fixtures. Through the corridor was the bedroom with the most comfortable King size bed ever and another LG flat screen, then a further balcony with an amazing view of the Hudson River. The in room dining was top class, (please try the Eggs Benedict or French toast for breakfast) and the public areas, the lobby, rooftop pool and plunge bar particularly impressive. To top it all the staff were courteous and professional, we cannot wait to go back!	
Jan 26 2005	Great hotel chic style and comfort all in one...	Stayed 3 night, great hotel !Was upgraded to a Grand Deluxe room with a great view of the river... the rooms are quite large for NYC standards, amazing bed, all brand new, well equipped with great amenities...The service of the stuff was outstanding, from front desk to bell boys and concierge, all wiling to help with a smile... hard to find in many NYC hotels...Not cheap but very recommended if you have the $$$ ...I will be back there again soon...	
Dec 7 2004	Very Impressed	Spent 5 nights in Grand Deluxe room with a great view of the river and surrounding area. Room was large and very comfortable with excellent bathroom and amenities. Service was professional and downtown location was great. Hotel is within walking distance of some great restaurants and bars. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 29 2004	Terrific experience	We stayed one night at the Gansevoort. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room modern and beautiful, nice bathroom and robes, enjoyed the turndown service and a great location right across the street from Pastis and Spice Market. The bed was incredibly comfortable with nice linens and a featherbed. The complimentary continental breakfast was a nice touch although the mini-muffins and croissants were really tiny and you couldn't really take more than 2 with the cocktail napkins provided. There isn't much of a gym yet (it's basically some equipment in 3 adjacent rooms). All in all, a very positive experience and we would definitely go back.	
Nov 15 2004	loved it	my room was huge compared to NYC standards, stayed for 2 days, loved the look of the room, my sony cd player in the room came in handy, the plasma screens, the big bathrooms, the lounge on the roof. Room service was great, rooms had great perks, I wish I could have stayed longer, it was a nice hotel, the staff was very friendly. It is a party hotel, right in the meat packing district. I will stay here again, the best I have stayed in NYC.	
Oct 24 2004	Recommending Hotel Gansevoort	We stayed four nights 14th -18th October. Initial impression was very disappointing as our room was tiny. We were given the upgrade I asked for the next day as they were full the first night. Our new room which looked of average size on the plan was excellent -very hip- and by New York standards large. The bed was the most comfortable ever, and I wouldn't normally rave about a bathrobe, but then I have never been provided with such a gorgeous robe. The complimentary breakfast served on the roof terrace was very good. The nightclub on the roof terrace was well controlled and there was no noise. One niggle is that there is no ice machine in the hotel and the tiny - but trendy!!!- ice bowl is filled when the turn -down service happens - which could be anytime between 4pm and 9.30pm!! Othewise it is room service with a $3 charge plus tax and tip! However, cold beer and wine is available close by.The area around is great - lively at night with plenty of choice of bars/eating places. One place not to eat at is the nearby Paradou in Little West 12th Street where the food was truly awful.	
Oct 14 2004	Great visit to the Big Apple	It was a great hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff was helpful and courteous. We were travelling with two young children and they were made to feel quite at home for our weekend stay. Check in was quick and room was very comfortable. Hotel is very close, 2 blocks from the nearest subway which made travelling around the city quite easy. Neighborhood gets a little noisy and lively at night, but it is the city that never sleeps. Overall a wonderful experience, would gladly stay there again. If only they put little chocolates on your pillow when they turned down your bed it would be a complete fantasy getaway.	
Oct 5 2004	Our compliments	We simply must take the opportunity to thank Hotel Gansevoort for a most pleasant stay on the way to GB. Our only regret was that it was too short. Our compliments to the atmosphere of the hotel, the service and .... well everything was perfect. We have never stayed in a hotel so clean, so neat, so personal. Needless to say, our expectations at the London hotel was quite high. They were not even close to your standard. We hope to be visisting New York again sometime and we can think of no other place to stay than the Gansevoort. Meanwhile we will recommend your hotel to friends and colleauges.	
Sep 22 2004	What is all the fuss about?	I have stayed at numerous &quot;trendy&quot; hotels in New York City including the W's and the Hudson and I'm always looking for something unique. Unfortunately the Gansevoort is not it. It's the same old modern, minimalist decor, small rooms, and tragically hip 20-somethings parading around hoping to spot celebrities. Although the staff was pleasant and the decor quite beautiful, there is absolutely nothing to distinguish this hotel from the others. And the &quot;bar&quot; on the hotel roof is more frat party than cool lounge. My friends and I were quite disappointed. I am now cured of my hip hotel leanings.	
Aug 27 2004	Hottest hotel in the hottest area of the city!	The hottest of hot scenes in the best location in the city! From the time I checked in, to the great rooftop bar, outstanding rooms with a view and very solid, courteous service, this hotel was a pleasure to find in NY, where often you get much more style than substance...Despite the great location and popularity of the property, the Gansevoort has managed to maintain and deliver great and courteous service, which is always welcome when you're away from home! I would definnitely recommend this hotel!	
Aug 21 2004	Rocky start at the hotel Gansevoort		
Jul 29 2004	Nice hotel nice people		
Jul 20 2004	Cool New Property Snobby Staff and Security		
Jun 9 2004	Great Location great views great service		
May 20 2004 	this hotel is not ready for guests		
May 20 2004	Don't Stay Here		
May 8 2004	Not a good value		
Apr 30 2004	Ask for a view!		
Apr 6 2004	Great hotel and a great location		
Dec 16 2003	Best of New York Hotels to be launched		
Nov 24 2009 	????????????????		
Aug 24 2009 	très branché très bien placé mais très bruyant la nuit !		
Jun 28 2009 	Absolutes No Go		
Mar 22 2009	Stylisches Stadthotel		
Jun 5 2008 	Sex and the City		
May 15 2008 	5 Sterne Lage - 3 Sterne Service		
Oct 31 2007 	Abzocker		
