	Big clean room reasonable price and the most comfortable bed	I stayed here with my 8-year-old while visiting family. The room was much larger and cheaper than other NYC hotels in which we have stayed. It's old in an elegant way. There is room to move around, and everything is in its place. My son kept talking about the soft bed for the rest of our trip. He didn't want to leave, and he complained when we had to switch hotels later in the week. The next hotel was much smaller and more expensive. The Roger Smith was clean, and the sheets and towels were new. We'll book ahead next time to stay here. It's close to Grand Central train station.	
	Great location staff restaurant and elegant room!	It’s more than location, location, location (mid-town, east-side New York). The Roger Smith also has a reliable, warm-hearted, responsive, professional staff. We tested its sports bar and were pleased by the appetizers (including smoked fish) and entrée (wild mushroom risotto) and dessert (apple tart á la mode and brownies á la mode, perfect for splitting and sharing). We also tested its restaurant at breakfast and were pleased with the extra touches of raisins and brown sugar to accompany our oatmeal.We needed to stay in a room with equipment for a disabled person and were impressed with the junior suite’s elegance and perfection. This included a sofa with easy chairs and two flat screen TVs, one a big one in the living area, with a handy mini-kitchen-in-a-French Provincial free standing closet with a refrigerator, microwave, white china and coffee and tea amenities. The plants—imagine this—are all alive and healthy and the books in the reading nook are well dusted and appealing. All you need to Wi-Fi is a password. The bedroom was comfortable, too, with its king sized bed and comforter—also with a small flat screen TV. The bathroom was bigger than most New York bedrooms, with a glass-walled marble shower that could accommodate a roll-wheelchair. We had unfailingly courteous attention from the staff that even rounded up an extra wheelchair for us to use, Kucuk G. Bag, the front office manager has an outstanding crew. We look forward to returning!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel really nice staff and central location	This hotel has a real homely feel, all the rooms seem to be decorated differently, they're all unique and very comfortable.The beds are really comfy.The staff are really friendly and helpful, we had breakfast each day at Lily's - this was really good and again the staff are really accomodating, very nice food.We also took part in a 4 mile run in central park that the hotel sends a team to take part in.It's all for charity and it's a really nice thing to be a part of if you're there when a run is taking place. You can run for the Roger Smith running team.	
Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful Midtown Boutique Hotel	RS is a charming midtown hotel with unique accents that make each room unique. Rooms are clean, comfortable and surprisingly spacious. The staff was friendly and attentive without overwhelming. An excellent value.Breakfast was pricey, but there are good alternatives within a short walk.	
Nov 21 2009 	Roger Smith is homey and a great escape from the bustling city.	The Roger Smith hotel takes pride in it’s service. From the point you check in to the moment you leave they always make you feel welcome. The room I stayed in was like no other Hotel room I had ever been in. As someone who really dislikes the city, escaping to my room was a real treat. The room had a wonderful big comfy bed and a really homey feel more reticent of a Bed and Breakfast in Maine than a production hotel room at the local Holiday Inn. From what I understand all of the rooms are unique and no two are alike. So much for a branded standardized experience huh? I want to come back just to see what the next room will be like!	
Nov 20 2009 	Home Away From Home	I had the pleasure of staying at The Roger Smith Hotel in mid-town Manhattan this week, and it truly felt like it was home away from home, albeit with a better bar! I was traveling for business and found the location to be very convenient to all of the locations I had to visit. The welcome was warm, my room was large and very clean, and the food was wonderful, both in the full-service restaurant, Lily's, and at three catered events I attended within the hotel.I would describe The Roger Smith as a boutique hotel without an ounce of pretension. Each day when I arrived back at the hotel, I found the lobby staff welcoming and attentive, the bar and restaurant lively and pleasantly full, and my room always quiet and peaceful. Lily's is a favorite destination for dining, socializing and business meetings for local business people and residents too - a sure sign of excellence when the neighbors are patrons.This was my first stay at the Roger Smith, and I can guarantee it will not be my last. I had recommended the hotel before I even stayed there myself on the strength of the recommendations of friends, and my stay lived up to and exceeded all of my expectations.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great old hotel that had good service and large clean rooms.	I was the winning bidder on two nights at this hotel at a charity auction and knew that at some point, I'd be in need of staying over for buisness in NYC. With a dinner and holiday party back to back, this was a perfect spot to be in. Walked to work in the morning and back after the evening functions. Although the &quot;sounds of NY&quot; are about you, I had no trouble falling asleep in the comfy bed. The room was like a small apartment complete with a little kitchenette area. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Breakfast at Lilly's was also very good. I'd definately stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good value hotel uncommon in NYC.	If you get a room on a high floor which has been remodeled, this is an excellent hotel for the money. We were referred here and have stayed twice, and they have been very pleasant and kind. Comfortable, old-NY hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	The Roger Smith has HUGE rooms and great service!	I love the size of the rooms, hence the title of my review, at The Roger Smith. It is centrally located - close to a subway station - and one of the classier places in town that is still reasonably priced. The hotel staff is always friendly and accomodating - especially Sophy at the front desk. I've heard her speak at least four different languages to guests!Stay here! I recommend it!	
Nov 17 2009	The food is dreamy!	My daughter and I had a short break in New York as a celebration of her 30th birthday.We stumbled upon the Roger Smith Hotel one evening and decided to have a drink in the bar.We felt really relaxed and comfortable and decided to eat in the restaurant.The food is amazing - we had the tenderloin and it was the best we have ever tasted - cooked to perfection.The restaurant manager - Jamiel - chatted to us - he is very charming! On learning why we were visiting the city he insisted on us having a complimentary desert and suggested the delicious creme brulee' made with sweet pumpkin. WELL, it was the dreamiest thing we have ever tasted! if you go there for food, you must have it.Although we weren't staying in the hotel, we felt we were treated in a special way. It was my 4th time in NY and I had never noticed the Hotel before but I know where I'll be going for dinner next visit!!	
Nov 13 2009 	A Hidden Treasure	Every now and again we each find a true gem in life. I was fortunate enough to have found one a few months ago in midtown Manhattan. Located in the most central and convienant of locations in the city is a small boutique hotel, The Roger Smith Hotel, staffed by the most amazing, caring and wonderful people in New York City. Not only have they embraced me, but now, my entire family (we have all stayed at various times and our visits are many, now) and the first few of many dear friends that I will personally recommend to this gem. I know I am not alone in my praise, for often in the elevator, or the lobby other guests have remarked at how wonderful the staff has made them feel. Each room and suite has a character of its own and while not all are absolutely perfect, any flaws are more than made up by the friendliness and competance of the excellent staff and the convenience of the location. If you want to feel part of a family, special and welcomed by the best New York has to offer you will hurry to make a reservation at this truly remarkable hotel. My many thanks: Kucuk, Randy, Mani, Sophy, Gemma, Rafael, Deforest, Vicenc, a wonderful house keeping staff and, please, forgive me, to those few I haven't mentioned by name, you are equally wonderful. Last, but not least, is the excellance of the food and service at the &quot;in house&quot; bar and restaurant Lily's. Again, my thanks to all the staff there, including, but not limited to Ramon, Mark and Yamile. Each and every stay has been a pleasure!! Thank you, from Williamsburg, VA!!	
Nov 6 2009 	Always Perfection...	Ahhh.. there is no better place to stay. For a great location, comfort, coziness, good food.. etc. This is a boutique hotel with lots of personality. It is old and has it's little quirks, BUT it has spacious rooms, it's clean, the beds and pillows are super SUPER comfortable (so comfy I checked to see what matresses they were using) , very homey, has comfortable charm, lots of real books to peruse in each room, cool art and antiques. A caring staff... It's like having your very own apartment in NYC. A home away from home. I recommend this hotel 1000%	
Nov 2 2009 	Can't wait for our next stay at the Roger Smith!!	We love the Roger Smith! The rooms are homey and very comfortablle and the location is amazing but what really sets the Roger Smith apart is the friendly and efficient staff. This recent stay was our fourth visit and we are already making plans to visit again!!	
Oct 28 2009 	You simply cannot beat the value and location.	The staff was fantastic, the service was second to none, the location was perfect, I travel to NY often on business and usually stay at Hilton at double the price. You simply cannot beat the value and location.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location nice rooms very friendly staff good offer by direct call.	Wonderful big rooms and very friendly staff make your stay comfortable. Needless to say that the location near Madison Avenue and Grand Central is fantastic. The prices offered were by a call directly from the Hotel Lobby to the Reservation Service were very good, the normal rate though is a bit expensive for an ordinary traveler... The atmosphere is very friendly and nice restaurants are around, at night it is quiet and you find a good and relaxing sleep. If you have a chance, just go there and try yourself.	
Oct 26 2009 	Very nice hotel with a fantastic staff	The Roger Smith hotel has a great location, very nice accomodations, and best of all a great staff. The staff including Kucuk Bag, Rafeal, Manny, Randy, and Mark were excellent. They all made us feel right at home..	
Oct 20 2009 	Amazing Location	We stayed at the Roger Smith for 4 nights during our 1 year anniversary. First off, the staff are fantastic and extremely helpful. The building is older and so are the rooms, but they were very comfortable and the cleaning staff cleaned our room every day. Honestly if you are going to New York for the first time and you are following a budget this is by far the best hotel in the city. Plus the LOCATION is unbelievable for the price you pay...5 mins max. to Grand Central Station, 15 mins max. to Times Square. Subway is on 51st street 4 blocks away. There are hundreds of coffee shops, eateries and anything you could think of around it. Another great asset is the fact that they offer free computers in the lobby so you can check e-mails and what not, also their tourist nook is great. Its in the lobby and has hundreds of maps and flyers for anyone not familiar with the city.We would definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Funky comfortable quality!	We had a week in NYC as our son's choir performed at Carnegie Hall. The Roger Smith corner junior suite was spacious and comfortable, and had a flair of originality that the chains never provide. It was perfect for us as my elderly aunt came in from Staten Island and used the sofa bed for one night, and our son joined us after the group left...and we weren't charged &quot;per person&quot; fees like so many other hotels in NYC. The original art and sculpture in the lobby give it a very artsy feel--and Joel (our son) said he much preferred it to the steel and glass Grand Hyatt down the street! It's an easy walk to Grand Central or to 51st/Lexington Ave, and from there, to the rest of the city. Even though it's right on Lexington Avenue, it really wasn't too loud. The TV needs updating, but they see that as part of their charm. And, the bathroom is miniscule, but functional. Despite that, we'd stay there again. The older, but nicely appointed room made us feel at home, and the iMacs in the lobby were the frosting on the cake. Check it out!	
Oct 8 2009 	beautiful hotel great service great location GREAT value!	The location of this place is wonderful - right in the middle of NYC - makes it convenient to go anywhere you'd like. Grand Central was walking distance, or even 2 bus stops down the street if you're too lazy to walk. The service and staff were exceptional! They were courteous, very prompt, and made much efforts to make sure our stay was nice.Definitely a GO-BACK! :)	
Oct 2 2009 	good value for the money	normally go to this hotel when travelling on a budget is the less expensive hotel we can get with a superb location and a big clean roomdecor is very classic which i personally hate but thats me (old tv and bathroom,plenty of flowers at courtains etc)anyway when in NYC i really spend very little time in my room so a good bed and a clean bath and room is a must and this hotel performsits an old property very well mantained and located if you get a good price just go for it you cannot go wrong2 apple computers at the lobby for free good and spanish speaker front desk clerksa lot of value here good 3 stars hotel	
Oct 1 2009 	Value and comfort can be found here	This is not the Ritz Carton, but for NYC, it's an excellent hotel with great values. The rooms are large (including bathroom), clean. The location can't be beat at 47th and Lexington. You can walk to 5th Ave shopping or get on the subway which is a few blocks away. This hotel has always had much better prices than anywhere else. This past stay, the prices were about 60% of what everyone else was charging.	
Oct 1 2009 	Front desk guy called Randy that I dealt with on check in treated me with absolutely no respect or civility.	This hotel was okay, it was a decent size for NYC and the room was clean. The AC was loud and the room a little musty, but overall it was alright. What totally put me off was the complete rudeness of the man called Randy that checked me in. I was absolutely in shock and if Manhattan was not so busy last weekend I would have walked right out of that hotel and gone somewhere else. I am still amazed at the way I was spoken to and dealt with in a place that I was spending in excess of 300 USD per night. The owner of this hotel should really have a word with this guy who was an absolute pig. Its a shame really as the other staff were pretty nice people.	
Sep 18 2009 	Suite rooms are perfect for longer stays and/or groups	5 of us recently stayed here booking a king suite and a jnr suite for 9 nights. The King suite has so much space it became our 'base camp' for the stay - the place to rendezvous each morning and to have pre dinner drinks each evening (we kept the bar fridge well stocked with our own beers etc). The single room is very small - but with so much living space it really wasn't a problem. Yes the decor is a little tired, but everything was spotlessly clean and you cannot beat the location if your looking for easy access to mid town sights. The free internet access in the lobby was another bonus (so many hotels only offer free wifi these days - not helpful if you left your laptop at home.) Would definitely stay here again if travelling with a group and / or on an extended trip (when living space becomes important!)	
Sep 14 2009 	Exceptional Value Fantastic Location 	We just returned from two nights at this hotel and can't say enough good things about it. We were lucky enough to be upgraded from a junior to a full suite, complete with a kitchenette - which came in handy for keeping a carton of milk and a couple packs of cereal for our early wakers. The beds were comfy, the room was well appointed, the staff was beyond friendly and helpful. We found the hotel breakfast menu less expensive than the diner next door and with much better interior decorations. The location was great, easy to walk to several different train lines, or north to the park, or west to Times Square. I don't think I'd check anywhere else for our next trip to the city.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good deal. Good deal. Good deal!	I found a room in Roger Smith hotel which is located on Lexington Avenue and about 47/48 St for just about $160 on hotels.com. For this price and for this location, it's an amazing deal! It's extremely rare that you'll find a room right in the midtown area for such a low price. The room wasn't small either. We booked a 2 queen beds room and we could walk comfortably without running into things. I also like the fact that there were two computers in the lobby for us guests to use. The bathroom was also pretty big for NYC standard. Though, there was one thing about my bed. It made noise when I twist and turn. I'm sure this doesn't happen to every room. Bottom line is, if you see a good deal at Roger Smith, go for it! Don't doubt that it's going to be bad just becuase it's cheap. It will worth the price!	
Sep 9 2009 	ok hotel but!!!!	Stayed at the Roger Smith for the last two nights of a 23 day road trip from San Fran to New York.Originally booked a twin room, but when we arrived we were upgraded to a suite which was nice and large if a little old on the decor side but we were pleased with the room- only problem was that there was a double bed and a sofa bed rather than two twins - not a problem for two guys roughing it.Location is good right by Grand Central station (10 min walk ), they also have free internet available in the reception.This all sounds so good and it is! The bad marks come after the trip! I checked my credit card bill on my return and had been charged $4 which wasn't pointed out to me at check out , in fact we were told that the account was clear! It was only $4 but that isn't the point I feel that has really let the place down especially since I have emailed the hotel to query it and as yet had no reply - deceitful and as I am out of the country I can't query and to be honest its not worth it - just imagine if they do this to every foreign tourist that stays there - it soon racks up. Just for the record we have'nt got a clue what the charge was for - we did'nt go near the mini bar or snacks available - so who knows!like I said its a decent place for NY so as long as you check your bill and credit card statements you'll be fine	
Sep 8 2009 	As the song says"You´re the Tops"	I was here for 12 days Oct/Nov 2008 with 10 family members and found this hotel so good with 2nd to none staff &amp; management that I returned again this year for 6days with my daughter and Grand-daughter.Once again full marks for GR8 all round value,GR8 location and friendly,helpfull staff..A big thankyou to you all for your kindnesses.HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ALL THIS EXCELLENTLY PRICED HOTEL IN A TOP MID TOWN MANHATTAN LOCATION .THANKYOU.	
Sep 7 2009 	"Nothing is perfect but this hotel came close."	For a NYC hotel room, it was enormous. Wonderful bedding. Nice big bathroom, fabulous bathroom amentities. Big windows, nice views. Maybe the decor would have been considered quaint by a Gen-X'er, but anyone over 45, or any woman, would appreciate it as gracious, restful, quiet and the perfect complement to the bustle of NYC. Good air-conditioning. Hotel elevators were fast, efficient, unlike elevators in many comparable hotels. No unanticipated charges on the bill. Asked for and received (though a tad grudgingly) a late check out, The hotel restaurant is fantastic--also rare for comparable hotels. The only criticism I have is that the radiator in the bathroom hadn't been dusted since it was last painted, if ever. Other than that, everything was nice and clean.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent location and value	My wife and I and our teenage daughter stayed for three nights in a room with two doubles which was spacious and had very comfortable beds. The staff were helpful and the location couldn't be faulted. It is gratifying that a room of this quality and at this price is still available in the centre of Manhattan.	
Aug 23 2009 	Nice hotel for a good price	Near Broadway and Central Park. Breakfast included. THe carpets are old and smell funny but it's ok. It's clean and the staff is nice.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely Surprise	My husband and I stayed at the Roger Smith for 5 nights in August. We were extremely surprised with everything, from the service, everyone was so nice, to the food and drinks at the restaurant and especially with the room. We reserved a superior queen room and when we arrived were upgraded to a one bedroom suite. We were always greeted with smiles from the concierge to the cleaning staff as well as the restaurant staff. The location was amazing, near all the major sights and close to Central Park and 5th Avenue. There's also close by subway stations to get to Soho, the Village or Battery Park. I lived in New York for five years and have the most wonderful memories of the city. Now, thanks to our great stay at the Roger Smith, I was able to show my husband, who had never been, why I love New York, Now he does too. We definitely recommend this hotel for those who want quality and comfort for great value and a cozy atmosphere.	
Jul 30 2009 	room for a family of 5	We really struggled to find many places to accomodate a family of 5 in New York - the Hotel ROger Smith was great - good location (you could see the Chrysler Building from outside the hotel) and really near fantastic Grand Central Station - awesome.We had a suite with a large en-suite double, a large living room with a sofa bed and a rollaway plus a little kitchen area and crucially lots of storage for pushchairs/luggage etc.It was nice and quiet, very friendly and find if you have kids (ours are 11, 8 and a very noisy 3 year old)	
Jul 20 2009 	Scruffy but comfortable central and a steal.	This hotel had very large rooms, but was decidedly shabby and dated. It was in the process of renovation, though, so may be better by now? It was clean as a new pin and the service excellent, and the location as central as it gets. Minutes to the Empire State, Grand Central and the Public Library. It would be ideal for a family, less so for romance. If you get a bargain, go for it - if not, don't. My rating is based on a steal for size, location and cleanliness.	
Jul 20 2009 	Bring earplugs	We live in the greater NYC area and have stayed at several hotels in the city, many in midtown. So we'd been very excited about staying at RSH as it looked like something more unique among NYC hotels; photos and reviews gave it an artistic air and class.Unfortunately, the building is not remotely suited for noise reduction and this is our biggest complaint. We stayed near the top of the hotel and heard car horns through the single-pane windows all night long. (This is not traditional of NYC hotels in midtown on the whole. We've stayed at several others, including one just 2 blocks away, where this was not a concern.) Also, the room doors are heavy and set in metal frames, so every time another hotel guest closes their door, its clang echoes through the walls.Too, the temperature control (2 &quot;wallbanger&quot; units) left something to be desired. (It was a high of 85 outside in the day, and I doubt the temperature dipped below 80 inside during the night.)The staff was kind enough. Visually, the room was fantastic - but upon use, the majority of lamps did not work, only one of the two TV's had cable (which was in the bedroom, and had a shoddy cable connection).My recommendations: Grab a few drinks in the bar on the ground floor (the drinks and bar staff were great), but don't stay over unless your goal is just having a place to take some cool facebook photos. It's pretty to look at, but it isn't practical. If you do stay over, and you intend to sleep, hit the Duane Reade across the street and pay $6 for some earplugs - but it's smarter to stay at one of the other comparable hotels in the area.	
Jul 10 2009 	Home away from home in the big city	As a New Yorker, I needed to stay at a hotel for almost a week. Friends had stayed at the Roger Smith and had good things to say about it. We booked at Jr Suite at $167/nite and upon checkin were upgraded (no idea why, but not complaining!). The walls of the lobby exhibit new artists on a rotating basis, and interesting sculptures grace the entry way. Our suite felt very &quot;homey&quot; in a classy way, with tasteful wallpaper, chinese vases for the lamps, large flat screen TV, ipod clock radio, dvd players on both TVs (inc one in bedroom) and good towels/soft sheets. Our suite also had a little closet with a kitchenettes setup that included some plates/glasses/mugs/microwave/small fridge with snacks ($) and utensils. The bed was huge and everything is clean. Service is great and our room was quiet as well. If i had to stay somewhere else besides my own apartment, I would stay here. In fact, I wonder if they're taking monthly leases?...	
Jul 8 2009 	What a cozy room!	I am in the middle of a five-night stay, but was motivated to write my review early. Check-in was smooth. The bellhop was courteous and gave a very helpful “lay of the land” regarding the area surrounding the hotel (restaurants, parking, etc.). The best part so far though was entering the suite on the first night. The room is wonderful! The décor is warm and cozy. It feels like a home away from home. I can relax in this room. You would think this kind of comfort would be costly, but the rates were better than the rates at the surrounding chain hotels and the atmosphere here is more personable.	
Jul 4 2009 	We can't wait to come back	The team certainly looked after us! The room was amazing, so much space! And we loved the quirky plug for the bath and the postal shoot. The breakfast team were on the ball and made us feel really welcome. Each day our breakfast lived up to our expectations and my particular favourite was the stack! We went to the Waldorf Astoria for afternoon tea and believe me when I tell you the service in your hotel was FAR SUPERIOR to the service we experienced there.It was also good to have free wi-fi, which is not something we are used to in the UK. We were able to check in on-line for our flight which made things easier at Newark	
Jun 25 2009 	Top Choice in NYC	I stayed at this hotel for one night in a quick trip with the family to NYC. We got a corner room on the 9th floor, it had a DVD player, LCD TV, book in many languages and a good beds. Conveniently located in midtown, walking distance to all the attractions. The Roger Smith Hotel will be my first choice next time I go to NYC.	
Jun 21 2009 	Blown Away!	I was nervous when I initially booked my night at the Roger Smith. The room was so inexpensive for such a great location, I expected the worst. Yet I can't say enough good things about the hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The room was adorable! There were so many unique touches (such as a live plant and a selection of books on the nightstand) that I felt right at home. Lily's, the restaurant in the hotel, had incredible food at a great price and also had wonderful customer service. I can't imagine ever staying anywhere else from now on!	
Jun 17 2009 	The Old Worn Shoe Needs Repair	After reading all the reviews, I decided that this would be a good option for a one-night business trip with a leisure component at a reasonable price. Thought it would be like well-worn pajamas or weekend clothes -- comfortable and clean -- but it was anything but. Ever hear the expression that says &quot;You get what you pay for?&quot; Well, even at this price, it was overpriced.On a scale from 1 being &quot;forget it&quot; to 10 being &quot;loved it&quot;, this would be a three (3). And only a three (3) because of the one positive aspect of this hotel -- the staff. Front desk staff were pleasant and helpful. Bell captain was the best. Housekeeping was nice albeit did not respond to a request until after the second call. That's where the positives end.Here's the scoop -- mold surrounding the air conditioning unit ... the peep hole was surely a peep hole -- you could see everything from the hallway *into* the room ... peeling paint, chips and scratches on the walls... the telephone button to call the front desk did not work ... the TV was terrible -- everything was cloudy and people had a lovely &quot;greenish&quot; hue ... the bathroom plug would not *hold* a hairdryer or anything else ... the light switches were dirty (and this included the bathroom) ... the bathroom was beyond worn and the surfaces were anything but clean ... the curtains were worthless in terms of darkening the room as you could see everything when the lights went out ... and the lights throughout the room precluded reading or, in the bathroom, makeup application.A few people stated that it was fine for one night. While hardly one who expected a five-star hotel, I would never stay again even for one night as there are other hotels in the same vicinity where -- for a few more dollars -- one could find a much cleaner and comfortable hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Recommended hotel in New York	The rooms are big and clean. The staff are more then helpful and the location is great. (Only 10 minutes from time square)Definitely the hotel I’ll take my wife to.	
Jun 11 2009 	Best value in the city	If you are lookign to get away from the usual standard hotel give this one a try. More of a boutique hotel in a great location nto far from Grand Central. Teh bst and most comfrotable room for tehprice in NYC. I always stay there adn based ont eh room they gave me thios time I will always ask for that room. newly updated bathrrom was terrific. Go for teh junior suite for a few extra dollars. Well worrth thje extra. Teh breakfast is also great.	
Jun 10 2009 	It doesn't get any better than this!	Outstanding. From start to finish. The location. The hotel. The art. The staff - reservations, front desk, restaurant / bar, housekeeping, and everyone else. Super friendly staff ready, willing, and able to help... and they do! Not a misstep here. The rooms are well done and nicely maintained. The public areas are equally well kept. The restaurant / bar is wonderful. The hotel has excellent services and amenities that are well executed on all counts. Want something? Ask. You just might be pleasantly surprised. This is not your ordinary hotel. I have already booked my upcoming trip to stay at the Roger Smith Hotel. I know exactly what I will get: more than I expect.	
Jun 4 2009 	Perfecto!	Roger Smith provides quality rooms with great food/drinks as well. Rooms are quiet and not over the top. Good value. Thanks Mr. Smith!	
Jun 3 2009 	Perfect sized hotel with an intimate atmosphere centrally located in N.Y	We love Roger Smiths hotel! The room was gorgeous with a huge bed and a relaxing sofa to rest in after all shopping! Bathroom could have been a tiny bit bigger but was ok. It had what we needed..;-)Friendly and very helpful staff and with a nice restaurant. It felt like we stayed in someones home, intimate and cosy, better than any other hotel! We will definately come back next time we visit US and N.Y.	
Jun 2 2009 	Had the greatest stay!	I could not have had a better stay while visiting New York. The Roger Smith Hotel offered the perfect location at Manhattan, the friendliest personnel, the best-tasting food and heartiest breakfast menu I've ever seen, comfortable rooms and splendid service at any time of the day! I would surely recommend this hotel to anyone who plans to enjoy their stay in NYC!	
Jun 2 2009 	excellent service	My first impression was the feeling of beeing &quot;take care&quot; of you when you arrived. You where met with a smile in the door and the personal in the reception.The breakfast was excellent, and the fresh juice was good.My impression was clean, familiar and good service. I would like to visit Roger Smith Hotel again and would recommend my friends to visit your hotel	
May 31 2009 	I love the ambience of the rooms and the friendly and professional attitude of the staff	I stay at the Roger Smith when I am in NYC. It is as close as one can get to an intimate hotel in Europe. I feel so comfortable in the roomsand the rooms are different. It's fun to try out a different room each stay. I stay here at least once a year. Since I live within driving range of NYC, I hardly ever stay in a hoteI in NYC. I stay at the Roger Smith to &quot;get away from it all!&quot; recommend this hotel to all my well-traveled friends.	
May 29 2009 	Glad I picked the Roger Smith Hotel	I had a great stay. Great location, relatively inexpensive and clean. They also have a wonderful little restaurant that is very affordable. I ended up eating there three times during my 4 day stay! They also have the best art installations of any hotel I’ve been to.	
May 29 2009 	Awesome location great Art gallary great bar Lily's	I love this hotel..its got a home feeling in the middle of the big apple. I loved the Art Gallery that they have in the bottom floor. Lily's is a great bar/restaurant. Great Food and Great staff. Also the hotel is groomed for any type of business conference. Also the hotel is a stones throw to the E at Lexington and Grand Central. When I come back to NYC, I will definitely stay at the Roger Smith Hotel.	
May 29 2009 	My home away from home.	The Roger Smith Hotel is the ONLY hotel I stay in when in NYC. Not only are the rates reasonable but the rooms are all oversized (the suites are as big as apartments!) and one feels like you are staying in someone's home. I travel to NYC every month and the moment I walk through those doors, I instantly feel relaxed and welcomed. The staff always remembers me and starts up a conversation from where we left off, the last time I was there! I love what they have done with their restaurant! The food is creative and flavorful and the team of servers are all more than happy to accommodate. And the location in the Big Apple can't be beat. I totally recommend this hotel for business or pleasure. At the end of the day, it is the best feeling to walk into a hotel that has no attitude but just wants to make sure you are comfortable under their roof.	
May 29 2009 	The Perfect New York Getaway	I spent Mother's Day in NY visiting family, and had one of the most relaxing stays I've ever had in New York. I travel to New York often, but this was my first stay at the Roger Smith. The room was spacious and quiet. I didn't need much attention, but the staff was always helpful and friendly. I attended several Broadway shows, and enjoyed the short walk to Times Square each time. With a great breakfast each morning in their restaurant, and a comfortable room, I will most definitely be staying at the Roger Smith in future.	
May 29 2009	Great little hotel - feels like home	I have used the Roger Smith countless times, for my parents, brother and his family, and dear friends from out of town. Everyone has a great time and can't wait to return. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and the staff are super friendly. Wish there was a Roger Smith to recommend in every city!	
May 29 2009 	great location for boutique hotel in heart of city	i was in nyc for 4 days last week on personal business and found the location very convenient for me. it was within walking distance to the clients i met with on park and madison aves as well as grand central terminal. i found the staff helpful and also enjoyed the atmosphere of meeting other travelers in the downstairs bar. definitely will recommend.	
May 28 2009 	I like older hotels with character	we had a good family reunion at this hotel. Staying in a suite was a treat, and I knew this was an older hotel with kinks.	
May 27 2009	A charming and homey hotel!	I stayed here with my sister for 3 nights and had an amazing time! The room was spacious, the bed was super comfortable, the staff was welcoming and knowledgeable, and we couldn't have asked for more. The bar/restaurant in the hotel had amazing food&amp;drinks and it's a great place to go after a long day of sight-seeing. The hotel is also located near Grand Central, shopping on 5th Avenue, and Times Square so it was easy to get around. I would definitely go back in a heartbeat!	
May 22 2009 	ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING! DO NOT STAY HERE! CALL THE BOARD OF HEALTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The &quot;Musty&quot; smell everyone mentions is actually dead rats in the air vents. I saw them with my own eyes unfortunately. I stayed here 3 nights and when I got home, my clothes still smelled of the disgusting odor that emitted from my room. The place is a filthy dirty mess. The rugs stink and the bathroom stunk. The staff are rude and obnoxious - even when asking for a simple wake up call. And guess what - I didn't complain while I was there - but yet they all had major bad attitudes. They watched me struggle with the doors getting my luggage thru, and no one (5 five away doing nothing) even bothered to reach out and hold the damn door so I could get in easier. It was the worst experience in my life. Do not stay here.	
May 20 2009 	Lovely little hotel	This was my first visit to New York and I stayed at the Roger Smith with my daughter for a long weekend and couldnt' fault the hotel. I found the staff to be extremely helpful, they couldn't do enough for you. The rooms were clean and very roomy. In a great location, close to Grand Central Station, about a 15 minute walk to Times Square and the Empire State Building. I would definitely go back without any hesitation.	
May 19 2009	Great hotel in very handy location.	First stop for my sister &amp; I on overseas trip &amp; what a pleasure to have a lovely large room with 2 comfortable beds charmingly furnished and well equipped bathroom. Staff were extremely friendly &amp; helpful both at reception and in dining area. Good location close to shops, eateries &amp; supermarket and 1 block from Grand Central Station. I will certainly recommend this hotel to family &amp; friends and would have no hesitation staying here again.	
May 6 2009 	nice small hotel at a great location	This is a small and nice hotel that is worth the money! If you want to travel budget this is the hotel to choose. The rooms are small but okay. The location is great! The hotel is a bit worn down but for the price you pay it is understandable. The serve free(!) breakfast, which is okay. I recommend the hotel for couples who want to spare their money for restaurants, Broadway and shopping and for business travelers who are not that picky...	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Hotel and Restaurant!!	Booked a suite facing Lexington Avenue. Room was clean and big. Had a kitchenette and a livingroom which was separate from the bedroom. Location of the hotel is awesome. Very close to Grand Central station, Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, Bloomingdales and the subway!! Lots of eateries to choose from in that area. Ate at Lily's, the restaurant at the hotel and the food was great. Service at the hotel and restaurant was top notch. Very professional and helpful.	
Apr 11 2009 	A steal even at full price	My wife and I booked the Roger Smith with Priceline for a one-night, mid-week stay. The location is ideal-- just north of Grand Central Station, in the heart of midtown Manhattan. Don't expect modern upgrades, spacious hallways, or flat-screen televisions. But the rooms are clean, the staff is professional, and there is a pleasant-looking lounge off the lobby. We were on the sixth floor, overlooking Lexington Avenue-- not terribly quiet, but not the noisiest street in the city. Our room came with a comfortable queen-size bed, two big chairs that would be ideal for curling up with a good book on a rainy day, old-fashioned bathroom fixtures (including a toilet with the classic, high-pressure flush), and book-shelves with books left by prior guests. For what we needed, it did the trick.	
Mar 25 2009 	Small cozy hotell among the giants	Roger Smith Hotel is located on Lexington Ave in the same block as Radisson and a hop away from Waldorf Astoria etc. Roger Smith Hotel is smallish, personal and has good service and free wi-fi.Our room was surprisingly large and nicely decorated. There was a desk to work at, and generous beds and even some floor space.There is a restaurant inhouse (that we did not try) and ample opportunities for breakfast around. A Starbucks next door. Raffles breakfast-joint at the corner (beware, they only take cash) and a 24h Deli with ATM across the street.	
Mar 23 2009 	Do You Like to Shower?	I arrived at this hotel to find the women working at the desk were extremely pleasant and friendly. I arrived 45 minutes early and they got me into a room right away. I was on the 14th floor which doesnt bother me at all. The elevator is a little on the slow side but the hotel upon first entering was very clean. I walked in my room which was basically a sauna and had a funny smell. The windows open so I opened the windows to air it out. The room itself was clean and fairly large for a NYC hotel room and was very nicely decorated. I went to take a shower and then the problem came. That water trickled out out of the shower head. The water that did come out was luke warm at best and only stayed that way for about 5 minutes and the went directly to freezing. Location wise if you don't mind taking the subway up to times square area its not bad but you don't really want to take that walk back and forth, it's really more of a subway journey. I would have to say that if they rectified the shower issue I would definitely stay there again but I couldn't do it without the shower problems being fixed cause after walking around the city for business I definitely wanted a relaxing hot shower!!	
Mar 20 2009 	feel like home for real	i have been staying at Roger smith hotel for a month something and it has been a home for me.the suite i stayed was very nice.the temperature in the room is perfect during winter time.Interior design in the room are so pretty i even use it as the location for the photo shoot. the view from the penthouse is perfect. i can see chrysler building from the room. the hotel is located in the midtown which is in walking distance to 5th ave,central park and grand central.even the day i stayed at the hotel all day i still have fun in the hotel by watching movie. there are so many movie i can borrow from the front desk.and these are still computer i can use internet.also enjoy the bar during daytime and night.All the food at Lily's are great. i tried pretty much everything on the menu and i love them all.taste,quality and service are excellent.they are beyond my expectation.all the staffs are super freindly and eager to help me in every way.Yamale and Saif are my favorite.	
Mar 17 2009 	Amazing hotel excellent location and superb staff	A friend recommended the Roger Smith to us, and we could not have been more pleasantly surprised. From the wonderful sculpture, metalwork and murals around the hotel (done by the owner) to the beautifully appointed rooms and wonderfully friendly staff, it was nothing short of exceptional. Great location too! We walked to everything.	
Mar 16 2009 	Stay here if you want location wifi access and hospitality.	The Roger Smith Hotel in NYC is right next door to the swanky W and the InterContinental, while those are great places, they are large and can be cold in a big city like NY, NY. How many NYC Hotels are owned and operated by a family? At the Roger Smith Hotel, they have a local feel with a small town attitude, making your stay feel comfortable and easy.First, I've stayed in many hotels in NYC, and the room sizes here are normal. The bed are A+ comfortable, no really. Also, you never know what may be going on here, one time when I was staying here, they were holding a live art show, where there were people living on view to the open street traffic. It was pretty interesting. Also, I've held meetings and conferences here, and bar none, their staff is professional, courteous and helps support any request.	
Mar 16 2009 	Amazing food great service really hip. I'll be back.	Setting up the reservations was easy and they were so amenable. Nothing was too much trouble, even if I had to change something last minute (I went from taking a dog to not bringing our dog, for example). The rooms were spotless.We had dinner at Lily's, the adjoining restaurant, to which I've been at least six times now and the food is always superb. Really, really good food--if you stay, a meal at Lily's is an absolute must.The room had a great view, I loved waking up to it in the morning. I hear that each room in the hotel is different, and that sounds very cool, but I only know the one my girl and I stayed in, plus the 2 others our friends stayed in, and they were similar in style.With a location, price, food, and friendly staff, Roger Smith has got me as the first place I check whenever I am doing an overnight or two in Manhattan.	
Mar 15 2009 	Would love to go back!	Loved my stay. I appreciate the support for the arts and breakfast in the restaurant is first rate. Very comfortable and a great location. I found the staff was charming and eager to be of help. I was delighted to hear one hosts' great stories to share of his previous career on the opera stages of New York and Europe.	
Mar 12 2009 	Beautiful Room / Awesome Staff!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Roger Smith for 2 nights while in town celebrating her birthday. The staff was very friendly and contrary to some of the reviews on here I found the service more than up to par. The restaurant had events going on both nights we were there and seemed to get busy around happy hour with a laid back, well-dressed crowd in the bar. Great place to spend a weekend or just have a few drinks!	
Mar 11 2009 	Great alternative to cooky-cutter rooms	I have stayed at the Roger Smith many times. The staff knows me and treats me with great respect. Yes the bathrooms are a little old fashioned, but many have beautiful granite floors and walls - wonderful. The suites are luxurious and each one is different - love that. It's great to see the unsightly scaffolding finally down; great to see the crazy art in the corner gallery; great to enjoy the friendly atmosphere that pervades Lily's Restaurant and bar.	
Mar 10 2009 	Feels like home in midtown	If you're looking for Trendy New York this isn't for you. Rooms at Roger Smith feel more &quot;southern b&amp;b&quot; than &quot;sleek boutique.&quot; This happened to be just the breath of fresh air I needed this month. I've frequented many moderately priced boutique hotels in midtown for work and I've overdosed on teeny rooms with designer chocolate brown decor, obnoxious mini bars, confusing cable, and oppressive down comforters. These begin to feel more like the office than home. The Roger Smith feels like staying with an old relative right near Grand Central. Again, not for everyone but what I needed. Looks like someone decorated in 1992 and never came back- brass lamps, quilted coverlet, emerald green carpet and drapes, velvet armchair, secretary desk, old bathroom. Coffee maker in room, nice toilettries. Things were definitely dated including the tiny TV but the room was HUGE for New York and the free high-speed internet was great. Just sort of comfortable.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location nice rooms	As a group of 4 we had 2 different reservations. One of the groups decided to upgrade to a junior suite, while the other half had a standard room. The junior suite was $40 or so more a night. It turned out we got exactly the same room layout, so one of us was either upgraded or the other ones was downgraded. Had room 1104 and 1404.Decent location, everything was adequate, especially for beeing New York. Will stay again if the rates are similar. ($139 standard, $169 or $179 junior suite).	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Location awful staff	When we first arrived we asked the front desk if we could check our bags since it was before our check in time, we were told the bell hop was busy but would help us as soon as he could. Well over 20 minutes later we were told by the front desk, who had been doing NOTHING but laughing and talking to another employee about getting drunk, that if we ever expected to be helped we had to stand closer to the bell room, which was surrounded by other guest trying to get their bags. FINALLY after close to 45 minutes of doing nothing the front desk woman rolled our bags into the bell room. Luckily we didn't have to deal with the staff until check out. The room was mediocre, very old style, and mostly clean.	
Jan 14 2009 	Good Value 	The Roger Smith is an older hotel that always seems to be under remodel. Elevators are slow and the hotel overall is showing signs of age. Fortunately we had business meetings in the morning to get to otherwise I would not have been happy to have to deal with construction noise and crew walking around our windows and balcony at 8:00AM. BUT, it has a lot of character and feels quaint. Their suites are larger than most apartments in NYC, and the staff are friendly. Location is excellent in mid-town and walking distance to everything. We stayed at another hotel in NYC recently and agreed that for the price, the Roger Smith is a good value. While I'm not rating this very high, we will stay there again and have referred friends and family who all agree that this is a bit of a gem in Manhattan.	
Sep 7 2008 	Charming but tired	I have stayed here before and enjoyed it so was happy to be booked back in. However it did not quite live up to my memory. There is a fine line between traditionally charming and downright old fashioned! My room was on the 7th floor. The bed was comfortable and the room tidy and clean. The air conditioning was OK but was either off or on - no temperature control - at least that I could find. The bathroom was the disaster: a bath that would not drain away, a shower that was feeble and occasionally just decided to become scorching hot with no human intervention, a sink plug that would not plug, a toilet that flushed haphazardly, a washing line that was broken and interesting smells and gurgling from the overflow. The staff are pleasant and the location is great - its just the bathrooms that need a good overhaul.	
Aug 16 2008 	very good hotel in the Big Apple	We booked a deluxe room for three nights after a ten days fly and drive in Mid-west. NY was our final destination before flying back home. We arrived early in the morning and the room was not ready yet, so we strolled around and realised soon that we were at walking distance from the main tourist attractions (it was our first time in NY): St Patrick's, Rockfeller Centre, Times Square, Grand Station, Empire State Building. The metro was only a couple of minutes far, if you did not want to walk. Even the hop-on hop-off stop was nearby, at luxurious Waldorf Astoria. The deluxe room was simply delighful, large and spacious, with everything you needed for relaxing after a frenzy day in crazy fascinating Manhattan. Continental breakfast was served at 2nd floor, the hotel was quite full of tourists, so it may happen you have to stand and wait for some minutes. Breakfast is good and varied. The reception works excellently, friendly and professional. I recommend it, expecially if you visit NY for the first time and you want to be in the heart of the city.	
Aug 9 2008 	Did not meet my expectations	I stayed at this hotel twice during my stay for a total of 5 nights. First time on the 5th floor and the second on 3th floor. The worst thing about the hotel is the noise! I really do not recommend it for light sleepers. Maybe if you get an higher floor it can be better, but specially when we where on the 3th floor, we could hear almost everything from the outside! The rooms are small but we expected that, and not too clean. The best thing was the free continental breakfast. Although the selection was always the same, it was a good way to save some money, and everything was good quality. They have a computer for you to use and print your boarding passes (but beware that it cost 1$ per page). They offer free wireless internet, but it is often very slow! Other thing that I liked was the free local telephone calls, I used it for some reservations and it was great not to be charged by that (almost every other hotel does that). Also the location was not that great. Sure it was close to Grand Central Station and 5th avenue, but next time I will definately choose another location.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great location for an NYC adventure	Well we book a non-smoking junior suite and were very pleased with the room we got. Clean, comfortable, and the front desk staff were very nice and helpful. We didn’t use the onsite restaurant or bar but we did use the available free computers in the lobby quite and bit. That was a nice touch since I really don’t like traveling with a laptop and it was handy to search out restaurants and other sites for information on activities. It offers a great location near subways and easy walking to many midtown points of interest. Only complaints I have is the air-conditioning is underpowered and the TV is an old tube style with poor reception.	
Aug 4 2008 	Long past its prime	Ten years ago, this was one of my favorite hotels in NYC. Having just spent three nights at the Roger Smith, I can only surmise that the hotel has long past its peak. The hotel feels shabby, the room was unkempt, a major hole in the wall behind the bed due to wear and tear etc. The bathroom was in great need of renovation to put it mildly. Much to my dismay, the nice gesture of offering a complimentary breakfast buffet was no longer valid. To top it all off, the valet service was simply non-existent. I would strongly suggest other fellow travellers to take their business elsewhere. I can promise you that I will do just that!	
Jul 30 2008 	Faded Value	The Good: This hotel is in a great location for walking. We were able to walk almost everywhere! It is located almost behind the Waldorf-Astoria. We thought that we received a good value for NYC. We stayed in a large (by NYC standards) room with a queen bed. The nightly rate which included a continental breakfast was $199. This was in December 07, just a few days before Christmas.The Bad: The hotel was built in 1927 and it shows. The interior is crying for a makeover, but please excuse the construction outside for the exterior facelift that is currently in progress. The lobby is nice enough, but lets hope at least one of the two original elevators is working! Rooms and furnishings reminded us of staying at Grandma's house. The carpet was dirty and threadbare. The room had a musty odor. The room really needed a deep cleaning.The Verdict: If you can get a room at the Roger Smith for a reasonable price, it is a good value. If you are picky about your accomodations and plan to spend some time in your room, this is probably not your best choice.	
Jul 29 2008	Roger Smith-Don't Bother	I read the reviews in Tripadvisor before I booked the Roger Smith hotel for last Saturday night. However we were sorely disappointed in the hotel. To begin with, they offered valet parking, but once we arrived, we had to wait over 10 minutes for a valet to park our car. We had booked a junior suite that was non-smoking, but when we were assigned our room, the room was neither the one we ordered nor non-smoking. We were told no non-smoking rooms were available. I called the front desk and requested to speak with the manager. I was told he would call us back. He did not, but we were moved into the category we requested, but it was still smoking. We also got complimentary breakfasts. The Roger Smith is in a great location, and its suites are a nice change of pace from most NYC hotel rooms, but I would never stay there again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Smelled Like Old Lady	While the decor in the front is impressive, the rooms themselves were kind of shabby and dirty. The first impression upon stepping into the room was a musty smell - just like old people. The television was fuzzy; the air-conditioning was so-so; wireless Internet was spotty. The location is great, and the staff were friendly but it was generally a &quot;blah&quot; experience due to the decor (or lack thereof). Stayed for two nights.It's not &quot;cheap&quot; by any means, and it's certainly not the worst place I've ever stayed in but it lacked any of the charming character you hope for in a boutique hotel.They have been working on the exterior of the building and it shows. I suppose it's much more difficult to address the physical problems within the rooms themselves.	
Jul 21 2008 	GREAT LOCATION	We booked three nights at the Roger Smith. The staff was very friendly and helpful but the room was not very clean. The bed was clean and comfortable but the rest of the furniture in the room was old and dirty, Iwould nor sit on any of the chairs. The baseboards were covered in dust, one lamp switch was broken, most wall sockets would not hold my phone charger, I think for three hundred per night the room could have been cleaner.  It is however a great location and the noise was not bad either on the sixth floor .Close to everything you want to see in Midtown; Grand Central terminal,Bryant Park, Chyrsler Bldg, Rockefeller Plaza, and so on. If the owners of this hotel would spend some money to upgrade and refurbish it would be a great hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Excellent	Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was adorable, like a country bed and breakfast (ok w/out the breakfast) our bed was oversized and comfy; and there was a comfortable couch to lounge. They had free WiFi, a nice reading desk a stocked mini fridge and spacious closets. They offer a luggage storage service for a small fee and they are tagged and locked in a room only staff has access to. Location is perfect everything within walking distance. My husband and I will definately stay here again\&quot;/	
Jun 9 2008 	Great location great service	Our stay at the Hotel Roger Smith was the perfect spot for my first trip to Manhattan. The hotel is conveniently located near Grand Central Station which allowed my wife and I to get to anywhere in Manhattan with just the subway. The staff from the front desk to housekeeping were hospitable, professional, and friendly. The front desk staff were extremely helpful in directing us around Manhattan. This hotel is ideal if you are coming to Manhattan to be active and see the city. We were looking for a hotel that was comfortable enough to sleep and shower in. We were not concerned with a high quality TV, brand new furniture/appliances, or numerous amenities. The free wireless internet was a huge plus and the room rates were very reasonable for NYC, Be aware that if you're looking for a ritz-y type of hotel to pamper yourself at, this hotel is not for you. My only complaints were that we were not well insulated from the noise of the city.	
Jun 4 2008 	Disapointing and has a long way to go . . .	I am a hotelier my self by trade and I travel extensively throughout the country staying in varying hotels that may be branded or independent such as this hotel - I can tell you it was very discerning to learn that the hotel is doing 'work' to improve the 'exterior' of the hotel. Are you kidding? Forget the exterior - look at the interior of your hotel as well as ALL your guest impact areas such as your lobby and guestrooms. Your missing the boat!Most guests are not expecting a four star experince here, just a quality stay with some value. There is no value whatsoever. NOt even a newspaper?! Are you kidding? The air conditioner never worked in my room - two days at 85 degrees! Yes, I informed the hotel, engineer was nice and accomodating yet nothing was fixed. At checkout - I let them know about this issue and yet the agent did not even care nor even showed any kind of concern. Are you kidding? Nonetheless, the bellstaff was cordial, and most of the staff was very congenial. But overall - the hotel is not a value unless you just dont care about your lodging quality and want to save money. I can tell you it seems this hotel has no priority on quality and is relying on it's ambiquious 'art' theme to market itself as a unique boutique. Sorry - this is the type of hotel that gives boutiques as well as independents a very bad name. You can tell by their lack of investing time and money into high guest impact areas they just don't care. Be smart - find a boutique that really knows what their doing as well as what they want to be. This hotel does not get it .	
Mar 19 2008 	Tired but good value	I used the Robert Smith when I took my two teenagers to New York for a visit - the hotel decor is a little tired but we found the staff friendly and helpful, and the location was very good for the things we had planned on our trip (The Top of the Rock, Grand Central, Bloomingdales, Times Square etc.) Our room was reasonably large, the beds were extremely comfortable, the bathroom clean (the shower was a little difficult to set to the correct heat but once done it was fairly powerful). It had the look of a grand country house that had seen better days - the promotional photos did not show the dented/chipped furniture or the missing curtain hook, but it was accurate in most other ways - and I'd happily book it again.The breakfasts were generous - an ample supply of bread, pastries, yoghurts, fruit, cereal etc., some of the pastries were a little tired and the coffee was not &quot;proper&quot;, a little disappointing in a country known for it's pancakes. But you get what you pay for and the supply kept us going for hours!The free video service, help with restaurant reservations, doorman who gave us an entire box of tissues when my son had a nosebleed and clean rooms more than made up for any lack in the overall standard of decor.	
Mar 4 2008 	Fear Not (especially the room number)	My family of five had stayed at the Roger Smith on several occasions around 8-10 years ago. At the time, we found the service brusque, but the rooms were very large, and had a lot of character typical for an older pre-war New York building. We hadn’t been back since, mostly because we spend most of our time downtown, and the Roger Smith is in midtown.Four in our family needed a large suite in February, and I remembered the Roger Smith. I asked specifically for one of the big suites, and it was available for a very reasonable rate, so I booked it. The rate continued increasing prior to our visit, but the Roger Smith correctly honored the original rate at the time of booking.We arrived on a snowy, traffic-jammed Friday afternoon. Their greeting was warm and welcoming. Our suite was ready immediately. I cringed at the room number (911), and the gentleman at the front desk said “it’s a beautiful suite.”He was right ---- it’s a beautiful suite. Very large living area with pull-out sofabed and fireplace and television, dining room with a large dining table to fit six comfortably, small kitchenette, small extra bedroom with television, plus gorgeous master bedroom with exceedingly comfortable bed, television, dresser, lamps galore, and huge walk-in closet. No smell of cigarette smoke anywhere, thank you very much!Also, many, many closets throughout the suite. The place was crazy clean, and the kitchenette was furnished with a small fridge, dishware, sink, microwave, paper towels, and coffeemaker.But the wartime character of the building has not changed, and I mean that in a good way. High ceilings, crown moldings, large windows, lots &amp; lots of character.I usually don’t sleep very well in hotels, but the king size bed was very comfortable, the temperature in the room was just right, and we heard absolutely no noise from other guests or the street. I guess being on the 9th floor helped.Just as a side note, the day before our check-in, a friend had dropped off a gift for us at the hotel. That gift was waiting on the dining room table when we first walked in the suite. Sure, it seems like a very simple thing, but I'm always amazed at how some hotels can't even get simple things right.The bellman Eric was helpful in getting us a cab while we checked out, and he was all smiles during our entire visit, but he was never overly “in-your-face” as some bellmen can be.Have no fear of the Roger Smith. It is a warm, welcoming, clean, interesting hotel with very large rooms and a staff that clearly enjoys working there.	
Jan 28 2008 	Frighteningly dirty	Peeling paint, stained, torn carpeting, broken rusted and cracked bathroom fixtures. I looked at three rooms, and all were the same. I booked a non-smoking room, and confirmed, but the front desk initially put me in a smoking room when I started to check in. Desk clerk said he had no idea what the condition of the rooms were. While I was waiting in the lobby, another guest came down to say that his window had fallen into the room!	
Jan 21 2008 	Ok but a little worn down...	When we first came to this hotel we had a good first impression! It´s obvious that the hotel is old, and it could really use some renovation. The thing that bothered me most was that the carpets and other &quot;fabrics&quot; smelled a bit funky. The breakfast is a joke! If you think like I did, that it´s great that breakfast is included, you will probably be disappointed. Of course, it depends on what you´re used to...They served bagels and toast, marmelades and cream cheese, hot beverages and juice and LOTS of pastries! If you like those things you´ll be satisfied.So, to the good things! The location is really great, the staff is helpful and once you get used to the smell, the rooms are really cosy. The beds were comfortable as well.We we´re a bit unfortunate to have som workers right outside our window banging hard with hammers and drills (the we´re renovating the outside) all day. This of course, is probably finished by now! I had expected a little more, but considering the pricerange i New York, this is really ok!	
Jan 6 2008 	Lucky find!	We needed a room for New Year's Eve. I stumbled upon the RS and was surprised to find that they did indeed have rooms. We ended up with a mini-sweet, which has two double beds and a fold-out sofa - which was perfect for the five of us. The rooms were clean and neat. The rates were reasonable. The staff was courteous, efficient, professional and very accommodating. The beds were comfortable. And there is a quaintness to old hotels like this that adds as much to the stay as anything else -- if you've ever heard a steam radiator softly clanking as it stirs to life, you know what I mean. And when it was all said and done, we could walk outside and be just a few blocks away from Times Square. We were so pleased that we ended up staying three nights in all instead of taking the train back and forth to my brother's place in Connecticut each day. My other brother had a room at the Marriott in Times Square during the NYE festivities. I imagine he paid a lot more to be there, but I would much rather have stayed at the Roger Smith, where there was peace and quiet and at most, a handful of people in the lobby at any one time. I'll be back to NY and when I return, I'll definitely look first at the Roger Smith!	
Dec 29 2007 	great location and good value	stayed at the roger smith for seven nights and we had a room overlooking lexington which was very noisy at first but we got used to it as the week went on ,but not good for the light sleeper. The rooms are adeqate and spacious but a little worn,the staff were all freindly and very helpful ,'the hotel is in a great location with underground stations and plenty of resterants nearby, the complimentary breakfast was exellent with pleanty of choice .Apart from it being noisy from traffic ,i have no complaints with this hotel and enjoyed my stay	
Dec 5 2007 	I loved Roger Smith!	I just spent four nights at this hotel and have nothing but positive comments. First of all, the location is excellent: within ten minutes walk you have Saks, Bloomingdales, Grand Central Terminal, the Chrysler building and Park, Madison and 5th Avenues. It's also an excellent base for exploring a bit further - it's only about 15 minutes to times square, central park and further afield.We stayed in a large-ish room on the fourth floor with two double beds and a nice bathroom.The beds were very comfortable, the shower was good and there was ample storage space.The complimentary continental breakfast was fair - a good selection of cereal, yoghurts, bagels, pastries etc. If you want to splash out a bit , you can go downstairs to Lily's where for about $8-10 dollars you can get a bigger breakfast / brunch. We sampled the eggs and pancakes and they were great.The guys on reception were helpful and they even had a bit of a sense of humour.To answer previous complaints - the only noise we experienced was the typical new york noise from the streets (sirens, horns etc) and the room was immaculately clean.If, as some previous posters suggest, you are paying $400-500 then I can understand you feeling a bit let down, but we called the hotel directly, got the room for $229/night and were very impressed.Will definitely return.	
Nov 21 2007 	English Country House in Manhatten	Have stayed many times at the Roger Smith. Large rooms by NY standards, terrific location, good value. Many great restaurants and bars nearby as well as Grand Central and the subway. Decor - English Country House in style - not the most modern of decor but very comfortable. Staff always helpful, free continental breakfast and local calls a real plus. Prefer what they call &quot;junior suites&quot; which are larger corner rooms. In a city where &quot;value&quot; is hard to find the Roger Smith delivers.	
Nov 4 2007 	Horrible hotel- avoid at all costs	I stayed here for one night on business in October 2007 and have advised my company's travel agent never to book anyone here again. First, the room (like many in NYC these days) was $400! It was old, musty, and very small. The comforter was ripped in several places and the carpet was stained throughout the room. Service at the front desk was mediocre and the waitstaff at breakfast was rude. The breakfast itself was basic continental. I have stayed at many hotels in NYC so I know not to expect a view or much space, but for $400 this was a complete joke. Stay elsewhere!	
Oct 28 2007 	Disappointed	Very unclean, had to change room, hair in the bathroom floor etc. No heating in October...hrrr. Only one elevator working, it took a long time to get a lift.Bathroom was very old, there was no using the bathtub. There was also some renovations going on, so sleeping after 8am was sometimes impossible. All this inspite we had a run of the house, and the hotel was not full.	
Sep 23 2007 	Guests Showing Nightly!	This is a long established small/medium hotel with a flair for the unusual. It is conveniently located for Grand Central Station and United Nations Building. The hotel presents a showcase for innovative art in its gallery and rooms. Guests are invited to contribute to the digital images that run in the adjacent light gallery (projecting onto the street side windows). The rooms were quite large and traditionally furnished with a desk and wireless throughout, air conditioning. At this time of writing the hotel is under partial renovation. The downstairs café (breakfast and dinner) and bar is a pleasant oasis from the manic street outside. However the first floor breakfast room I found oppressive, cramped and not somewhere I wished to be. As with all NYC hotels the ambience is noisy, so ear plugs advised, but this was certainly on the quieter side of noisy! Front desk staff were efficient and professional.	
Sep 4 2007	The noisiest hotel in town	Hi!We had booked 4 days at Roger Smith this August. My travel agent recommended it to me as, he said, it is good.We went there and when we arrived the first thing we thougth was: &quot;this hotel seems noisy&quot;. Asked for a quiet room and they said we had a very nice and quiet room.Well, we couldn't sleep. Next morning we asked to be switched to another room and they did. We couldn't sleep neither. We went to another hotel.Please, don't go to Roger Smith if you want to sleep.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great Hotel in NYC	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August 2007. Arrived at the hotel earlier in the day and was allowed to store my luggage until the room was ready in the afternoon, however, did get in earlier than the advertised check in. Upon check in, the hotel staff advised that they had upgraded my reservation (I had originally booked a standard queen room) to a suite on a higher floor free of charge! The suite was located on one of the higher floors and although it didn't have a really great view, it was amazing inside. The room itself was decorated in mostly antique type furniture, with heavy woods and draperies, but was very tasteful in my opinion. The suite had a seperate bedroom with a four poster queen bed and the most comfortable mattress ever. The common area contained a sofa and chair area, dining area and fireplace (although it had been disconnected and was used only for decoration). Behind a door was a small european type kitchenette with a sink, fridge, microwave, and coffee maker in addition to dishes and utensils. The bathroom was quite spacious with ample towels and toiletries, and the bath/ shower had excellent water pressure. Throughout my stay there the front desk and housekeeping staff were always pleasant and accomodating with any questions or requests. The hotel also provides free internet stations at the front desk for guests to use 24 hours a day. The hotel also has a bar called Lily's, which I did not go to, but seemed to be busy most later afternoons and evenings.The hotel itself is located on Lexington Avenue near 47 Street, which is a great location from which to explore NYC. I had theatre tickets for several shows and found it a nice walk to and from the broadway area. The hotel is also close (and walking distance) to Grand Central for those wanting to take the train or catch the metro. It is also just a few blocks from both Park and Madison Avenue for all the shopping you would want in New York.Overall a great stay and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a nice place to stay that can be affordable if you book far enough ahead or get a good deal through one of the travel websites.The only negative that I experienced there was the slowness of the elevators, however, the hotel is in the process of upgrading both of them so this should not be an issue much longer.	
Jun 2 2007 	Cute quaint little nook in the heart of the City	I liked it. Kind of reminds me of a B&amp;B-type room. It was very cozy.	
May 25 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	Wonderful experience throughout. Stayed 3 nights in standard queen room on 9th floor overlooking Lexington Ave. Boutique-type hotel with spacious rooms (for NYC) and most comfortable furnishings and bedding. Modern bathroom facilities including marble throughout, heated towel racks, phone, whirlpool tub, absorbant (and plentiful) towels. Continental breakfast nice touch (and rare in NYC) for a quick bite on mornings you don't feel like treking out to a restaurant for full breakfast. Friendly staff throughtout (we arrived 9AM and were able to register and bellman gladly checked our bags so we could enjoy NYC until our room was ready early in the afternoon). Would recommend checking, and then rechecking on another day, room rates on several facilities (hotel's website, travelocity, expedia, hotels.com, orbitz,,etc.) to get best deal. In our case, the same room type for same Friday / Saturday stay ranged from a high of $459 to a low of $269 (which we booked, with Sunday thrown in for only $209). Great midtown location, 1,2,3 block walk to Park, Madison, Ave of Americas, Subway 4-5 short blocks at 51st or 42nd (Grand Central). Many restaurants, pubs, cafes nearby.Only caveat, hot / popular dance-club next door can get noisy between 2-4 AM, but with windows closed and air conditioner on (and if you're not on the 1st few floors of the hotel on Lex side), this shouldn't be a problem.	
Apr 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel at a Resaonable Price	I stayed at this hotel for a few days before departing on a cruise, and chose it because it was one of the cheaper options downtown. While I was leary of the hotel at first because of the price, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in a very central location within walking distance to major sites. The rooms were very, very large by New York standards, and were immaculately cleaned and welcoming. The hotel staff was fantastic, friendly, and very helpful, and is a great bar on the main level where I had a few very good martinis. The only problem that we encountered was the noise in the room from the street below. But being in New York City, you have to expect that things will not be quiet all the time. Overall, we loved it there, and will definitely return!	
Apr 5 2007 	perfect hotel	what a great hotel for location, cleanliness, staff. It is so close to grand central so great for getting around. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great location and good value. Visit Empire state building at night- you will not be disappointed, worth the wait.Go to the Top of the Rock at Rockeffeler Centre in the day, you get a great view of Central Park and Empire state building. Its not as busy as empire so can get to the top quickly, no queues. Make sure you skate in central park, visit dakota building and all the other wonderful things in new york. One place to eat i would recommend is Johns Pizza. Its opposite the majestic theatre just off broadway. Its an old church, serves huge pizzas. Enjoy	
Mar 31 2007 	Senseless and Callous Display	The senseless and callous display of &quot;Art&quot; daring to compare itself with and/or to our beloved Redeemer will forever -- and I do mean forever -- render our experience with this immoral and self-depreciating canon of trash as inexcusable poly-rot! We will never again subject ourselves to this godforsaken delerium of profanity. Never again! Never!	
Mar 23 2007 	Best value in New York	For the price the Roger Smith must be the best hotel in New York we stayed for 8 nights and had great service. The rooms were a good size and always clean The location is perfect for getting around and you can walk to most of the main areas, being so close to Grand central means the subway is close by aswell	
Mar 22 2007 	Can't recommend it highly enough - go for an independent hotel not a chain	I saw a deal for the Roger Smith on a website whilst searching for available hotels and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor I decided to book directly on the hotel website in November which was offering the same deal. We got a rate of $189 prpn exc tax inc continental breakfast for a Junior Suite and $159 for a double/double room.On arriving at the hotel late on Thursday night and in a snow storm we were greeted by the Duty Manager Kucuk who explained that there was a problem and the hotel was overbooked. He asked if the 4 of us would be prepared to share a suite for 1 night and then they would move both couples to Junior Suites the following day at no extra cost. Being so tired from travelling we agreed and were taken up to our room.The suite was beautiful (room 511), you walk into the lounge / dining room that has a large sofa/bed, 2 rocking chairs, dining table with 6 chairs, arm chair, desk, coffee table, large tv, vcr/dvd player and ornate fireplace.There was a small kitchenette that had a fridge, microwave, sink, crockery, cutlery and coffee machine. Next was the bathroom, it was a good size and very clean with a deep bath and shower over. The water pressure was good and there was always plenty of hot water except for our last day. Across the corridor was a small room with a single bed, drawers, tv and a portable heater. Then to the master bedroom - a huge bed with feather mattress topper, great pillows, walk in wardrobe with dressing gowns, flat screen tv, full bookshelf, armchair and 2 large radiators that I can imagine stifle the room when the weather is warm but great for us as it was so cold outside.The suite is at the rear of the hotel which I think is great because it was so quiet, there isn't a view but I don't think you ever get one in NY.The following morning we decided that all 4 of us would stay in the suite together as we had all unpacked and loved the room. It was so nice having the room to spread out and you can order room service from local takeouts if you want to chill out with the books and films on hand. La Rustica Pizza down the street is delicious.The location of the hotel on Lexington Avenue is perfect for wandering around and is only a 5 minute walk from Grand Central if you want to use the subway.The complimentary continental breakfast is excellent, I agree that the breakfast room is small and sometimes you have to wait for a table but the food is nice and it sets you up for the day. We found it was quieter after 9. The a la carte breakfast in Lily's is also reasonably priced and good if you fancy something hot. Lily's bar is a cosy hideaway and isn't expensive, really pleasant to have a few drinks in.Reception is efficient and being able to use the internet free was brilliant. I have never stayed at a hotel where every member of staff is so polite and helpful. I really can't recommend the Roger Smith highly enough, I stay in many hotels and it does offer more than the usual chains. The rooms are individual instead of identikit no matter where in the world you are and the staff are genuinely helpful rather than just hanging for a tip. I have recommended the hotel to anyone I know who is going to NY and will definitely stay there again myself.	
Mar 19 2007	A Smashing time in NYC	I booked @ the Roger Smith after looking on TripAdvisor where it had fair reviews. March 8th was not only my birthday but also my 38th wedding aniversery so the trip was planned with two friends.I made contact via e-mail with the Hotel to tell them of my celibrations and to ask if they could arrange for some flowers for my wife. Well the Roger Smith were outstanding, the rooms were very large, nice and warm ( we landed in a snow storm ). a bottle of a very nice complementry red wine greeted us. And yes the flowers arrived promt on the 8th, she was over the moon ( my wife ) The little bar Lille's, is a real find so cosy and inviting.The breakfast again was very good lots of choice. I spoke to lady at the lift and she told me she had stayed at this hotel for 20 years when she visited NYC.I must say when I visit again it will be the Roger Smith for me.John&amp; Marie + Jim&amp; Sue,Solihull England	
Mar 18 2007 	great bargain	Recently spent three great days at the Roger Smith.The check-in was super quick and the room was ready ahead of time.The room was just fine.Bed was comfortable,room very clean,bathroom quite roomy,water pressure was good and plenty of hot water.Room faced street and on third floor but very little street noise.Got a good rate through Expedia.Continental breakfast had plenty of choices and Manny at the front desk was extra nice and efficient.Would stay there again without any hesitations.Avoid Raffles Cafe on the corner[not part of Roger Smith].$42 for grilled cheese sandwich,hamburger platter,iced tea,and coffee.	
Mar 1 2007	Loveliest night of my life	I was there the night of my boyfriend's 50th birthday, and we had such a lovely time. It was one of the most magical nights of my life, and the Roger Smith had a lot to do with it. It's a gorgeous hotel in a great neighborhood - - very classy, but still warm and welcoming. Highly recommended!	
Feb 6 2007 	large and clean	just back from a two night stay at the roger smith hotel. all in all had a good stay. room was large and clean and was cleaned nicely after the first night. temperature was slightly erratic but it was the coldest weather in new york in years. saw a waiter kind of bark at a guest during breakfast but this was the only down event. breakfast was ample and of reasonably good quality, including some fresh fruit and yogurt. a good bargain price was also found on expedia.com. would go back; good bargain for midtown.	
Feb 1 2007	Great place....but overpriced - hunt for a deal.	Needed something cheap, but something a little different... the Roger Smith provided just that! Arty, Jazzy, a throwback to Art-Deco &amp; NY Jazz.....huge rooms,clean, well appointed (free DVD/CD library), lovely staff &amp; a fantastic location on Lexington &amp; (more or less) E48th. Everything in manhattan is in walking distance. My only query would be price. I scored a great deal - maybe NYC is quiet this time of year, but i got a great room for under half the hotels published price. Search around &amp; don't pay full whack...its lovely, but it aint worth the $370 a night that the hotel quotes.	
Jan 18 2007 	Nice Hotel But a Little Overpriced	My husband, sister, and I stayed at the Roger Smith over Christmas and although the hotel is clean and staff are attentive, we did encounter a few problems. First, we booked a jr. suite via the hotel's website and were quoted a price that (and this was stated on the confirmation I printed off) stated it included ALL taxes and ADDITIONAL FEES. When we arrived to check in, the prices was over $100 more expensive than what was printed on the confirmation. When I gave him my print out he said that the price did not include an extra person charge of $20 a day. I pointed out to him that on the paper (I had it with me just in case) it clearly said that room was booked for 3 adults and if I had known at the time that I was essentially paying $210 dollars a night versus $190 I may not have chosen this hotel. He merely shrugged. We went ahead and checked in and were somewhat dissapointed at the size of the &quot;jr. suite&quot;. It is just a regular room with a very small pull-out sofa (which my sister claimed was very uncomfortable), so none of us had any privacy. The room was also facing Lexington Avenue which was SO LOUD that the first night we couldn't sleep, AT ALL! The good things about the hotel: Mine and my husband's bed was very comfy, we had a nice view, the continental breakfast was convenient (although don't expect much beyond the usual cereal and cheap pastries), and they were very nice about holding our bags for us on our last day since we had a late flight out. Don't get me wrong, this was not our first trip to NYC, so we know that hotels are overpriced and small, but when you compare this hotel to other midtown Manhattan hotels that cost over $200 a night it kinda seems like a rip-off. I would suggest Radio City Apartments, especially if you're traveling with a group. You get a lot more for the same price.	
Aug 28 2006	A perfect bargain	This Hotel is well worth the price. Located perfectly on Lexington Avenue, we were just blocks from everything. The Chrysler building is four blocks away and times square is about six. The rooms were spacious considering space constraints, and very clean. The people working in the office were more than helpful whether they were bringing your bags to your room for you, or recommending a good place to eat. This Hotel offered more than some five-star chains ever would, and I would absolutely stay again.	
May 29 2006	Good value!	I stared here Memorial day weekend for one night with my husband. The hotel was very easy to find and and easy walk from Grand Central. There is another metro station about 5 blocks up as well. The Lobby is nice, and the staff was polite. The gal that checked us in was very nice, and she let us in early 10:30 a.m.! We had requested a queen bed and got a king, the room was very roomy for NYC! It was decorated in a classy way- poster bed, wood furniture. There was even a mini fridge under the TV/VCR. The hotel keeps in stock videotapes which you can take out if you are bored or for kids! The bellmen were nice about us checking in some luggage after we had checked out as we spent the next in NYC and left that night. I had only a few negative things to say about the hotel.The bathroom although roomy needed a sweep of the floor. There was some noticeable dust or dirt. The carpets are nice but are a bit worn in the hallway. It's a very retro feeling decor- I was thinking the 30's or 40's.	
Apr 23 2006	Not so good...	This was our first visit to New York and we got a very good deal through last minute.com for £300 each for 3 nights over Valentine's Day. The room rates posted on the walls claimed they wanted $290 per night - I would not have been happy paying that as it was quite shabby (shabby chic they'd probably call it). The rooms were quite musty and old fashioned and even quite dirty. The hotel was in a very good location - right in the middle of everything, but a conseqence of this was the street noise - which being New York carried on all night long. This was to be expected given the location but it was not helped by the hotel walls being so paper thin that you can hear EVERYTHING that is going on in the next room. On our last night we had to get up at 5am for our flight home and we were kept awake until 3 am by the guests in the room next door who, coming from California, were not tired at all at this time and were very excited about being in New York! (this we know as we could here every word being said through the walls!) The breakfast was included in the room rate and was good as there was plenty to choose from - we tended to have a big breakfast and not need to eat until the evening - good when you are on a budget!All in all - a good hotel for location, but not for decor, cleanliness or a good nights sleep! We have since returned to New York and stayed at the UN Millenium Plaza, which is only a 10 minute walk to Grand Central, and you will get a better nights sleep!	
Mar 16 2006	We'd Love to Go Back	My husband, two teenage daughters and I stayed only one night last year at the Roger Smith, found over internet search. We loved it, would have liked to have stayed much longer. The street noise wasn't bad at all, but we were up pretty high, which always helps. My husband is a very light sleeper, but we didn't have noise problems at all from adjacent rooms or hall. Our room was plenty large and felt luxurious in a NYC-in-the-30's kind of way. Very cool location down the street from the Chrysler Bldg and Grand Central. We came into town on Amtrak and then the subway to Times Square at night, walked over to the hotel with our luggage, a nice little hike. The next day they kept our bags in a closet off the lobby until we were ready for our train out.The thing we still talk about was the Continental breakfast, served in a lovely room surrounded by people speaking in different languages. It felt so civilized. My 15 yo said the other day it was her favorite breakfast ever.	
Mar 4 2006	Really nice	I have enjoyed staying at the Roger Smith Hotel on Lexington and 47th several times. The rooms, while older in style and fixtures, are very comfortable and CLEAN. The bed is really nice with a pillow top, and several styles of pillows to choose from. Each room has a small collection of hardcover books for your use, and I am sure you can take one after you check out - courtesy says to replace it with another or return it on your next trip. I also enjoy the continental breakfast, which is included with the room rate. It has more than the usual American style pastries....cereal, yogurt, croissants, juices, excellent strong coffee, whole fruits, bagels, and bread that is more like dinner rolls. I think this is to appeal to the foriegn travelers, as I have met quite a few of them on my visits there.You cannot beat the location and price of this hotel while in the Big Apple.	
Feb 6 2006	Problems	I stayed at the Roger Smith from Jan 28th, 2006 through Feb 2nd. The room was charming but very noisy - I could hear everything said in the room next to mine, as well as intense street noise. The website had advertised live music in the bar and frequent salons, neither of which exist. I could not attend the bar because the (non-live) music was so loud. And when I checked out they charged my charge card and put a hold on another account for the same/full amount. I've tried for five days to get them to release the hold, which they have not done. I spoke with a very rude representative today who said she would take care of it though she was &quot;in no way obligated to do so.&quot; I am very surprised. There are others working for the hotel who are lovely people but this woman, a supervisor, was extremely unprofessional and rude. I would not return.	
Dec 11 2005	Great hotel for family	We stayed in the hotel from December 3, 2005 until December 9.Travelling to NY with my wife and our two sons (aged 20 and 17 years) and as for the dates impossible to get double bedrooms we shared a suite with 3 rooms (1 double, 1 single, 1 living room with transformable double bed) complete bathroom, besides also a small kitchenette. Having gathered a lot of experience travelling around in Europe over the past years we can highly recomend the RogerSmith.Attendance at the front desk: friendly and efficientPorter: patientCleanliness: Very cleanRooms: spaciousHeating: O.K. in most of the rooms (Temperature in the outside reached minus 5 degrees Celsius.)Breakfast: ContinentalVery good wi-fi coverage. It is free!Notice: This hotel is very well considered among European visitors. Therefore, book your rooms well in advance.Nearby the hotel you can find a lot of nice places for lunch and dinner.Of course we will come again.	
Sep 20 2005	A great hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Roger Smith during Thanskgiving 2004 and into the first week of December. We found it very clean, comfortable and friendly. The desk staff were helpful and let us store our luggage there after we checked out, coming back later that day to collect and get a shuttle to JFK. The free buffet breakfast was amazing - so much food and drink to choose from! Location is excellent, only a few blocks from Grand Central and within easy walking distance of Seers, Rockerfeller Centre, NBC store and many other great shops.The only downside was the noise from Lexington all through the night, but you get that with most big city hotels. I'm a light sleeper so was disturbed but my partner slept like a log and had no complaints. Still a refeshing shower in the spotless bathroom and a tasty breakfast and I was ready for another day of sightseeing! I would recommend this hotel especially if you get a good deal like we did through Expedia.	
Aug 8 2005	value comes with a price	We stayed a week. Room was cleaned daily, but the accumulation of dust under the bed and tv stand was pronounced. Street-side room was particularly noisy with loud motor cycles leaving the night club next door. The bar looked like a nice cosy place to watch the street and unwind, but there was an indifferent bar tender each night with the TV or loud radio blaring. No wonder it was mostly empty. Staff service was uneven. we had great help when we arrived. But the desk clerk we asked to book us a car for an early airport trip didn't do it. But the same bellman who helped us when we arrived flagged us a taxi. good location	
Jul 17 2005	Urban Bed and Breakfast	Excellent and quaint city B &amp; B - excellent complimentary breakfast amid Lily's Restaurants spirited wall paintings; cool and quaint room; convenient location and very nice rooftop garden overlooking parts of the city. Also, there is free internet access in the lobby and you can make free local calls from your room. Room size was perfect but could of used a coffee table or something to eat on (we just pulled up two chairs which worked fine, but...), furniture was B &amp; B style - pleasantly reminescent without being too old - and very comfortable bed and beddings. And you must check out the garden, if only to relax for a few minutes after breakfast, it's both hip-looking and leisurely - a little oasis in an urban setting. Downside: our shower had extremly low pressure and the hot/cold wasn't all that stable- however we talked to people in lower floors (we were on the 15th) and they said their shower was fine. You get a lot for moderate prices and we would stay there again!	
May 31 2005	Terrible - Shabby - No A/C - Dirty - Avoid	90+ degree days - little or no A/C. Used condom found in the bathroom, which was dirty in additon to this -- shabby furniture (pull out couch broken) breakfast room understaffed and not very clean - overall this place is a dump	
Apr 21 2005	Fabulous value for money and great location!	In my experience, New York hotels are overpriced and poor value for money. The Roger Smith has changed my mind. I stayed with 2 friends this April and had a wonderful time.The room was spacious with 2 double beds, nicely furnished with cotton sheets and comfy pillows. The bathroom was clean with constant hot water and a nice, powerful shower. The room was cleaned beautifully every day.The reception is very pleasant with original artwork which is a nice touch. The staff were always charming and helpful.Breakfast is included in the price and was a real treat. A great array of pastries and also some cereals, yogurts, juice, tea and coffee. A buffet where you can eat as much as you like.The location is simply perfect. We walked everywhere and everything was in walking distance. Even if you are not a walker, the subway is located a mere 4 blocks away in either direction.I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Superb value for money and really it merits more than the 2.5 stars it currently has. Thank you for such an enjoyable stay!	
Apr 19 2005	Nice rooms for the price	This hotel is a great find. The rooms are spacious (by Manhattan standards) and clean, the linens and furnishings are high quality, and the common areas contain interesting artwork. Also, a great location on the East Side.	
Apr 11 2005	loved this hotel !!!!!!!	my daughters and I stayed in this hotel april 2005 and loved everything about it. our room was adorable. all yellow and white which made it bright and sunny with windows overlooking lexington (which was a bit noisy but thats part of the new york experience). the room was large with a desk, 2 chairs,iron beds, and a nice large dresser. we also had a refrigerator (which was nice for drinks after long days of walking). the bathroom was nice and had plenty of room with nice toiletries and a blow dryer. the free breakfast in the morning was great and served until 11:00 on weekends!! the bar is so cute and cozy and the original paintings the owner has done on the walls are so cool and adds to the uniqueness of this hotel. the staff was very friendly. we had a horrible hotel the last time we were in ny so I was nervouse about booking another one online but this time we got really lucky with the roger smith. after a long day of walking we actually enjoyed sitting in our room to relax awhile. it was so pleasant.also the location was great. I feel we have found our hotel for future visits. If you are looking for a cozy unique hotel(all the rooms are decorated different) with a bed and breakfast feel this hotel is worth a try.	
Dec 21 2004	Why You Shouldn't Stay at the Roger Smith	We all want a hotel that can give us good value for our money. I'm sure you'll agree with me when I say there are some simple elements of a hotel that give it such value. One of which is service - and believe me, I'm a reasonable guy - but the Roger Smith Hotel's service is simply awful, and I want those of you who are thinking about staying here to reconsider.I took a shuttle to the Roger Smith Hotel one late night. Upon being dropped off, the shuttle driver locked himself out of the van while it was still running - my bags were still in the van, as well. Ok, so a bit of a problem, but with the help of the hotel (because I'm a scheduled 5-night guest) you'd think we could get a locksmith or someone from AAA, etc. The guy working the front desk at the Roger Smith refused to pick up the phone and call for help. He said it had nothing to do with him or the hotel. Unbelievable. Show me some service and flexibility, man. I wasn't asking for the hotel to pay for the locksmith - I just wanted some assistance in finding somebody who could help. Something along the lines of a Yellow Pages search and telephone call on behalf of one of your guests......hotel customer service at the Roger Smith.....non-existent. Keep in mind as well: this was late at night and the front desk was clear of guests and phone calls. Yep, it was frustrating to say the very least.That's my review. I honestly suggest you think about staying somewhere else - there are plenty to choose from.I eventually got my bags with the help from someone working at a nearby Enterprise Rent-A-Car.	
Dec 2 2004	Well worth it Roger Smith Hotel...		
Nov 29 2004	Not recommended!		
Sep 28 2004	Very impressed...		
Aug 18 2004	Euro-style and relaxed. Way better than chain hotels		
Jul 6 2004	Loved our stay at Roger Smith		
May 21 2004	Disappointing and in need of renovation		
Apr 16 2004	Great city pity about the hotel...		
Nov 18 2003	Nice Place Busy Street		
Oct 6 2003	Room was large but grubby.		
Aug 18 2003 	Shining Star!		
Aug 18 2003 	Supermysigt		
Nov 21 2009 	como los hoteles españoles....ninguno		
Oct 21 2009 	Bastante bien		
Oct 13 2009 	Hotel bien situado. Muy familiar		
Oct 1 2009 	Buen hotel		
Sep 23 2009 	Céntrico y buena relación calidad-precio		
Aug 31 2009 	Recomendable		
Aug 17 2009 	La limpieza se compensa con la situación.		
Aug 13 2009 	decadencia del hotel		
Aug 12 2009 	No está mal		
Aug 11 2009 	Acogedor y perfecto para el tursita		
Aug 3 2009 	Muy centricoacogedor personal muy amable		
Aug 2 2009 	un hotel genial		
Feb 5 2009 	me encanto su ubicacion		
Feb 2 2009 	Muyoca limpieza buena situacion muy ruidoso desayuno flojo y trato correcto		
Jan 11 2009 	falta servicios no es de categoria ofrecida		
Jan 3 2009 	????????		
Jan 1 2009 	Hotel décevant		
Dec 26 2008 	Una cosa compensa a la Otra		
Nov 21 2008 	El hotel bien la situación inmejorable.		
Nov 13 2008 	Ubicación excelente		
Sep 16 2008	Una inmejorable situación		
Sep 9 2008 	Tampoco está tan mal		
Sep 6 2008 	buen servicio en un hotel viejo		
Sep 2 2008	Hotel horrible espantoso		
Aug 9 2008 	Emplacement de rêve		
Jun 9 2008 	no me gustó nada		
Mar 28 2008	Sigue siendo igual		
Mar 27 2008 	Lo único malo del viaje fué el hotel		
Nov 15 2007 	genial		
Oct 15 2007 	No me gusto		
Sep 15 2007 	Muy Bueno sin duda volvería		
Sep 5 2007	Fue un servicio correcto - Buena decoracion y limpieza		
Aug 31 2007 	Si me hubiesen avisado en la agencia de viajes no lo hubiede elegido		
Jun 4 2007	Bon rapport qualité/prix dans Manhattan		
Jul 23 2006 	Volvería		
