Nov 19 2009 	Good for writer/reseachers	I needed to spend several days at the New York Public library to finish research for my book - A VAST AND FIENDISH PLOT - The Confederate Attack on New York City (coming March 2010 from Kensington Press in NYC). The Dylan is only 4 blocks from the library, making this the IDEAL hotel for someone who needs to do research. The rooms were clean, if a little small, but you only sleep there. I did not try the hotel restaurant, but the prices there seemed high to me. Wife and I attended a play while in town and we walked from the hotel to the theater district. This will likely be the favored hotel when we need to come to NYC again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good location at the right price!	Stayed two nights at the Dylan Hotel in October 2009. One block from Grand Central Station and a 10 minute walk to Times Square and the theatre district.The room was average in size for NY standards. The truffles and a nice bottle of water greated me in the room. I was impressed with the front desk staff. I needed to print a form from a memory stick and the front desk staff was happy to help. They even faxed it at no charge.Bought a half price ticket in Times Square to a new musical called Rock of Ages and really enjoyed the event! Walked back to the hotel at 10:30PM and felt safe!Ronvoyage - Sequim, WA	
Oct 17 2009 	Very near Grand Central Terminal	The Dylan hotel is a small boutique type hotel located very near the train station - Grand Central Terminal. The lobby is small but leads to a nice on-site and full service restaurant. Small elevators so can't get much luggage or people in at once. Spacious hallways and my room was very large. I don't know if my room size was typical for the property....maybe I got lucky. Room had cathedral ceilings, updated bathroom, new TV, couch and chair. My room had a safe inside the closet...very useful. My room also had plenty of hot water, a clean bathroom and a large bed. I saw a fitness center in the basement level with a very large and modern public restroom. The hotel is nice. It's not large and it wasn't very busy upon my stay. It was quiet. This is not the place to be if you need to socialize with other quests, enjoy a spacious lounge area or like to chose between multiple in-house dining options. It's very good if you need to be very close to Grand Central Terminal.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel!!	Great Hotel - great location. Super friendly staff - I'd definitely stay there again!!	
Jun 12 2009 	quiet in the city	love this place - comfortable and quiet sanctuary on the haeart of id-town manhattan. we didnt partake of breakfast as there is so much choice right on your doorstep amongst the office workers. it was great to lie in bed a t night and listen to the fire engines cacophony up 5th avenue a couple of blocks away - peaceful little hotel - looks cool too!	
Jun 9 2009 	Bad service all around	There was bad service throughout the stay at the Dylan Hotel. We had a room with no water pressure and no hot water. We called the front desk staff about this and on the second day of our stay they had engineers etc working in our room trying to fix the problem. They did not provide us with a different room, but rather had strangers working in our room during our &quot;romantic&quot; stay in NY. Finally by the end of the second day we finally had water in our room. When we were leaving, the valet had lost our car key. They finally found it but my boyfriend noticed that they had taken off and not returned the car antennae. We sat there waiting for them to find the antennae and, after about a one hour delay from the time we checked out, we were finally on our way. Worst hotel experience ever. I contacted the hotel manager about the hotel room experience but heard nothing back. Clearly this hotel does not care about customer opinions.So to recap: Horrible service throughout the entire stay, bad management, and just a very bad hotel in general. ABSOLUTELY do not recommend this hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel. Highly recommend!	Just back from a 6 night stay at The Dylan Hotel. It was our first visit to the hotel and couldn't have asked for more.The welcome was warm, the staff incredibly helpful and friendly. The room was superb-an unusually large room for New York. The Dylan is ideally located for a New York visit-it is in the heart of the city. Close to many fine restaurants. Easy to get to and from all major sights.If needed there is a bus to and from all NY airports a 2 minute walk from the hotel- $15 one way, or $27 return.I will definitely recommend the Dylan to friends and family, and also book to stay there on my next trip. A gem of a hotel to stay at.	
Mar 8 2009 	Liked the location but that was all	I hated this hotel. It claims to have 4 stars but at least three of them were hiding when I was there. It was 80+ degrees in my room and they couldnt do anything about it. Not much point in staying in a hotel where it is too uncomfortable to sleep. I flung all the windows open (it was cool outside) but it didnt really help. The room was dingy, tarted up with a few new fittings but tired looking underneath, Old dingy chipped furniture, horrible carpet and cheap looking curtains. But the free wireless internet worked - for a few minutes at a time. The showers are positively dangerous. Dont turn the temp up too high - because if you need to turn it down you wont be able to turn th eknob with wet hands. Awful	
Mar 1 2009 	very very average	small dark rooms, poor heating, dark bathroom, not enough electrical sockets (one to use), and very tiny workout room. paid just under $200 for room. they charge a $100 incidentals to your credit card... beware.i will not be staying here again	
Jan 27 2009 	A comfortable stay at the Dylan	We stayed here two weeks ago and got a super rate. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and found our room to be comfortable and clean. Our room was larger than other hotels in NYC. I thought the bathrooms were fine and the shower was great. The design of the hotel is elegant.The service was fine. When we arrived, we were placed towards the back of the hotel and the management kindly moved us to the front of the hotel the next day at our request. We weren't bothered by any noise from the air conditioner or the outside in either room. We also figured out how to adjust the temperature in our room. You simply have to open the little gray door in the heater panel and adjust it to your comfort level. My only complaint is that the lobby had a horrible smell. We had to hold our breath on the way to the elevator. I'm not sure what the smell was and we never followed up with reception to find out what it was. Hopefully it was temporary. Beyond the smell, the lobby could be made cozier or more comfortable somehow.I would stay here again, but only at a discounted rate.	
Dec 14 2008 	Maybe too old for The Dylan?	As a new Trip Advisor Member I want to write a review of my stay at The Dylan in June '08. I'm pretty well travelled, done posh and not so posh, and am over 50. I think the Dylan needs some TLC. I was in my third room before I found one that was acceptable. I won't even share my views on the neglected state of carpets, linens, etc. but dang,even the drapes were tired! The furniture looked like something in a dorm room, pretty battered and abused. The staff did their best to help me out, but I really didn't find any of the three rooms I saw to be worthy of even a neutral/average review. Maybe it would have been a lot more fun if I had visited back in my 20's or 30's. I'm not fossilized yet, but I do like clean carpets, semi-nice furniture, and drapes I'm not afraid to pull.	
Oct 21 2008 	Was this worth it??!!	Stayed at the Dylan in October 2008 for one night, our last one in NYC, which was supposed to be a special treat to me and my significant other. The hotel is generally GOOD - there is absolutely no doubt about that! Some of the special features are plasma TVs, bathrobes, IPod stations, nice bathroom equpipment and additional complementary items (coffee maker, sanitary and first aid kits etc). A refurb would not hurt the hotel. All the items in our room looked very used. The bed was extremely uncomfortable but the blankets were fresh and clean, with a soft cover. Toilet was broken.Cleanliness was ok but not outstanding; so was the breakfast. Any item other than the standard will need to be covered extra (ie our cappucinos for breakfast instead of normal coffee). We paid 310USD for one night in a double room which is, for NYC standards, I guess somewhat OKish. However, I am not sure if it was really worth all the cash.	
Oct 19 2008 	Top hotel - discover NYC by foot	Stylish, top location, great staff, super rooms, wlan	
Oct 17 2008 	Dylan Blues	During a 3 night stay when the weather was exceptionally warm for autumn, the first two nights were without any AC, a common problem throughout the hotel. What made matters worse, the hotel management have been trained to lie and deceive their guests about their problems. When I asked why they gave me a problem room, they told me they didn't know it was a problem. When I checked out they told me that they would give this room to the next guest because they were 100% booked. After they moved me to a room with working AC, the new room didn't have a properly functioning bathroom sink.By the way, the Dylan can be promintly seen in the recent movie &quot;Deception&quot;. It's no wonder the Dylan can't handle the truth!	
Sep 5 2008 	So so	Good points - central Manhattan location. Seemed clean. Staff were friendly.Not good - dark gloomy rooms (I asked to be moved which to their credit they accomodated but it wasn't much better). Dark gloomy public areas of the hotel tooDidn't eat there so can't comment on the adjacent restaurant - seemed to be busy though.Won't stay there again.There will come a time in the not too distant future where we will look back laugh and say 'do you remember when there were 'boutique' hotels' - like some naff 80s fashion...sooner the better in my opinion.	
Jun 22 2008 	No A/C very noisy	The air conditioning was broken and I stayed there in the middle of recent heat wave. I would expect free water or even offer to move to another hotel in NYC but they did not really bother. Plus the place is very very noisy!	
Apr 22 2008 	Great location but beware of where your room is situated!!	When we arrived, we were very pleased with the location of the hotel - just around the corner from Grand Central Station and within walking distance of loads of tourist attractions.We were told that we had an upgrade to kingsize - great we thought!! Our room was on the 8th floor. It was small, dark and smelt of smoke. It was at the back of the hotel so there was also the noise of the air con. unit! The staff were very helpful and gave us a choice of 2 other rooms on the 14th floor - one at the back (again with the air con. noise and one at the front). The one we decided on was a lovely, light room at the front of the hotel. It was a queensize room but was clean, tidy, light and quiet.We would stay here again because of the location but would pre-book our room!! Staff very helpful and friendly.	
Apr 14 2008 	Disappointing Dylan	Great location. Friendly staff. Expensive restaurant. Rooms small and dark. Would not go back. Better hotels for same money.	
Mar 29 2008	Great Location Staff 	Dylan Hotel, located in midtown Manhattan in NYC, offered a great location for business, restaurants and sights to see. The staff was very attentive and helpful during my stay. To improve the customer's experience the Dylan should freshen up the decor and invest in better lighting.	
Mar 27 2008	Good Experience	I was in NYC last week and stayed for three nights at the Dylan. I travel extensively on business and for pleasure and have stayed at many NYC hotels in the three and four star categories. So I know what to expect. I was concerned after reading some of the reviews on this site that my experience at the Dylan would be unpleasant. However, it most certainly was not. The location was excellent for my business meeting and train trip being so close to Grand Central. Moreover, the room was clean, not closet-sized and quite comfortable. While the bathroom does lack a vanity with counter space, I was able to use the glass shelves above the toilet for my toiletries without problem. I also liked the walk-in shower and found the water temperature to be consistent and the pressure very good. The staff from front desk to doormen to bellmen were universally helpful, accommodating and exceedingly polite. I was quite pleased with my stay and would return if I need to be around 41st St. again.	
Mar 20 2008 	Excellent	Excellent location and value for money.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great small hotel in quieter part of town	This is a great small hotel in the city. It is in a slightly quieter part about 5 minutes from 5th Avenue, which is quite a relief after a full day in the city. The rooms are spacious for a small hotel with high ceilings. I would recommend avoiding rooms at the back of the hotel where we were as there is a pretty noisy air conditioning unit. The staff are very friendly and we can strongly recommend the restaurant. The steak is exceptional and the service equally good. We would definitely stay again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Stay at the Dylan	Dylan Hotel, Midtown, NYCDate: February 17, 2008Reviewer: CodymaeThe Dylan is a European style hotel with a great central location. On average I stay in hotels 12-20 times per year. I found the Dylan to be very comfortable... Great value. Friendly staff. As a single woman, I felt very safe and comfortable. Great amenities... including bathrobe &amp; slippers. Would definitely go back.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good Boutique Hotel - a few problems	I stayed here mid January for three nights and was actually quite pleasantly surprised. Because I stay in NYC hotels at least 2-3 times a year, I pretty much know what to expect for the $300-$400 a night price range - small clean room, tiny bathroom, little to no view. I think once one's expectations are thus lowered, one can start looking at other details!The queen size bed in 1106 was super comfortable - I absolutely adored the feather pillows, however a friend of mine, also staying in the hotel, hates feather pillows and was unable to get an alternative. The room was very clean, as was the bathroom. I particularly enjoyed the nightly turn down service (with chiocolates) and the bathroom amenities, shower gel, shampoo, conditioner etc which are packaged in chemistry type jars - very cool. There is a mini bar in the room (with non mini charges for the items contained within) and a coffee pot with complimentary coffee. Service was impeccable from the front desk, bellman, room service to restaurant and bar, I experienced them all and had no complaints.I enjoyed the lobby, although not big, it did have plenty of seating room with complimentary copies of NY Post and USA Today.The location is fabulous, especially if you want to be in midtown. The price was average, just under $300 a night for a standard queen room.The areas of concern and opportunity - The shower temperature would fluctuate from just perfect, to icy cold several times within a 20 minute span. At first, I reacted, as anyone would, by turning the the temp control more towards hot, resulting in scalding water hitting me once the hot water returned, Needless to say, I soon learned to suffer through the few moments of cold without touching the control! There were 7 of us staying in separate rooms - we all had the same problem.The heat in my room was suffocating - and it wasn't even turned on! There was absolutely no way, that I could tell, to effectively regulate the temperature in my room. I even had someone up to look at the strange thermostat (which didn't seem to work at all) and he agreed that my heat wasn't even on. Thank goodness I was able to open a window - I kept it open, in NYC in January for the entire 3 days I was there, and it still was very warm in my room. That give you an idea of how stifling it was. The lighting in the room is very good for those of us who think &quot;green&quot; and want to save energy, however, it truly was substandard. Even with all the lights on, the room had that eerily green flourescent glow, and I found it hard to read, even with my glasses on. This was also true in the bathroom - not easy to apply make-up for some of us middle aged women!.Bathroom had little to no space to put your own toiletries etc. and had no bath tub - which didn't bother me, but bothered others in my group.If you are looking for a view, don't expect one here - we all ended up with views of the windows of an office building directly next to the hotel - I kept my drapes closed at all times for obvious reasons. I'm sure there are some rooms with better views, we just didn't get any!There is some scaffolding around the building - however, I really had no objection to this.All in all, I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The issues, to me, were minor and the good far outweighed the bad. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location	Me and my partener stayed in the Dylan over the New Year 2007/8 and found the whole experience very good. The hotel is on the small size but the rooms are big for NewYork - the beds are huge!! Overall the rooms were a little tired and could do with a freshen up - but the location makes up for this - for most travellers the hotel is used a base for sightseeing and shopping.	
Jan 20 2008 	Clean good location but nothing special	My husband and I stayed at the Dylan Hotel for three nights in January. We paid $259 per night, which with tax came to $300 a night. Midtown location was very convenient, as was the super-close proximity to Grand Central Station.Service was pleasant, the room and bathroom were both spotless. Kingsize bed was great. Ipod docking station in the room. Easily adjustable thermostat kept the room cozy. The rooms look just like the photos posted. Our view was of another building, but it was far enough away that we did see daylight.Very design-y, in an almost self-consciously 'we're so cool' way. Bathroom was pretty but not very functional. We found it amusing that there was a sign asking us to save the earth by hanging up our towels. Unfortunately, there were no towel racks (just one hook). Drinking glasses in the bathroom were Pyrex beakers. Hmmm. Loved that there was a business center for guests on the third floor. While there was a charge for internet use, it was great not having to lug my laptop along on the trip.With all of the hotels to choose from, we probably would not stay here again. I'd love to try the Library Hotel across the street.If you stay here, be sure to check out the bronze &quot;library&quot; plaques imbedded in the sidewalk along 41st. They are very fun!	
Jan 19 2008 	Nice Hotel for the Price	I ended up at the Dylan for two nights at the last minute since few other hotels were available at the time. I was concerned because of several of the earlier very negative reviews. There was no reason to worry. First, this hotel is definitely not 4 Star as some seem to think it is. It is really fairly basic accomodations, but for the price in New York it was more than adequate. This is a list of what I experienced.  -Good location, very convenient to public transportation-Staff was friendly-Small room but clean and comfortable-Fairly quiet for a hotel in the city (I was on the 8th floor)-Not a lot of restaurants in the immediate area, but enoughAs mentioned in earlier reviews, the lighting is a little dim, the heat does not seemed to be controlled in the room (although it was fine in my room), and the bathroom is interesting with the lack of shelf space. Many things like this can be expected in older facilities and I probably wouldn't have even noticed if I hadn't read some of these reviews.So if you are looking for a 4 Star experience, you should go somewhere else. If you are looking for basic, comfortable accomodations at a reasonable price (especially for NY), then the Dylan is a hotel to consider. I would have rated this as average but the reasonable price made it above average for what it cost.	
Dec 30 2007	Excellent Hotel	I spent 4 nights at the Dylan in November and thought it was a fantastic hotel.The porters were helpful and friendly and the reception staff couldn’t have been more accommodating. Our room was big, with a big bathroom and comfy beds. The only disappointment was the scaffolding outside our window, which meant the view was spoiled, but who goes to New York to stay and look at the view from their hotel room window?The room was clean and warm and surprisingly quiet considering the location (5 mins walk to Grand Central Station).We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but it looked busy most nights. For breakfast you can't beat the Vegetable Garden about 4 doors to the right of the Dylan - they sold the most amazing blueberry muffins.All in all the Dylan exceeded my expectations and is a perfect base to explore the city from.	
Nov 29 2007 	Nice weekend	I will tell the excellent time I have at Dylan Hotel, from the chek-in to the awful chek-out, I didn´t want to go from that place.Months Ago I went to Blue Tulum, and I was shocked with the place, I thought that there are no nice hotels rounds new york, but Dylan is a nice, clean and beatiful one. I went with my girl, and stay in a Luxury queen, the roomwas very comfortable and spacious.About the people I have to say that is very confortable to go to a hotel and find nice people that understand every needs a guest have.Place: beatiful, it is near evrything, shoppings, theatre, subway!Conclusion: highly recomended!	
Nov 16 2007 	Oh dear	I did read the other reviews before I stayed at this hotel - but it was a bit late for me to change my booking as we were staying the Marathon Weekend. Staff - unhelpful and slow, Rooms - shabby and cold, Location - not bad, but then it is NYC so could'nt really be bad. I have stayed in NYC four times previously and in a wide range of hotels both areas and prices - this was the worst by a long shot - I am not easy to please but this was just plain awful.	
Oct 29 2007 	Last time at the Dylan	This will be my second and last stay at the Dylan. It has lost its ability to deliver the trendy luxurious experience I remember from my last visit. My room was in total disrepair between the worn carpet, worn and nicked furniture and the mold in the bathroom. I found the mini bar half full, and the service to the room slow or non-existent. I should not have to supply the concierge with all the information to a restaurant to have a simple reservation made. With so many other good hotels in New York this was a huge disappointment, and I won’t be returning.	
Oct 28 2007 	Disappointing	Stayed at the Dylan for 6 nights in October. The location of the hotel is amazing, just off 5th avenue, near grand central, brilliant. However, the hotel was nothing special. It is certainly not a boutique hotel. The room was very standard, the bathroom was very small with no bath, no view outside the window, looked onto an office block, the room was very dark, with little light coming into the room, which was a nightmare for my girlfriend doing her make-up. The porter at the door was rubbish, didn't help with bags, didn't open the door (which was his job) and didn't have any of the usual new york friendliness. Don't believe any of the reviews you here about the friendly reception, they are the worst thing about the hotel, never gave eye contact, never said hello or goodbye on arrival or departure, totally useless!!!!!Other than that New York is Great!!!!!Try a hotel called 'the library' which is on the same street, looked like a proper boutique hotel.	
Oct 28 2007	Nothing special	Hotel has an excellent location for the tourist sites. Grand Central is just around the corner, Times Square and the Empire State Building are all in walking distance. The hotels sells itself as a boutique hotel but in reality is just a plain ordinary hotel. Shower room is small, no bath. Our room needed a good clean, there was a fair layer of dust on the bedside tables and on the curtains which fell off when they were drawn.Staff serving breakfast were poor, got the impression they would rather not be there.	
Oct 27 2007 	Perfectly fine	I stay in Midtown regularly on business and am used to small NYC hotel rooms and the noise of being in the centre of things.This trip was a vacation trip with older relatives on their first trip so was keen for it to be a success. I needn't have worried.The staff were &quot;NYC friendly&quot;, both on reception in greeting and the bell staff.The rooms were well equipped, clean and spacious by NYC standards and the bathrooms very generous. I never have breakfast or dinner in hotels where there is choice and there certainly is in this area. Pershing Square is excellent for breakfast and there are many dining choices nearby. If you want more space and luxury, The Library and the Bryant Park are opposite/nearby but nearly twice the price.	
Oct 18 2007	Great hotel	The 4 of us stayed there Oct.10-13. Although we were supposed to arrive Oct. 9, due to weather, the flight was diverted to Buffalo, NY the night of Oct. 9. When we arrived the next day, a day later than we expected, the Dylan staff put us in an upgraded room. When we found out construction was to begin outside our window, they again upgraded us to a larger suite!! We apprecitate them and the staff is wonderful. We will stay there again. (Bus from Newark aiport stops about 1 block from hotel, the Grand Central stop).	
Oct 7 2007	no way is the dylan a 4 star hotel	I stayed at the Dylan at the end of September with my daughter and found the experience rather lacking as we were given a room on the second floor ( word of warning do not except a room on the second floor) First off when we got off the elevator on our floor we were met by 3 huge skips of dirty laundry which I thought would be gone the next morning but they were still there 2 days later,the tv didn't work at all and the air con was only just working but we were tired and it was late so we just went to bed. Next morning I opened our curtains and couldn&quot;t believe what I was looking at, a building site right outside our window, not in another building but right outside our window and the room was so dark I couldn't even put my makeup on. I went down to reception and complained that the room was a disgrace and that at nearly $400 a night it was unexceptable so they moved all our things to the 11th floor which was just a tad brighter but I still had to lean out of the window for enough light to do the makeup. The shower head fell off the wall, over all the whole experience was awful.I would never stay here again but the one good thing about the Dylan was it's location shame about the sub standard everything.It could have been a fabulous place if the upkeep had been seen to, as it was it was shabby and not worth the money, much prefer the W.	
Sep 24 2007 	May have been good once....	I was looking forward to staying at the Dylan and after the normal stop start taxi ride from JFK wanted something special. However, on arrival I found the hotel to be covered in scaffolding and next door to a large building refurbishment. The staff were welcoming at check-in but when I enquired about a delayed check-out the welcome vanished. The room was small but with tall ceilings making you feel as though you where at the bottom of a well, this coupled with the non-stop sound of air-conditioning plant from outside did not make me feel as though I was in a four-star hotel. I suspect that, when new, the room was very trendy but several surfaces had had the paint rubbed off with ware and the room was rather dingy with lamps that did not give out sufficient light to adequately light it. The bathroom was small but normal for city hotels, however there was no place to put toiletries or even to hang towels. I managed to get a reasonable night’s sleep but only with the use of ear plugs and I was very happy to on my way the following day.	
Sep 21 2007 	Awfull	this is not a four star hotel. staff is rude except the bell man. no heat in hotel. freezing cold and not willing to give us a space heater. they treated me horrible. and i did not sleep for 4 nights. awfull in everyway.	
Aug 30 2007 	Below average in every way	I stayed at the Dylan for one night in late August 2007. Except for very good service from the bell man, the entire stay was very, very average. Despite its attempt to have a cool vibe, the interiors are dark, small, and quite dreary. It has the feel of a former rooming house that has been spiffed up with trending window dressing. But the result is kind of sad and pathetic, not interesting and fun. The front desk staff is horrid---I dealt with three different folks and they never once cracked a smile or even looked me directly in the eye. Maybe they just hate working in the dark, closed foyer. The bell man, however was great. Lively, friendly, and very helpful. Got me a driver to LaGuardia that was cheaper than a cab. The rooms are a decent size, but again, very dark and odd. The bed, though, was quite comfortable and the room had a fan setting that drowned out noise beautifully. The worst part of my experience was the workout room--a little closet with some cardio equipment wedged inside. I was so put off by it that I took a long morning walk instead of using it.I wouldn't stay here again--there are lots of better hotels in NYC at this price point.	
Aug 26 2007 	Loud and Uncomfortable	We were very disappointed with our recent stay at The Dylan. The room was fine but no turndown service and few of the amenities I'd expect at a 4-star hotel. The bed was terribly uncomfortable and only 2 pillows for the bed which were squishy and horrible. What was most unbearable was the noise -- our room was on 41st Street and we could hear every single honking horn, siren and garbage truck, not to mention a line of floats parked in front of the hotel starting in the early morning, some of which tested their music at full blast at 9:00 in the morning. We realize that the hotel had little control over parade floats, but it was so loud and uncomfortable, we changed hotels as soon as we woke up in the morning. I would not recommend that anyone stay there if they want a good night's sleep.	
Aug 20 2007 	Dylan is a mess	After reading several reviews on many hotels, and specially on this one, i decided to spend four nights at the Dylan. What a big mistake. We booked an Executive Room and it was small, dark, no individual air conditioning temperature control, with tired looking and chewed furniture everywhere in the room. The bed was comfortable but the blanket was stained and we missed more pillows (we had just two in the all room) Our room faced the front of the hotel, and there was a maintenance work going on, so no very nice views at all. The bathroom: SOOO TIRED ! needs an urgent updating and reparing. The towels: Not enough towels, were gray and extremely rough (dont' bring exfoliator) .The turn down servide : Is it a joke???? The service doesn't exist. Overall , the housekeeping servide was a mess!! The last day we arrive to our room at 4 pm and we has to call asking to make up our room.We wait almost 50 minutes for the housekeeper to come. A lot of problems with toiletries replacements and bathroom cleanliness. The breakfast: Needs an special chapter.... I just will say that better spend your money somewhere else, but if you want to see the worst service ever seen, with an empty buffet at 9 a.m (no spoons, plates, eggs, sausages.....) try their breakfast.Of course, we tried to cancel our reservation for the last 3 days and go to some other hotel, but is was prepaid and we couldn't do that.I would definilety not recomend this hotel to anyone. Please, consider going to any other hotel, for the same money, you can have a nice experience somewhere else.	
Aug 16 2007	Average at Best	There are a wealth of options in Manhattan, even the Library Hotel (which, incidentally is a terrific hotel) just across the street at comparable rates. Unless otherwise compelled by business, I would not stay here. It may have once been a hip, urban boutique hotel, however, it has lost its shine. The hotel is dark, dirty and tired. My room faced the back of the hotel, therefore, all evening I listened to the persistent loud hum of the ventilation system. If you must stay at the back of the hotel, insist to be on at least the 6th floor. The towels are thin and gray. The bed comfortable enough, but do not expect more than a double sheeted thin blanket. The closet barely holds the 2 robes the hotel provides. All the furniture corners are chewed. Staff is nice enough, however, management should start thinking about spending some real money on a soft renovation. I have lived in Manhattan for a number of years, and return often for business . . . keep looking.	
Jul 7 2007 	Disappointing Dylan	After reading the other reviews, I was looking forward to staying at the Dylan and had booked two separate stays there. However, my family and I were very disappointed. The staff was welcoming at check-in and nice in general. The room was an adequate size with tall ceilings. We had a &quot;double double&quot; and one bed was collapsed in the middle. The room was generally rather run down, dingy and dreary, with low wattage light bulbs in too few lamps. The bathroom was very small, with no place to put toiletries or even to hang towels once they were used. The cold water faucet at the sink turned the wrong way so when we would turn it to shut off the water, water would gush out. Given the shape of the sink, the water sprayed all over (on us and on the floor) until we got used to turning it the wrong way to shut it off. The room generally was not comfortable and we were glad to leave. I would not consider this to be a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination. Needless to say, I cancelled our second reservation.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great hotel in midtown	Great staff - helpful and courteous - a brilliant location too. The building is lovely and the dining room/restaurant is has loads of original features. We stayed there on the first night of our first trip to New York after our flight being delayed for hours. When we arrived absolutely starving, the receptionist directed us to a deli which was still open at Midnight and we had the most delicious sandwich which we still talk about to this day. Really close to Grand Central Station, The Library, Chrysler Building and a walk to Times Square and the Empire State Building. A lovely hotel - I would recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in Midtown and do sight seeing.	
May 30 2007 	Nirvana in New York City!	After a terrible experience at another hotel close by, we chose the Dylan for its good reviews and affordability. It ended up being the best part of our trip! The modern theme of this boutique hotel does not take away from its comfort with a great layout, space and furniture. Because it was so affordable for NYC, we opted for the executive suite and had plenty of room for two travellers with a lot of luggage. There was even a cozy sofa with pullout as part of the full living room set up. The decor was amazing, a cute, mod layout with cooling blues and greens made for a luxuriously calming retreat after a day of running around the city -- we were actually excited to return early to our room! The staff downstairs was SO friendly and accomadating! When we told them our horror story down the street, they let us check in hours early and offered to send up special amenities to help us &quot;relax&quot;. They were also available to offer great suggestions for dining during our stay. Good location, and easy walk to Times Square and just a skip to Grand Central, although most businesses in the immediate area were closed for the weekend as it seems to be in a business district. Overall, great great space to come back to after a busy day in the city. It may not be the cheapest hotel in the city, but definately the best value!! We didn't want to leave!	
May 21 2007	Great Deal	We stayed at the Dylan for two nights at $289 per night via hotelconnextions.com. It was terrific at that price and hard to come by in NYC these days. The room was small but very clean as was the bathroom. The best part was the quiet. Many hotels can't insulate out the street noise. We didn't hear a thing...in the hall or street. It is a small place so there aren't groups of tourists and all that goes with large chain hotels. We would stay there again.	
May 20 2007 	Plesant surprise!	My husband and I went to NYC for a wedding in September and all the hotels were really expensive since it was the high season. Luckily we found a relatively good deal online for the Dylan hotel, and since it was near the wedding venue, we decided to try it out. The hotel is quite small and close to the Grand Central station, but it is easy to walk pass it without realising it because the entrance is quite discreet. We did not spend a lot of time at the hotel because we were out with friends most of time, but in general, we found the service very friendly and efficent esp. the porters/ doormen. The room was decent for NY standard, everything was modern and quite minimalist. The bathroom was a bit disappointing because there was no bath tub and not much room to put our toiletries. We did not eat in the hotel, but I have been to the bar previously and thought the cocktails and snacks were good. On the whole, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel and we would considering returning someday soon!	
May 9 2007 	mixed reviews	we stayed at the Dylan for 3 nigths on a girl getaway. It's in a great location and the staff is very pleasant. But I'm glad we booked through Venere.com and only paid 259$/night. The rack rate was above 500$. The room was a bit worn out, in need of painting and a fresh carpet, but very clean. I'm only saying, try to get it on a discount web site instead of paying full price.	
May 5 2007 	Fab Location!	For a first trip to NY this hotel was in a perfect location! It's right in the middle of everywhere you want to get to - 5th Ave, Times Square, Rockefeller etc but at the same time is tucked away enough to give a good nights sleep.. no street noise for us - although we were on the back of the hotel and had the constant hum of the air con in the background and the room had little natural light. However we were up and out breakfast to midnight so not too concerned. Would recommend this hotel to friends.	
Apr 30 2007 	Stay at the Dylan - let Liza sort it all out	The Dylan is a well-located, cool hotel w/ beautiful lighting throughout and several other nice features, but the standout reason to recommend it is Liza at the front desk who really makes you feel like you're her personal guest. She's really efficient but also really relaxed and just fun combined with excellent commonsense and fabulous memory. Good thing she seems to be there 24 / 7, the place just wouldn't be the same without. her	
Apr 12 2007	My Favourite Place Ever	My Partner and I stayed at the Dylan Hotel and decided to try out the Restaurant before we went to the Bryan Adam's Concert in January 2007. To our surprise we had the best meal ever in our lives, that is if you like Steak that is. We liked it so much we invited my Sister and Her Partner to join us for a meal on the Sunday before we left. They had taken us to Les Halles on the Saturday night and had gone by themselves to Per Se on the Friday Night. They were just blown away by the quality and ambiance of the Restaurant. The Manager Victor and His Staff were amazing, really attentive and friendly. Not what you would expect for a Restaurant in Mid Town New York.	
Mar 28 2007 	Thumbs up.	I met my wife here, who was here on business/pleasure, on a Saturday after she had been here 2 nights already. I stayed only one night. The staff was great. They were courteous, helpful and accommodating. The room was as expected for Manhattan, small. The décor was stylishly modern with really high ceilings. The bathroom was also pretty small with little counter space. We had an interior facing room so not a lot of noise to worry about but at the same time not a lot of natural light. The hotel’s location was perfect for us. Grand Central Station was only 2 blocks away which gave us easy access to the subway. It is also only about 4 blocks from Times Square and about 8 blocks from Rockefeller Center. There was also some shooting for a new Will Smith flick taking place practically outside the lobby. That was fun. The wireless worked ok on the fourth floor which allowed this geek to keep in touch. We never visited the in-house restaurant or bar so we can’t comment on it but they looked quite nice. Overall, our stay was very nice. The limited space aside, we were happy with our experience.	
Mar 8 2007 	what a lovely hotel	we stayed at the dylan for 3 nights march 2nd -5th. i was really impressed,the staff were all really helpful and polite.the room was spotless,lovely clean battroom.i have no faults with it whatsoever	
Feb 27 2007	Excellent little hotel	It was sparkling clean, the rooms were well appointed and very quiet. Since the building used to be the Chemists Club, it was a cute touch to use laboratory beakers as drinking glasses in the bathroom. The location was very convenient and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful	
Jan 29 2007 	The best!	HiThe Dylan is a wonderful place to stay to explore New York. The staff are extremely friendly, efficient and helpful. The rooms are clean, comfortable and large. The position of the Dylan is great - especially for a first time visitor - access to the subway via Grand Central means you can get anywhere very easily. The room service is great when your feet hurt so much you couldn't move any more ;-)I highly recommend the Dylan and will definitely stay there the next time I go to New York. It made the whole stay pleasurable beginning to end.cheersSpendyscot	
Jan 16 2007 	it's ok	The room are small. compare to Texas hotel,but normal for New York. The hotel staff are super nice and friendly! the location is good. You're only a block away from grand central station. the hotel was really close to the subway. There is a deil called Charlie that open 24hrs and have some good late night food. PROBLEM: the sink is really small! when you turn on the water, the water will splash to the floor. You will you hit your head on the mirrow when you split into the sink( that how small they are). My friends had a room on the 7th floor and their sink was a bowl shape which was a little bigger but still tiny. the water pressure to take a shower was low. There were no counter space which made it hard to get ready for a girl.I might stay here again if I came to new york by myself.	
Jan 15 2007 	exceeded expectations	The Dylan was such a wonderful experience for a first time NYC traveler. After overpacking I was very pleased to find that Grand Central was litterly a 1-2 minute walk from the hotel. When we checked in to our room it was very nice, but way to hot... THe room was litterly 95 degrees. I called down to the front desk and they happily gave us a different room. The first impression of the rooms there are CLEAN!! all the bedding is white and the bathroom shines!! The staff was kind and very helpful. They got us cabs if we needed it, made dinner reservations for us and gave us tips about the city. We ate dinner one night at the resturant in the hotel, we ordered the steak for two and it was hands down the best steak we both have ever had!! One of our friends lives in the city and came up to our room, she had never heard of our hotel and was very surpirsed to find the room very large at a reasonable price. I would highly recommened this hotel and I will personally be staying here again!!	
Dec 20 2006 	Skip it...	Generally friendly staff doesn't make up for the total lack of daylight and bathrooms the size of closets...	
Dec 2 2006 	do not judge the book by its cover - it's not as good as it looks	My cousin and I planned our first trip to NYC for Thanksgiving week. We narrowed down the list of hotels from a few websites with photos. WOW, were we duped!!! Dylan Hotel online photos fooled us. We thought it would be an art-decco hotel with neon lights and San Francisco comfort. We had a double room (2 double beds) and the beds were comfortable. Plenty of storage space in the room for clothes (dresser drawers and closet). But the TV didn't receive local stations (on Thanksgiving week - didn't get to see TODAY show!) But the bathroom was a joke. Spacious enough for walking around in, but no counter space for toiletries, the sink and faucet were mismatched sizes so every time you turned on the sink faucet, your feet were wet because of the spatter. The shower curtain didn't quite cover the tub, so there was constantly water on the floor. We had to dry our hair and apply make up in the bedroom in front of the full length mirror because the bathroom didn't have any counter space. Ugh... The front desk was helpful enough and the restaurant was excellent. I just wouldn't stay here a second time for $358/night. We did like the location, felt safe the entire time. But will look for different accommodations for our next trip in March 07.	
Nov 28 2006 	Great service great location 	Just returned from a 4 night stay at The Dylan. Arrived late on pre-Thanksgiving day and front desk staff could not have been more helpful in checking us in and organising food. Room was very comfortable but overlooking offices and bed was sublime!Location was great - so close to everything that we could walk to most places and because 41st is not a cross-town route, it was incredibly quiet yet we had no probs getting cabs. Congratulations to all the staff - you should all be very proud of the tight ship that you run!	
Nov 15 2006 	Great hotel location rooms and freindly staff !!!	Stayed at the Dylan for 5 nights and had a fantastic stay. We had a basic room with a king size bed, and it felt really spacious and not at all small like other New York hotel rooms can be. As the ceilings are really high, the room felt a lot bigger then it really was.Bathroom was fine and clean, and perfect for what we needed.Staff were really friendly, helpful and attentive to our requirements. Our flight wasn't till late so we were given a late checkout plus they stored the luggage. Location of the hotel is perfect. Can walk to everywhere and Grand Central is just 1 block away. I can't think of any faults with the hotel. We didn't really open the curtains of the room, as there was an office block facing our windows and you could see people through the windows. This really didn't cause us any issues, as we had the curtains drawn mostly when we were in the room. I preferred to do that rather then have a noisy room overlooking the main road.Oh and the wireless internet access did work in our room.In summary, great stay and would recommend the hotel to others !!	
Oct 25 2006	Quiet and charming - I'll definitely return	The Dylan Hotel is perfect for a business traveler -- great location (near Grand Central Station) but on a quiet street so you don't hear the city that never sleeps while you're trying to sleep. (In fact, even straining my ears I couldn't hear a sound all night, inside or outside the hotel.)I thought the &quot;chemistry&quot; touches were charming -- a petri dish for the soap dish, beakers for drinking glasses (which turned out to be very useful for filling the iron with water!).The bed was very comfortable, and there was no sign of any dreaded polyester bedspreads (a deal-breaker for me at a hotel). All the bedcoverings were washable. As with the linens, the whole place was clean and modern. The wireless internet doesn't really work, but a call to the front desk had a nice man with an ethernet cable at my door within three minutes. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great location	The Dylan is a very comfortable, clean hotel just one block from Grand Central Station, making transit around Manhattan so easy!The check-in was a little tricky, since they couldn't find our reservation for 10 minutes.....The room had high ceilings so it felt much larger than it really was.Very quiet and clean. The bathroom is all marble.I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 15 2006 	Pleasantly surprised	We just spent six nights at the Dylan and were pleasantly surprised. We had read the bad reviews about the staff, and obviously the Dylan's manager had too. The staff could not have been more helpful, polite, and welcoming. Our bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet. Having the coffee maker and frig in the room was a luxury that even the Millenium does not provide - and they are at least $100 more per night. The only &quot;con&quot; we found was the darkness of the room. We would definitely stay at the Dylan again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Love the Dylan!	I stayed at the Dylan the weekend of Oct. 5th and had a fabulous time! The hotel is small, but it is extremely inviting and the staff is superb. The bellboys were sweet and accomodating. The frontdesk was informative and answered all of our questions, they didn't even flinch when we arrived very late one evening and had lost our key. They simply smiled and handed us a brand new set. Our room was just the right size and the beds were so comfortable it was hard to get up in the mornings. The bathrooms were very clean and brightly lit. Room service was excellent, especially the Lobster Bisque. The hotel is in a great location just across from Grand Central and close to 5th Avenue shopping. We will definitely stay here again, and we're telling all our friends to do the same!	
Oct 9 2006	OK but very cold	The Dylan is in a nice area and is very close to most to the attractions. Check in was very quick and easy. The room was large and clean but very cold.Breakfast was OK, not large amounts to choose from but enough.I would recommend staying here as it is a nice hotel.	
Oct 4 2006	Great Bed at The Dylan!	I stayed in the Dylan after staying the preceeding nights at The Library Hotel which is literally a few doors down 41st Street. I agree that the block is great in terms of being quiet. No noise complaints at either hotel, though I definitely preferred the Library.That said, the Dylan had the better bed! Our room (901) had a nice big layout with a king bed that was really comfy. The bathroom is huge and really neat looking. Everything is very modern stylistically. If space is your chief concern in a NY hotel, the Dylan gave us plenty of room for two to share a space. Service was great! We asked for non-down pillows and they were delivered quickly. When we check in, our first room smelled like cigarette smoke and we were immediately moved to a better smelling room. When the wireless internet signal was weak, we were given an ethernet cable to attach to the wall outlet.Downsides:-I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to open a window in our room-The curtains made the room very dark, but if you opened them then you let the people across the street look into the room.-The elevators took a while and seemed old and rickety	
Sep 26 2006 	Liked it very very much	Great service, great (but pricey) restaurant, very clean rooms, etc. But this is what counts: despite it being in the heart of the city, I was SO surprised at how quiet it is. You don't hear the honking cabbies, ambulances, people yelling on the street, etc. This was great but the bad part is the reason behind it. All rooms are facing either a brick wall or another building which is all offices and so close, they can help you pick out an outfit. It's bad enough to not have a view but the need to keep your curtains drawn all day (unless you are into people seeing you naked) is depressing. Nonetheless, I am very happy with The Dylan and certainly plan on returning.	
Sep 4 2006 	Excellent experience	Stayed at this hotel for four nights in late July and confimr that the staff is attentive, location terrific, rooms comfortable. It is in the building of the old Chemist's Club so there are some witty touches such as beakers in place of water glass in the bathroom. Bed extremely comfortable, and has practical touches such as iron and ironing board etc.	
Aug 13 2006 	Loved the Dylan	I recently stayed at the Dylan for 4 nights in NYC. The staff members were all very nice and helpful. I had an executive room and it was very nice. The bathroom was WONDERFUL very large and all marble with jet tub and seperate all glass shower with great pressure. They provide hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion, shower caps and shoe shine cloth. Every night they had a chocolate on the bed in a little bag. The bed was very comfortable and feather pillows, nice sheets and the room was VERY clean and smelled nice.They have wine and glasses in the room for sale along with a mini bar. The only thing that could improve would be air conditioning in the halls and elevator, it was over 100 during the stay and they were having air conditioning issues, the room was comfortable, but not as cool as I like it. They were in the process of repairs and on the last day it was cold in my room. In all fairness the temp was so high I'm sure it would be hard to keep any place cool. It was a great location very short walk to Grand Central. Anything I called and asked for they delivered within 10 minutes. In all, the Dylan is a 4 star in my book and will be my first choice when I visit again.	
Aug 4 2006 	Dylan is the place to stay!	Arrived at the Dylan at 7am and the staff were extreemely accomodating in checking us into our room early. The king room we got on the 9th floor is just as the website photos... beutiful decor, bathroom and overall feel. AC was powerful and cool. View was of an office block, but hey who sits in their rooms looking out windows? Very hot in hallways and elevators..but we were there during the heatwave.We found all of the staff to be a great help. Our TV was playing up a little, but fixed promptly. The location is amazing. 1 minutes walk to Grand Central station and the subway. Buses are 20 metres away. Wireless connection was absolutely fine in our room. Didnt eat in the hotels restaurant as so many options near by. Times sq is only a couple of blocks away. Turn down service and papers in the morning are nice touches. We will definately be back.	
Jul 18 2006	2 thumbs up for Dylan	Stayed here for 3 nights in early June 2006 &amp; really enjoyed the room. Much more spacious &amp; clean over other hotels we've stayed at in NYC. We booked over the Internet &amp; paid for a king but they initially installed us in a room with a Queen. It took 2 phone calls to Reception plus a visit and a wait of over an hour to get moved. This was the only glitch in an otherwise very nice stay. The staff were very nice &amp; the bellboys did a fantastic job getting us a taxi when it was pouring rain in Friday rush hour. The beds &amp; linens are excellent and the dark curtains made for a long slepp; the bathrobes &amp; slippers are a nice touch. Only 2 complaints about were the bathroom is short of counter/storage space for toiletries and the constant hum of HVCA systems is rather noisy, but it's constant so we still managed to sleep through it. We generally found it very quiet there &amp; since we live in the countryside &amp; not in a city, we are used to extreme quiet so we slept well. It's very close to Grand Central Stn which is great. There aren't many good class restaurants in the area so you have to travel to find somewhere to eat for dinner. We found a great food market in Grand Central plus a wine store there. We did eat at their restaurant one evening &amp; had a reasonably decent, altho expensive, meal. I would certainly return to this hotel &amp; would recommend it to others.	
Jun 27 2006 	great location	i stayed here for 1 week for business.i had also read the somewhat dubious reviews and so was a little wary of staying there.firstly it is a boutique hotel so it is smaller and less &quot;grand&quot; than the big chains. but thats ok if you aren't spending the whole day in. the staff on sunday were a little sparse but ok. during the weekdays they were more lively and helpfulnever needed to eat in, as just right outside to the left and right there is starbucks and several bagel/coffee places.i loved that is was right behind grand central station. (there is a good food court in the basement of it, plus you should try the oyster bar restaurant too)the room i had was ok. the bed was huge (queensize) the bathroom had only shower fascilties, but in the summer who wants to take a bath anyway?the view we had was facing the office block opposite, so not too interestingone thing though, the bathroom floor is marble so very slippery. use the bath mat provided to help with that.the tv was sometimes a little fuzzy but you can adjust the antennae on the top.they provide usa today for free each morning, but i opted for the NY times option but they never brought it.there is an iron and ironing board in the room.also the lift is really really slow.	
Jun 1 2006	Great location Great Value	I stayed at the Dylan for 3 nights over Memorial Day weekend, my parents stayed for 4 nights. We had a queen room and a King room. Given prior comments I was expecting the staff to be less than friendly or accommodating but found them just the opposite. They let me check in at 10:30 a.m. , get a late check out on departure, answered numerous tourism questions patiently for my parents, greeted us on the elevators and even went out of their way to get taxis for us around the corner. And the rate we got for NY was pretty darn good ($219/night). Given it is NYC the rooms were a decent size, you could walk freely around the beds and there was room to keep luggage stacked around if you so desired. Prior reviews on low lighting is true, more for style than illumination and the ceilings are enormously high so the light does get a little lost. Television reception was a problem in the fourth floor room but not in the 10th floor room. Hallways were not air conditioned so prior reviews were on the money there also and it was a warm weekend, the wait wasn't bad though.The location 1 block from Grand Central was great for all our sight-seeing and there was even a bonus street festival on madison Ave. around the corner on the day we left.I was very pleased with our choice, the hotel was comfortable, quiet, and a good value.	
Apr 27 2006 	Good location good staff okay rooms	I stayed here becuase I had been a guest at this hotel back in 2000 and really liked it. The lobby was the same, and the staff were reasonbly nice (though not always good at their jobs). That was it. The room I had this time was tiny - it was called an 'executive king&quot; and it made me fearful of what the normal rooms were like. I later learned that they had in fact sold out of the room type I had booked and given me a smaller one instead - when I complained, they put me in a room of similiar size with a jacuzzi. This practice is really irritating - I would have appreciated the room I booked or a discount for taking something smaller. The staff were at least up front in explaining the problem. Since the hotel was full, this was in fact a way of raising their rates. I'm sure they charged the guy in my room more than I was paying.The rooms, though tiny, were okay, but it took two calls to engineering to get things working. The television was not connected to the wall and the high speed internet was not working. The hotel claims it has wireless and may in fact have it on some floors, but not on the 16th floor or in the restaurant. The engineer explained to me that this was because the building was old and the signals don't go through the walls. I didn't laugh at him, but my computer was receiving signals from two other wireless networks from offices nearby. He must be new to his job.Housekeeping was okay, but they had the most annoying desire to restock the minibar at 10 am on weekends, even with the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign. Maybe they're new to hotels, but I'm not sure 10 AM is a good time to restock minibars. The drinks downstairs are okay, the food is only mediocre though. No big deal since you can walk or take the subway to eat anywhere in Manhattan very easily. I didn't encounter any surly staff - they were all pretty uniformly nice and attempted to be helpful. One front desk staff didn't quite know how to book a car service to go to Kennedy - he said that a taxi was the only way other than the bus. He must be new to his job too.	
Apr 18 2006	Great location in the middle of it all	I think it's worth noting that this was not the hotel that we originally booked. We were assigned the Paramount Hotel by Priceline for $105/night but at check in at the Paramount we were told that the hotel was undergoing renovations and that the Dylan Hotel would be accommodating us instead. I was impressed by the gesture of the Paramount paying for our cab fare to get to Dylan, about 7 blocks away. The Dylan hotel is a small boutique hotel with about 100 rooms located off of Madison Avenue. The location was convenient to Grand Central Terminal and the subway, less than 1 block away. I enjoy staying at these smaller boutique hotels because the staff seems more capable to help and the building is more unique than a large convention hotel. We go to New York a lot and are glad we were away from the touristy Time Square, without it being to far of a walk. Service was quite helpful and pleasant, contrary to what others say here. The room was large by NYC standards, high ceilings and a large, comfortable bad. There were several magazines provided in the room to help you plan out your day of what to see and do in the city. The bathroom was small but had a shower (no bathtub) and vanity. We did not use the restaurant but it looked quite nice, a destination for people to come to eat at, not just a place where hotel guests frequent. There was also a well stocked honor bar in the room with snacks and drinks in the room. The fitness center was small and we did not use it. Overall we were very pleased with this hotel, and an otherwise bad situation of getting our hotel changed turned out positively.	
Apr 5 2006	Staff could Care Less	The Dylan Hotel although equipped with nice hotel rooms, could care less whether you had a good stay. They do not greet with smiles, nor do they offer you a guide to the surrounding city. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived and our luggage was checked. This meant it was set out in the open in the lobby foyer. Overall, the rooms are nice, but the staff is lacking in hotel hospitality.	
Apr 5 2006	Nice hotel awful staff	I'm going to echo the sentiments of several others. The hotel itself was fine - comfortable rooms, roomy bathroom, great location. I thought the front desk staff was aloof and unhelpful. (The door man -- a cute little guy with a shaved head -- was great, though.)It seemed like the hotel operations weren't organized particularly well, either. We were scheduled to have 8 people staying in two rooms, so double beds were an obvious &quot;must have.&quot; When we checked in at noon, we were told that there were no double rooms available even though we had booked our trip several months in advance. So each room had four people and one bed - not so comfortable considering how much we were paying to stay there.In addition, we weren't able to check into our first room until 5:00, and we weren't given our second room until 6:30 -- a problem since our dinner reservation was at 7:00. Imagine 8 girls trying to crowd around one mirror to get ready for a night out.When we complained about having to wait, the staff was pretty ambivalent. In the end, we did get a discount on the rooms, but the experience left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Based on my experience, you can get much better service from other hotels in New York.	
Apr 4 2006	Cost a few Bob and not worth it	Stayed here for only 1 night in March 2006. Hotel is conveniently located near Grand Central Station and New York Public Library. Actually, I think its the street the tidal wave comes down in the film The Day After Tomorrow. Hotel entrance is pretty unassuming and would be easy to miss were it not for its gold branding and light boxes. We arrived at 8am from Puerto Rico and although our room was clearly ready, as the days previous occupants had been required to leave some 20 hours earlier, the accommodating receptionist told us we couldnt have a key until 3pm. This was completely unnecessary as we saw a mere two other guests during our whole stay in The Dylan. A minor irritation over, we left our bags for our penultimate day in New York.When we finally got access to the room (11th floor), it was surprisingly big and well presented. Two large windows, one of which could be almost fully opened, looked out over 41st St. Half of New York Public Library could be seen at the end of the street, although directly opposite, like most hotel rooms in New York, we had a view of just another very tall facade. (Given up thinking well ever accidentally find ourselves in a room overlooking Central Park or Times Square). Room had good storage and TV, and was fairly plush. Bathroom was much smaller in proportion (even smaller than the one at Hotel QT we had stayed in a week earlier), and was pretty plain and basic looking. The hotel occupies the site of the old Chemist Club and they had made a small nod at this connection by providing two chemists measuring beakers to put your toothbrushes in. At the risk of sounding like The Princess and The Pea, the bed was hard and the pillows cheap. However a fairly quite stretch of Manhattan road outside and reasonable double glazing meant we had a decent nights sleep. Theres a Starbucks on the corner if you fancy a coffee, but not much else nearby. In fact, just like the hotel, we rarely saw anyone even on the pavement outside.The bar downstairs (Chemists Club) was closed as we left so we never had a chance to use it. Staff had a cold, detached attitude, which could be regarded as normal in the UK, but comes as an unpleasant surprise when youve just spent a week in the US. The only staff members who do show a proactive side are the bellhops, who will quickly snatch your bags, but are less keen to engage in any friendly dialogue. If these guys rely on tips alone then God help them as they probably earned the sum total of my 8 dollars that whole weekend. Receptionists were on the whole quite unhelpful, and the whole place seemed to lack any team spirit or purpose. If a tsumani did come down 41st, I doubt any of them would even notice.If you just require a good quality spacious room in a convenient location then The Dylan Hotel may be for you, but if you are looking for more (service, facilities, bars, restaurants, theming etc) from a hotel then go elsewhere.	
Mar 28 2006 	Good experience	Stayed at the Dylan this past weekend. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was a good size (for NY) and was on a high enough floor that we couldn't hear the construction noises from the street below. The temperature control in the room didn't work the first night (it was a bit chilly) but was fixed within 10 minutes of asking about it. GREAT location. Will be staying here again in May and I'm really looking forward to it.	
Mar 2 2006	Great location no surprises	Always looking for a reasonable deal in Manhattan. Got a good rate, though not a busy time. Great mid-town location, close to GCentral. Pretty good size room with comfortable beds. Nothing very luxurious, but clean and well kept. Small, quiet and good value for the money $209.	
Feb 21 2006	great place	I had had some real panic after reading the reviews. The staff was wonderful. They were always there to help call a cab or a car for us , asking if we needed anything. The rooms was just what we thought it would be. My husband and I were there for our anniversary and the dinning staff was wonderful to us. We will be back!	
Feb 12 2006	Dylan average didn't wow me	We stayed at the Dylan from fri-mon, and paid $205/nt on their website. I have stayed in several hotels in Manhattan, for business &amp; pleasure, and thought the Dylan was average. If you get a good rate here, it might be worth it. But don't expect comfy duvets or a special stay. (See pics.)We stayed in a standard room, which was the usual small size for NYC. Our 11th floor room had a window, but not a view. There were three adults in our room, which seemed snug. With no overhead lighting, only bedside lamps, the room was poorly lit.The bathroom was slightly odd. There was no place to set your personal toiletries (see pics), and it was nearly impossible to wash your face in the sink. There are no towel rails, and only one hook. The shower also had poor water pressure, and once even stopped working in the middle of my shower. (It returned quickly after.)The free internet was a bonus. The wireless was intermittent. I was told that the old building was interferring with the signal. (?) Front desk brought me an ethernet cable.The Chemistry Club was usually quiet. (Don't expect The Royalton.) Even on Super Bowl Sunday, and at the start of NY Fashion Week (which all happens on the Dylan's doorstep at Bryant Park), the bar was empty.The hotel staff were fairly average as well. Front desk ordered a cab for us to JFK, which never came. We ended up hailing a cab, and were fine.Many of the average reviews here are spot on. All is true about the good location, but otherwise I wasn't blown away. Though the hotel served its purpose, and nothing was actively bad, I will stay elsewhere next time.	
Dec 23 2005	Better than expected!	Location: extremely close to Grand Central, not extremely convenient to take subway from JFK (one transfer involved). Not much in the area on wekeends after dark as far as restaurants, but walkable to other areas.Lobby: Very cute, chic, well appointed, with NY Times and USA Today available.Staff: Friendly, helpful, not sure what other reviewers were talking about. Doormen were almost always there and great about opening the door. Hallways: Sparse, carpet looked a bit worn.Bar: The Chemists Club, crowded in the evening with what looked like an after-work crowd. Good ambience. Room: Much bigger than expected. Desk and free easy-to use high speed wireless internet. When we had an issue, they sent someone up almost immediately with a cable, but the wireless started working again. Bathroom had no tub, but was cutely appointed with beakers for drinking glasses and had lotion, bath gel, shampoo, conditioner. TV had extensive selection of movies. Only one bathrobe, seemed an oversight in a double room. Minibar avaialable at the usual exorbitant prices, but there were also &quot;intimacy kits&quot; and first aid kits. The shower curtain was a bit tricky to maneuver, it was attached rather high, as was the shower head itself. No real view, but not expected in NY. Overall, it was a great stay, albeit an expensive one! I would stay there again!	
Nov 21 2005	Eye contact goes a long way.....	Just came back from a great weekend in New York!Stayed at the Dylan for 3 nights and have mixed feelings about this hotel.To start, considering the insane rates for a decent midtown hotel this past weekend, we got a fair rate. So with regards to the price tag, we were happy. Having read prior reviews, I was prepared for this hotel to not be &quot;service oriented&quot;, nor friendly. Well your reviews were dead on. Upon checking in, the &quot;clerk&quot; did not even lift his eyes from whatever he was doing, as he greeted us with &quot;Can I help you?&quot; I thought he was talking to his computer. It was a complete joke. It is as if this hotel goes out of its way to train their staff to be unfriendly! However, Chad was nice. The next night, when my friend called down to ask the conceirge a question, he barked at her, telling her he is too swamped to answer her right now (funny, considering, I never saw another sole in the hotel during our 3 day stay!) It just seems that a hotel should pride itself on customer sevice, hospitality and friendliness, and this hotel certainly does not.Apart from the staff though, our room was decent, bed comfortable(but not the pillows), room was quiet,only 2 elevators, but we never had to wait for one, and the location was great. Yet, with the hundreds of hotels to chose from in Manhattan, I will try some place else upon my next visit.	
Nov 6 2005 	Disappointing	First the good news, good location &amp; very competitve price for Oct/Nov . However the web page &amp; the reality of the rooms are miles apart, they were dark, no view, dull furnishings &amp; worn for a relatively new 'designer boutique' hotel. The reception area was dark/dull &amp; staff did not seem particularly helpful.	
Nov 5 2005	Staffed by the Surlys	The rooms are New York small, and noisy on the street side. But they are clean and pleasant enough. Trying very hard to be hip.The problem with the Dylan is that staff couldn't care less what happens to you. For example, the internet connection is free, but there is nothing in the room to tell you about it (it has both ethernet and wi-fi connections, but you only know that by trial and error). Tried to leave a wake up call with the automated system, it didn't work. Tried the operator at 11:00PM, no answer. Left the wake up call with the front desk. In the morning, no wake up call, no receipt upon checkout and no help getting a taxi on narrow 41st Street.For the same money, you can get an entry level room at the Waldorf and will be much happier.	
Oct 18 2005	Not quite the boutique experience	I was fairly disappointed with this hotel. I travel frequently to NY and have stayed in all different type of hotels from boutique to large chain in the city and I haven't been this disappointed in a hotel in quite a long time.First the positive:1. Location. It is steps away from Grand Central, and better yet, to the express bus stops to all three NYC airports, with buses that run every 30 minutes from 4 am to 1 am or so. No need for an expensive cab or subway to train transfers. I used the bus ($13) to make a Newark airport flight - left at 3:15 and arrived at 4:20.2. Size of Room. I booked an executive King and got a rate of $349. Being mid-October, this was about one of the best rates I could get for an upgraded room at a decent hotel. It was on the 15th floor and was definitely commodious. There was no view, but I was high enough to get some view of the sky. The windows opened, which was a plus.3. Internet. Complementary laptop access through ethernet. There was a wireless network, but I could not get a network address assigned -- I have a brand spanking new PC and never have any problems elsewhere, so I suspect there is something wrong with the wireless network. I didn't bother calling down, since I was fine with the ethernet cable.Now the partly negative.1. Staff. I had read the recent reviews about the staff and I usually read these with some level of cynicism, as I have witnessed my share of rude and unreasonable customer scenes. But I think there may be some truth to the criticisms I have read here. My experience checking in was fairly negative. The front desk person was not rude, but he certainly was not friendly or welcoming. I guess I don't expect the staff to be subservient or ingratiating, but a &quot;Good Morning, Welcome to the Dylan Hotel!&quot; and a smile might have been nice. I received neither. When I went up to the desk and told them I was checking in, all I got was a cold, sighing, &quot;What is your name?&quot; &quot;I'll need your VISA card.&quot; The desk person just seemed bored and aloof, and not particularly happy about his job. Bad way to start the stay. I should say that it was only the front desk person on that Saturday morning that behaved that way. The other times I had dealings at the front desk, it was decent. The bellhops, doormen and maids were wonderful, however.2. Common Areas. Having stayed at the Hudson and even the smaller hotel in the same group as the Dylan, the Time, I was disappointed with the common areas. The lobby area is small and nicely furnished, but the waiting area directly accross the reception desk is small, basically a couple couches. There's no lounge area or bar or library or places to hang out that you would normally find in a boutique hotel. In fact the Dylan had far less amenities in that way than even a high-quality chain hotel. Basically, the Dylan reminded me more of a dormitory than a boutique hotel. The photos on the websites really make the hotel look far more &quot;hip&quot; and modern than it really is.3. Room. Wasnt as nicely furnished as it appeared in the photos. The room I had was on the interior light well. Though the windows opened to let fresh air in, there was a huge ventilation fan going the whole time. Furnishings okay, big King bed was comfortable.4. Heating/AirConditioning. I was there in mid October. The weather was in the mid 70s. I arrived to a room that had the heat going. I tried to get the air conditioner to work, but was told by the desk that their HVAC could only do heat or aircon, and that they had already converted it to heat for the season. Therefore, the only thing to do was to turn off the unit. I had to open the windows and prop open the door to cool off the room. It wasn't so bad, but I feel sorry for the person who is there during an unseasonal cold snap or heat wave! ***Overall, I would say that if you can get a cheap rate for this place, its probably a good value. It was not worth the $350 what I paid. If location is key and you want the small hotel experience , the Library Hotel is up the street from the Dylan. I have stayed at the Library before, and it has smaller rooms, but being on the corner, better chance for views, as well as a great lounge areas and a well-trained service-oriented staff. Or if you don't care about boutique and don't mind big, the Grand Hyatt at Grand Central, which is right next to (on top of?) the terminal is a fine high-quality choice.	
Sep 25 2005	Hated It	What a shaft! After coughing up 300 to stay at this dreary place, I encountered bad attitude from a desperate desk clerk when my room key-card was deactivated prematurely by a poorly trained staffer. There is noone to handle problems at this rat's nest. Running a 15 story hotel with one desk clerk and no floor or security staff is unsafe and really bad business practice. If you want to go to a boutique hotel, try the Shoreham or any Ian Schrager hotel, not this dump with a bad bad attitude.	
Sep 23 2005 	Great Little Boutique Hotel near Everything	The Dylan is a little modern gem near Grand Central, only steps away from the Empire State, a few blocks from Times Square and everyhting that New York has to offer. I was there for 3 nights last week. Great staff with lots of advise on everything, rooms with more than average size, nice beds and bathrooms. Only complaint was that pillows were very hard and shower curtain would drift inside the shower when water was on. Great shower heads and products. Overall very comfy with OK design. Would definitely recommend.	
Sep 11 2005 	A real find	Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was comfortable and well designed. Restaurant was elegant and expensive - especially for breakfast. Terrific location.	
Sep 1 2005	Loved the Dylan Hotel - Friendly Staff and a great location	We have just returned from staying five days at The Dylan Hotel. The hotel is magnificent and we found the staff excellent from the concierge to the Reception Staff and Room Service Staff. We really enjoyed ourselves at the Hotel and would highly recommend The Dylan.The hotel is in a great location and was not far from the Shopping, eating, entertainment areas with the subway not far away. When we were in New York it was very hot with over 85% humidity, we really enjoyed the peace and tranquility of the hotel when we returned.  Chek out The Dylan next time you want a place to stay, choose and exective room and you will not regret it.	
Aug 31 2005	Pleasant Stay - Large Rooms	The Dylan was a very nice hotel, the rooms were very large, very comfortable, great linens. The toiletries weren't as good as they could have been, but were acceptable. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We did not try the new restaurant, but the menu looked good. It's a short walk to Bryant Park and Times Square but without being too busy. We paid $188 a night, which was a good deal.	
Aug 20 2005	Good hotel for the price	I stayed at the Dylan Hotel for a girls weekend to New York City. We picked the hotel based on its location and price. Overall, we were not disappointed. The room was clean, beds were extremely comfortable, and staff was friendly and helpful. We only stayed for two nights, but had our stay been longer there were several little annoyances about the hotel that would have been more bothersome. First, we were on one of the top floors and the hallways had no air conditioning. It was one of the hottest weekends of the year and our room was on the border between comfortable and warm with no way to turn the air down. The temperature was ok after you sat down for a minute, but it provided little relief from the hot hallway when you first came in. Also, several of the outlets in our room were not working. The sink in the bathroom, while nice to look at, was so small that we had to wash our faces leaning over the bathtub. Other than these minor issues, the hotel is in a great location and our experience was good. The restaurant even opened the kitchen and made us some food when we came in late from sightseeing. For the price, I would definitely consider staying at the Dylan again.	
Jul 27 2005 	Poor service	The desk staff was not helpful, it appeared there were some employees that were very unhappy working there, given their rather snotty attitude - many didn't know simple directions, wouldn't offer assistance in procuring silverware, etc.The room was - ok. I liked the furnishings, loved the bathroom, the bed was quite comfortable. I was disappointed that the room had basic cable only - I was very tired after 3 days of eight hour interviews and just needed to relax!Location was convenient - a block away from Grand Central.I completed an internet survey with my complaints about service &amp; never heard a word back. This certainly doesn't make me want to stay there again.	
Jun 17 2005	No restaurant and no bar and a boring location	This hotel would love to be hip but its not. Location great if you want to be near Grand Central and the New York Public Library. Not near any interesting night life at all in New York and located on a pretty inocuous cross street a bit too far east. Not much interesting going on in this neighborhood in the way of restaurants, nightlife or shopping. Theatre district is not too far away and can be reached within a 15 minute walk.Hotel restaurant and bar were closed and have been for ages (make that years). They keep saying a restaurant will be opening soon but don't believe them until it does as they've been saying this ever since Brittany Spears restaurant Nayla was shut down shortly after it opened. The standard rooms are really small and only have small showers and no tub. Strongly recommend you book the executive rooms that are like junior suites and have great high tech equipment. For the price, there are far better and more interesting options available in NYC that are closer to nightlife, shopping and local sites. Staff appears to be confused and unable to resolve minor problems. Lastly, Alchemy suite is the only one like it in the hotel and it looks far more impressive in the photos than in person. If you are looking for a romantic getaway and still feel compelled to stay here that would be my first choice as at least it has a funky charm to it rather than the not particularly interesting minimalism reflected in the rest of the rooms. The only time this hotel is ever booked up is when NYC is completely sold out or during fashion week due to its proximity to Bryant Park.Doing a bit of research I find there are many better options for a quick getaway in NYC. How much fun can it be to stay in a hotel with no restaurant and no bar. Concierge services...someone ought to tell the hotel exactly what this means and at least have one with some contacts who actually knows the best, the most fun and the hot restaurants in tow so they not only can recommend then abd the best clubs has a few contacts to actually get you in.All in all, this is just not a very interesting or amusing place to stay. No life to this place...it is simply dullsville.	
Jun 3 2005	Check your Bank Account After!	I didn't really have any problems with the hotel during my stay.However, when I returned, despite having paid the bill through Expedia, the hotel charged an additional 664 dollars to my credit card instead of 8 dollars for phone calls.	
May 19 2005 	Impressive Rooms Great Location	I found out about this hotel through a referral of a friend. Nice rooms, clean and modern. Location was really key. Made it to all my Midtown meetings. Would recommend.	
May 13 2005 	You can do better...	You can do better than the Dylan, which fails to live up to the modest hype the website aims for. This is a wannabe &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, from everything from the quality of the rooms to the classiness of the staff, both of which are lacking.The rooms have an old feel to them, and that's not a compliment. For example, you'll find worn down carpets and flimsy sheets, and a TV that doesn't get good reception on any channel. I mean, what kind of hotel in NY can't get good TV reception? It's not a big deal if you don't watch TV, but it gives you the sense of the attention to detail you'll find at this hotel.The staff is pretty indifferent, and not in a cool way. I felt like I was at Blockbuster Video. Nothing to really complain about, but not very professional. Two staffers were chatting in the lobby one morning, one of whom was in his undershirt and hadn't put on his shirt for the day, which he held in his hand.Overall, the Dylan tries to be a boutique, but its more like an middle aged Ford Escort that's been fancied up. It's not a dump by any means, but not quite what the website would have you believe, either. I give it a pass, but wouldn't recommend it as a top choice.	
May 9 2005	See for yourself	I had booked two nights at the Dylan for April 30- May 2, before I had discovered this website. Honestly, after reading the reviews I wanted to change my hotel. But I didn't. I went to the Dylan expecting this terrible hotel, based on the reviews I had read on this site. But I was pleasantly surprised. First, their lobby was beautiful and chic. The room was a nice size and decorated very nicely. I knew we weren't going to have a view, but you are in NYC the whole city is a beautiful view. Also the restuarant was under construction, but again, there are about 20,000 restaurants in the city. The location was Fantastic and the staff was wonderful. They even let me go behind their counter to print up coupons on-line for a shuttle.Overall our experience was great at the Dylan.	
Apr 26 2005 	Supposedly a hip boutique??	Stayed for one night in March and was really disappointed. Restaurant was under construction, room was run down, lobby was lame and room service was mediocre. Not even hip in decor! For over $400 per night, it was severly overpriced for what you get. If you want boutique, go elsewhere...	
Feb 15 2005 	All cover no book	We recently stayed at the Dylan and were really excited about it. The photos look great, the descriptions devine, the amenities a dream. Just because it is written does not make it so. I second all of the previos review comments regarding poor service, a deserted restaurant, and contradictory misinformation from the staff. In addition the carpet in our room was thread bare, the door man would not open the door for me as I came in from the rain (he told me when I complained that he was not wearing a jacket and it was cold outside...), and the so called consierge did not know what MoMA stood for much less when it was open. Other than the surface lovliness of the lobby, big for NYC rooms and unbeatable location - this place sucks.	
Jan 8 2005	All Class-A Great Boutique Hotel	I just returned from a stay at the Dylan for a vacation over New Years for five nights. After reading previous contrasting reviews I was not sure what to expect, but I was eventually sold on this boutique hotel's unique character and elegantly subdued class. The room was quiet, spacious, and clean. My only view was of an office building just opposite the back of the hotel but, then again, a city view was never part of the deal. The bed and pillows were quite comfortable and there was a robe in the room as promised.The bathroom was great...all marble...with great bath products provided. I only used the eerily quiet/perpetually empty hotel restaurant once for breakfast and found nothing wrong with the buffet set out. Yes...many of the staff do have a weird, Euro-trendy kind of &quot;whatever&quot; attitude, but it didn't affect my stay in any negative way. Check-in and check-out each took less than 5 minutes. Also, in response to a previous post, the complimentary newspapers could be found placed out in the hotel lobby.The location was fantastic...far enough away from the tourist-driven chaos of Times Square yet only a few blocks from Grand Central Station (making it very easy to catch the subway and get anywhere in Manhattan). TO SUM UP: You shouldn't show up to a boutique hotel like the Dylan expecting to find the service or attitude of a chain hotel. While the Dylan may not have, say, flawless room service(who wants to eat in their room in NYC anyways?), that is entirely made up for by the calm and comfort gained from not being stuck in the middle of a group heading off to a local dental convention. While it certainly wasn't perfect, my stay at the Dylan met or exceeded all of my expectations. For a rate of less than $200 a night, I would definitely stay at the Dylan again on my next trip to NY.	
Jan 5 2005	NIGHTMARE!	Like the last reviewer we also checked in for new years eve, what a disaster. We checked out after just one night. I promise this is all true...arrived at 2am know one bothered to help with our cases, the room was nice but had no bath and was next to the noisest air con you can imagine. At 4am the room got freezing because the air con was pumping out cold air instead of warm, they didnt fix it to 8am. After a terrible night we ordered breakfast, when it finally turned up my vegetarian girlfriend ordered a cheese omelette, they put ham in it! My eggs and the so called 'bacon' were like cardboard and the fries, well they didnt even turn up. Then at the desk we were abruptly told that new years party was now cancelled! Thats 'told' not apologised. We finally got another room but guess what, we got one but also without a bath and with even more noise. It was a joke. we checked out &amp; fortunately got a room at the fab Hudson. Look, if you want good service, room, food, peace and quiet then...DONT GO TO THE DYLAN HOTEL!!! ....nice furniture though.	
Jan 4 2005	Good from far but far from good!	There were four of us staying in two separate rooms at the Dylan. It seemed really nice when we first got there. The room is quite spacious and the bath soaps were wonderful. The web site boasts bath robes and slippers. Both of our rooms had only one robe for two people. Slippers were never seen in either room. We asked for them and was told it would come and it never did. One day we spilled soda on the one robe we had so we left it with the dirty towels. When they cleaned the room, the dirty robe was hung back up in the closet for us to use again.Room Service for breakfast was horrible! The cofee was horrible and they never brought spoons to stir the coffee. We called and asked for some, and it never came. The muffins/pastries were extremely hard and old. On a positive note, we ordered champane late one night and the person working at night was extremely helpful and delivered our champagne within five minutes.The night before we left, we asked if we could get late check out. We were willing to pay for it, but the person at the front desk said it would be okay as long as we were out by 2PM. We thanked him and said that we would be out by 1:30 and tipped him. The following morning, we scheduled our car service to pick us up at 1:30. At about 12:30 the front desk person called one of our rooms and sarcastically asked why we were still in our rooms. We told them about how we talked to the night person. His response was only ' well I don't have any record of that'. He went on to say that hotel policy stated that we had to be out by 1:00 at the latest. He finally let us stay until 1:30, but he was not happy about it. The point is that we don't know hotel policy, we asked about late check out, we planned our rides according to what the hotel told us, we were even willing to pay for it and was told that it wasn't necessary, and then we were treated horribly and rudely by the front desk. We were extremely upset. There was no reason to be rude.We were there for 6 nights and our linens were never changed. Also, there are no plush towels as stated on their website. The plush pillows also mentioned on their website is a joke. They felt like sheets were wrapped up in a pillow case. They were hard as a rock. The website also mentions a complimentary newspaper and that was never seen.I must say that the location is perfect. We were close to everything and it was easy to get a cab.Maybe it would have been better had it not been the Christmas season. But I think I will try another hotel during my next trip to NY.	
Jan 1 2005	Extremely disappointing - we changed hotels after two nights	On arrival to our room the first thing that struck us was that the website beared no resemblance to the hotel. Our room was supposed to be 'executive' but was small, dusty, a bit worn looking and had a view onto a grimy building opposite and a very noisy air conditioning fan.None of the staff in the hotel know what the other departments are doing - i.e. front desk cannot help you with reservations, reservations cannot help with the restaurant if there is no-one there, etc., etc..Like the review from Dec 23rd, the staff had no idea what the 'complementary amenity' was on arrival. We constantly had to phone to ask for things that should have been checked - another robe, a network cable, a new battery in the safe so it worked. Room service was not good - no hot chocolate and 'poached eggs for breakfast would take too long' (!?). We stayed over new year and they cancelled the party and restaurant didn't even open, 1) we weren't informed of this 2) they were not willing to help us find something else. Luckily we found a bar nearby.The final straw was paying $500.00 for a double room on new year's eve to phone for room service breakfast in the morning and be told 'there was no-one there to serve us'. We went downstairs to breakfast and it was just a total mess.We booked another hotel and checked out after two nights. We expected some sort of questioning as to why we were leaving early but the one person on the front desk (who claimed to be the manager) was too busy arguing over a $25 drinks bill that a Brazilian family claimed was not theirs as they hadn't been in the bar. He would not refund their money and claimed he had no access to the receipts to check, the family would have to contact that department by themselves, he refused to offer to help them. In effect, we walked out and he lost our business of another 5 nights @ $239.00 rather than refund a $25 drinks bill and pay us some attention. That just sums up this hotel. I am inclined to believe that in this case 'Boutique Hotel' just means a coating of brown hued paint and some plastic sticky out bits for the door numbers.	
Dec 23 2004	EXCELLENT location BUT........	The location was absolutely fabulous. We took the bus from the airport to Grand Central Station, and then walked less than five minutes to the hotel. Because of its central location, me and my boyfriend were able to take the subway everywhere. This was the first time I've ever stayed at a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and was expecting to be impressed; however, I was greatly DISAPPOINTED. I had booked on-line and was promised a murphy bed in edition to a regular king-sized bed. When we arrived in our room, I did not see any murphy bed, and when I asked the management, they had absolutely no idea what a murphy bed was. I wished that I had printed out an on-line reciept to show them I wasn't making it up. Also, on the website, they stated that we would recieve a &quot;complimentary amenity&quot; upon arrival. When I asked about this, again, the management was absolutely clueless about what I was talking about. The photos on the website did not match what you actually got. I was very disappointed having paid about 300 dollars a night only to end up with a mediocore room and mediocore service. I will NOT stay at this hotel again, unless at a much lower price since the location was so ideal.	
Dec 6 2004	Great location	Visited NYC at end Nov04/beginning Dec04. Booked quite late so was limited re: hotel availability. Paid approx £950 for 5 nights in a double double on room only basis. Location was great: 1.5 blocks to NY Public Library &amp; 5th Ave, 0.5 blocks to Grand Central Station, and within easy walking distance of both Time Square/Broadway and the Rockefeller Center. Room itself was large enough (suggest a double double room as min.), extremely clean and well decorated in a contemporary style. Hotel staff were extremely helpful. NB: the hotel has standard glazing and is only 2 doors away from a VERY busy freight entrance which has deliveries between 1am - 7am most mornings(!) so would recommend a room as high up the hotel's 16 floors as possible in order to avoid the noise and get a decent night's sleep. Would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again particularly if rate was cheaper.	
Nov 18 2004	Dylan: A little pricey but a fine boutique hotel	Stayed here for one night during NYC Marathon weekend. Booked through an on-line service at a rate we found a little high, but it seemed to be par for the course for that weekend, when it was tough to find anything for less than $300/night. The lobby is small but nicely decorated with a minimalist-contemporary style. The room was a nice size for NY and well-decorated. Bathroom was nice with a HUGE shower. Location was good -- 2 blocks from Grand Central. Plus, it's on a relatively quiet street, which made for a peaceful sleep. I would stay here again if I could not find something comparable at a lower rate.	
Oct 26 2004	Needs improvement	I did not think that it was worth the money however the location is excellent. The bathroom while very nice had no storage and no place to put a hair dryer down except in the sink so we used the trash can. There were no slippers (as is advertised) in our room and we were provided with two bath towels and had to ask for more. There were only two hooks in the bathroom so no place to hang towels once you used them. The carpet in the room was very worn and needs to be replaced. We were quite disappointed since this was our first time staying at a boutique hotel rather than a brand name and it did not meet our expectations.	
Oct 15 2004	Nice hotel in great location	We booked the Dylan at the last moment, but the reviews and location are what swayed us in choosing the hotel. It was not a disappointment. The room and washroom was comfortable for two, clean and contemporary. Though we had no view, and our room overlooked the rather noisy air conditioning unit for the building (4 floors below), it was still quite enough. The comp breakfast was balanced, though it emptied out 30 minutes early. We did no eat dinner at the hotel, so we can’t comment on the food. The location was great. Two blocks to the library; 1 block to Grand Central. 6 blocks to Time Square, etc. We would stay here again.	
Oct 12 2004	Beware of low rates!	I stayed here in october 2002, having booked over the internet via a reseller and got a really good rate of below 200 dollars. Check in was great, but once I got to my room, and tried to settle down for the night I quickly discovered I was above the club in the hotel, and was kept awake until 4am!Fortunately the next day I was moved a floor up, but this time I was now above the air con unit in the middle of the hotel - noisy still, but at least it was constant droning!I spent the rest of my nights there sleeping with ear plugs - not good!Other then the room(!) there were no other negatives - staff very helpful and attentive......	
Jun 17 2004	Great location	I and friends stayed at the Dylan for a Saturday night. The hotel was easy to find, but the dumpster in the front made unloading the car difficult and there was no one at the door to direct us to the parking garage. Other than that, the check-in was speedy and pleasant, and the staff accomadated our requests. We were very happy with the rooms, and enjoyed the decor and amenities.We were disappointed that Sunday breakfast was a buffet with a set price. We would have enjoyed eating in the attractive dining room, but we were not up for a large meal. THe staff held our luggage after room check out and even gave us excellent directions for leaving NYC.WE were very pleased with the hotel, and the location and I would recommend a stay, especially if you can find an under 200 rate as we did.	
Jun 16 2004	Cool	It was kind of a random location, but it worked - can walk one block either way to easily get a taxi.Room decor was interesting and quite nice - however, I was disappointed to find that my room's window opened to the top of another building - absolutely no view. I will give it this - it was very quiet which was very important while in the city. Not a whole lot going on in the lobby or restaurant -and kind of a funny odor in the halls at times, but other than that - I would stay here again. For the money, I thought it was nice. 	
Jun 10 2004	Pros and Cons . . .		
May 25 2004	great location rooms less great		
Apr 14 2004	friendly and chic- going back!		
Feb 17 2004	A good hotel in a great location		
Feb 4 2004	Enjoyed My Stay at Dylan		
Nov 19 2003	Bad Service Terrible Rooms Don't Stay Here		
Sep 4 2003	Nothing special		
Aug 15 2003	Poor value and service		
Aug 11 2003	Nice furniture too bad nothing works		
Jun 26 2003	great hotel and i will certainly return		
Nov 4 2009 	ottimo solo quando se ne esce		
Oct 1 2009 	Magnifico		
Aug 19 2009 	Hotel céntrico y bueno.		
Aug 9 2009 	??????????????????		
May 19 2009 	buon albergo mi aspettavo poco di più		
Apr 13 2009 	Ottima posizione!		
Mar 25 2009 	bien situe mais personnel mal aimable!		
Mar 23 2009 	Excepcional hotel		
Mar 10 2009 	Très bien situé		
Mar 9 2009 	Hotel práctico y funcional		
Jan 12 2009 	Excelente y centrico		
Oct 13 2008 	No está mal		
Jul 25 2008 	Séjour épouvantable		
Mar 24 2008 	Buen hotel y bien situado		
Aug 3 2007	Agréable		
