	Great deal and great location great comfortable beds and nice lobby	This is my second time staying on the upper west side and my friends first time. They are now convinced that this is the place to be in NYC. It is so convenient to the subway, great cafe's, decent street vendors, fabulous markets and stores and the museum and park. The beds were so comfortable and the warmed cider available in the lobby was great. We had a small suite and the kitchenette was perfect to bring leftovers back. We loved the stay and the location.'Gail in Vermont	
Nov 22 2009 	our second stay here... just right	We just returned from six great nights here, enjoying the neighborhood and the city at large. Our room #305 was a small suite; kitchenette, living room with big TV, closet and dressers; and the bed/bath about the same size, both with actual windows that actually can be opened, if only a few inches. Service is relaxed and attentive. Coin laundry in the basement. The neighborhood is great: restaurants, stores, Zabar's deli, and all-night fantastically well stocked market. Walk several blocks N or S on Broadway to access the subway. Central Park and the Natl History Museum is a few blocks east. If you stroll across the park from here you arrive at the Metropolitan Museum and a raft of other smaller museum gems. Daily maid service, 24 hour front desk, our home when in NYC.	
Nov 20 2009 	For a miserable experience try the Milburn Hotel in NYC	Avoid the Milburn Hotel on New York's upper west side at all costs. It could end up costing you plenty.My reservation at the Milburn was for Friday, Sept. 18. On Monday, the 14th, I phoned the hotel to inquire about the cancellation policy, which would have been unnecessary had I received a copy of the policy by e-mail or snail-mail. The person I spoke with told me it was three days in advance of the reservation. She also used the phrase &quot;72 hours,&quot; which, from my travel experiences, is a synonym for three days. So, because my plans were uncertain at the time, I chose to wait one day based on the conversation, especially since the confused clerk did not tell me that the deadline for canceling was Monday.When I called Tuesday -- three days before I was scheduled to check in -- to cancel because of a family matter, I was informed it was too late. The front-desk clerk I spoke with said to contact the general manager on Wednesday to discuss the situation.I left repeated polite messages with the general manager on Wednesday and Thursday. He refused to return my calls. So I stopped by the hotel Friday morning before leaving town, and the general manager told me the matter had been turned over to accounting and to contact them.For the next eight workdays, I phoned the hotel and asked to be switched to accounting. Each time, I received a recorded voice and was asked to leave a message. Each time, I left a polite recording -- eight of them -- yet never received one return call. It was obvious that the continuous lack of returned calls from the general manager and accounting was an effort by the hotel to ignore me, hoping that I would go away.Finally, I phoned the hotel and requested to be switched to anyone in accounting. I got a live voice who told me a refund or full credit would be considered.My occasional pestering finally got a response after a few weeks. I was informed that no refund or credit would be granted, only that an unspecified &quot;rate&quot; might be considered on my next reservation with the hotel. Are you kidding me?So I'm out $339.13, plus hours of my time dealing with the most customer-unfriendly hotel general manager in a lifetime of travel.There are plenty of good hotels in New York. Most have a one-day cancellation policy. They send you their policy upon making the reservation. Their reservations clerks explain the policy properly. And, if a problem arises, they are courteous and reasonable.The Milburn is none of those. Stay away.	
Nov 19 2009 	decent hotel nice location good price a little outdated	The price is good and the location is too. We got a free upgrade to a bigger room since the hotel was not full, so that was nice. WE got a little kitchenette, sitting area, two tv's, etc. The room was a very nice size for NYC. It definitely needs updating....but overall a good experience. also very quiet.	
Nov 18 2009 	I will be back.	The location is great. It's just off Broadway on the upper west side. A 24 hour grocery store half a block away, a great place to eat breakfast and watch the locals (including some celebrities) is just a block away. I could go on, but I'll just repeat myself and say it's a great location.The hotel staff is nice, but not that kind of glossy rehearsed nice. Just genuine, but helpful. The building is old, but maintained well.I was there in the beginning of November which (as is my usual scenario) happen to coincide with a major sporting event. This one happened to be the New York City Marathon and the finish line is about ten blocks away from the hotel.I was lucky to be in my room and not across town at 1 pm when the phone rang and it was the front desk asking when I would be checking out. I had made an error when reserving had not secured what I thought to be my last night's stay. Luckily, one of the runner's didn't show up and they upgraded me in a junior suite for the same price as my regular room. I highly recommend upgrading. Not that my first room wasn't great; it was. But the junior suite was really nice.Anyway, the value for the buck is fantastic. I paid higher for less the rest of the trip.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location! Quiet pleasant hotel for independent travelers.	My husband and I stayed at the Milburn for three nights in Nov. 2009 and we were throroughly satisfied with our stay. We booked a suite rather than a regular room after reading the reviews on this site, since only the suites could be guaranteed to be renovated as of the date of our stay. The upcharge was not substantial, and was well worth it. We had no problems at check-in at 6:00 pm on a Friday evening, and the staff was consistently courteous. Our rooms were in the corner on the eighth floor, and it was one of the quietest urban hotel stays I have ever had, despite being in NYC. There was some street noise, but nothing from within the hotel itself. The curtains kept the bedroom very dark, too -- good for late sleepers.Not everything seemed up-to-date -- it is an older hotel -- but for the price we found nothing substantive to complain about. Be advised that our bathroom was very small, with almost no space to set out toiletries, though it was clean and modern. If you have a hanging toiletries bag, or some other method of keeping your things at hand without placing them on a counter or shelf, you might want to bring that along. The kitchenette was also very small, but handy. We both found the king bed as comfortable as at home.Other than price, location was the main reason we chose the Milburn, and it was a good choice. The hotel is located in a pleasant Upper West Side neighborhood, just off Broadway. (But it's still extraordinarily quiet.) Local families were very much in evidence on the streets the weekend we were there. We love to walk, and we walked almost everywhere we wanted to go -- restaurants on two of three nights, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Frick Museum (just across Central Park), Lincoln Center for the opera, and Midtown shopping. On our last night we had dinner in Greenwich Village -- an easy, direct subway ride away. When we did need a cab, it was easy to flag one on Broadway a half-block from the hotel.We thought the complimentary breakfast was going to be a real advantage at the Milburn, but, though it was fine (coffee, tea, juice, cereals, baked goods, some fresh fruit), we think we would probably have been happier breakfasting at the Manhattan Diner a block away. Next time we'll plan on that: they serve breakfast all day. If you're an early riser and like to get a cup of coffee and a bagel first thing in the morning, however, you'll appreciate not having to go out for breakfast.We will definitely stay at the Milburn on our next trip to New York, and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a hotel in this price range.	
Nov 15 2009 	Spacious comfortable rooms in great location at a great price	We have stayed at the Milburn several times. It's not fancy, but it is quite clean and comfortable. It's more like have an apartment than a hotel room. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are enormous by NYC standards. Most hotels charges four times as much for anything resembling this much room. Our bathroom was a little cramped and the refrigerator in the kitchenette worked more like a freezer, but that was a minor incovenience. You get an in-room coffee pot with enough coffee for two small pots, a necessity for me in the morning. I need lots before I get dressed to go down to breakfast. The complimentary breakfast (a recent addition) is rather bland and uninteresting, but the bagels were good. You can get a great hot breakfast from Manhattan Diner just a block away. It's a quick walk or they'll deliver to the hotel. I wish the Milburn was a little closer to Central Park. It's an easy walk, but I got spoiled years ago by the Olcott (now closed) which was less than a block away.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel... great staff	My wife and I spent a week at this wonderful small and quiet hotel on the Upper West Side. It is located close to two subway stops and Central Park. The neighborhood is mostly residential. Lots of great restaurants are with close walking distance.The room was very nice. It was clean and appears to have been modernized. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Third time at the Milburn. Consistently good and a solid value.	I have been meaning to write this review for months. Our family had our third stay at the Milburn this past summer and can report that it remains one of the great values in NYC.The staff was helpful and friendly (as it has always been), the refurbishing of the lobby is delightful, and the rooms -- while not new -- remain clean and somewhat spacious for a NYC hotel room, especially for the price.For us, staying in NY means not spending much time in our room. Too much to see and do. The Milburn serves as a perfect spot for our family of four to enjoy all that NY has to offer. The neighborhood (upper West Side) is delightful, with loads of interesting shops, markets and delis. And there are subway stations two blocks in either direction. For the price, I think the Milburn is terrific deal. We look forward to returning soon!	
Oct 19 2009 	Disgusting and Rude	The staff was rude, the rooms were disgusting and dingy and while the prices were relatively cheap (in this very expensive city), they were not worth the room. The staff gives New Yorkers a bad reputation. But NY is still a wonderful city, just stay somewhere else!	
Oct 10 2009 	good value in nyc if you want to stay out of busy downtown	The Milburn offers good value for stays in NYC. The building appears to be an old apartment house that has been coverted to a hotel. We had a 2 room suite for less than $300 in NYC. The bederoom and living room are quite large. The bathroom and kitchenette (sink, refrigerator, coffee maker and microwave) are small. Everything was quite clean and well-maintained. There is a continental breakfast included in the rate. The hotel is right off of Broadway and a short walk to the 72nd Street express subway stop to everywhere else. It is a healthy walk to times square. It is a very good location to stay if you are visiting Columbia, Barnard and other UWS colleges. There afe lots of restaurants in easy walking distance. Apparently they have delivery room service arranged wih some. Parking is discounted at a garage about 3 blocks away...if available. If not there are other garages.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great location and value!	If you want to experience New York fully and to have a quiet place to sleep with a reasonable price, this IS the place. I booked through Expedia, which gave me 35% off of the room. Central Park and Riverside Park are just a few block away. My husband and I enjoyed a free kayaking on Hudson on weekend. As far as dinning options are concerned, I would recommend delis at Zabar's or Westside Market. You can get all kinds of wonderful meals in a very reasonable price.I would recommend purchasing 7-day regular Metro Card ($21), which takes you everywhere in NYC via subway or bus. The hotel gives you a day pass for the Jewish Community Center pool (one block away to the east). It has a great facility and would have a chance to mingle with locals.I was quite surprised how courteous New Yorkers are – including the staff at the Milburn or people on the subway.Yes, the hotel has a bit of maintenance issues and breakfast room can be busy at a time. However, I would not hesitate to book this hotel when I go to NYC next time!	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Price	We stayed at the Milburn for 10 days with two small children and my elderly mother in law. ROOMS: Were great, We stayed in a one bedroom suite which has 2 very very comfy double beds in one room and a sofa bed in the other. The rooms were spacious with TVs in both rooms, full bathroom and kitchenette. We spent a lot of time in our room as one of our son's were ill and did not get cabin fever. The kitchenette is not very well equipped but the staff were always happy to provide anything you needed. The bathroom may be a bit on the tired side but it was clean and the rooms were serviced daily. LOCATION: I cannot fault this location especially for a family with small children. This hotel is not in the heart and hub bub of downtown so you do actually feel comfortable wandering around at any hour to the 24 hour grocery store around the corner. While being out of the craziness of downtown you are only 1 subway stop (on the 2 train from 72nd street) away from Times Square. You are on the same line (the 1 train from 72nd street) as the ferries to Staten Island and Statue of Liberty, You are a couple of stops from the Museum of Natural History (a must esp the planetarium) on the M79 bus from 79th Street. You can walk to downtown - it took me 20 mins to get to 58th street and you are a couple of long blocks from Central Park. The shopping in the local area is great - a Barneys around the corner, a Loehmans one block down and a Filenes Basement on the cnr of 79th street. The local restaurants are adequate. THE SERVCE: I thought the staff were great. As mentioned our son was ill and they were very helpful with information about Drs etc. The free breakfast is a great bonus and am not sure what the previous reviewers issues were about - you have a choice of cereal, fruit, pastries and bagels, tea, coffee, juice and water. If you want more than that I suggest you go elsewhere and put your hand in your pocket. Yes sometimes there was no room left in the dining room but this was rare and easily solved by picking your time or taking your selection back to your room to eat. We had no problem with getting any assistance including having a town car booked for our return trip to the airport on our behalf. For the price of this hotel I think you get excellent, above expectations value. I could not recommend it enough.	
Sep 23 2009 	A great hotel ideally located	The Milburn was one of the few hotels we found which included breakfast at a reasonable price. Located on 76th street just off Broadway Ave the Milburn is just a few minutes walk from Central Park with the subway available just a few blocks away at 72nd &amp; 79th street.Breakfast consisted of bagels, cereals, fruit, juice, muffins, cookies, tea and coffee and was served in a small dining room close to reception. This did get a little crowded depending on what time you arrived but you could always grab something and take it back to your room as many people did. There were 3 free Internet terminals available; you just needed an access number available from reception, which gave you 30 minutes free access. There was also a small gym, a library and free access to a local swimming pool just a block away. To obtain the free access you asked reception for a pass for which you needed id. To use the pool you were required to wear a swimming cap.The staff couldn’t have been more helpful and the room we had provided a good-sized bathroom as well as a decent sized bedroom/kitchenette area plus a safe. Tea and coffee making facilities were supplied along with a microwave. There was a DVD connected to the TV and a library of free films was available from reception.Overall a great place to stay if you want to be reasonably close to Times Square but in a quieter area. There were also plenty of places to eat close to the hotel. If we go to New York again we would very likely stay here.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great location service and amenities need work.	The location was great, as I prefer to be away from the madness of mid-town and Time Square, with subwayu stops within a few blocks in either direction. Countless places to eat and shop within a few blocks. The facilities were spotlessly clean. The breakfast was adequate, but some healthy choices such as fruit and yogurt would have been nice. The small kitchenette was great, but needs such basics as a sharp knife. The television and internet reception was also spotty, perhaps because my room was in the back. And the front desk was less than helpful when I inquired about such simple things as the options for airport transportation. Overall, a good deal in a good location.	
Sep 12 2009 	Wonderful Location Excellent Value Would Definitely Return	Other Trip Advisor reviews didn't fail -- I was very happy with this hotel choice for my first visit to NYC. I found it easy to navigate my way from Newark Airport, using the train from the airport to Penn Station, followed by a quick subway ride and a 4-block walk. Easy! The hotel's location is terrific. The Upper West Side is a wonderful neighborhood, with lots of good, reasonably priced restaurants and a variety of shopping. It felt safe, friendly, and was a quiet respite from the frenzied pace in other parts of the City.I had the Milburn's smallest accommodation, the studio, but it was by no means tiny. I found the room size to be generous, with a comfy chair &amp; ottoman, dining table &amp; chairs, and 2 closets (one with a safe) -- and I loved the convenience of the kitchenette. The bathroom was small, but was clean, well organized, and bright. The bed was extremely comfortable, with great pillows and nice bedding. There was a large, flat-panel television with excellent station selection.In early September, I did need to use the a/c during part of my stay, and I thought the window unit was noisier than it should have been. However, I was also delighted that the room's large window could actually be opened, and when the temps cooled down, I turned off the a/c and enjoyed the fresh air, instead.The hotel was completely full during my stay, but I never heard room noise, and the lobby was busy but peaceful. There are several computer workstations for travelers who don't bring a laptop, and use is free (as is the in-room wifi). The continental breakfast included bagels, pastries, coffee, juice, fruit -- you could easily start your day with it, but on a couple of mornings, I chose to go for a full breakfast at one of the nearby restaurants. I found the Milburn to be comfortable, friendly, and a good value for New York, and I loved the Upper West Side neighborhood. I would absolutely stay there again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Basic Accomodation	It was my first time in New York city - we were there for 8 days and loved every minute of it.The Milburn Hotel was located very well in the Upper West side. Handy to Central Park, Museums &amp; the Metro. The king sized bed we had was extremely comfortable. The flat screen TV was a nice feature as well. We selected this hotel because of the reviews on Trip Advisor and by a friend. The price was right for NY and the location was quiet. However, you do get what you pay for. My complaints are the following: I rely on the internet for my job, and that is one of the reasons that we chose the Milburn - being free was a bonus. Basically it was unbelievably slow when it did work at all. When I called the front desk, they told me to call the company that provided the service, however they didn`t know the phone number. Stay elsewhere if this is important to you!!! The bathrooms were small and in need of an extreme makeover. The air conditioner worked, but it was so noisy I couldn`t sleep for the first 2 nights until I got used to it. The free breakfasts that were included were a joke - little boxes of cereal or bagels. The coffee was lousy too.Other than these complaints, it was acceptable accomodation but I wouldn`t hurry back. We changed hotels after 5 nights	
Sep 4 2009 	Exceptional service - great accomodations - one warning!	We are a family of four - kids 8 and 12. We spent two nights at the Milburn in August. Accommodations exceeded our expectations. Location was perfect - short walk to Central Park, and a great neighborhood, but away from the madness of Times Square area. The Continental Breakfast was a nice bonus (get there early but the coffee is fine!). All this for well under $ 200 US per night.The hotel is rated two starts but their service from beginning to end of our stay was definitely 5 stars +. After an 8 hour drive to NYC we parked in a 15 minute unloading zone directly in front of the hotel and went in with our luggage to check in. The clerk noticed immediately that we were being issued a parking ticket. When I ran back out to explain our situation to the police officer the manager followed me out, and when I was told the ticket could not be retracted, the manager took it off my hands.As if that wasn't enough - we'd requested the lowest floor possible (elevator-phobia) and found out our standard room was on the 5th floor, but once again - and without us even asking - the manager stepped in and upgraded us to a suite on the second floor at no extra charge.We would not hesitate to book at the Milburn for our next NYC trip and would recommend it to anyone visiting NYC. Thanks to everyone at the Milburn for service above and beyond. We will definitely be back.One important warning - the Milburn subscribes to a domestic cable TV package that includes an access channel (55?) that broadcasts infomercials late at night for Escort Services and these infomercials border on pornographic.Do not leave your kids unsupervised in front of the TV late at night.	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice hotel with good location but management intentionally overcharges you.	I had a very pleasant stay with my family at the Milburn. However, when I checked out in the early morning I noticed that I had been overcharged for two days. I pointed this out to the cashier and he acknowleged it was wrong and this happened &quot;all the time&quot; but only the general manager could adjust the bill and would do so in a few hours when he came in. I signed the bill assuming that I was dealing with a reputable hotel and the adjustment would be made. It wasn't and because I signed the bill I had accepted the fraudulent charges and they weren't going to adjust them.	
Aug 24 2009 	great value	we just spent 9 days at the milburn and w thought it great value,the rooms with small kitchen and very comfortable bed were clean and serviced daily.the staff were very helpful and friendly and the location great(3blocks from subway).we bought a 7day pass and found the 1 line took us most of the places you need to go.the only downside was no views from the rooms.we would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a budget hotel in manhattan,it even includes a basic breakfast with good coffee	
Aug 15 2009 	Very good value for money	Hotel very convenient for families with children.No fancy stuff but everything you need and the price was definitely right (less that 200 usd/night).Location close to CP, subway station, and if you don't mind to walk you can easiliy reach 5th avenue or Times Square in half hour or so.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great deal in NYC	My son and I stayed at the Milburn for one night while in NYC to visit colleges. It exceeded our expectations at every opportunity. The Upper West Side location (Broadway and 76th St.) was very convenient to Columbia University - a 3 block walk up Broadway to the subway station and then a short 5-stop ride to 116th St. Also, the hotel is close to the Museum of Natural History and Central Park. We liked the restaurant options in the neighborhood. It's a nice change from mid-town. Our room was quite spacious - most unusual for a NYC hotel. Our room had 2 queen sized bedsand space for a couch and chairs, as well as a small kitchenette. The continental breakfast served downstairs was a good selection of cereal, yogurt, fruit, bagels juices, etc. Free wireless internet throughout the hotel.This is an older property, but we found it to be clean and well maintained. The staff was friendly and helpful.I can't believe we found this place in NYC!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great family hotel in NYC	We had never traveled to NYC, so our research online using TripAdvisor was very helpful in finding the Milburn. We were encouraged by a local friend to stay away from the Times Square/Midtown area to get away from the mayhem and better experience life in a New York neighborhood. I am so glad we stayed in this upper west side location! The room at the Milburn was tiny - this was not a surprise based on everything I read about NYC hotel rooms. We had the studio double - two double beds, a tiny table with two chairs, very small bathroom, and a small kitchenette with microwave, refrigerator, some plates/silverware, and countertop (the kitchenette also had some shelves and ended up being an alternate location for one of our suitcases and belongings). There were four of us - my husband and I, and our two young adult daughters. We did get a pretty good rate through hotels.com (~$137 a night) - expensive for us, but reasonable for New York. If money were no object, we would get two rooms, but.....On the plus side, the beds were very comfortable (I generally have a hard time sleeping in hotels because of the super-hard beds) and had nice linens, delightful pillows. Room was quiet - we did not face out onto the street, but we were near the elevator and did not have a problem. The bathroom had seen better days (heavy on the caulk), but it was clean and worked fine for us.Lots of families at this hotel. They did provide a free continental breakfast - fresh bagels, juice, fruit - but it was often very crowded. Also free wireless internet in the rooms and three computer stations in the lobby for public use. They have a sharing library of books and also videos/video games that can be checked out for free.The front desk staff members were extremely helpful. They greeted us warmly, provided directions and helpful tips, arranged our transportation back to the airport.The only strange thing is that the ice machine and the soda machine are in the basement. The first time I took the elevator down there, I thought it was a mistake - there were housekeeping staff and old mattresses and cleaning supplies everywhere. But there's a tiny room just across from the elevator that houses those items.The neighborhood is wonderful - lots of grocery stores, pharmacies, Filene's Basement and Loehman's nearby, other small specialty shops. Two blocks to the 79th St. subway station - same intersection is where you catch the crosstown bus (M79) that takes you to Central Park and beyond. If you go the other way, you're about 4 blocks from the 72nd St. subway station (there's a Gray's Papaya hot dog place right there that's great). Easy to get to Times Square/Broadway shows. I felt it was very safe.High spots:Manhattan Diner (on Broadway, I think on the corner at 77th?) - wonderful breakfast, get the challah French toast; they also have good desserts.Levain Bakery - just east of the intersection of Amsterdam and 74th - a tiny basement bakery with GIANT warm yummy cookies - the chocolate chip walnut and chocolate peanut butter chip ones were delicious, oatmeal raisin good, tooGray's Papaya (near the 72nd street subway station) - plain grilled hot dogs with mustard and toasted buns. Get the pineapple juice instead of the papaya.Fairway Grocery (corner of 74th and Broadway) - for a Texas girl, this was an amazing glimpse of a &quot;big&quot; New York grocery store. Beautiful fresh produce, extensive bakery and deli. I will say that the deli attendant was yelling at a customer for missing her number being called - a bit intimidating - and the checkout process is fast and crammed. You better be ready and on your A game - this is no Wal-Mart! We bought fruit, veggies, bread, and butter to have in the room for snacks.Also, we got good breakfast sandwiches (bagel with eggs, bacon, cheese) and fresh squeezed orange juice at a hole in the wall place on Amsterdam, maybe called Bagel O?Get the unlimited Metro card and ride subways/buses to your heart's content.I would definitely come back to this hotel and appreciate the fine service we received while there.	
Aug 6 2009 	great	I can't wait to go back. I really loved this hotel. It's in the upper West side not far to Central Park and museum mile.By MTA not far to Downtown Manhattan.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excelent option(roombreakfastinternetlocation) with afordable budget.	It was an amazing option.Its not a luxury hotel and the prices arent of a luxury hotel. An old building but in excelent conditions with good and friendly service.Room in excelent conditions and cleanness with 1 kingsize bedroom and 1 living room with sofa (my 2 children slept in it very well), each with LCD TVs, sound system, air conditioners. Good bathroom and a small kitchen. Included (free) breakfast and internet access.Excelent neighboorhood, 3 blocks from Central Park ( American Museum of Natural History ), 3 blocks from subway, half block from Broadway street, lots of taxis, restaurants.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent stay w/large clean room!	Husband, Wife, 10-year-old.We were pleasantly surprised by our recent stay at the Milburn. We chose the hotel because of the location -- two blocks from relatives -- and were a bit concerned about cleanliness because of a couple of reviews. (Had the option of the Belleclaire and the Lucerne, both for a little less money, but the Belleclaire had some construction going on -- light sleepers -- and the Lucerne was a little farther away than we wanted to be.) We checked in in the morning, before the rooms were ready, but wanted to get the king sized bed, which they wouldn't guarantee over the phone, and wanted to see about getting a quiet room. We were given a really nice sized room on the 12th floor. King bed (simmons beautyrest....excellent), big flat screen tv w/cable, desk with free internet, small kitchen w/fridge, microwave and sink, closet w/safe, and a large CLEAN bathroom that had obviously recently been renovated. Everything was clean, there were tons of pillows, and we were really pleased. Contintental breakfast with cereal, a good variety of bagels, muffins, etc . . . all included in the price. There was a DVD player and a VCR in the room and the hotel has hundreds of movies available, at no charge, at the desk! Lastly, in addition to their own exercise room, swimming is available, for free, at the JCC across the street . . . nice place! Also, they have 24-hour room service with the Manhattan Diner across the street . . . less than 30 minutes for delivery and the prices aren't marked up. Let's just say there was nothing wrong with this stay! The staff were helpful, pleasant, and we were pleased.A few thoughts: Because it's summer, we were running the air conditioner the whole time. Since the air conditioner was running the whole time, we barely heard any noise in the hotel. Our room looked out over the inner block, not the street, so there was no real street noise to speak of anyway, however the hotel does use the doors with electronic keys which means they need to be slammed a bit to close. Also, our room was across the hall from the stairs -- doesn't really matter on the 12th floor -- and also right by the elevator. Without the air conditioner, we might have heard more of the people in the halls and other TVs . . . standard hotel stuff but, perhaps, a bit more evident in an older building?Two standard pet peeves: I'll probably write this in every review but hotel designers should be required to spend one week in every room they remodel!1. The big flat screen tv was great, however it has a BRIGHT blue power light that stays on when the TV is off. Really bright . . . two towels thick bright, if you know what I mean.2. The completely remodeled bathroom has no shelves. I don't know why this is so common. There's a toilet, with a back . . . put a small shelf there for stuff. There are wrap-around mirrors but only one hook on the door. EVERY traveler travels with toothbrush, toothpaste, drugs, etc. There should always be a place to put them.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York and staying on the Upper West Side. The restaurants and shopping in the neighborhood are great, you're walking distance to the subway, Museum of Natural History, Central Park, Beacon Theatre....really convenient.	
Jul 14 2009	Good overall	Great neighbourhood, excellent value and thrilled to see they have extended the breakfast to everyday (last fall it was only Mon-Thurs). My recent stay last week was the third time at the Milburn (which says a lot in itself)....but they seem to have let the 9th floor slide on cleanliness. Maybe it's the next floor scheduled for renovations? We arrived to long, black hair in clumps on the bathroom floor (the toilet had the sanitation seal on it from recent cleaning), the dishes in the cupboard were covered in oil and food, as was the kitchen countertops and light switch. The telephone and night stand had not seen a wipe down in a very long time either. Overall the room was fine (clean linens on the beds, and boy, they are sooooo comfortable), but when we told the front desk about the dishes needing cleaning the room staff only left a clean set on the counter with the dirty dishes remaining in the cupboard.	
Jul 3 2009 	Best kept secret!	My husband and I stayed in the Mlburn for three nights with four young children. Everything about our stay was fabulous. The price (for NY) was extremely reasonable, the location (upper West Side) was very convienent, the room siz (again, for NY) was more than adequate and the staff was friendly and helpful at all times. We were able to book a suite two days before arriving at more than 1/2 the cost we were quoted at other hotels.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location Comfortable Accomodations!	Milburn Hotel was an excellent value for NYC.....our room on the 6th floor was large and very comfortable. Some of the decor is dated...but the tv's (flat screen) were current. We had a living room area complete with a sofa which pulled out to a bed. Small kitchenette area (decent size fridge/microwave/sink)...small bathroom (hard to store toiletries). King sized bed was a delight to come back to....slept like a baby. Great pillows too. Room was very clean. Walls were thick...barely heard any noise. No view from our windows...just looked onto some bldg's. Great location....easy walk to subway, grocery store, shopping, decent restaurants, Central Park, etc. Free use of computers (only time we used it was to print our boarding passes...which they did for us). Small workout room. No restaurant in the hotel....but a free bfast was nice. They served mainly bagels, cereal, juices, etc. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 29 2009 	FANTASTIC LOCATION GREAT VALUE	The Milburn is located in the Upper West Side of NYC, about 5 blocks from Central Park and seconds from the Subway. We stayed in room 1006. It was surprisingly spacious, king size bed, flat screen TV, air conditioner, kitchenette with small refridgerator, coffee maker, iron and ironing board, good sized bathroom. The bed was fabulous, very comfortable and no polyester blankets! No view from this room. The windows faced 3 other buildings. The overall customer service there was great, felt so welcomed. Free continental breakfast, nothing to get excited about, cereal, coffee juice but all and all great deal for total package!We drove from Boston, parked the car out front to unload our bags and asked about parking. The concierge noted the Hertz on Amsterdam and Broadway charges $25.00 per day (if they have spaces) for Milburn guests or the other garages are $50.00 a day....the door man suggested street parking. We found street parking on the same block as the hotel for free on a Saturday night! No problems!!The neighborhood was gorgeous, lots of fresh markets, flea market on Sundays, and the Manhattan Diner a block away with 24 hour service and amazing food!Perfect location and quality for price. Paid $169.00 per night plus taxes came to $198.00Will definitely return!	
May 28 2009 	Best value in NYC!	Instead of an itsy-bitsy room, for the same price at The Milburn you get a suite with living room, separate bedroom and kitchenette, fridge &amp; microwave. Comfortable furnishings, 2 flat screen tv's, roomier-than-usual bath, PLUS the free continental breakfast with wonderful NYC bagels &amp; orange juice. Also free wifi. At 76th &amp; Broadway, we never had to wait for a cab -- nice, quiet neighborhood with grocery store around the corner. In our humble opinion, this is the best value in New York! Very accommodating front desk staff -- never had to wait to ask a question. Printed off our boarding passes for free.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent rapport between quality and price	We have just returned from New York having spent a week in the Milburn Hotel.This was our second visit and we were even more pleased.We had a very spacious room on the 13th floor.The room had a very nice balcony with a view of the Hudson river.We were fortunate to have a large bathroom .The staff in this hotel are really friendly and we noticed there seem to be very little change over of staff which we take to be a good sigh.True as other reviews have noted its not the most modern hotel but give me good service and friendly professional staff any time.The location is terrific.A really lovely neighbourhood with everything at hand.I just love the Manhatten Diner across the road.The breakfast in the Hotel is very disappointing but the diner is great and we thought a real New York Experience.The Hotel provides free wi fi which is pretty standard now.We travelled from Ireland and didnt bring a lap top .No need as there are three pcs with internet access for residents use.The are is very well catered for with some excellent delis on Broadway.In particular Zabars is outstanding and just a little walk up Broadway.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a little peace in the centre of Manhatten.	
Apr 3 2009 	The Milburn Delivers Again	We won't stay anywhere else when we visit New York. However, this is NOT a luxury hotel. If you like new shiny Hiltons or Sheratons and don't know New York, you may not like this hotel. But it is a REAL bargain in Manhattan. In an Upper West Side neighborhood, close to restaurants and grocery shopping--and all kinds of other shopping. Three blocks from the cross-town bus or the subway. About 10 blocks from Lincoln Center (if you're a walker, Times Square is only 35 blocks away, but the express subway from 72nd street will take you there with no stops). Two blocks from the park. Quieter than the Times Square hotels and cleaner. The continental breakfast is a nice addition. It's also handy to have a kitchenette, however small. Although there is no restaurant, there is room service through the front desk from local restaurants--and the prices are reasonable. This time, we had a king suite (usually stay in a junior suite) and the space was wonderful. Except for the bathroom. The bathrooms here are infinitesimal. You can barely turn around, no matter what the size of the room. It's an old building, the carpeting is worn, but it's clean. The bed was very comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful as ever. The swimming pool and fitness center are not on the premises. Although they say they have laundry facilities, they are industrial-size washers that cost $4 to wash and $2 to dry. If you have a huge amount of stuff to wash, that might be a deal, but if you pack light, there's a laundromat a block away on 75th where a wash is $2 and dry is .25 for each 7.5 minutes.	
Mar 25 2009 	Acceptable	Stayed in one of the rooms with 2 double beds. The room was clean and the bed was fantastic. The room was dowdy and could use a renovation. The room seemed small and at $230 plus tax a night (breakfast included) I thought it was a bit overpriced. The room was dark as it faced another building. Front desk staff was nice. No hotel parking but they send you to Hertz 2 blocks away where you get a great deal for overnight parking - $25 which for NY is cheap. Location is excellent with good pizza places, etc. nearby. Based on other reviews, maybe my issues were because of the type of room. They only have 1 room per floor with 2 double beds and kitchenette which we didn't use.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great value!	We loved the Milburn...and my 7 year old son still calls NYC that &quot;classy city&quot;. It may not have been the best hotel we've stayed in but for NYC it was fantastic: great area, very clean, nice bed and washroom and a small convenient kitchenette. The price was good for NYC and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 5 2009 	New Year's in NYC	This was a very nice hotel, however, I think that the front desk staff were not very informative. The breakfast room was also full as it came closer to 10 a.m. I just wanted to grab a piece of fruit and run, but I was forced to wait in line with the people who wanted to sit and chat over coffee and bagels...Also, there is no payphone in the lobby. If you want to make a call inside (where it's warm), you will have to pay the $1 fee every time.	
Jan 3 2009	Best value in NYC reasonable suites	Very Comfortable beds, clean, excellent value is in a lovely neighborhood...... walking distance to times square and shopping...We spent the money we saved on premium seats for shows... We stayed in a suite with a kitchenette...this is our second time at this wonderful hotel...continental breakfast with fresh baked bagels,scones and delicious coffee and orange juice and fresh fruit included..such a deal	
Dec 24 2008 	Wonderful place to stay!	We planned this trip several months ago and originally intended on staying in the Times Square area. However, upon advice from a friend who lives in NYC, she suggested we look elsewhere to stay as we were going to have our 8 and 9 year olds with us. The Milburn, located in the Upper West Side, came highly recommended in a wonderful guide book, New York City with Kids. After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I booked a reservation and have absolutely no regrets. We stayed there for six nights from Dec. 16-Dec. 21, 2008. Our room was plenty big with a tiny kitchenette. The children had a sofabed and my husband and I had a wonderful separate bedroom with a king size bed. There was a bath that had two entrances, one from the living area and one from the bedroom. The counter space in the bathroom is very minimal but there is storage space so you can put your things away when not in use. Besides having the sofabed in the living area, there was also a small dining table. The kitchenette was very small but served the purpose. There is a wonderful market just one block over, Fairway Market, and on a few occasions we bought food items and we were able to eat in the room. The building itself is very charming as it is a converted pre-war apartment building. The staff was helpful, too. We arrived at the hotel on the first night at 2:00 AM and they already had the sofabed made out for our children. The mattress in the bedroom was absolutely heavenly; I slept very soundly each night. The location is wonderful as there is a subway station four blocks one direction and three blocks in the opposite direction. I felt perfectly safe walking to the market alone or with my children. It is a very residential area and it was a treat just enjoying the beauty of all the different old era buildings in the neighborhood. There are several family-run shops as well as chain stores, such as The Children's Place and Gymboree. Getting to the theater district/Times Square on the subway was very easy and took less than 15 minutes. This was my first trip to NYC but I felt very comfortable getting around and plan to return in a few years. I will definitely stay at the Milburn on any future trips!	
Dec 9 2008 	Very satisfactory reasonable price	My wife and I stayed at the Milburn for four nights in early December, and found it quite satisfactory and a good value for Manhatan. The room was big enough, with a queen bed, clean and well-decorated, with nice bathroom and a fridge and microwave. There were some problems with the TV, but we didn't care enough to call the desk. While it would be outrageously expensive throughout most of the US, we felt it gave good value for Manhattan There was a pleasant continental breakfast offered, which we appreciated. The desk staff were pleasant and professional.We found the hotel convenient to Central Park and the upper West Side, and an easy 1/2 hour to Midtown.	
Dec 8 2008 	The Milburn is great value for money	The Milburn was a great find - fantastic location (right near Broadway in the Upper West Side) without the big city noise. Our room was spacious and clean with all the amenities you would find in a three or four star hotel. The service was also friendly and attentive. Would definitely stay here again as NYC hotels tend to be expensive, but by Manhatten standards, this one is reasonable.	
Dec 3 2008 	I keep finding these hidden gems!!!!	My first trip to New York and on the advise of NWWizz I booked this hotel and what a good recommendation . From the moment we arrived the staff were super friendly and were so helpful no matter what we asked them and they always smiled. We had room Suite 901 and it was extremely comfortable and very clean. Bathroom very small but not important as I would prefer to have a larger living space to relax in which we certainly got. The neighbourhood was lovely and very residential. You almost felt like a local. We used the subway to get to 42nd steet and was only a 5 min walk from the hotel. Breakfast was fresh and again served with a lovely smile. We will return to New York and when we do we will most definately stay at Hotel Milburn and I hope it never loses it charm and friendly staff.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great location	We stayed at the Milburn from Oct 20 – 27 this year, relying on the advice of Trip Advisor expert nywhiz. It was the best advice we ever got, and I cannot thank nywhiz enough for telling us about this hotel!We were in Rm. 1405, which had all the modern up-scale amenities: flatscreen TV, very comfortable king bed, video player, a little kitchenette with a big fridge, microwave, coffeemaker. Instead of just a coffee table, there was a small dining table, and that made eating meals in the room easier. The bathroom was spotless, and kept very clean by the hotel housekeeping staff.Breakfast is basic, if you want just coffee and a bagel. But meals were never a problem because the location is ideal: Upper West Side, a very safe place to be, with restaurants all around. For a light lunch, the famous Zabar’s is a 5-minute walk away, and at the corner of the hotel (2-minute walk) is Nick’s, a no-nonsense pizza and burger joint that serves huge burgers and breakfast meals at very reasonable prices. A short block away (5-minute walk) is local market Fairways, where we’d pick up a container of soup and fresh bread, and just heat it up in the room for a late evening meal. The Fairways Café also serves up good meals, and for the best bagels in Manhattan, there’s H&amp;H, also a 5-minute walk from the hotel. You don’t need a car if you are staying at Milburn’s. Right at the corner of 76h and Broadway (2-minute walk) you have a bus stop, and the subway is two blocks away (5-minute walk). Since Manhattan streets are just a grid, taking the bus is easy. You may want to purchase an “unlimited rides Metropass” from any subway station, and this gives you unlimited rides on both the subway and the buses. I paid $25 for a 7-day pass, a good deal. Central Park is a 15-minute walk away, or you can just walk to 72nd street and take Bus 72 Crosstown. Broadway and all other sites are as easily accessible from the hotel. Take Bus 104 at the corner bus stop (76h and Broadway), and this takes you directly to Columbus Circle/Central Park, the Broadway Theatre District and Times Square. To and from the airport we took a Dial 777 sedan, which is about the same price as a cab. If you book online for the trip to the hotel, you get a $3 voucher which you can use for the return trip. It comes out cheaper than a cab.We must commend the friendly and helpful front desk staff, particularly Adam. The staff was approachable, and would easily answer all our questions from places to eat and shop, to best take-out choices! Having a friendly staff always makes the stay more pleasant.The rate we paid, considering it was close to the New York marathon weekend, was $279 per night (reasonable for an Upper West Side location). I plan to ask the hotel when rates might be lower, because I certainly want to go back to this hotel!	
Nov 17 2008 	Nice gem on upper West	This hotel has been renovated recently and has updated features. Our bed &amp; linens were great. Each room is a kitchenette so it was fantastic to have a fridge. Our room had a balcony. Not much of a view but a balcony in NY for $279/night! The hotel provided free internet for those without laptops or blackberries. The free breakfast was very simple but a nice offering. The heat was by radiator that only came on when the outside temperature dropped below 50 degrees. That wasn't much of a problem except for the first day when the maid had left the window open. I'd recommend this hotel &amp; we would go back again. Another couple at breakfast said they come to NY often to visit their grandkids. They thought that the Milburn was the best hotel for the price on the upper West side since it had been renovated.	
Nov 3 2008 	Comedy Shave	I booked directly on a meeting rate of $235/night including breakfast (this was a busy time just before the New York marathon). The hotel staff were friendly and the room fine, including a kitchenette; the only criticism being the lack of space in the bathroom (making for comedy shaving moments in the morning) and a rather pungent smell emmanating from the kitchen cupboard. The location was excellent and close to Niko's restaurant and the Western brewing company (both on 76th). Central Park is pretty close (5 minutes walk) and Times Square about 30 minutes. Internet was free but slightly on the slow side. Overall a positive experience.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great NYC find!	We booked this hotel after discovering that most of the tourist area hotels in Manhattan had sky-high rates during September (we expected this would be a slower time but it obviously isn't). The Milburn was a great find and I would certainly stay here again.We have often wondered what it would be like to live in Manhattan and the Upper West Side location of the Milburn offered us the residential feel that we were looking for. The area is very safe and beautiful. We easily walked to Central Park (amazing!!) and visited some of the stores and restaurants in the area. As we explored the city, I realized that I was much happier staying out of the Times Square area. It was busy and garish. I liked staying in a more residential area like the Upper West Side. The hotel is not extravagant. The rooms were average but perfectly fine. They were clean and comfortable and roomy. We had a great experience with the front desk staff. There were a couple of employees that had great recommendations about the area. They were obviously glad to share a bit of their New York with visitors and we appreciated that. The breakfast was decent and a perfectly suitable start to the day. We did have to wait for 15 minutes to get seated because the tables were full of other guests. There was a nice variety of food and the bagels were tasty. If I were coming to New York again, I would be happy to stay at the Milburn.	
Oct 2 2008 	What a gem! I will stay here again.	I stayed here 9/28-9/30. The hotel is most definitely ABOVE average! Especially for $250/night + tax. We booked a room with 2 twin beds. Got a room on the 12th floor across from the elevators. Never heard the elevator once...and I'm a light sleeper. Never heard anyone in the hallway at night or through the walls. The room was much bigger than I expected for NYC. Plenty of room for me and my friend to push our beds apart, plus the &quot;dining table&quot;, a sitting chair, a desk, the TV stand and we put out the luggage rack. Still roomy! The room seemed nicely updated (decent beds, very nice linens, chandelier hanging from middle of room), except the TV was not flat panel, like we saw in a couple other rooms. No worries, I wasn't there to watch TV. Bathroom small, but very clean and modern. Water pressure in shower was fantastic! The glass tub door was a bit hard to maneuver, but we figured it out. Kitchenette area was tiny but useful (fridge, microwave, another sink, coffee maker). The AC unit was helpful to keep the room cold (good for sleepin') and is also good for masking any unwanted noise or providing white noise. I actually prefer a window unit to central AC...gives the user more control over temp, noise, fan, etc. Hotel staff very friendly at all times. Lent umbrellas out and a corkscrew for the wine we had brought back. Stored our luggage before check in and after check out. The breakfast was good...nice bagel selection, cereal, pastries. The breakfast room IS small, and they do monitor it. They would do best to put in smaller &quot;cafe&quot; furniture in there to accomodate more people, instead of the large, heavy, ornate furniture in there now. They will seat strangers together, which makes for fun conversation (i.e. 2 and 2 at a 4 person table). Now, they did post signs in the lobby and elevators that the water would need to be turned off between noon and 2pm one of the days to deal with a plumbing issue (fairly common around NYC in terms of older plumbing pipes throughout the city). Given that it was in the afternoon, this did not affect us at all, as we were out and about. They had it fixed by the time we returned to drop off shopping bags and it did not seem to inconvenience anyone that I saw. Now, for the tips. Here is what I found useful, when walking around the UWS:- Broadway is the &quot;main drag&quot;. A few casual eateries, gelato places, lots of commercial shopping (Loehmann's, Filenes, Circuit City). - Amsterdam (runs parallel to Broadway) has tons of restaurants. Many with outdoor seating. We spent 20 minutes walking around looking at menus, because we couldn't decide where to eat. We ended up at a tapas place called Luzia's. Excellent tapas. Try the portobello mushroom! - Columbus is parallel to Amsterdam (closest to Central Park). It has a mix of more &quot;boutique&quot; shopping and a variety of eateries. Ray's Famous Original Pizza is on Columbus. It came highly recommended by a former resident of NY. True NY style pizza. Other UWS benefits:- The Milburn is in a &quot;no honk&quot; area of the city. Was nice and quiet and residential around the hotel. - The 72nd St. subway stop for the 1,2 and 3 trains was very convenient and the subway was easy to use. 1 is the local train and makes many stops (grab a map from the Milburn!). 2 and 3 are express trains and make less stops. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel and I would most definitely stay there again. Yes, it's not perfect, but what is, really? It was clean, nice, convenient, affordable with friendly staff. That's all I ask!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great stay at the Milburn	Our stay at the Milburn was excellent. Great price for a New York hotel (250 for a suite) and the room was large, recently refurbished and comfortable. The staff were helpful (provided umbrellas when it was raining) and the hotel had free internet service. We are in NYC about twice a year so we don't want to stay in the tourist areas of midtown. We love the location - two blocks from Central Park, two blocks from the subway, and a great deli/market on the next corner, so we did not have to eat out at every meal (the hotel room has a small kitchen).	
Sep 11 2008 	good location small and a bit shabby	My family of three (2 adults/elementary age child) stayed here for one week. The lobby, public restroom, computer room, and sitting room are nicely updated. I wished they had updated our room the same way! We had a studio, comfortably firm king bed, then ordered a cot to be delivered. The room was small but manageable. The bathroom consisted of a sink and tiny counter space opposite a toilet and shower/tub. There was also a wall phone that I kept knocking with my arm. The baseboards had come off in some spots revealing some ugly spots underneath. I didn't dare open the crooked doors under the bathroom sink. I didn't want to see what was in there (it could've been fine--I don't know). I showered with the door open because it felt so claustrophobic with the door shut. A small refrigerator, sink, and coffeemaker were squeezed in on the opposite side of the bathroom. The maids do not wash dishes as part of their contract. The rooms were cleaned daily and they did a good job. The amount of shampoos/conditioners/lotions they give you is stingy. Unless you ask, they give you one sliver of a soap for the sink AND bath. No shower cap unless you ask, too. The A/C was very loud the whole time. The low-med-high setting controls didn't seem to make a difference although it did keep the temperature cool in the room. I had a hard time sleeping with the A/C on at first but after the second night, I got used to the noise. The front desk staff said the A/C was brand new. That was probably true;' they just didn't mention it was the lowest-end model of the newest A/Cs available. The staff offered to change our room but we decided it was bearable. The hotel gives free wi-fi both in the room and in the lobby. They give you a passcode for thirty minutes of websurfing in the lobby. I don't know if you can get another ticket if you wanted to surf beyond that. We found we didn't need more than that. The hotel offers free use of a brand new pool a few blocks away--this turned out great for our daughter who was tired of traveling. They require a swim cap though; luckily, they had some spares so we didn't have to buy one. The hotel also offers free use of DVDs and videotapes-also good for down time of the kids. The continental breakfast downstairs is offered Mon-Thurs. It's ok--nothing fancy but enough to get you started in the morning. Room service food comes delivered from another restaurant in a brown bag. It was nicely wrapped up in foil on the inside but didn't come on a done-up tray like my daughter had hoped. A washer/dryer are in the basement--I didn't see it but I heard it was pretty spooky down there. It takes something like $4 in quarters to wash. The front desk didn't have any quarters. We decided to take our laundry next door, which they washed/dried/folded for $1/lb. It was in by 9am, out by 5pm. Well worth it. The hotel is located on the upper west side, just three blocks from the subway. The shops and delis give this area a residential feel, away from the busy tourist areas, yet close to museums and Central Park. After the U.S. Open, we walked home from the subway at 2am but didn't feel unsafe at all. Employees were cleaning their shops and sweeping the streets and other folks were walking to their destinations. I'm not used to paying about $200+ for a room but in NYC, this is considered to be on the low end. Good location, but would've liked an updated room.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great value in a terrific neighborhood	We've stayed at the Milburn before and are pleased to see that some of the rooms have been refurbished. We called up shortly before our trip to NYC when nearly all the rooms were sold out and ended up with a room on the 1st floor (there are 2) very close to the elevator that everyone uses to go their floor. It was noisy, dark, and the a/c was not adjustable and therefore extremely cold. In addition, the water in the bathroom was lukewarm, both for the shower and the sink. After one night we requested a different room and were moved to the 11th floor and a larger, lighter room that was very comfortable for our remaining 3 day stay. Great king sized bed, lots of hot water, clean, everything worked. For those of you who don't like the continental breakfast or are there on the weekend, spend the extra $$s and go the cafe upstairs at the Fairway or go across the street to the coffee shop at the Viand. All in all, the Milburn is terrific value for the money and the rooms are much larger than most NYC hotel rooms. The neighborhood can't be beat, and this is coming from a former New Yorker who once lived around here!	
Sep 2 2008 	Excellent choice for families!	My husband, son, and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of August. We were extremely happy with this hotel and plan to use it again when we return to NYC. We've previously stayed in regular hotels and apartments in the city but think this may be a better value. We had a one bedroom suite. This was perfect for us because we could put our toddler to bed early and still have the living room area to relax in.The suite had a completely separate bedroom with a king sized bed, small closet, window unit air conditioner, small chair, lamp tables, dresser with 6 drawers, TV, and VCR/DVD player. Another door opened to the bathroom, which had a pedestal sink and a tub/shower combo. There was yet a 2nd door in the bathroom that opened up to the living area. This was great for us--we could get into the bathroom without waking our son up in the bedroom. Bed was comfortable (my husband thought it was a tad bit soft but I liked it); bathroom had toiletries brought in every day--soap, shampoo, body lotion, mouthwash. We were a little short on towels the first night but that was quickly fixed the next day after asking a housekeeper for more. Speaking of staff--all were friendly and helpful, especially the housekeeping staff. Very kind, and very understanding if our son was napping when they came to clean. Other staff were friendly and helpful as well--if we needed them.More about the room: the living area had a couch and two chairs, along with a table and chairs, a TV, VCR, dresser that held all of this, and a window unit air conditioner (worked very well!). There was also a small desk. In the entry, there was a small closet on one side with iron and ironing board. On the other side was a very tiny kitchen area--small sink, limited counter space, microwave, and small refrigerator. Only one person could stand in this area at a time, but it was great to have the frig and microwave! One quick note about the kitchen--make sure you wash the dishes before you use them. There is a statement in the hotel's information booklet (inside the room) about how the housekeeping staff does not wash dishes, per union agreement. So, just be aware of that if you plan to use them! I only found this out by accident when I was looking in the booklet to see what services the hotel offered.The location of this hotel is terrific--Upper West Side in a nice neighborhood with a grocery store on the next block (on Broadway between 76th and 77th)--it's called Westside Market. and it's amazing what all they can get into such tiny spaces. Besides regular grocery items, they also had lots of precooked and premade foods for take away. It's right next to Big Nick's-- a popular neighborhood restaurant--great hamburgers! There's another market going the opposite way on Broadway--a Fairways. There are lots of places to eat in this area and also some drugstores for other supplies too. Central Park is just a few blocks away. There are several subway stops nearby as well--72nd and 79th are the 2 that come to mind. This hotel was quiet and affordable (for NYC anyway) and we really felt like we were living in the neighborhood. If you want to be near Times Square and all the craziness, this is not the place for you. If you want a quiet, apartment style hotel with extra space for a good price, this is the place for you! It does take some time to get to other parts of the city so plan accordingly if using the subway, taxis, or even walking. We spent a lot of our time at Central Park, so this was extremely convenient for us. We also went to a Yankees game, so this was a good location for that as well.	
Aug 27 2008 	Highly recommended	Great location (near to subway stations and central park), very friendly staff, and by NY standards not unreasonable prices.....we loved it! As someone says in an earlier review, the bathrooms are a bit small, but that was our only complaint. And don't forget to check out Big Nick's hamburger joint just around the corner!	
Aug 21 2008 	Upper West Side Value	Used the Milburn for a five day &quot;girls' getaway.&quot; It is well located near shops and restaurants on Broadway and Amsterdam Ave. and just a walk away from Central Park and nearby museums. Two subway stations are just blocks away for seeing the rest of Manhattan. The hotel was clean and comfortable, but an older building. Three of us shared a suite with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. The beds were comfy, but the sofa sleeper pretty lumpy. The person who used that elected to make up the couch as a bed, instead! We had a few plumbing issues in the bathroom which were quickly repaired and rectified. The maid service wasn't as on top of things ,as we were shorted a set of clean towels each day and had to keep asking for a third set! Agree with another reviewer, that it would have been nice to have another mirror somewhere in the suite other than the bathroom so that we could all get ready for the day at the same time. The continental breakfasts were adequate, but we often took the food back up to our room because the breakfast room was quite small and usually filled. The computer room came in handy for checking emails, getting information, and printing out airline boarding passes. We felt that the hotel was a good value for New York. The staff was always responsive to our requests. I would stay here again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Forget the free breakfast	We stayed here for four nights with two teenage boys. We had a huge kingsize bed in one room and a double sofabed in the other. The rooms are spacious and each has its own TV. However, for four full-sized people, the bathroom is tiny. It could also do with a cupboard/shelf to put toiletries on as they end up all over the floor. The bathroom could have done with a little TLC but it was clean and there was plenty of hot water. The hotel is in a quiet location - vehicles are not allowed to sound their horns in the road outside between 11pm-7.30am - which meant a good night's sleep. We didn't use the kitchenette other than for keeping drinks cool.The breakfast is not great. There aren't enough tables so you have to wait in the lobby until the &quot;breakfast doorman&quot; lets you in. It's very basic and breakfasts in NY needn't be expensive. (You could try Big Nick's Burger Joint around the corner at 2175 Broadway). Note also that the hotel breakfast is only available Monday to Thursday.The reception staff were extremely helpful and very pleasant. They answered all our queries and recommended great places to go.As far as New York goes, the hotel was good value for money and we would certainly consider it again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Bit tired but we loved it	We spent a lot of time looking for accomodation in N.Y. and decided on this one based on previous reviews. Not sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised.The hotel is a bit tired, but clean and tidy and a very good price. There were 5 of us and we fitted well. The kitchen wasn't great but they brought extra plates etc to accomodate all of us.The hotel is well placed and we even walked from there to Times Sq. and back, with a 6 year old.There are some great markets around to stock up on essentials, and a couple of restaurants too.The airconditioners were a bit noisy but blocked out street noise.All in all, we were very happy with The Milburn, and would stay there again anytime.	
Aug 6 2008	Gone downhill...	We've stayed at the Milburn for years, but it has gone seriously downhill. The mattress on the sofa bed was described by my daughter as springs in a sheet. The remote for the TV didn't work, and despite many, many promises to fix this, nothing happened. The refrigerator did not work well. Service was terrible. The dishes for the kitchenette were dirty. I needed to request coffee for the coffee maker, which on previous visits had just appeared, and I kept being told that it was on its way. Three phone calls and one hour later it arrived. Every time we needed something the people working there acted like we were bothering them. We will not stay here again.	
Jul 30 2008	Very comfortable great price!	I stayed at this hotel with a friend just last weekend. Before our trip we spent some time looking to optimize the quality for the price. I must say that we were very happy with this hotel and will recommend it to everybody who asks. We got a great rate -- much cheaper than all of the other places we looked into.Our room was clean and spacious and bed very comfortable. Our room had a small but quite adequate bathroom and a small kitchen with microwave, fridge and sink. Everything was very clean and the staff made sure to keep it that way throughout our stay!The service was excellent, and the hotel staff very friendly. The hotel has excellent amenities - a gym, free internet, lounge, free breakfast Monday-Thursday. It is located in the Upper West Side - a charming part of New York City. There are two great grocery stores nearby, it is near Central Park and very close to two subway stations. You will not be disapointed!	
Jul 20 2008 	good for the money	Just returned from a week stay in NYC and the Milburn Hotel. On first sight, it didn't look great due to the narrow street and older buildings across from it. The lobby is attractive and people behind the desk are very friendly and helpful. Sorry the same can't be said about the &quot;breakfast police.&quot; The free breakfast was a good deal, but the guys in charge took their jobs seriously and no one gets in until they say due to overcrowding. An easy solution is to let people eat in the lobby/lounge. The rooms were fine for our time there. We had a one bedroom suite for four females (two in the bedroom w/ twin beds and the other two on the fold out couch). We always received the extra towels we requested and the maids cleaned up daily. The elevators were slow and small, but it was ok. Often the service people had to wait forever on a car to do their jobs. It would be helpful if they would add another mirror in the living room so others can get ready in that room, too. We used the very small kitchen area to wash faces, hair, and brush teeth since we didn't cook in there. The walk is short to the subway and we always felt safe. It was very quiet in the evening, but the trucks were out early in the mornings. I would recommend this place to others and would consider staying there again. It is an old building and I'm sure in it's day is was the best.	
Jul 14 2008 	Bargain in Upper West Side	Stayed here with a friend one Sat night. Staff very helpful, room was nicer than expected. Had two double beds, kitchenette, large room in clean and good condition. Very quiet. Beds very comfortable but not luxurious. Bathroom was a bit in need of minor maintenance to remove some scrapes and scuff marks but it was clean. Great location. Would stay here again if price remains low.	
Jun 23 2008 	Bad math ! Milburn Hotel reservation cancellation policy	My wife booked a room at the MILBURN HOTEL in New York City on their online website. Their cancellation policy states &quot;72 hours notice&quot; in one location and &quot;3 days&quot; in another. The reservation was for June 25th. Their check-in time is 3:00 p.m. We believed she had until 3:00 p.m. on Sunday (= 72 hours) to cancel.She knew there was a possibility her plans changing and made a point of finalizing some details before 3:00 on Sunday the 22nd. It turned out she could not make it. My wife attempted to cancel the reservation online at 12:30 on the 22nd and the website rejected it. I called the hotel and the front desk said they were &quot;too busy&quot; and would not deal with web-booked rooms (their own website, remember, not a broker). We sent an email to their &quot;contact us&quot; at 1:30 p.m. on the 22nd requesting assistance and never received an answer. My wife called again on Monday and was rebuffed with the new claim that the cancellation had to be three days before the start of the day of the reservation -- e.g. by Midnight on Saturday, (87 HOURS before they would let her into the room.)For a decent-looking hotel the overall service response of their employees was more like the NYC of the 80's than the generally customer-friendly approach of recent years. We were very disappointed (and apparently are out $300 bucks).I would reccommmend a very cautious approach to working with this hotel.	
Jun 17 2008 	Fantastic hotel fantastic value!	I just came back from a 6 night stay at the Milburn Hotel. We were booked into a room with 2 twin beds, but were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite with a king sized bed and pullout couch when we arrived. It was a great size, and both rooms had air conditioning and their own TV's.The shower had really good water pressure which was surprising to me, but I was glad to have it! We constantly used our fridge and microwave in the kitchenette. When we would bring food or snacks back to the room, we would actually use the microwave as storage and to heat up the leftovers we always seemed to have. This was great because we didn't have to eat out all the time! I brought my laptop with me and the free WiFi in the room was a great bonus as many other hotels charge for this service. The connection is a bit slow, but good enough for anyone's needs. The in-room safe is big enough for passports, money and some other small things. Laptops will not fit in there, but you can get a lot of other things in there!You have to keep in mind that this hotel is definitely older and has some quirks. The main one being the slower elevators. We were on the 9th floor and just before we were ready to go, one of us would go and hit the button on the elevator. The floors aren't that big, so it was easily accessible. Other than that, some of the fixtures are older and a bit dated....but they work! There are no ice or drink machines on each floor either. I think you have to go to the basement to find these, but we just stocked our fridge so we always had cold drinks in the room.They have a really nice continental breakfast downstairs from Mon-Thurs. There are fresh bagels, fruit, cereal, juice, milk, and different dainties to choose from. I always had the bagels with cream cheese, and they were nice and fresh every day. Overall, this hotel is a great value on the Upper West Side. There are 2 subway stops within easy walking distance, and there are tons of shops around...including a few drug stores (for water and snacks, etc), a bunch of great restaurants, and 2 popular markets (Fairway and Westside) for groceries if you need them. It's in a beautiful area and it's a lot quieter than being in Midtown. You can walk to Central Park very easily too. It's just a lot more laid back and not swarming with tourists....you actually start to feel like a local after a while!	
Jun 15 2008 	Great hotel on the Upper West Side	The Milburn is a terrific hotel for tourists or fairly casual business travelers. I say casual business travelers because there is no business center and the Wifi wasn't very strong in the room I had. On the other hand, the staff was extremely friendly and eager to help on anything from internet to tourist advice.The location--Broadway at 76th--provided convenient access to the subway, restaurants, Central Park, Zabar's, and a great gelato place (Grom) just around the corner. My room (a queen suite) had a fridge and microwave, as well as dining table, dishes and utensils, so provided opportunities to save money by eating in. Complimentary continental breakfast and free wifi made the price an even better bargain.The rooms aren't fancy but my eyes were closed most of the time I was in the room. I wanted a quiet, comfortable, safe place to stay (I am a single woman) and I got all of that.On my next trip to NYC I will probably stay at the Milburn again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Value Fabulous Location Excellent Staff -- BUT a very tired hotel	You can't beat the location -- access to subways, restaurants, Central Park and Riverside Park -- and right in the hub of the Upper West Side. (Which is nice since it's a residiential area and not at all touristy. This makes staying at this hotel a great way to get a sense for the real New York -- at least the Upper West Side neighborhood.) And yes, the wireless internet services were excellent -- in room and in lobby. The Continental breakfast offered free from Monday through Thursday is really nice too. (Great NYC bagels!) And I found all the staff to be top shelf and would even say they were comparable to the service I've had at 5 star hotels. Big kudos to the management and those who work there. So incredibly pleasant, efficient and helpful. And the lobby is nicely done and very comfortable.And then there's the value. Great price given all of the above plus very nice sized rooms with mini kitchen facilities. (Fridge, microwave and coffee pot.) The bathroom yes, was small but that didn't bother me -- this is NYC afterall. What really did bother me was the fact that the rooms (as least the one I was in) are in DIRE need of renovating.I kept thinking I got one of the oldest rooms but apparently that was not the case. My room was very dinghy and depressing. Wallpaper was peeling, baseboards were in need of repair, there was random damage to the walls throughout, the caulking in the bathroom was really in bad shape, the furniture had dings all over it, the drapes were very old and tired looking, the bedspread was the kind that had seen far too many guests (I just gingerly folded it and tucked it away so I didn't have to look at it OR touch it), the carpet was pretty old looking (I was grossed out by it and never walked on it barefooted). I will be honest, it was awful and I was somewhat 'grossed out' by the state of the room. But, since I was not there with my husband and in NY for business, I made the best of it. If this was more of a vacation and I wanted to enjoy the atmosphere of my accomodations, I would have switched hotels in a heartbeat. Even if it meant paying more. And note: TripAdvisor is such a great site. I'm a real fan and avid user. In considering reviews however, it's important to take into consideration the 'standards' of the reviewer. One man's Taj Mahal might be another's Motel 6.(I actually wish Trip Advisor would come up with a way to measure that factor.) That said, The Milburn might be considered ideal and perfect for some. When I travel I typically like a more upscale experience. Ambience and quality of room decor is very important. That's why The Milburn is just not my cup of tea. Hopefully a renovation of rooms is in the works -- it has the potential to be a great place to stay...I just won't be there again in the near future.	
May 31 2008	Great on a budget	The Milburn is a great little hotel. I had an &quot;efficiency&quot; apt. with a king-sized bed. It is a really nice room, with a little kitchenette. The kitchenette has utensils, plates, etc. but more importantly, a microwave and a small refrigerator. I didn't use anything but the fridge, but it was available if I'd needed it. The bed was the most comfy bed I've had in a budget priced hotel, and the bedroom section is very roomy, with a desk, a table and chairs, and dresser. There is a TV with a DVD/VCR. The elevator seemed readily available, the staff was super friendly, and they even provide a continental breakfast on most days (not sure what the pattern is, you may want to ask. On Friday of my stay, there was not b'fast.). I did not use the workout room, but it looked well mainained and equipped. There is a nice lobby, with wi-fi. The wi-fi also worked well in the room. You have to ask for a code, but it's free, fast, and easy. It's in a great location, too, for restaurants, shopping, and subway. The negatives are: Small bathroom, loud air conditioner. These are very minor issues. If I were to recomend anything, I'd recommend remodeling/updating the bathroom. Otherwise, it was perfect. I have several upcoming trips to NY planned. I plan to stay at the Milburn. A colleague of mine stayed at a different hotel, nearby, and similarly priced. She was not pleased, and came up to my room to look. She liked my room much better than hers...Definitely worth checking on... but I hope the word doesn't get out too much. I like the fact it was easy to book.	
May 20 2008 	Homey quiet but chilly	The Milburn is a solid, good value hotel for NYC. I stayed in a 1-room suite (bedroom with two twin beds, living room, full bath and kitchenette) for $294 per night + taxes. The room was quiet-- a big improvement over the noisier places I've stayed near Time's Square. The doors and walls are thick so little sound was heard from the hallway or adjacent rooms. The room was also large by NYC hotel standards.The weather was on the chilly side- mid 60s. In need of some heat, I found that there wasn't any. The hotel has central heating and it was turned off since it was May. The front desk was kind enough to give me a big, thick, warm bathrobe, but with no heat in the room I found it a bit uncomfortable to sit around. I tried to purchase a heater from the hardware store nearby but they were out since it was May; so just a word to those who are sensitive to the cold and plan a Spring trip, either bring a heater or plenty of long underwear.The front desk was always helpful. Check in and check out were quick and easy. Hot cider was provided in the lobby-- at first I mistook it for coffee.The hotel location is excellent. Two blocks from the Subway and half a block from the bus stop. The area is safe to walk around in at night. I would definitely stay at the Milburn again.	
May 20 2008 	A gem in a treasure of a neighborhood	It seemed that searching for a hotel room under $300 a night, (and WITH its own bathroom) in Manhattan was futile. The message is don't give up. Finally we found The Milburn on 76th &amp; B'way. Perfect. Tasteful, clean,and by NY standards a large room, which was quiet and comfortable. Even had a little kitchenette. True, the bathroom was tiny but hey...it all worked. The staff was gracious and courteous. Did whatever they could to help us and suggested ideas we didn't know to think. Close to Riverside Park, the museum of natural history and the historical museum. An easy walk to Lincoln Center. Easy subway access. A 24 hour room service menu with surprisingly reasonable prices. Highly recommend. You can stop looking now.	
May 13 2008 	Horrible Treatment	disgusting treatment - after traveling 20 hours from Australia we were greeted with rudeness and total disinterest and the front manager with the beard started a shouting match that our room was not ready even tho we arrived at 1,30pm and that the bed we ordered wasnot available and who cares!He adopted a couldnot care less atitude. I am a medical doctor and not someone off the streets and have been to New York 15 times in the past 10 years - to be treated like this by this little man.He did us a great favour as we found better accomodation for 14 days where we were treated with professionalism and respect. I would never ever stay at this place and will give my opinion about it to othersThe best part was that he made us pay for one nights accomadation Thoroughly disgusted with this hotel - never ever see me again for sure!!!	
May 1 2008	Milburn Hotel	Stayed with my husbond in Milburn Hotel for five nights in March. The location in Upper West Side is perfect. Fairways and Zabars are just around the corner and there are lots of nice restaurants around. The hotel itself is nothing special (no luxury), but its clean and the staff is extreamly helpful and smiling. Our room was spacious enough and the small kitchen was very handy. The only minus was the very, very small bathroom. I would stay again in Milburn anytime.	
Apr 14 2008 	A Great Base For A Great City	Our first time to the &quot;Big Apple&quot; family of 5 from London. We had room 602 which is a 2 room suite with 2 big doubles in one room and an OK sofabed in the lounge .Kids had the doubles, we had the sofabed.Rooms are good size and clean, bathroom was OK with no screen issues as mentioned in other reviews, blinds and curtains fine. Also at $299 per night for all of us, is good value.Kitchenette is small, but a useful cubbyhole for tea/ coffee etcInitial problem in that we only had towels &amp; water glasses/ tea cups for 2 and no bedding for the sofabed, but a quick phone call sorted that. afterwards we had very little interaction with the staff until departure, we had an evening flight and had to checkout at 12.00we were able to stash our luggage in a secure room , gain access to it , and change clothes prior to one of the porters driving us to JFK.We were very happy with the hotel, good position, only 5 minutes walk from the 72 st subway, 10 minutes from central park.Also I must tell you about 3 great places to eat all within 100 yards of the hotel.Nicos: just 30 yards from the hotel on the corner of 76 and Broadway. Really nice meditteranian / greek food, nice atmosphere and not pricey.Breakfast: The Manhattan Diner diagonally opposite Nicos on the corner of 77 and Broadway . Just go there.For a newcomer to New York it was a classic introduction to the great American Breakfast.Finally inbetween the above, next to a small supermarket is &quot;Big Nick's Burger / Pizza Joint&quot; This place looks like a dive from the outside, but step inside and you have a 26 page menu and the best food in the world. So Thank you Milburn and the Upper West Side we will be back.Philip Murgatroyd	
Apr 13 2008 	Great budget hotel	I stayed at the Milburn from 03/29/08 to 04/05/08 in a studio. Check in went smoothly, and the front desk staff was friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, the bed was comfortable, and it was very clean. The bathroom was very small, and I had to be a bit creative in where I kept my toiletries, but it was fine for one person. Also could have done without the phone in the bathroom - I hit it with my shoulder a lot. Friends were also staying at the Milburn in a studio, and their bathroom was bigger, but their room was smaller (still adequate for them though). I loved having the refrigerator in the room - I only used it to store beverages, but still very nice to have.A few minor downsides:~ The elevators can be very s.l.o.w at times, and were also kind of dingy. We were only on the third floor, so we just took the stairs if we were tired of waiting for the elevator to get there. The higher up you are, the less inclined you would be take the stairs!~ The rooms have steam heat, and it can be a bit of a challenge to regulate. However, if you call the front desk, they will send someone from maintenance up very promptly to adjust it for you. My room was boiling hot when I got in. Maintenance turned it down as low as it would go, and I still managed room temperature by having the window open most of the time I was in the room.~ The phone system is old and doesn't work very well...at least it didn't in my room. The few times I made phone calls, I could hear other conversations in the background.I loved the location on the UWS. You are close to a subway station that will get you pretty well anywhere you want to go, and very near to many great restaurants, shops, and grocery stores, yet the side streets are residential and pretty quiet. It's an easy walk to both Central Park and Riverside Park.It's an older hotel, but very well kept. For the price, I would definitely stay at the Milburn again. Loved the location.	
Apr 3 2008 	A Gem of a Hotel on the Upper West Side	We wanted to celebrate our wedding anniversary in New York and friends recommended the Milburn. It was a terrific choice. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are comfortable and clean and the hotel is in a great area. There is also a very good choice of shops around the Upper West Side. The kitchenette was a great bonus, as we were able to buy food at the huge local supermarket 2 minutes away and eat &quot;at home&quot; in our room.Free use of Internet in the computer room and exercise room is an added extra.We were also pleasantly surprised at how reasonable the rates were, as we had heard that New York hotels had raised their prices (but maybe that had something to do with the favourable UK Pound against the US Dollar rate).We would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good upper west side hotel	We booked a king suite for four people. The suite was quite spacious and suitable. There were three phones in the suite, two televisions, and a small kitchenette with coffee, tea, and cookies on the counter. The hotel lobby is comfortable, yet gracious, with exercise and computer rooms just off of it. It was nice to have free internet available in the computer room and there was always a computer available. Service personnel were attentive and professional. Room service is offered and provided from the Manhattan Diner close to the hotel.The only problem we encountered were the lack of darkening drapes or blinds to keep out the morning sun. The mini-blinds on the windows did not keep the sun from coming in in the morning. This made it difficult to sleep late. The hotel offers a continental breakfast during the week to its guests. It consists of bagels, muffins, fruit, juice, and cereal. The breakfast was average but a nice touch. The location of the Milburn is close to the subway, many neighborhood restaurants, shops, and grocery stores. Check out the prepared food at Fairways or Zabars. The neighborhood feels like a neighborhood, not a tourist trap like Times Square.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great Value if Travelling with Family and want Upper West Side Base	Prior Reviews are very accurate. We booked a suite for one-night for $300. We have a 6 and 8 year old and like to have 2 rooms when travelling, if possible. Also, since we were only going one night, it was nice to be able to park once (on the street for free!) while being able to walk to the Natural History and Metropolitan Museums plus have close access to Central Park. The hotel has a nice lobby, a sitting area, free computer access, and free hot apple cider, and a small exercise room. The elevators are slow. The rooms are spacious though the decor is circa 1970s. The rooms had 2 TVs, full cable, a VHS and a DVD player,a small kitchenette. The bathroom was large. A prior review mentioned a wobbly shower door. We also encountered the same thing. You would think this is something that the hotel could improve at a minor expense. In all, the hotel was clean and the staff were helpful, but it's clearly not the Ritz Carlton and so long as you don't enter with unreasonable expectations, you will be very satisfied. We also did not care about decor because we liked the large rooms and really liked the neighborhood. You actually feel like you are a resident of the city more than a tourist. There is a world of difference between the Upper West Side and being in Times square, which is where many of the tourist hotels are located. This area is quiet with lots of great restaurants, playgrounds, shopping all nearby. The museums were not too crowded and at least with our kids, I really try and plan ahead which sections to see. At the Met, we saw the Roman &amp; Greek sculptures, Egypt, and the Armor. At the Natural History, we stuck to the dinosaurs, evolution of man (my favorite) and gems. Otherwise, it is just too overwhelming. Some might feel that if you pay the suggested admission, you feel obligated to see everything. We chose to pay 1/2 the suggested amount, feeling justified given that we knew we were only going to be in the museums for 1-2 hours. Finally, we wanted to go the Central Park Zoo, but the kids complained that it was too cold so we passed. Finally, if I was just with my wife, I would have stayed more luxuriously than the Milburn and if we wanted to see/do things downtown with kids, I would have chosen the Embassy Suites. But for our needs, Milburn was the right choice.	
Jan 31 2008	With Repairs It is Putting on Airs	More than 12 years ago, when we first began to stay at the Milburn Hotel, it was a little threadbare, and a wonderful find. The hotel offered a rare combination of professionalism and hospitality. The hotel, once a residential apartment hotel, gradually converted the aging rooms, and each year there was a little more of the new as the residents who lived in the hotel left and the hotel charges contributed to the funding of the renovations.The transformation is now complete and the new lobby has a clubbiness, including the books as decorations. The Milburn, with its new/old fittings, is giving itself the new image of a European boutique hotel, complete with hotel staff who screen phone calls for those important enough for the manager (yes, I was actually told that). I'm not a self-important prig, but after more than a decade, it has been nice for the front staff to recognize my name when I've called. I'm not writing to state that the location of the hotel has changed, nor have the rooms suddenly become ill-kept, but there are moments, exchanges with hotel staff, that travelers recognize as the signals that the warmth and professionalism that previously defined the hotel has been superseded by the cold and impersonal.A hotel survives on repeat guests and references. A note to you who have stayed in the Milburn in earlier years, she's a pretty lady now, lost the shabby charm, but she's looking into the mirror instead of looking at her loyal customers.	
Jan 26 2008 	A gem in New York City	My husband and I traveled to NYC for the first time in September, 2007. I did LOTS of research before settling on the Milburn. Many people say that although most rooms in New York are only as big as shoe-boxes, it doesn't matter because you're never in your room. Even so, I can't stand tripping over things and like to have a spacious room, and the Milburn definitely fit the bill. We paid about $310/night, which was pretty much the going rate for hotels of this calibre in NYC in September, one of the busiest months.We had a king suite, and both rooms were very spacious. There were phones and TVs in both rooms, and a phone in the bathroom. As others have noted here, the bathroom was tiny, but I'd rather have a small bathroom than a small living space! The hotel was a bit shabby but it was clean, as was the room. Staff were helpful and friendly, although being as self-sufficient as we are, we had little interaction. Bed was comfortable, air conditioner wasn't TOO noisy, very little noise heard from other rooms. We LOVED the surrounding neighbourhood. Although we went out for a couple of expensive dinners, we didn't want to spend much time sitting in restaurants waiting to be served, so shopped at neighbourhood grocery stores and had our breakfasts and some dinners in our room, The kitchenette was tiny but quite functional. We really liked that when we were out walking, we were in the midst of folks walking their dogs, walking their kids to school, and so on. Proximity to Central Park was great, ditto the subway. I've recommended this hotel to friends, a couple of whom have taken my advice and stayed there on trips to NYC. Nobody has been disappointed.	
Jan 7 2008 	At Last...	...a decent room in New York for less than my mortgage.I live in New York, and I have for more than 25 years. The Milburn is one of the very few hotels here, where you get more than what you pay for. No, it's not a fancy hotel with a set of uniformed doormen and turn down service.Yes, it is in one of the best neighborhoods in this fabulous city, where your room service choices are made up of all the tremendous restaurants in the area that deliver to your suite.It's clean. It's legit. It's convenient. And it's very, very reasonable.	
Jan 4 2008	Lovely  quiet and relaxed hotel	We arrived in the Milburn hotel for New Years. Lovely hotel, basic but nice. Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel was based about 30 min walk from times square and about 5 mins to entrance to central park. We found the location great and very easy to find our way around. Our room was great, we had a separate living area/kitchenette to the bedroom. small walk in wardrobe, standard size bathroom.we were at the end of the hallway so we found it very quiet , no disturbances. Maid service only came in when we hung sign on door for maid service which was great - only when we needed it . I would definitely recommend this hotel for standard, comfortable accomadation in new york.	
Dec 25 2007 	Home away from home	This hotel is rated 3 stars only because its older and smaller. The front desk is helpful and the room are plenty big and clean although older in style. The rooms have mini kitchens in them although you don't need them because the Manhattan Diner is across the street and is amazing for breakfast and is open 24 hours. The hotel gives you 20% discount coupons for the restaurant across the street called Nikos. Nikos is a crowded local restaurant frequented by the locals and the Greek food is fantastic and not expensive. A Block south is the famous Fairway mrkt where you can buy anything and everything in the way of food for your room. The Milburn hotel is close to shopping and the subway. A great place at a reasonable price. Book early as they get filled quickly at vacation times.I highly recommend this hotel and have stayed there many times.	
Dec 10 2007 	Loved Milburn!	My family and I, at the last minute, decided to go to NYC for a weekend. I looked for places online and called some of the cheaper places ($150 below/night) but they were all booked. Online, Milburn was around $400/night but when I called them, it was just $310 (with taxes already) for a room with two double beds and kitchenette, bathroom. The area around it, Upper west side was really quiet and clean and felt safe unlike midtown. There was a lot of places to eat near the Milburn. When we entered Milburn lobby, we were impressed by the beautiful christmas decor and quiet elegance. The elevators were old but seemed stable. The staff was courteous and even gave us our room at around 2pm instead of 3pm. The room was clean, with two double beds (they said twin beds!). The decor was a bit shabby but still nice. We had a good stay and even if we went home around midnight, the area around milburn was safe and well-lit. I would stay there again.	
Dec 9 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Milburn!	My sister and I spent the weekend in New York City and we were so pleased with our stay at the Milburn Hotel. The staff were extremely welcoming and helpful. The room was clean and spacious, the beds were very comfortable, and it was nice to have a kitchen. The location is just perfect - close to Central Park and only a few blocks from the subway for quick access to the rest of the city. The location of the hotel provided a welcome respite after a busy day among the holiday throngs in lower Manhattan. We will certainly stay at the Milburn Hotel the next time we are in New York. Special thanks to Mika!!	
Nov 25 2007	Low Key Place to Stay in Nice Non-Touristy Neighborhood	Just got back from spending 4 nights at the Milburn during a very busy time of year. The entire neighborhood was a bursting at the seams the night we arrived, which was the night before the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Turns out the neighborhood was packed with visitors to see the balloons inflated just blocks from the hotel AND the parade route was just a few blocks from the hotel as well. We were thankful that the hotel had a parking deal with Hertz and that they had room for us. Parking was just $25 a day for hotel guests...going rate for the lots was $50-60 during on the night before and day of the parade.Even though we had complicated logistics (three families with three different arrival times - one family with 5 kids), the hotel reservation staff was very patient and helpful. They even called us back when a larger suite became available. The front desk kept the lobby supplied with hot apple cider which all the guests, us included, happily consumed when coming in from the chilly air. Breakfast is only served Mon-Thurs(except holidays) so I didn't experience any of the food. This is NOT one of the nicer hotels I've ever stayed in, here were the biggest negatives: - our room was a little shabby- the bathroom was very tiny (only one person can fit at a time and even then, some people may not fit at all!) and in need of some work- the elevators could be a little slow- the ice machine is inconveniently located in the basement- there was no newspaper in the AM- thinnish walls, the squeals and screams of the children next door awoke us two mornings in a row, though they did try to be more quiet after we informed themMy mother-in-law's room was a little nicer, well at least her bathroom seemed larger and more modern, also it seemed a little airier. We were in room 709, she was in room 706 (both had King beds).All said, I would definitely stay here again even though it is not even on of the nicer NYC hotels I've stayed in. Why? - I enjoyed being in an area that felt more like a neighborhood than a tourist destination. - rooms were decent...not great...but okay- the staff was nice and helpful in a low key way- it was helpful to have a little microwave and fridge in the room, as well as a few dishes	
Oct 10 2007 	Good Choice at The Milburn.	We stayed at the Milburn for 4 nights on our first visit to New York from Australia after looking for a middle priced hotel on “Trip Advisor.” We got it down to the “Casablanca” in Times Square which rated very highly and “The Milburn” and eventually chose the latter. The main reasons were that the &quot;Milburn’s&quot; location was away from the main buzz for a bit of peace and quiet but near enough to everything by subway (72nd St - Express lines) and to lots of places such as Central Park and Zabars by just walking. Also the rooms were much bigger with kitchenette facilities which meant you could knock up your own breakfast, coffee breaks and small meals when you needed it.We were not disappointed and some of the extra bonuses were:1. Free Internet Room on the Ground floor.2. Rooms had extra living space, ironing board, 2 TVs, stacks of storage space, microwave and electric stove, free coffee makers and very comfortable beds.3. Location was just great with a large supermarket just down the block on Broadway for all your everyday needs. The famous Zabars Deli was 5 minutes in the other direction and what must be the best place for hamburgers in New York (Big Nick’s) was 2 minutes around the corner. 4. Can leave luggage before/after check in/out time.Just remember this is not a “classy” hotel and I would recommend that you go for the slightly better standard rooms which have more space and are higher up with a better view. But it does represent excellent value.As anywhere, the service will always depend on who is behind the counter at the time but we always found every-one most helpful. When we checked out to go by private hire car to JFK ($60) we left a small package on the sidewalk with a T-shirt for our grand-daughter from the American Museum of Natural History which we walked to on the last morning. Two weeks later the T-Shirt appeared in the mail back in Sydney thanks to “The Milburn” Hotel. You can’t ask for better service than that.	
Oct 4 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	We chose the Milburn based upon reviews like this. Our room was booked as a one bedroom suite with two twin beds. We had read reviews of other New York hotels where the rooms were cramped, so we expected small rooms. Instead, we were overwhelmed by the spaciousness of the rooms. The &quot;kitchen&quot; area was small, but had the necessary stuff - fridge, microwave, sink, a few dishes, etc. that were needed for us. The &quot;twin&quot; beds were really double beds, and we had TV and other electronics in both rooms. There was also lots of closet space. The staff was helpful and left us alone unless we asked for help. We were able to store our luggage before check-in and after check-out. There were many good markets, shops, restaurants, bakeries, etc within a few minutes walk. The subway was conveniently only a few blocks away. Bottom line, we felt that it was a great value and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great job Milburn!	My wife, brother and sister-in-law stayed at the Milburn for five nights from 9/15/07, based on the mostly positive reviews here on TA. We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. We had the studio queen rooms, which were quite adequate for our needs. It's clean and comfortable. The beds were excellent. The kitchenette was very useful. The bathrooms were nice although a bit on the small side. It has a beautiful, cozy lobby with a nice workout room with flat screen TV's off to the side (which I used once and enjoyed). The staff were very friendly and helpful and even took our picture a couple of times. If you have reasonable expectations for what you're paying, as compared to the other upper west side hotels, and you should be very pleased.The best part, however, is it's location and value. It's located on the upper west side close to all conveniences you can imagine. The subway (2 stations) is very close. Central Park, Lincoln Center and the Museum of Natural History are within a 10-15 minute walk. Very good restaurants are within walking distance (try the Manhattan Diner at 77th &amp; Broadway, where George Clooney was filming a scene from his new movie next door while we were eating!). The hotel is a few steps from Broadway and 76th St. is VERY quiet, which offers a welcome reprieve from the hustle and noise of the city. It was the best value, in my opinion, on the UWS based on all the research I did.	
Sep 10 2007 	Very nice place good staff good value great location	Stayed for an entire week in August, changing rooms four times because of varying numbers of guests in our party. The one bedroom suites are fine, well furnished, quiet enough, good cable TV. The king and queen rooms are also fine, all have a microwave, coffee machine and plates and cups. The best room might be 1002 normally for handicapped persons. it is huge but has a special walk in shower. The staff were always friendly and helpful. the location is fantastic, with Fairway supermarket out the door, the 72nd st Subway whisking you via express trains up and down the city. Nothing in NYC is cheap, but I am convinced the Milburn is good value.	
Aug 28 2007 	good value but have reasonable expectations	My extended family and I stayed at the Milburn this past weekend. The neighborhood is great for a home base - a nice, safe-feeling area, with restaurants nearby, close to subway/bus, walking distance to many fun things. The staff was always sincerely friendly and helpful without being over the top or phony. In fact, the manager went way out of his way to help us with a parking situation that came up.We had three rooms, all next to each other, including one two-room suite. The two regular rooms were small, especially the bathrooms. Reasonably clean, but this is NOT a four or five star property. The decor is a little dated, but the room had a tv, cable, and a dvd player, as well as an iron, ironing board, safe, and a mini-kitchen area. The rooms were VERY quiet - no noise from the hallway was heard or from outside, or the other rooms. The A/C was a window type, and was very noisy (average for a window model, in my experience, but certainly different from the quiet hum of central A/C in a more modern hotel). I would recommend this property based on the staff and value, as long as the expectation going into it is appropriate - it's not fancy, but offers a whole lot for the price!	
Aug 21 2007 	Best Value on the Upper West Side	After the mixed reviews here, we were not expecting the jewel in the rough we found: a junior suite with renovated bathroom, a functional kitchenette (with plenty of coffee supplied), good range of lighting and I thought a perfectly comfortable bed. They did not have a roller bed for my son the first night but brought one without prompting for him the next nights of our stay. There was a plumbing problem in our bathroom - routine wear and tear, nothing predictable: the serviceman arrived within five minutes of our report and fixed it. Their front desk staff were helpful. Wifi was free. The hotel's position, slightly up a sidestreet from Broadway, makes it quieter than more expensive hotels such as the Beacon or On The Avenue. And the location is wonderful, with The Manhattan Diner quick and tasty for breakfast and so much else close by. We think the hotel is trying hard to give good service, and offers a mildly bohemian but well-run alternative to slightly duller, not much more luxurious hotels. Really good value for money (in NYC), and we look forward to going back.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good value decent service excellent experience	I booked my stay at the Milburn site for $195, a very competitive price for August in NYC on the Upper West Side. I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised right away by the cleanliness of the lobby. The service at the desk was always professional and helpful, at times, depending who was on duty. Be prepared to wait for a room if you arrive before 3 p.m. There are some perks: They'll keep your bags after you check out; free wireless Internet access in the rooms. Mostly, this is a no frills outfit. The rooms are a bit outdated, but I didn't care. They're good-sized. The beds are extremely hard. An extra pillow or two is a good idea. My shower door was falling off (oh, well). TV has a lot of channels. Elevators were slow but always available. Maid service is a little late in the day, but they did a nice job of turning down the bed, etc. Window air-conditioner concerned me , especially since it was hot outside, but I turned it down when I arrived, and it did the trick well. While there, the water in the hotel was shut off from 1-3 p.m. one day in the afternoon. This was an inconvenience, but it's not likely to happen again. The location is excellent. Close to three subway stations, the Natural History museum, Central Park, Riverside Park, plenty of food and entertainment. I'd stay at the Milburn again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Do not stay here!!!!	The worst customer service on the planet! I booked a room through [--]at the last minute and when I arrived at 2:00 am because of a very late flight my room was cancelled. The front desk representative didn't want to assist me and just kept muttering he was just a clerk. NO MANAGER on duty. It took him over an hour to contact the manager who said he couldn't help me as they had rented my room. Per [--] the reservation was not cancelled and the hotel is not allowed according to their contract to rent out that book of business. The hotel staff was so rude it was like I didn't exist. [--] called the rep on duty and yelled at him but it did no good. To top it all off, [--]tried to tell me that they couldn't get me a room until after 7:00 am because of a policy of rooms being held until then. It took a lot of talking to managers and riding around NY all night before I got a room at 5:am. I will never book at this hotel or use [--]again.	
Jul 30 2007	Not a great stay	Recently I stayed and have decided it would be my last visit, since the Milburn is an unpredictable mixed bag of a hotel.It is on the Upper West Side, which is a great area and the main reason I stay there. Upon checking in the room this past week it had a very unpleasant odor I think it may be the rugs. We had to open the windows – we were on our way to an engagement so we did not have to stay in the room, and let it air out.  The beds which we were told were brand new (although they did not look it) were as hard as lying on a bed of bricks. We had to call the front desk and have them bring up some pads for the beds, we used 2 pads a piece and it helped some.The room décor has not changed or been updated in at least the 12 years that I have stayed there on and of f and it is really now old and dated.What was really troubling however was while my sister was taking a shower when she opened the shower door to exit it fell in on her. Thank God she was not hurt and they had some one come right up and fix it, but the front desk’s attitude was very off putting, they did not extend an apology for this incident, but told us in a very chilly manner that if my sister wanted to go to the hospital they would pay for her visit. When a room has not been updated in so long you don’t feel confident in the cleanliness of the chairs, bed spreads etc.That’s the last time the Milburn will see us. I’m shopping for another hotel in the area so if anyone knows of a good one. In fairness the Milburn has good size rooms and we have never felt unsafe there (other than the shower incident).It is really a mixed bag of a hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	The Mliburn Met My Needs	I stayed for four nights at the Milburn. It met the basics--clean, quiet, reasonably comfortable beds, mostly dark (see below) but had a number of annoying small problems. It did have a tiny kitchenette, and a phone in the bathroom (actually a bit of an inconvenience; I kept bumping into it because the bathroom is so small)Little problems: There was no box of tissues in the room (though there were paper towels in the kitchenette). There was no clock radio. The TV had sporadic problems changing channels, though I really didn't care much about that. When I sat on the end of one bed it tipped forward, like the bed frame didn't extend the length of the bed. The kitchenette was so tight that the refrigerator door couldn't open all the way so I could get a pizza box in! The hotel booklet promised laundry, but there were no signs to it or at it, a staff member told me that the machine cost 16 quarters. I decided to wait. The only phone book was a 3 year old business-business version. It felt sort of neglected.The only major problem was that the not extremely powerful air conditioner was in the middle of the main window. That meant that on these muggy July nights where I wanted to run the air conditioner I had a choice of being dark and blocking the AC with the drape, or leaving the drape open and letting light in early in the morning.The neighborhood is fine--lively, lots of food shops (some open 24 hours), subways within blocks, the Natural History Museum a few blocks away. I found it more convenient to be where I'd previously stayed in the west 40's around 9th Avenue. Access toi subways and small scale restaurants was better there. Nowadays, anything in Manhattan under $200 per night (this was $159) is considered a bargain, so I guess it was.	
Jul 19 2007	Give this hotel a miss	Hotel expensive although in nice area of New York. However our rooms were very dirty and dowdy, the toilet blocked twice, the TVs did not work and the hotel front staff not at all friendly or helpful. Spoilt our few days in New York. Would never recommend to anyone. How a hotel like this gets business is beyond comprehension	
Jul 10 2007 	Very good family hotel	We stayed at the Milburn for four nights and had a very good experience. The location is fantastic, and it's extremely spacious by New York standards. The king suite has two separate rooms, and there's a sofabed in the living room for the kids. And it was a really good deal -- we paid $225 per night for the suite.Although we were on the second floor, overlooking the street, we were never bothered by street noise. Probably because the A/C drowned out the noise. The only complaints I had were that it was a teeny bit dirty (but not too bad), and that while &quot;union regulations prohibited the staff from washing the dishes&quot; from the kitchenette, they did not provide dishwashing soap. I don't mind washing my own dishes, but a little soap would have been nice. They also didn't replenish the coffee supplies after the first night.But overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel for families. It's walking distance to the park and to the Museum of Natural History and it's in a great neighborhood for just walking around, enjoying the city.	
Jul 5 2007 	A wonderful hotel in a great location!!!	We searched high and low for a hotel for our first family vacation in 9 years. Let me tell you, the hotel webstie does not do justice to this great hotel. The rooms (1 BR suite) were large and comfortable, the kitchen was small but very usable (saved a ton on breakfasts), the master bedroom had a king size bed with what felt just like our tempur-pedic mattress, and the kids said that the pull out queen bed was comfy. The neighborhood was awesome and safe (with a great market just around the corner and a great place to eat called Nicks that delivers), the hotel staff was super friendly and helpful. When we go back next year, there is not another place that we will even consider. Subway 3 blks away, central park 2 blocks away. STAY HERE, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!	
Jun 30 2007 	Dated decor but what a value for a suite!	We just got back from a week in Manhattan. We stayed on the eastside for 4 nights then moved to the Milburn for 3 nights. We had a 2-room suite for $254+ tax per night. The bedroom had a king bed and in the living area there was a pull-out coach (very uncomfortable according to my kids!). Both rooms had TV's and DVD/VCR. We had a HUGE bathroom with a separate tub and shower. There was also a kitchenette and a large balcony with a table and chairs. The decor was dated but it was great to have all that space. Our suite was very clean. We had a non-smoking room but were on a smoking floor so the hallways reeked of smoke. The complimentary extras were computers w/ Internet access, DVD's and videos to check out, umbrellas,fitness center, siming pool access. The staff was very friendly. AC units worked great.We loved the neighborhood and frequented the Fairway food market just 2 blocks south on Broadway. There are many shops and restaurants a short walk away. This is an affordable place to stay on the West Side. Get a suite if you want extra room.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great neighbourhood	We stayed for 5 days at the Milburn. Some staff was friendly, some not so. We had the junior suite, quite spacy with 2 sets of tv - one in the sitting part of the room and one in the bedroom. Unfortunately the one in the bedroom didn't work and i had to mention it 3 times at the reception before they finally went up and fixed it. The hotel is quite old, but clean. The lobby is nice, with fancy toilets. What i really liked is the neighbourhood - upper west and broadway, a clean, safe and quite fancy neighbourhood. As a tourist from another country i really liked being amongst locals, there weren't much tourists in this area. The train station is a short walk away and with the 1 train you're only two stops from Times Square! Be sure to check out the nearby Beacon Theatre, just around the corner. There were some great concerts - Steely Dan was playing when we arrived ! I still regret the fact that i couldn't get a ticket - the only ones available were sold on the streets for a lot of $, and i was warned they were counterfeits.Anyway, we had a great time in NY, and i can recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great value on the Upper West Side	We stayed at the Milburn for two nights in June 2007. We were part of a group tour, but decided to go a couple of days early. We didn't want to pay the going rate for our group's Midtown hotel, so we decided on the Milburn, and we were very pleased.First, though, the negative: there was a mix-up in our reservations. We had booked on-line throught the hotel's web site in early December 2006. I had occasionally checked the reservation to make sure it was OK. When we arrived, they couldn't find my name at first. Finally, they said we were supposed to arrive in July, one month later. Fortunately, I had brought the email confirmation with me, and after the manager looked everything over, we were given a room that was an upgrade from what we had reserved. So the problem was resolved to our complete satisfaction.Now the good stuff. The lobby is very inviting, with a nice area for seating and relaxing. Our room (a one bedroom suite with a King) was very clean with all the amenities we needed. There were no problems with the AC. The bed may have been the most comfortable bed we had ever slept in. The bathroom is indeed small, but for us that is not a big deal. The Milburn provides as a courtesy what other hotels charge for: use of a computer with internet access and holding luggage in storage are 2 examples. The hotel's location on the Upper West Side is very convenient to subway stops and the neighborhood seems, by NY standards, fairly unhurried and neighborly. There are several restaurants nearby that give discounts or special offers to guests of the Milburn. The hotel staff is very helpful, and recommended a nice restaurant when we asked. Taxis don't often go in front of the hotel, so to get a cab plan to go to Broadway. The Milburn is a great hotel for those staying in NY who don't to spend a great deal of money on a hotel. We absolutely recommend the Milburn and will definitely stay there again when we return. But don't forget to call and verify your reservation!	
Jun 18 2007 	Staff is incredible	I stayed at the Milburn because both the Lucerne and the Excelsior were booked. (I usually stay at one or the other in NYC.) The staff at the Milburn are friendlier than either of the other two hotels. The only real complaints I had are that the bell staff are no where to be seen, there was no robe in my room, and the bathtub couldn't be plugged, so a bath wasn't possible. The water pressure isn't great and the housekeeping staff were noisy early in the morning (7am - vacuuming shortly after 9 am.) I would stay here again if need be because the price is incredibly affordable for this area of the city.	
Jun 16 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	I am a native New Yorker, but hadn't been &quot;home&quot; in many years. Needless to say, finding a hotel in NY that is reasonably priced is hard!! We came across this hotel in a travel book and called directlyto book. There were 3 of us in the room and the total cost, inc. tax,etc. was $818.00 (US) for three nights. We had 2 double beds and a couch that pulled out to make another bed (We didn't use that).There was also a single chair. The room was much bigger than any I have seen in the candid photos. We needed a handicapped accessible room b/c my daughter is in a wheelchair and she was able to move around quite freely and not bump into things! There was a small, but very clean bathroom and also a small, but again clean, kitchen area.Not once did I see any housekeeping staff walking through the halls!!Yet, when we returned from being out all day the room was made up. The staff was very friendly and when we called to ask for extra towels they came right up with them.My only complaint would be that there needs to be a longer loading area. Going in was a breeze, but that was a Sunday. Going out there was a huge truck loading mattresses on and it blocked part of the loading space, and that was in addition to cars going by and one car double-parked waiting for someone--but that's New York!!There is a small fitness center and there is access to a pool nearby (We used neither!!). They are now building a breakfast area off the lobby, but until that is finished there are no restaurants on the property. We went to a bagel place 2 blocks up which our daughter recommended and right across the street there is a 24 hour place called Big Nick's. It is a little hole in the wall, but quite good, and always crowded!Oh, and we had a celebrity sighting the day we arrived. There was a car in front of ours and the man was putting something in the car andit was Richard Kind (from Spin City). We ran into him several times that day walking around. I am not sure if he was staying at the hotel, or just parked his car in front of it!!	
Jun 8 2007 	Like an apartment	We were skeptical before our arrival, but ended up really enjoying our stay at the Milburn. We rented the one-bedroom suite and it was like having our own apartment. The only drawbacks were the small bathroom and one unfriendly desk clerk, but all other employees were great. My husband has a bad back and the beds were great if you like a firm mattress. The location was fabulous and so close to everything. A wonderful street fair was held over the Memoial Day weekend on Broadway St., just steps from the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to others and will definitely stay there on my next visit.	
Jun 3 2007 	Better than expected!!!!	The Milburn Hotel does not seem to be a favorite of the local NYC TA experts. I booked it despite their suggestion to book elsewhere. I was extremely happy with my choice!! I had ,what they call a studio room-kingsize bed +small alcove with fridge,microwave and coffeepot. The price was $185 +tax. It faced asmall courtyard and so was very quiet. The room was a good size,furniture modern and bed comfy. The bathroom was tiny but the water pressure in the shower was super!Housekeeping was eager to be helpful. When I didn't want service one day they called to make sure I was OK and to ask if I needed anything. Coffee,tea and Famous Amos choc chip cookies were provided.The hotel doesn't have a restaurant on site ,but provides room service from the 24hr diner across the street. There are 3 computers you can use ,a small exercies room, and an arrangement with the community center down the street to use the pool.I love staying in a real neighborhood where you can make believe you actually live in NY and are not just visiting. I will definitely stay here again and will tell my friends about it as well.	
May 6 2007 	Great value	We stayed here in late April 2007. Location is very good just 2 blocks from a Red Line subway stop which among other stops goes to Times Square. There are many good ethnic restaurants within walking distance. We had a one bedroom suite with plenty of room for three of us. Staff was very helpful and friendly. The only drawbuck for us was the temperature of the water in the shower was impossible to regulate, over three days none of the three of us got a comfortable shower. Without a doubt this is as much hotel as you can get in NY City for the money.	
May 6 2007 	What a Gem!!	My husband and I recently returned from a fantastic stay in NYC. Although the weather was absolutely perfect - except for one rainy night - what made the our stay was our hotel. We read many reviews of the Milburn on Trip Advisor - most great, a couple not so great. We contacted the hotel and decided to book directly with them.The room was a studio with kitchenette and king size bed. Cost: $199 US. For what we got it was incredible! The room was clean - no bugs, no vermin whatsoever. The hotel staff were friendly and the hotel was quiet. The neighbourhood: Upper West Side. Very residential - lots of local eateries and markets. The hotel is located between Central Park and the Hudson River. Both are very close and within easy walking distance. The hotel has a small gym and also does room service. Access to downtown is available at two nearby subway stations - one at 72nd/Broadway and another at 79th/Broadway.We have no problem recommending this hotel to others - but with one caveat: If you want the rat race of Times Square and all the touristy shops and party atmosphere don't stay at the Milburn. This is a hotel for those who want easy access to 42nd St/Broadway Theatres (note that Lincoln Centre is within walking distance), but prefer to live like New Yorkers - sample the local eateries and spend your days touring the city.We will most definitely return.	
Mar 25 2007 	impossible to get your deposit back	We liked the hotel very much the first time we stayed in 2004. So, in 2006 Milburn was our first choice in Upper westside despite the fact that the price had gone way up. We, two families, made two reservations for two rooms and each was charged one night of deposit at the time of booking. Eventually, Only three of us made it to NYC and naturally we cancelled one of the two rooms with the front desk a week before our arrival. We were assured that the cancellation was early enough to get our deposit back.  Yet a month after we returned overseas and found out from our credit card statement that we did not get credit from our two reservation deposits. We called and called (using very expensive international phone lines), only to be transfered to the so called &quot;accounting office&quot; where no live person ever picked the phone (every time we called, no exceptions).  Our credit card company finally got us one night deposit back, but still now they owe us another night of deposit. And more importantly, they owe us an explanation/apology for totally ignoring our repeated request. We gave up on the money now but we will never never never recommend anyone stay there.	
Feb 10 2007	No respect for Non-Smokers	This hotel was way too SLOW TO REACT TO SMOKERS on a non-smoking floor! We stayed here for 7 days on a non-smoking floor with no-smoking signs on every door. On our 3rd morning, we smelled smoke in our room and the hallway reeked. I asked the guy at the front desk if he knew about the problem and they said they'd take care of it. That night, at 11:30 pm., once again we had SMOKE IN OUR ROOM and the hallway reeked! Again I called the front desk who later said they had trouble locating the problem. I guess they didn't think it was serious enough in the morning! We both got headaches and had to sleep with the window open and a wet towel under the door. The smokers were gone the next day, but this was ridiculous, not to mention dangerous. Also, the decor is depressing, the mattresses had uncomfortable, squeeky springs and some black mildew on the shower tiles. Would never stay again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Our Home Away From Home in Manhatten	We first stayed at the Milburn in 2002, having found it on the internet. We have stayed there nearly one dozen times since. We have always felt the price of the room in which we stay (the same one-bedroom suite, which we always request) IS MORE than fair. We get a living room with a swell view; a clean, outfitted kitchenette, a large bedroom and a clean, attractive bathroom. The radiators have never clinked and clanked. The housekeeping is excellent, the desk help are personable and friendly, and when things are broken or don't work properly, they have always been promptly fixed. The whole establishment is clean, safe, and quiet. Location is superb. We are three blocks from a subway, one block from Citarella (a specialty grocery), Fair Way (a neighborhood grocery), and only one block from Big Nick's Pizza Joint, the best value in quick dining we've found that also is drenched in local color. The management of the Milburn always bends over backwards to offer tips on dining and sight-seeing. If you are expecting Trump Tower amenities, you will be disappointed. If you are expecting top value in a great neighborhood (4 blocks from Central Park, 3 from the Musuem of natural History), you cannot go wrong.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great Place to Stay	We decided to make a last minute trip to New York for New Year's. I booked the Milburn after reading reviews on this forum and was very pleased. When we got there, we were upgraded from a studio to a room with two double beds and the beds were the pillow-top type and were wonderful. The location is wonderful. We were just a few blocks from the subway, but were able to walk downtown the first night without riding the subway. We had a small kitchen and used it to store breakfast food that we purchased at a grocery that was right down the street. My daughter and I felt very safe at all times and never hesitated walking around at all hours. There were a few negatives, but they were not significant. The room was hot, but we ran the air conditioner and that made it fine. The bathroom was a little old looking, but it always seemed clean. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Had better stays at Super 8	I've stayed at the Milburn before, and it's always been a mixed bag. Here's what happened this time, good and bad.Milburn came through for us when our original plans fell through and we didn't have a place to stay. That's good.The radiators in their rooms always make noise, interrupting sleep. You'd think they could have done something about that by now--it's been that way for years.Bathroom door kept locking on us, locking us out. That's bad. Milburn didn't have a person ready immediately to fix it. That's bad.This happened twice within 24 hours--they didn't repair the door in between. That's really bad. The second time it took longer for the repair guy to show up than it did the first. Frustrating to say the least.Management refused to knock off any of the cost of the room. My wife and I felt that since we were denied full use of the room at times(the bathroom locking us out) that we should have gotten some money back. Is that unreasonable?I'm not happy with our recent stay. There are many nice things about the Milburn--location, appearance, courteous staff. But they need some improvements, like making sure rooms are fully operational before letting people sleep in them. If we'd had a child with us when the bathroom got locked up, the Milburn might have had a bigger mess to clean up than some paint chips.	
Oct 31 2006 	Ideal for families with kids	My husband and I stayed at the Milburn over the Thanksgiving weekend 2005 with our two kids aged 3 and 6 at the time. The room wasn't fancy; however, it was very large by the NYC standards, and we also had a door between our bedroom and the living room where the kids slept. That door allowed us to put the kids to bed early and even sleep late in the morning. The hotel is within walking distance to Children's Museum, American Museum of Natural History, Central Park, Metropolitan Arts Museum. At the same time, the area is not particularly touristy, so you can feel like a real New Yorker strolling down a tree lined street to get your homemade breakfast at a local restaurant in the morning - I would recommend Alice's Tea Cup and Sarabeth's. There is also a perfect family friendly restaurant called Niko's just across the street. The food is good and not too expensive. The kids loved getting a baloon after dinner. We were so happy with our stay that we are coming back this Thanskgiving.	
Sep 28 2006 	Good Night's Sleep	My stay at the Milburn was for business, and the location was great for a good night's sleep before an important day. The neighborhood is quiet, and in the morning the taxis come almost nonstop in front of the hotel. The rooms are somewhat tired, but nothing bad. The front desk staff are marvelous. They do not have a restaurant in the hotel, but room service is provided by the plethora of ethnic restaurants in the immediate area. If you want to get away from the noise and lights of the more touristy ares like Times Square, this is the place to go. I heard absolutely no street noise.If I had been staying for more than one night, the full kitchen would have come in handy.	
Sep 24 2006 	Quiet in Manhattan	I would recommend this hotel. No luxury, but a great deal for NYC standards, conveniently located, and quiet. Suites with a living room and a bedroom, microwave and refrigerator. One disadvantage was a lack of a restaurant in the hotel, but there are plenty around.	
Sep 6 2006	Mixed experience	To Be Short, Great location, but had to be moved twice within a week,. The first room had a bathroom that my shoulders could not fit into. The second had ROACHES, and every carpeted inch of the last room squeked.  The roaches were the most disturbing. Eventhough staff said they had never had that problem before, I think we noticed a couple of roach motels in the room. On the positive end, staff was courteous, and moved us to new rooms when we had problems.	
Aug 25 2006 	very satisfied with the Milburn	My family and I have just returned from New York city where we stayed 3 nights at the Milburn. We were very impressed with the accomodations much nicer than the pictures on the internet and much larger than we expected. We are five in total and we enjoyed a very comfy king size bed and sofabed and large rollaway cot! The bathroom was not at all tiny like some reviews say and the shower and bath were fine...hot water and very clean. We also made use of the small fridge and microwave (no toaster) against hotel fire code. The hotel is in a lovely area of the city---upper westside, lots of nice shops and good delis. The hotel staff were vey nice and gave discount coupons for restaurants in the area. Free internet access at front desk! For 234.00us a nite..it was a great deal. We give it &quot;the thumbs up!&quot;	
Aug 9 2006	Wonderful Oasis	We spent five nights and loved our experience: wonderful location location near Fairway/Natural History Museum/great restaurants, friendly staff, comfortable/roomy rooms with a great kitcheonette to keep b'fast/snacks cool -- all in all, a hidden jewel and highly recommended for families.	
Aug 2 2006 	great base for family visiting NYC	My husband and I stayed at the Milburn with our 2 year old and were pleasantly surprised to be booked in a very large suite for $194/night. Size of a good studio apartment. Kitchenette with fridge and microwave and small sink. King sized bed, good quality crib was set-up when we came in complete with nice bedding. Small dining table, fold-out sofa, nice view. Bathroom fairly recently renovated with two sinks (although somewhat cheap materials). The location can't be beat and, although not cheap, it's a good deal for NYC. Very clean. Room had DVD player and you can borrow movies free of charge.Other relatives also stayed at the Milburn (family wedding) and our suite was by far the nicest. Some of the other rooms were pretty small, some had super tiny bathrooms. But, again, this is New York.Downsides: they were not able to accomodate early check-in, we were not offered any help with our many suitcases, elevator is excrutiatingly slow, AC is noisy window units. Shower went hot and cold a lot. But these are all fairly minor problems. I would definitely stay here again if traveling with kids or older people.	
Jul 17 2006	Great Choice For Our 4-Person Family	We stayed at the Milburn for 4 nights in mid-June, after staying the previous 3 nights at Embassy Suites by Ground Zero. Both my kids preferred the Milburn, for a variety of reasons. The first was location...just 1/2 block off Broadway and the subway system. Just a 15 minute walk from the Museum of Natural Sciences. It was also much closer to grocery stores, diners, etc. It was also $100 cheaper per night.If we had to do it over again, we would have stayed at the Milburn the entire time.I don't understand some other reviewers who said they didn't like the Milburn, but stayed there for 4 nights, anyway! Hey -- you can always change hotels if you don't like one!	
Jul 11 2006	Great choice	Our party of 4 stayed at the Milburn for three days in late June. This hotel was clearly a surprise. We had adjoining one bedroom units on the 14th floor. Living room was adequately sized with a sofa, overstuffed chair and table with 2 chairs. Kitchenette with coffee maker and microwave. Bedroom had a fulll dresser and lots of closet space. Good, firm beds. Bathroom was small but had a great shower. 2 TVs with DVD/VCR in living room and VCR in bedroom. Window A/C in living room and bedroom. Great location just off Broadway at 79th on the Upper West Side. And, it was quiet! The friendly staff answered all our questions. The hotel provides self-serve washers and dryers after 5 pm. The only minor annoyance was that our unit needed new mini-blinds. They were broken and could not be closed completely. Certinly not a deal breaker. At just over $200/nite, I'd go back anytime.	
Jul 5 2006 	Adequate with a convenient location	Stayed 10 days on business travel: Good access to transportation and restaurants; spacious and clean with the advantages of a small kitchen. It was basic: Mine had a rather loud window unit and a view of an alleyway. Staff was matter-of-fact but responsive. I would not hesitate to stay again.	
Jun 25 2006	Actually a Decent NYC hotel	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Although the staff were not exceptionally friendly, they were friendly enough, and more importantly, they were always prompt whenever I needed anything. Our room was clean and actually really spacious for a NYC hotel (we had a 1 bedroom suite). I would definitely recommend it for families with kids. I stayed there with three little kids, and thought it was a great experience.	
Jun 9 2006	Don't risk it - pay the extra for a real hotel	I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Milburn Hotel and to say I was terribly disappointed is an understatement. I am by no means a 4 star traveler so I am used to staying at moderate establishments. This isn't even close. Let me start with the positive, the staff is great as is the neighborhood. The Upper Westside has some great finds and Central Park is really close. They had great restaurant suggestions ( Both Citrus and Coppola's restaurant (79th and Broadway) were fantastic) and the staff from front desk to maid service were always polite (which in NYC is not always the case). This, however, is where the nice comments stop.We made our reservations through their site over 4 months ago yet were put in a room right by the elevator on the second floor. They are doing construction which meant banging on the walls all day. Our view was of construction workers and all the garbage that goes along with that. The air conditioner is a windowbox so all the dust from their work blew directly into our room. We asked to move but were not accommodated. The plumbing in the bathroom backed up (gurgling from shower, sink and toilet), the towels were crunchy, we saw a cockroach and the decore is right out of 1982. Clearly we were not in an updated room. For this, we paid over $200 a night.They call it &quot;European&quot; but in reality, I'd say it's more rent by the hour. Before choosing this place, I read all the reviews on Trip Advisor which overall were pretty good. Unfortunately, the experience I had totally contradicts what I read. If you are looking for a bed, by all means the Milburn Hotel will be fine but if you are looking for just a little more, LOOK ELSEWHERE!	
Jun 9 2006	Met our expectations and more!	Stayed at the Milburn for 9 nights from May 30 to June 8, 2006. Originally booked a king studio suite but after one night decided to upgrade to a one bedroom king suite. The extra cost (nominal) was well worth it. The studio was adequate but we found it difficult to sleep with the air conditioner on in the same room as we were sleeping and the space was a bit tight. By moving to the one bedroom we could run the air conditioner in the living room and have a quiet yet cool sleep in the bedroom and we had at least double the space. The front office staff had no problem accommodating our change. We found them friendly and helpful throughout our stay with recommendations for places to eat as well as directions. The cleaning staff were friendly and efficient as well. The rooms do look a bit tired but everything was very clean and the bed comfortable. Had some rain during our trip and the complimentary umbrellas at the front desk were very welcome. The location is great with the 72nd Street station just 3 short blocks away and the 79th three blocks the other way and the bus running along Broadway just steps away. Lots of dining options in the area as well as shopping. We had breakfast in our room in the a.m. as there is a fridge, hotplate, microwave and coffeemaker in the room. Picked up fresh croissants, muffins, juice and fruit from the nearby Fairway Market or the Citarella Deli on the corner. Niko's Taverna or the Manhattan Diner are within half a block and both serve good food, moderately priced. Would definitely stay here again and can't wait for our next trip to Manhattan.	
Jun 1 2006	Liked The Milburn Hotel	We stayed at The Milburn Hotel during Easter and found it to be nice, quiet and clean hotel. The decor was a bit out-dated, and our bed was very hard (we like hard beds, but this one was a bit too hard even for us) but everything else worked just fine. Our room was much larger than I expected, kitchenette was very handy and cleaning staff efficient.Location was great too - we just loved Upper Wes Side! It was lively but not restless. And I have to admit that for us very blond Scandinavians it was nice not to stand out from the crowd as we definetly would have in some other parts of New York.Easter was very warm, so we ended up spending a lot of time in Central Park which was just a short walk away from the hotel. 72th Street subway station was also very close and so was West Side Market (we liked it better than Fairway since Fairway was always so crowded).I would stay at The Milburn again. But I have to admit that if I had more money to spend I would go to some place much fancier... Like the four star hotel Ansonia we cold see from our window :) But for us budget travellers The Milburn Hotel was a great stay!	
May 30 2006	Great Place	We (spouse and two kids) had a very positive stay at this Upper West Side hotel! The rooms (the one-bedroom suite) were relatively spacious and clean, though not luxurious. The sofabed was already made up, which was nice, and there was even an extra cot in the room, which allowed our kids the luxury of not having to share a bed. The kitchenette was nice to have; I walked to Zabar's or H&amp;H Bagel each morning for bagels and croissants (and coffee) for breakfast in our room. I'd agree that the sofabed didn't seem too comfortable (though I got to sleep in the regular bed), but I've never seen a sofabed that is as nice as a regular bed.The staff was no-nonsense, but very helpful each time I asked for help with directions. They also helped us to arrange for a car service to the airport. They had books and playstation and all sorts of other kid-friendly items, but we were so busy enjoying NYC that we didn't have time to enjoy those activities at the Milburn.The location was ideal for us - I usually have to stay in midtown when I'm in NYC for business, so it was nice to stay somewhere else; the theater district/midtown would have been way too noisy for my noise-sensitive child. We walked to the Museum of Natural History and to Central Park, and our kids loved taking the subway everywhere else (and the ocassional cab).	
May 28 2006	Really liked the Milburn	The Milburn is a good deal for NYC. The location is very good. Fairway Market is very close and has an excellent selection of food. Our room was very clean and spacious. We found it to be very quiet. The kitchenette is a nice plus as prepared food can be expensive in the City. Our only &quot;problem&quot; was the last night we were there it was very warm and we found our room to be too warm when we returned late at night from a day out. The hotel staff were unable to figure out what was wrong with the AC and so we had to open a window. Not a big deal, but a bit of an inconvenience.	
Mar 31 2006	Perfect Place	The Milburn turned out to be exactly what we needed -- a clean, roomy place in an excellent location at a very competitive price. We were there for 4 nights (3/22/06 to 3/26/06). We were very, very happy, and would not hesitate to stay there again. We too had &quot;hot&quot; rooms, but we simply turned down the radiators, and eventually turned them off! The room also had lots of windows, so we could easily open them when we needed to cool things down a bit. We also noticed that the dishes weren't washed, but that wasn't very important to us. We were there with our 9 year old son, and he loved having the pull-out couch and living room to himself at night (perfect for a child, but I wouldn't want to sleep on the pullout myself!). Although we did not need to make much contact with the staff, we found them to be perfectly helpful and friendly. Great location!!	
Mar 12 2006	Need to do better!	The room was OK although the heater was noisy, the kitchenette was very poorly appointed, room service did not clean cutlery or crockery, the sofa bed was very uncomfortable and the phone did not work.We were very dissapointed with the lack of courtesy and assistance from the front desk staff. We found them to be surly and unfriendly. We wondered if we were imagining this but we witnessed other guests receiving similar treatment.Expressions such as 'please', 'thank you', 'can I help you?', were non existent.In the end we decided not to bother complaining. We suspected our comments would fall on deaf ears or would be greeted by further rudeness. Frankly, we were pleased to be out of there.Our time in NYC was fantastic, our time at The Milburn was not.	
Mar 11 2006	Wonderful!	My family and I stayed here during the week between Xmas and New Years. I was going to see Gov't Mule at the Beacon and the girls were going all over New York The location is perfect, the rooms were very nice and the staff was wonderful. They helped map out our day trips and were always very professional. The only problem was the heat was always too high! They tried to fix it, but there seemed to be little middle ground. I'll take too much heat in NYC in the winetr if I can stay at this moderately priced, kid friendly, perfectly located hotel!	
Feb 20 2006	Brilliant Hotel!	My husband and i just got back from NYC having stayed at The Milburn for a week(during the blizzard!).We were originaly booked into another hotel but we were disatisfied so had to find another hotel, by chance we stumbled upon The Milburn and we are so glad that we did.We were given a suite with a queen size bed, kitchen area a large lounge area and a beautiful marble bathroom.The bedroom had ample storage and the lounge area had a double sofa bed. There is an iron and ironing board in the closet and also a safe for your valuables. In the kitchen there is a microwave bowls, cups a coffee making machine and a refrigerator.The hotel staff were very polite and courteous at all times. We were able to choose dvd's from very extensive list, and our room was always spotlessly cleaned .There is also 24 hour room service provided by The Manhatten diner along Broadway, the food is reasonably priced but beware, the portions are really large,so you don't need to order too much !.This really is a brilliant hotel and we would definately stay there again.	
Feb 15 2006	Great value and good location	I found the Milburn to be excellent value for money and I'd definitely stay there again. My room was clean, comfy, reasonably-sized, with kitchenette, iron &amp; ironing board, TV and DVD/video player - you can actually borrow videos/DVDs from the front desk to watch in your own room, if you're tired from seeing all the New York sights. Bathroom was small but pristinely clean. My corner room was quiet, no noise from the street or from other rooms. You can check your email for free at the computer terminal at reception. The staff were polite and efficient, though the quality of service can be variable. I love the Upper West Side which is less crazy and feels warmer and safer that midtown Manhattan. No shortage of good restaurants and cafes in the area, there are supermarkets (Fairway's, Zabar's etc) nearby, banks and major shops too. Lincoln Center, Central Park within walking distance, and subway station is only a couple of blocks away. Crosstown buses are also a couple of blocks away, useful if you're going over to the Museum Mile. Don't expect the luxurious trappings of the big hotel chains, but if you're looking for a clean and comfortable room to stay for a few days or even a week, I'd definitely recommend the Milburn. Rooms can be booked through their website.	
Jan 24 2006	Excellent base for visiting NY	I stayed at the Milburn for 4 nights in late November with my mam. We were over from ireland on a shopping/sightseeing visit, and I found the Milbutn excellent. I booked it because of the reviews it got on this site, and also because it was so reasonable! It's in a great location, about a 35 min walk through Central Park to Fifth Avenue, and there is also a subway stop two blocks away. The room was lovely, not huge but very nice. And no sign of cockroaches! It was very clean, the television was quite big and the kitchenette is very handy. The Milburn is just off Broadway, and there are a good number of shops close by, including the Body Shop, Urban Outfitters and a very nice supermarket/deli.We weren't too keen on the Greek restaurant on the corner, but there are some nice Italian restaurants close by. The staff were very nice. Not too in your face, but extremely friendly. We went to the reception with several queries re Broadway tickets, restaurants etc and they could not be faulted.Previous reviews said that the decor isn't great in the Milburn, and that is true. But its also not shabby and is very clean. All in all, I will be staying at the Milburn again and am very pleased we stayed there.	
Jan 21 2006	Warm and toasty in Dec	Fortuanately a snowstorm caused major cancellations so we got to stay a block away from my sons apartment. Our 14th floor suite was large, very clean, warm, and quiet. The staff was cordial and breakfast &amp; dinner room service was great. Will stay there again.	
Jan 4 2006	Great friendly low-price hotel.	We booked into the Milburn for three reasons: 1. the price, 2. the fact that they had suites and 3. reviews on this site were mostly positive. It was the right choice.The hotel is aging but I have stayed at places much worse. The rooms were large and the kitchen of our suite came in very useful during the week we stayed in New York. The free use of the internet in the lobby came in useful and if I had more time their library and pool access would have also been useful.The location is also great. While you aren’t as close to all the attractions the subway is only a short walk away and since its so close to Broadway we never had a problem hailing a cab. The main reason that the location was so great is that Upper West Side isn’t really a tourist area. So instead of all the shops being tourist orientated (i.e. full of postcards and other souvenirs) you get some great businesses nearby. In particular there are a couple of great supermarket/delis nearby where we often grabbed something for dinner – heating it up in the microwave in the hotel suite.The staff were also helpful and friendly. Sometimes however it can be difficult to get them to understand what you want. When I released I might have broken my arm one morning (tripped walking back to the hotel the night before) they referred me to a great doctor nearby. However it took ten minutes just to get them to understand that I didn’t want to go to the ER but to a doctor and then another five minutes for them to find the doctor they had listed in their reference information. Overall I would recommend this hotel. The positives of our stay more then outweighed any problems.	
Jan 4 2006	A very pleasant stay	The Milburn was converted from an apartment building to a hotel, and some of the apartment features do show up in the rooms. Most notably, the bathroom had the smallest amount of floor space I've ever seen between the toilet, sink, and shower -- clearly a legacy of being an New York apartment. The rooms also have kitchenettes from their apartment days, and that's a definite plus. There are several wonderful markets -- Zabar's, Fairway, and others -- within a short walking distance on Broadway, and it's great to be able to pick up snacks and your own sodas to take back to the room. My husband and I both love to read at night, and the lighting in hotels is always problematic. Another legacy of the apartment days is that the rooms have overhead light fixtures, which seems to be a rarity in hotels, in addition to plenty of lamps. It's the best lit hotel room I've ever stayed in.We had originally booked a junior suite, but were upgraded to a one-bedroom upon arrival. The rooms are nothing special in terms of decor, but are clean and pleasant. The staff was pleasant and helpful, despite the fact that there seemed to be a large tour group checking in at the same time we did which made things a little hectic. The neighborhood is wonderful with plenty of great restaurants nearby. We especially enjoyed Niko's, the Greek restaurant on the corner of Broadway and 76th. We're already talking about going about again. I would definitely recommend it.	
Dec 25 2005	Great little hotel	Excellent, this is a gem. Friendly staff. Clean. Great location. Heat can actually be turned off (this was a complaint by another reviewer who apparently didn't find the valve).	
Dec 22 2005	A great place to stay!!!	We stayed at The Milburn for 8 nights and found it was everything we needed. The staff are polite and helpful, I had asked a 101 questions via email before arrival and everyone was answered. The neighbourhood is great, not too many beeping taxi horns (you'll know what I mean when you get there!). Really easy to hail a cab, lots of shops, restaurants, etc in area. We stayed in a one bed suite with our two sons, we had a large bedroom and a large seperate lounge with a pull out double sofa bed, both rooms had a telly and video/dvd. Borrowed a playstation and games from reception. Has a small kitchenette with full sized fridge, microwave and you can ask for a hotplate so you can make a cup of tea. The bed in the bedroom was huge and very comfortable, the bathroom is small but adequate, lots of storage space in the hallway and bedroom. You may find a posher hotel, you won't find a more welcoming, unpretentious one then this, we weren't disappointed. Contact the hotel before booking as we got a good discount on the nightly rate because of the length of our stay. Would recommend highly.	
Dec 15 2005	Good Holiday location	After reading some of the reviews i was a bit nervous especially with the staff supposedly being rude. But as in most cases staff respond to how you treat them. They were very friendly and helpful and I personnaly cannot fault them. The Rooms were clean but sometimes a little too hot for me but a good size and all you need. Bathrooms are small. Excellent location for Central Park with a Subway two blocks down.Breakfast at Nikos 50 yards from the hotel which has excellent food at a good price. Personally I was impressed by the staff and the Hotel. Good value for money.	
Dec 11 2005	Worth every dollar!! Superb!	Based on the favourable reviews on TripAdvisor,we booked our room at the Milburn and were not disappointed at all.Large,clean rooms, friendly service from the staff. We had a junior en-suite at the 12th floor, with fantastic views. The kitchenette,microwave,fridge were in the &quot;living room&quot;, which further included dining table, couch and large TV.In the bedroom, we had more than enough space, including a small walk in closet for clothing. Again a nice TV,so we could watch SpongeBob or CNBC in the morning. Bathroom wasn't large, but well maintained,clean soft towels every day.Can't understand why people complain about this hotel; no there isnt a fancy lobby, or a hotel bar, but that's not the main reason for me to stay in a hotel anyways. Main thing is a place to stay, a good bed, decent shower,and good location. Well...guess what...The Milburn delivers on all fronts. Upper West side is just 10 minutes away from Time Square, with the 1 or 2. Subway is 4 blocks away (5 minute walk) on 72th street. Breakfast is available at Manhattan Diner, just across the street, $15 for 2 persons! Dinner is okay at Niko's, also across the street. Already mentionned in other reviews is Fairway market, large selection of fresh products; vegetables, meat,bread,take-away dinners.We paid $215 a night, which I think is a steal, this timemof year, and considering the neighbourhood.I compared many prices of similar hotels on the UWS or Midtown, and the Milburn was always the most attractive one,also based on the reviews.Book the Milburn, you wont be disappointed!Stefan LaszloThe Nethelands	
Nov 29 2005	Ah the upper West Side!	The Beacon was full, so we tried the Milburn. We won't be going back to the Beacon. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Our Jr. Suite had a queen bed, and I thought it was supposed to be a King. I took my reservation form to the front desk, where the man pointed out that it could be either a queen or king. He then offered to switch me to a King if I preferred! The Hotel was quiet, clean and secure. The neighborhood is great, and subway connections are three blocks north or four blocks south--short blocks. My wife and I both loved it, even the &quot;very firm&quot; bed was fine. This is a great choice! p.s., the creme puffs are to die for 1/2 block north at beard's papa.	
Nov 28 2005	OK Very Budget Quiet Convenient Location	The Milburn is NOT a luxury hotel. If you're looking for a place to sleep, take a shower and a friendly staff, then Milburn is a good hotel. My family of 4 visited NYC Nov 23-26. NYC is packed throughout Thanksgiving weekend so we were lucky to even have hotel accomodations. We stayed in a corner suite on the 3rd floor. Our 2 room suite with kitchenette was spacious, but the decor was very, very dated. The wallpaper was peeling, the paint was chipped on trim work and there were scuff marks on the walls. The rooms were very warm. We couldn't regulate the heat. In the front room the window A/C unit wasn't properly installed in the window. The small gaps around the A/C unit allowed outside air get into the room. Maybe that's why the heat was so high in the suite. The Milburn is located on the upper west side of Manhattan. The nights were quiet so we could sleep peacefully. Good markets, the Natural History Museum and the Thanksgiving Ballon Blow-Up are very close.	
Nov 19 2005	The Milburn did nicely!	Myself and two daughters, aged 17 and 20, were at the Milburn November 9 to 14 and enjoyed our stay. Did not see any roaches, and while a touch shabby, our one bedroom suite was comfortable. Lots of clean towels and the bathroom was a decent size, lots of mirror space. Little things could be improved, such as replacing mattresses on the twin beds (the girls said they sagged a bit); better heat regulation (too hot for us most of the time); and a more consistent water temperature (all of us found the water suddenly went cold or suddenly went too hot. For us, the location was ideal and we stopped at Fairway Grocery nearly every day to stock up on snacks and ready to heat meals. Fairway is two blocks away on Broadway with a tremendous selection including organic and health food floor. The famed Zabars is just another few blocks north on Broadway -- yummy blintz! Great shopping closeby, and we highly recommend the lemon tart at the Columbus Bakery, Columbus and 82nd. 30 minute walk across Central Park to the Metropolitan Museum of Art or the Guggenheim. A great place to stay if you want quiet while you save money for other things that matter more than luxury accommodation.	
Nov 17 2005 	reservation lost!	I had a reservation to stay here. The previous day, not sure if my trip was going to be called off, I called the hotel to ask about cancelling the room. I was told that I could not cancel. One hour later I called again to say I did not want to cancel, and asked if my reservation was still in place. I was told that it was. When I got to the hotel, my room had been given away. My first phone call had been recorded in their log; my second call hadn't. This oversight caused me a great deal of inconvenience and should have been avoided.I can't review the hotel, obviously. The neighborhood is nice.	
Oct 31 2005	A little shabby/great location/good price/large rooms	We stayed in a junior suite on the 14th floor. For the price, the size of the room is enormous--actually a bedroom and sitting area. We have friends in the city with smaller apartments. The room was fairly clean, the bathroom could have been cleaner. The fixtures and bathroom are a bit on the shabby side. The front desk is fairly helpful, and you can stash your bags before you check in and after you check out easily. There is not much of a lobby, and there's only one bathroom in the lobby, hidden in the area where luggage is stored. One computer in lobby for checking email. Wicked slow elevators. Really great location for subways and busses, just a few blocks to Central Park. Several wonderful restaurants and grocery stores nearby. The little kitchenette in the room was nice. Microwave, tiny coffee maker, dorm-sized fridge. We paid $215 which is average-to-economical in the area. Overcharge for local calls (.75) and even toll-free and credit-card calls cost. We have stayed at the Excelsior (good rooms, horrible, horrible staff), The Lucerne (wonderful all around but no longer moderately priced) and Comfort Inn Central Park West (room tiny even by Manhattan standards). The Milburn is a good spot if you aren't too fastidious. NY isn't really about the room, anyway, so stay here if you want a great, quiet neighborhood and aren't in need of swanky surroundings.	
Oct 29 2005	Value in Manhattan	If you want a good base for your Manhattan visit and you want to save enough money for a night out at Montrachet, I can recommend the Milburn Hotel. It is safe, quiet and a great location on the upper west side.Just two blocks from the subway and right around the corner from Fairway groceries, you can pretty much walk to anything you need. The room we stayed in was a suite on the 12th floor with a small kitchen and a sleeper sofa in the living room. There was plenty of room for our family of three.There were a few small things that could be improved. The dishes in the cupboard needed to be washed. The bedroom was stuffy at night and it was difficult to regulate the temperature. You had to be careful in the shower- I was nearly scalded by the fluctuating water pressure. The towels are scratchy. The beds are rock hard.BUT-- the front desk was courteous and they let us store our luggage for a day after we checked out. It felt like a pretty safe neighborhood. Free internet access in the room (just ask the front desk for the access code). The room was shabby, true, but clean (I saw no cockroaches). It was quiet (on the 12th floor, anyway-- I can't vouch for the other floors) and for the money, a very good value. Hey, it's New York City.This is not your choice for a blowout romantic getaway, but I would definitely stay here again. Perfect if you are visiting Columbia. Hope this review helps. We had a really fun trip.	
Oct 12 2005	Good Value Hotel	Stayed at the Milburn for a 3-day weekend. We chose this hotel based on the many positive reviews we read posted here. Started to get concerned when the last few posts were turning up negative -- regarding bugs, etc. Turns out we had nothing to worry about.This hotel was terrific. We knew it would not be fancy or chi-chi. The decor is typical americana -- kind of what you would get at a best western. What we got was great value for the money. It is an older building, but very well kept. Our room was large, immaculately clean, and had two windows looking out the back of the building into a tree canopy. The TV was huge, the kitchenette was clean and useful. The bathroom was small, but very modern. Thankfully, we did not see any bugs in the room/kitchen/bathroom. Every person we spoke with at the front desk was very helpful and friendly.The neighborhood cannot be beat. Lots of markets, bakeries, restaurants, coffee bars, etc. Any and all amenities one could ever need.The only minor criticism I have is that the shower water was a bit hard to regulate -- someone else posted this same criticism also. However, I have found this same issue in hotels the world over and it's not enough to keep me from staying at a particular place.This hotel is a great value for the money -- especially in New York. We will definitely return.	
Oct 12 2005	Liked my staying there.	we were three ladies- me and my sister and my niece who is 26. We liked our staying there. The location was o.k. Near the a subway at 72 th st. and and feeling safe to walk even late at night. Once I know more about New York city this days' I would prefer next time to stay nearer to the Village. The loacation is near central park and I enjoing a daily walk. The rooms are big and comfortable. The saff were polite and helpfull. It was very comfortable to be able to use the kitchenette. we enjoy eating fresh vegtables and frutes and do not like heavy food and fancy restaurants. We discover a lot of nice happenings in just walking in the nighborhood at different times and hours. Tere were croaches - small. two of them. Not very nice but not that awul.	
Oct 3 2005	Terrible so stay away	The room was full of cockroaches. The airconditioner barely worked. The staff was unfriendly. The bathroom was dirty.	
Sep 27 2005	Poor Service	The hotel is in a good location. However, the front desk staff was very rude to me in my attempt to resolve a misunderstanding regarding a mistaken booking of two rooms when I only needed one. They made no attempt to resolve the matter in a fair manner. They simply said they had no authority in the matter and referred me to a manager who would not return any calls. We were in NYC to attend a wedding and the location of this hotel is good. However, the room we had was very small, the furnature was worn, the toilet ran constantly, the shower was very difficult to regulate in terms of temperature and there were bugs in the room. The staff was so unresponsive that it seemed pointless to ask for any assistance with these matters. I would never stay in the hotel again and would never recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 14 2005 	Large ugly rooms	As a business traveler in New York, I have come to expect small but fashionably-appointed rooms in hotels with amenities for business travelers. When my associate booked us rooms in this hotel, I was nervous about the fact it was &quot;family-friendly&quot;, and I was right to be hesitant. If you're looking to supply sleeping area for your five children, by all means, stay at the Milburn. The rooms are twice as big as an average New York Hotel room and four times as ugly. The fabric on the couches is reminiscent of roadside motels. The side tables look as if they've been bashed by a hundred rolling suitcases. The chandalier is reminiscent of those installed in a suburban rental apartment from 1987. Peeling wallpaper, cracked bathroom tiles, chipped paint, formica, and cheap posters of impressionist art in plastic frames all add to the charm of this hideous hotel. If you have any aesthetic sensibility, you'll have nightmares! Also, they're really not equipped in any way for business travel--if you have a wireless connection you can get on the internet, but there's no real business center, and I couldn't even figure out how to call down to the front desk for a wake-up call.	
Sep 6 2005	Excellent value and terrific location	My daughter(20) and I just returned from 5 nights at the Milburn. The room (fifth Flr) was large, comfortable, clean and quiet. The kitchenette was a bonus. The staff were very helpful and accommodating. The neighbourhood (and I mean neighbourhood as it feels like people enjoy living there) is great; close to good restaurants for all tastes and hours; easy bus and subway access; even interesting grocery stores! Our rate was only 159/night. We have stayed in Gramercy Park area and Times Square on previous trips...this was so much better...less flash, better value. We will stay there again.	
Sep 3 2005	Excellent Choice the Milburn!!!	My wife and I spent 8 nights at the Milburn in New York City (76th street at Broadway) this August (2005)...two room suite on 13th floor...very clean, almost like just remodeled...spacious, plenty of room, quiet, everything worked fine, including a/c, showers, etc; staff very helpful and friendly. Great location, close to subway (79th and 72nd), 20 minutes to Times Square and Broadway shows via subway. Great places to eat nearby at 79th Street Boat Basin Cafe, Tavern on the Green and a ton of restaurants within walking distance. Museums and Central Park, also, within walking distance. Summer special room rate of $169 was very competitive. We definitely will stay here on our next visit to New York City.	
Aug 31 2005	Good location great neighborhood reasonable price	We stayed for 6 nights in the 2 room suite. Comfortable rooms, bathroom is very small, loved the Greek restaurant across the street and the market around the corner. Safe neighborhood close to Central Park. Would stay again, reasonable for a family of four.	
Aug 29 2005	Great value great location	This was a pleasant surprise. I didn't expect much given the really reasonable room rates for NYC. In fact, the staff was enthusiastic and helpful, the location was fabulous (1/2 block off Broadway and very near some wonderful groceries &amp; wine stores if you want to take advantage of the kitchennete in each unit) and the room quite adequate. We had a junior suite. The corner, 12th floor room was quiet. The bathroom was small, but fine. The rooms also come equipped with a DVD player and there is a film library available at the front desk.We will definitely be back. This was an excellent value and a great experience.	
Aug 22 2005	Ok hotel in great location	Stayed at the Milburn for 4 nights in July heatwave. hotel acceptable, We stayed in a suite (2 large rooms just right for a family of 4) A television in each room was a plus and although the shower was great the bathrooms are very very small. Overall the hotel position is great and quiet, staff friendly. Air conditioning worked well particularly given the temperatures of over 90. An ok hotel in a great loction. i would stay again.	
Jul 30 2005	Excellent value for the money	My twelve-year-old daughter and I spent five nights at the Milburn in July, 2005. We had a junior suite on the first floor. We loved our room (#106) and would stay there again. The rate was $169, and with taxes it worked out to almost $200 a night.The room was as pictured on their website. The pleasant furnishings were of recent vintage. The bed (we had a queen) was comfortable, although on the first night we noticed a sort of crackling noise when we moved (but we didn't notice it after that). The air conditioner (central, not window) worked just fine and was very quiet.Because of a review on Trip Advisor which mentioned roaches, I was worried, so I took along a Roach Motel. I found no roaches in it at the end of our stay.The hotel is on a quiet street and our room faced the back of the building. We heard absolutely no street noise. We did hear some noise (voices) from the elevator area, but there was enough of a buffer that it didn't bother us.The location is excellent. There are two food markets just around the corner, where you can buy ready-made salads, sandwiches, etc. We saved a lot of money by eating in our room. You have to wash your own dishes, but they supply paper towels and dish soap. I used some Palmolive dish wipes that I normally take along when I travel.Within a short walk is the Beacon Theatre. I noticed from the marquee that my favorite band (Crosby, Stills, and Nash) was going to be playing there a few days later. ---! Would love to stay at the Milburn and have tickets to see a good concert. I see on the Beacon's website that Winnie the Pooh will be playing there in December, which would be ideal for families with young kids.Our room had players for both VHS and DVD. The hotel has movies in both formats to borrow.My only complaint, about which I didn't speak to the front desk until checkout, was an unpleasant smell which I noticed in the bathroom in the mornings. It was a sewer gas kind of smell. The front desk said they would have it checked out.I have no complaints at all about the service.I absolutely would love to stay at the Milburn again, although I don't want to go back to New York during a July heat wave.	
Jul 22 2005	Great for Families	We stayed at the Milburn Hotel located on the Upper West Side for 2 nights last week. We had a deluxe room with a king sized bed/full bath in one room, queen sized pull out couch and tiny kitchenette in the other room. Accomodations were perfect for us. Incredible water pressure for the best shower you will ever have. Staff was polite and accomodating, not overly friendly. Very conveniently located for neighborhood gourmet grocery stores, 3 blocks from Central Park. I would highly recommend this hotel for families with kids willing to bunk togethor on the sofa.	
Jul 11 2005	Affordable Milburn in a Great Neighborhood	I ventured out to find the Milburn after a midtown chain hotel stay would have cost too much, even with redeeming Frequent Stayer points. When I calculated 4 nights at the Milburn versus the 3 paid nights at the midtown hotel, I still came out ahead with the $139 rate at the Milburn. This hotel made staying in the City affordable. The building is fine, and steps away fro Broadway, as well as 3 blocks from the Subway. It is extremely quiet compared to Midtown. The microwave and refrigerator were a big plus. The carpeting was not as plush as some pricier hotels, but the tradeoff was well worth it. You also get a discount at neighborhood eateries. My only small complaint is that the kitchenette had a few roaches ... hard to avoid in an older building but something that would have been a big turnoff to my 9 year old if she had noticed it. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel	
Jul 10 2005	corner room good!	July2 to 6 Great stay at Milburn. Upper West Side is the best. Great neighborhood and parked free on street outside front door of hotel. No problem. Had corner room on 8th floor. Large bath in two room suite(wheelchair access) Dvd/vcr players and tv in each room plus kitchenette. Dad and sons (17 and 11) had lots of room (3 beds). Bought metropass. 72nd st. station to Times Sq. one stop on express train. Wonderful 5 min walk down Broadway even after 11:00 p.m. Felt perfectly safe! Streets busy with shoppers at 24 hour markets. No complaints here. Love the Milburn!	
Jun 28 2005	What a find!	We go to NYC once a year, but don't like to spend a ton of money on the hotel. We usually stay around Times Square, but rates in that part of town were more than we wanted to spend this year. We found the Milburn on the Internet, read the Trip Advisor reviews and decided to give it a shot although we were not familiar with the neighborhood.We loved it!! The room was large by NYC standards. The bathroom was not huge, but adequate and we loved having the refrigerator and microwave. Several great neighborhood groceries for items like juice, snacks, etc. Nikos greek restaurant across the street was good as were several other neighborhood restaurants. Compared to Times Square, it was SO quiet at night, which was nice. They have a computer at the front desk you can use for free to check email or get on the Internet. The subway is only a few blocks away and there are great stores such as Sephora in the neighborhood as well as a Loews movie theatre. You can take the subway to Times Square or it is about a 15 minute walk. It is also just a short walk to Central Park and there was a fun street fair on the weekend.We will definitely stay here the next time we come!	
Jun 27 2005	good value good location	We stayed at the Milburn for 5 nights beginning June 16. The location was great - a short walk to Lincoln Center, Central Park, Museum of Natural History, Beacon Theater, approx 4 blocks to the subway at 72nd. The hotel rooms have a small kitchenette and the nearby Fairway Market has great fruit, coffee, breads - everything you need for breakfast. Our room had a king bed, table, and plenty of space. The free wireless internet was problematic for one day, but worked perfectly the rest of the time. The bed was comfortable, and the window a/c worked fine. The bathroom was small but not a problem for us. We would definitely stay here again because the price was great, the room was large, and the location was great - besides who stays in the room when the NYC has so much to offer!	
Jun 22 2005	Excellent Hotel	My teenaged son and I stayed at the Milburn for an absolutely perfect visit. All of the compliments in previous reviews are accurate. We had a twin room (the smallest, I assume), but the room had more floor space and more furniture than a 4* hotel in Daytona Beach, where I recently stayed on a business trip. One plus not often found in hotels was an overhead light fixture, so that you don't have to crouch under a small lamp to read!Self-service laundry is available after 5 p.m., and a hotel employee doing sheets in the laundry room assured us that we could go to eat while the machine was running and not need to worry. Our room was directly across from the elevators, but we heard not a peep from hall traffic during the entire week. We were away from all street noise too.Even the smallest rooms have a kitchenette. In addition to the nearby Fairway Market mentioned in a previous post, the amazing Zabars is a few blocks north. For diners who like Mediterranean food, Niko's is reasonably priced and just across the street. The hotel has discount coupons for some neighborhood restaurants. Some of these deliver to the hotel though we didn't use this service.The Milburn will be my first choice for any future NYC visits.	
Jun 16 2005	Loved the Milburn	My sister and I took my niece to NY for a four night graduation trip. Wanting this trip to be special, I was hoping that I had made the right choice in accomodations. I'm pleased to say that it surpassed all my expectations. We stayed in a king suite on the 6th floor. The location was great; the front desk staff was friendly and accomodating; and the rooms were clean and spacious. Every day when we came in tired from the day's activities, we all commented on how nice it was to be &quot;home&quot; and that is what our suite felt like. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 30 2005	Solid Value and Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Milburn for 3 nights during Memorial Day weekend and were basically pleased with the accommodation and service. We booked a &quot;Queen suite&quot; and were upgraded to a King bed and living room with a pull-out bed. The room was clean, spacious and quiet. We also had two TVs, three phones and a stereo in our well-equipped room. Staff were courteous and maid service was prompt. You should read the hotel book to maximize your stay (e.g., we learned that complimentary bathrobes were available on request). The hotel also has an arrangement with a pool next door which friends of ours tried and enjoyed. There is also a long list of videos and DVDs, many for kids.The neighbourhood is handy to the whole West side and to transit, and is a bit more relaxed than downtown. There are numerous delis and diners steps away, so the kitchenette comes in handy although it's not really adequate for full meal preparation. The only downsides were the bathroom's size (not a real issue for us... plenty of hot water and everything worked), sometimes slow and untidy elevators and difficult to figure out TVs. I would stay again although I get the sense from reading other reviews that you may want to request specific rooms.	
May 29 2005	great hotel	My husband, my 8-yr old daughter daughter and I stayed at the Milburn Hotel (242 West 72nd Street, NYC) on 23 and 24 May 2005, in a 1-bedroom unit.Both bedroom and livingroom were very spacious; the kitchen tiny (but I wasn't in NYC to cook!) and the bathroom average.The staff were beyond excellent -- the front desk staff were soooooo friendly, and they really seemed to care about making our visit a pleasant one.The rooms were clean, the corridors clean, the lobby immaculate. The neighbourhood was great -- just around the corner from Broadway on 76th street, so there were tons of shops &amp; restaurants (etc.) to browse in; in the a.m. I noticed lots of parents taking their children to school -- it seems like a very safe, pleasant area. Central Park was only a short walk away; I went for a 10k run in Central Park (incluing running around the Reservoir) in the a.m. and felt very at ease. The Museum of Natural History was a short walk away, too.We would highly recommend this hotel as a family-friendly location. We got a &quot;deal&quot; on parking through the hotel ($25/day) and each bought a $7 bus/subway pass that was good for a day, which we made good use of.Overall, a very positive experience for us as first-time visitors to NYC!:-)	
May 21 2005	Adequate for a 2-Star	I'll agree with the review previous to mine, stating that accomodations are fair at best, and that the minimum possible is done to placate guests. We stayed for three nights in a &quot;junior suite&quot;. We were told that this was one of their 'newer rooms', which we later found out to mean that one of the residents (apparently the hotel was not completely converted and there are still some residents, most elderly) had passed away, and they had very recently converted the room to a hotel room. Our room didn't have the window A/C unit discussed in previous reviews, and we had to call to get one installed (next day). Also, the room didn't have the clock/radio that was promised. It wasn't worth complaining about - we made due with wake-up calls. I suppose the room was clean for a 2 star property, but it was still quite small, and the bathroom was ridiculous. We had to actually step to the side of the bathroom in order to close the door. The table and chairs and the kitchenette were useful and suprising in a 2-star property, and I must say that the staff was very nice. Location was good, if you have reason to be on the Upper West Side, and as New York goes, it was quiet. That is until a massive group of kids on a tour checked in, after which there was much stampeding up and down halls, and behavior you'd expect from 50-60 14-17 year-olds. A warning - it would appear that The Milburn is on the list of at least a couple tour companies catering to kids - not sure if that's a regular annoyance throughout the year or if we were just lucky. May be a fair question to ask the reservation agent before booking.Would I stay here again? No - but I should in fairness state that I'm not someone who frequents 2-star properties often. If you are looking for a property that is relatively clean and quiet, and don't mind missing some perks of a pricier property, I'd say the Milburn rates a solid 2 Star rating. Maybe 2.5. In any other city in America the room rate would be about 25% of what we paid - being where it is, expect to miss the money from your wallet come checkout time. I did.	
May 1 2005	Just Adequate Lodging	The decor at the Milburn is perilously close to shabby. The furnishings are just barely adequate, and the various bits of equipment in the room we had were the cheapest things that could have been found to do the job. The air conditioner had a front piece that didn't fit quite right. When I tried to put it into place, the whole front came off. The oddest thing about our room is that it took several minutes (and I am not exaggerating) for the water to heat up, though it did eventually heat up. The bathroom was tiny, by the way.One gets the impression that the least is being done to get by. While our rooms were adequately cleaned, the floor in the elevator looked as if it were not cleaned in the four days that we were there. There are some positive things to day. Our room (a suite) was spacious. The hotel's location is fine, but we're very fond of the West Side. And there are other choices in the area. But I would like to mention two things. First, we took a look at rooms in the nearby Riverside Tower, and they made the Milburn look good. Their rooms are barely bigger than the bed, and they are grim. Second, if you do wind up at the Milburn, there are a couple of places one block south on Broadway for terrific take-out food to have up in the room. But they shouldn't tempt one to ignore the true deli shrine of Zabar's a few blocks north on Broadway at 80th.	
Apr 29 2005 	Well worth a stay	I spent six nights on a combined business/sightseeing trip. My room was spotlessly clean and very quiet for a city - especially New York. the Upper West Side was a great neighbourhood to be in with food stores, bookshops and plenty of restaraunts nearby. The kitchenettes in the hotel give useful flexibility for eating.	
Apr 28 2005	Wonderful; place location staff	Wife and I stayed here April 2005. Selected it after reading reviews here. This is a great place. The staff is wonderful. Very friendly and helpful. The building is quiet. The location is perfect. Plenty of restaurants and shops within a couple blocks. We were there five nights and never ran out of interesting yet inexpensive dinner options. It is between two subway stations 79th (local) and 72nd (local and express. Walking distance to Central Park and American Museum of Natural History. The one negative might be heat. I never quite figured out why the building was so warm. Opened the windows in April and it was fine. Didn't try the air conditioning. They are window type units. Wonder if they would keep up in August.We'd definitely go back and recommend to others.	
Apr 12 2005	Very pleased.	Just got back from a 6 night stay at the Milburn and we loved it. My wife wanted to stay closer to the mid-town action but I can't say enough how great it was to stay in a more residential area surrounded by restaurants that aren't out to gouge tourists. The subway is a 5 minute walk away and there are a ton of great places to eat within walking distance of the hotel. The room itself was fairly basic, but the bathrooms seemed recently remodled (we stayed on 1st floor) and we didn't have a problem with lobby noise. All-in-all a great place to stay. We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 31 2005	Thoroughly recommended	Great location, large and comfortable 1-bdrm suite (slightly tired decor), enough of a kitchenette to do basic food for family, reasonable price, friendly staff - all in all, thoroughly recommended. The added bonus is the amazing Fairway supermarket 1 block down Broadway - the best collection of food you will see for some time.	
Feb 20 2005	Friendly staff...great room...shhh!	We arrived before check-in time and the room wasn't ready, so we did the paper work, stored our bags and joked about a getting high corner room...We were there for Christo's &quot;The Gates&quot; so we headed straight for the Central Park. After 4 hours we made it back to the hotel and got our key...Room 1500..Top floor (sort of) corner..with a small river view to the north..AND a small city view to the south! Two windows! And not ONE neighbor. Awesome!!! Plus. there was space around the King bed...and a good sized table...and great water pressure in the shower.This place has some very special rooms...I believe 1300 and 1301 have terraces...and there is a secret penthouse you have to ask about. The kitchenettes are really small, but functional. Yes, it is a little worn around the edges, with strange carpet and cracked tiles etc in the bathrooms, a banged up window air conditioner...and an elevator that takes its good old time. If that stuff is OK to you, then this place is totally cool...if it's not OK, then you won't like it here. But the bed was comfy, the room spacious, (although the bathroom and kitchette are tiny) pleasantly decorated with posters from the MET, and the staff entirely delightful. The hotel offers 24 hour room service from the nearby Manhattan Diner (no major mark-up!!!) and discounts at about a dozen neighborhood restaurants as well as free access to a neighborhood swimming pool. All in all a great experience...	
Feb 7 2005	Brill	If you want a child friendly hotel, on the Upper West Side, that has huge rooms look no further. We took a 12 month old baby and we loved staying here. The staff provided a cot/crib and a portable 2-ring hob for us to heat boiling water on. The location is fabulous if you want to be on the edge of town, very safe and interesting, residential with smaller branches of most all the big brand shops ie gap, baby gap, sephora, anne taylor, victoria's secret etc.We would definately stay here again.	
Jan 18 2005	Comfortable hotel in a good location	My husband and I stayed at the Milburn from December 5 until December 12, 2004. While making the reservation I requested a quiet room due to jetlag. However, when arriving we got a room exactly opposite the elevator. But, due to my amazement, we did not hear anything outside our room during our entire stay. As mentioned before the bathroom was tiny. However, it was not that terrible brown colour like on their website but it was cream and white. Hot water was plenty. Cleaning was also good. 80 channels on the tv. Very good (yes, we had to rest our poor feet at night).Good size fridge and microwave. Utensils, everything was there. Even paper towels and extra sink in the kitchenette.The only thing that was not good was the airco. Yes, it was december, but we still needed it. It was warm in the room. The airco made lots (and I do mean LOTS) of noise but did not cool one bit. We were located on the inner side of the hotel so opened the window, no problem.The neighbourhood is nice and safe with lots of great shops and eateries. And not to far from the subway.All in all, we would definitely stay at the Milburn again.	
Nov 6 2004	Credit card theft	I have stayed at the Milburn several times through the years, and recently twice in the course of a month. You get a lot for the money and the location is great, but a warning: Last time I stayed there, I was quoted one rate $149, I think it was, and told, when I arrived it would be $30 higher. I told them I had been quoted the lower rate and paid it a week before. They assured me it would be corrected on my Mastercard. When my charge card bill came, and it was not corrected, I repeatedly called the manager and e-mialed him. He never responded. In my book this is theft, maybe petty theft .... but you wonder if they would steal from your room at well	
Nov 2 2004	Great Location Terrific Room	The location, a bit away from the Midtown madness, is terrific. Rooms are ample and comfortable and the staff is helpful. By New York standards, the Milburn is a bargain. When you explore the neighborhood, it's an even better deal. And because it's not on main street, it is relatively quiet. It's a hard deal to beat.	
Oct 25 2004	Great value overall and secure	I stayed two weeks in October. I had a 1bedroom suite with a kitchenette, which was nice to be able to stock groceries in the fridge.The rooms are spacious, but the bathroom is small but clean and in good working order.The bed was too firm for me however, but in good condition.I stayed in the quieter end of the hotel (room 710) and enjoyed it.The rooms overall are clean and comfortable, but pretty basic furnishings, however in pleasing colorful taste.The rooms are very secure with good locks.This is an older hotel with signs of wear (used to be a resident hotel and I believe it still is in one section), but it is a well-run hotel and in good working order.The shower has excellent strong water pressure which I miss! :-(The hotel staff is nice, courteous, and very attentive! Adam is especially helpful with a great personality! :-)The hotel is in an excellent location within walking distance to many resturants, grocers, and shops.There are also 2 subways closeby (79th and 72nd St.).The Upper West Side neighborhood is lovely and very safe.Central Park is a comfortable few blocks from the hotel.I was pleasantly pleased overall with my stay at The Milburn and would stay there again. :-)If you don't need the extra &quot;frills&quot; and luxury, this hotel is an excellent value in an excellent location! :-)	
Oct 21 2004	Terrific value on the Upper West Side	My parents and I had a one bedroom suite for 4 nights in mid October. We were impressed with the size and facilities of the rooms, the lack of excessive noise at night and the cleanliness of the bathroom. The front desk staff were very helpful (for example, when we had only been supplied with 2 sets of towels not 3 initially). Tiny gripe; the chambermaids were a bit careless with the odd personal item in the rooms, but this was the only thing I'd find minor fault with. Nearby are countless good places to eat (breakfast at Niko's on the corner, Asian feast at Ruby Foo's,good diner at Viand), great shops, good local vibe and 2 subway stations within minutes. Really hope to go back to the Milburn, great value!	
Oct 4 2004	Would stay here in the future - great service	Great service, suite for the price of a room as we arrived at 1.30am, late at night having been duped from another hotel booking; polite, courteous excellent service. Suite was spacious, small bathroom and kitchenette, but all very functional. Quiet location, safe surroundings. Price did not include extra taxes (not mentioned at time of booking - would be helpful for Aussies); extra taxes seem to be the way of life in the USA.Would go there again.	
Sep 28 2004	Would Recommend This Hotel	We stayed at the Milburn for 9 nights in September, 2004 and were pleased with the accommodations. As other reviews have mentioned, the location is only a short walk to either the 72nd or 79th St. subway stations. There is an abundance of nice restaurants that are really inexpensive and we never seemed to have to wait for a table no matter how busy they were. They have room air conditioners but the rumble of them can drown out any street traffic, although that was not even a problem. The living room and bedroom we had were very spacious (and we liked having TVs in both rooms). It was great having the little kitchenette (nothing fancy but very functional - and the market was around the corner-very convenient). My only &quot;complaint&quot; was with the bathroom. It was very tiny which I'd expect in Europe but not here. It also seemed a little run down. And then there was a bit of a bug problem. Let's just say that under the bathroom sink there was a roach motel and this was a good thing. So, if you like sparkling and spacious bathrooms, you might have an issue here. However, all the positives of this place outweighed any &quot;bathroom blues&quot; since we spent so little time in the room. I'd go back.	
Sep 25 2004	Can't beat the Milburn!	Stayed at the Milburn during September 2004 for a total of 7 nights, and cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Great location, just minutes from the 72nd and 79th street subway stations on Broadway, within walking distance of many great restaurants catering for all preferences as well as some of the upper west-side's best markets. Minutes from Central Park, the Milburn is situated in one of the friendliest and safest areas in Manhattan. The staff at the hotel are excellent, free wireless internet in all rooms (and wireless interface cards available for rent). If you don't take your PC, there is a free-to-use computer with internet access at the front desk. Good tv and video package, cd players kitchenettes in the rooms (fridge, sink, microwave, etc). Rooms are nicely decorated and are quite spacious for a small hotel. Even the sofa beds are comfortable, a rarety in any hotel! The only issue was the slightly noisy air conditioning unit, but it's not so bad that you would lose any sleep. All-round excellent hotel, great value-for-money considering this is Manhattan and is the best I have had the pleasure of visiting anywhere in the US in the last 10 years.	
Sep 12 2004	Peace and Quiet	Stayed at the Milburn Hotel from 9/4-9/9/04. We are so glad that we stayed at this quiet small hotel and not one in midtown. It is very close to Central Park and the people in the upper west side are friendly and helpful. There are great cheap restaurants all within walking distance. For breakfast you can't beat the Manhattan Diner on Broadway just down the street from the Milburn, we ate there every morning for $5 each and it is a big breakfast and good service. It is great that the hotel has a kitchenette because there are many markets close by (some open 24 hrs) were you can load up on food for midnight snacks. If you want to see midtown and have your stress level go up about 100% it is just a subway ride away but you will want to come back to the peace and quiet of the upper west side and Central Park as soon as your sightseeing is over.	
Sep 6 2004 	The Milburn's a winner	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Milburn for the second time August 22-25. The bathrooms are small but fully equipped and having a kitchenette is great. The location is perfect--close to the subway, lots of great restaurants and museum mile is just across the park. I've recommended the Milburn to two friends and they both loved it. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Aug 26 2004	The Milburn Hotel: A great family hotel on the UWS	Our family of three stayed at the Milburn for six nights in mid-August. We had booked a two room suite through the hotel's web site and were very pleased with our accomodations. Our rooms were very clean, large and comfortable. My son was thrilled with the free video selections downstairs and the fact he had his own TV. The staff was very professional, friendly and helpful. As the other reviewers have stated, the bathroom was tiny but in good, working order. Furnishings were very basic. Subway and buses are both close by, easy and safe to use. Great neighborhood; lots of food options nearby.We highly recommend the Milburn and would stay there again.	
Jun 29 2004	Well worth considering- The Milburn	Stayed at the Milburn for 2 nights 24 June 2004. Expedia had messed up our booking but they were very helpful. The staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help us (explain the subway, book restaurants etc.) The rooms were fine for a 3 star hotel-clean well air conditioned but bathroom was tiny ( although the shower worked well). The location is great. It is set in an interesting part of Upper West side. There are plenty of restaurants, shops delis etc on your doorstep and the subway is minutes away with an express link to the rest of New York. I would use it again	
Jun 22 2004	Nice comfortable but forget internet		
Apr 10 2004	Loved the Large Quite Rooms!		
Jan 6 2004	Enjoyed it Very Much		
Nov 30 2003	Not 5-star but fine		
Apr 15 2003	Good location decent but not extraordinary room		
Feb 17 2003	Wonderful Stay		
Jan 31 2003	Milburn in a pinch		
Jul 22 2002	Burned at the Milburn		
Jul 7 2002	Great Deal		
Apr 1 2002	Excellent value great service		
Jan 24 2009 	?????????????????????		
Dec 21 2008 	Mitten in Manhatten und nah am Central Park		
Oct 19 2008 	Sin duda recomendable		
Sep 8 2008 	Bon rapport qualité-prix		
Apr 22 2008 	Ideale per avere tutto a prezzi giusti		
Jan 17 2008 	Ottima soluzione per una famiglia		
