	Great Staff but Not what it used to be	Staff is great. Breakfast is excellent. Rooms are comfortable.Internet spotty at best and sometimes non-existent. Not enough Elevators, but that can not be helped now.The prices keep going up and the level of service keeps going down.The two night &quot;social&quot; is amusing.Won't do that again....	
	They Care	It's probably hokey, but a selling point when we considered booking this hotel was that the manager checks the reviews and responds to persons reviewing. That seems like something someone who was concerned about guest satisfaction or the hotel's reputation would do. Hokey or flawed logic, maybe, but it was a factor as we booked.I've stayed in New York several times and this measures well with any hotel I've stayed at on business. I like the Marriott Marquis, but the slow elevators are truly an issue and this hotel is much cheaper. Internet access was free and the fitness room isn't world-class, but it is decked out plenty and was free, too.The room was well-sized but the bathroom was small. The kitchen area was well-equipped with modern appliances (microwave, refrigerator, and dishwasher). If I was traveling on business and arrived late, the lack of room service probably would have been an issue. We did eat breakfast (free) and it was a full-featured warm buffet.Overall, the hotel is in the heart of things and, for New York anyway, moderately priced (2 nights with all taxes $480, AAA discount). When you pay that much, little things can impact your satisfaction and I was pretty sure we wouldn't have any surprises because the manager, again, tracked this site. We were very pleased with our stay.	
Nov 24 2009 	Not what we'd planned but saved our lives	I should have reviewed this sooner, but the events preceding our stay at the Marriott overshadowed it, and then I kept forgetting to get on to this.The good thing about the larger hotels is that they have so many rooms, they usually have something available. We ended up at the Marriott when the B&amp;B I'd felt so proud of finding turned out to have no material existence. Finding a last-minute replacement wasn't easy, and naturally, all the cheaper places were booked solid (we found a hostel for the first night, but wanted something a bit more comfortable for the rest of our stay). So, we decided to just see what sort of deal we could find at the better-known chains, and we ended up at the Marriott at 39th.Although the receptionist blinked for a moment when we showed up, dishevelled and back-pack-bearing, she recovered in a moment, smiled kindly, and informed us that we'd been upgraded to a suite, from the double room we'd originally booked; moreover, we had out pick of two.Our selected suite was on the top floor, looking straight out at the Empire State Building; breath-taking and slightly unreal. I'm originally from New York, but had never seen this view of the Empire State Building outside of pictures. This felt slightly like being in a movie. I stopped snivelling miserably over my own hotel-finding failure, and began enjoying myself.In addition to the spectacular view, the suite provided a comfortable lounge area and bedroom (seven pillows of varying firmnesses on the double bed!), a very clean bathroom, and a kitchenette (which we didn't really use, since I have so many favourite eating places in NYC). A substantial, buffet-style breakfast, served in pleasant surroundings was included.The Marriott is, however, on the expensive side, if you are a student, although the central location of this particular one had the advantage of making pretty much everything in Manhattan 'within walking distance' (provided you're a good walker, and have good shoes).When you arrive, in your room you will find a bag of popcorn and a bottle of water as an arrival snack, but they are priced so high that it is difficult to believe anyone avails themselves of them, when you can run downstairs and get the same for a fraction of the cost. But it's pleasant gesture. There are also little candies in a bowl on the table, and if I remember correctly, some magazines and newspapers.The breakfast is ample, and very, very 'Middle America' (waffles, bacon, eggs, etc.); those who want an idea of how many Americans eat will get a full-immersion experience. The food is quite decent, definitely the better brands of pre-packaged breakfast foods, and most of it was still hot (although we came down a bit late). I do not expect a major hotel group to provide a home-cooked breakfast--at that scale, it would be unrealistic--but I mention its absence for those who have their hearts set on freshly-baked bread and other baked goods: for that, in my experience anyway, you would need to stay at a smaller place.Overall, this was an excellent, if unintended and unexpected experience. And it made us feel very grown up ;)	
Nov 22 2009 	nice find - would stay here again	Stayed here as an alternative hotel when the larger conference hotel was sold out. The suite was the largest room space for this price range that I have found in NYC, a clean and quiet room with small sofa, microwave and refrigerator, counter space that doubled as desk area. Hall way was large enough that I could still easily walk through even with the ironing board set up. The windows could be cracked for fresh air. View from higher floors. The hot breakfast (eggs, french toast or pancakes or waffles, yogurt and canned fruit, oatmeal, cereal, pastries or toast, juice and coffee) wasn't gourmet or anything, but was complementary (and definitely a step up from the continental breakfasts many hotels serve), along with the free newspapers, including Sunday NY Times. The hotel was a easy walk to the more hustle and bustle area of Times Square, the Theater District, Rockefeller Plaza, Murray Hill, shopping areas, etc., as well as being catercornered from a park and ice skating rink. Easy access to several restaurants, delis, and a gourmet salad place on the next block. Staff were very helpful in allowing me to print out some documents. Only down side is couple of times I asked housekeeping for items (e.g., a replacement for a hair dryer that didn't work) - both times, even though they said they were handling it, it took a second call to get them up (although they did apologize and were nice about it both times). Over all, though, I thought this was a great find and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great value and comfort	This is my second stay here, the first being with my children. On this visit, I had originally chosen to stay at a highly rated (on Trip Advisor) hotel which I thought would be more romantic. Apparently &quot;romantic&quot; means cramped quarters and paper thin walls, and after one night there, we moved to the Residence Inn, where I knew the rooms were great.The views from the upper floors here are wonderful, the rooms spacious (only 12 per floor) and it is a great location - we could walk almost everywhere we needed to.My only complaint is that I booked a package rate that was to include city passes and Marriott Bonus Bucks (and have the email to prove it) but the front desk wouldn't initially give me the passes, saying it wasn't in my rate. They finally gave the passes, but I didn't get the Bonus Bucks at checkout. I am hoping this will be resolved and it seems strange I can see clearly the rate I booked under, and the hotel can't.Other than this, it is a great value for NYC, with spacious, comfortable, quiet rooms.	
Nov 18 2009 	Best Value Location and Service	We stayed here for 3 nights from October 24. My husband came for a meeting and my 19 yrs old son and I tagged along. The hotel is located on the very south end of Times Square so it is quieter. You are pretty much in the center of Manhattan. This was my son's first visit to NYC, and we were able to do all the tourist things without too much traveling. The hotel is close to Empire State Building, Chrysler Building, Grand Central Terminal, Bryant Park, Central Library, Rockefeller Center and Theater District. We walked to the Gershwin Theater to see Wicked. We were in a corner King room on the very top floor, room 3402. I had emailed Gwen Lytle, the hotel manager before arriving. I got her email address through the responses she gave to the TripAdvisor reviews. Gwen answered my questions very quickly and arranged everything that I asked for. She told me the corner rooms are larger, but doesn't have any direct views of the Empire State Building. We opted for more room, but the views from the three picture windows were spectacular none the less. I asked her for a hotplate and it was there before we arrived (I ended up not using it, but it was there as promised). I'm sorry I didn't get to meet her, hopefully next time. The breakfast each morning was hot, good and plenty. We arrived around 7:30 am and it was not too crowded. There was something new each day and with the prices in NYC, it was a great bargain. The room was clean and the staff very nice. My husband has this meeting annually, so I know we will be staying here again next year!	
Nov 18 2009 	Great place	Good price and valueBreakfast was delicious and complimentary - a rare find in nycRoom was cleanHaving a small kitchen was perfect for the little kidsCon: elevators were horribly slow during rush hours - bfast and check out times	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent Value and Excellent Location	Could not think of a better value for NYC. Central location, clean, good value, child-friendly. WHat else could we ask for?	
Nov 13 2009 	Best Mariott in NYC	I've been to NYC many times for business and pleasure - it's an easy trip for me living in MA. I usually stay at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square but their rates have gotten ridiculous and their elevators take forever. I discovered this property and it blows the Marquis away! The location couldn't be better, Your a few blocks away from Times square, Radio City is down the street and beautiful Bryant Park is across the street. Much quieter location than times square too. The hotel is very well kept, the staff very helpful and the rooms - although on the small side - are beautifully furnished. Flat screen TV, comfortable bed, well decorated. The complimentary breakfast is very good - something for everyone. They have a lounge on the 3rd floor which is small but a great place to have a drink. This property is well worth your time to check out - yoou don't have the insanity of a large hotel, the noise of times square and the price points are reasonable plus a well done complimentary buffet breakfast. Valet parking is $54.00 per day - no in and out. My new place to stay in the city.	
Nov 7 2009 	The perfect package	Folks, for mid-town Manhattan, this is THE place hands down. You MIGHT find a cheaper place, or one in the EXACT middle of Times Square that costs more, but overall you can't beat this place! The staff was simply fantastic...from their greetings, to their service..unbeatable. The breakfast buffet (free by the way) was well stocked, diverse, and tasted great! The location is like one block south and east of Times Square. Bryant park and the subway are literally one block away. There is a small grocery store 1/2 a block from the hotel open 24/7. The area is incredibly safe. The theaters are a 10 minute walk from the hotel, Macy's and Penn Station a mere few blocks away. Gwen, you and your staff really laid it all out for us and made our stay a very memorable experience. When we return to New York to visit, we won't have to figure out where to stay...we already know.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent hotel top location great service!!	I stayed here for five nights in October, I cannot fault this hotel at all. The rooms are lovely, with the kitchen coming in suprisingly useful, being able to keep drinks cool or make a hot drink at any time was good. The beds were very soft and comfy, even the sofa bed! The bathroom was small but the shower had excellent power and there was always plenty of hot water. We also had an amazing view of the Empire State Building from the window!Breakfast was a great addition, ample to set you up for a day of sightseeing - very good french toast!The location of the hotel is excellent, a short walk to Times Square, Macys, Bryant Park, the list goes on.......Finally I have to recommend the nearby Deli (right out of the hotel entrance), it's called &quot;Devine Bites&quot; and does excellent sandwiches, pizza and pasta all freshly prepared to order and very reasonably priced.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Room Great Service	Being from North Carolina we are well aware and enjoy the 'small town' atmosphere when traveling within the state. The staff at the Residence Inn NYC have been able to create the friendly, small town atmosphere within the hotel. Everyone on the staff we came in contact with was very nice, helpful with a professional, prompt attention to service and detail. The room was great, cleaned well, and very comfortible. The ability to have a working kitchen with dishes, frig, dish washer and microwave gave us the option to avoid expensive restaurants for every meal. When we did have left overs we could store and reheat them. The view from the 22nd floor was very interesting with a mixture of older and newer buildings as well as a good view of the busy street below. Oddly enough, it was very quiet once we where in our room with much less 'hotel noises' we are used too experiencing. Many great places are close by: resturants, subway, parks, museums, shops. We also really enjoyed the full breakfast included in the price fo the room, free paper as well. The breakfast enabled us to eat quickly and get fast start to the day. Once again the staff in the breakfast room was very friendly and efficient.Thanks! Look forward to our next stay!	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect location and spacious room!	The hotel is located closer to Bryant Park than Times Square so it is not right in the middle of the Times Square crowds but close enough that you can walk there in minutes. The room itself was quite large with a bit of a view of the Empire State Building. I was on the 16th floor and I think a higher floor would get a full view of it. I opted to spend more to get a room on the corner which is worth it. I think it gives the room more light as it has windows facing front and on the side. The room has an incredibly comfortable king bed and there is also sofa that pulls out. There is a work area where you can plug in your laptop and there is free wireless access. There is a kitchen area that I wish I took more advantage of. I stored things in the fridge and that was about it. The bathroom was a little on the small size but had a great showerhead! There is free breakfast available and it wasn't too crowded during the weekday but on Saturday it took a few minutes to find an available seat. Take advantage of this! It is free! There are tons of places to eat in the area and you will spend enough money on lunches and dinners elsewhere. The only negative I have was a brief experience at the concierge desk. There was a woman seated behind the desk and when we went to ask a question she informed us that she was off duty. A man in a suit came by just minutes after us to ask a question and he was assisted. I don't know if its because my friends and I were casually dressed but it was the only negative experience we had. All in all it offered a perfect location with a spacious room and it will be the place I stay at for future visits to NYC.	
Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful accommodations unbelievable service!	For our 55th birthdays, my college friends and I made reservations at the Residence Inn and we were treated like GOLD! Gwen, the manager and Howell, the front desk clerk, took care of every detail and saw to it that our accommodations were top notch. Check in and check out were perfect, the beds were soft and comfy, the kitchens had everything we could ever want, and the showers were heavenly. We had an easy walk to and from Port Authority, Grand Central and Penn Station, as well as all that Times Square had to offer. What a great weekend, even the lousy weather couldn't deter us from having a blast at the Residence Inn. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Residence Inn ROCKS!	Fantastic NYC hotel experience!Stayed here last year &amp; was extremely pleased! This year was equally fabulous!The Positives: Splendid staff--they cater to the customer! Due to a redeye flight, we arrived at 8am to the hotel &amp; there was one room available--they cordially accommodated us! Great buffet breakfasts each morning! Oh so spacious room w/all the treats: comfy bed, kitchen w/everything, a sofa, just perfect! Free Internet access! (This was partially a work trip--so nice to work in my room w/no technical difficulties)! The front desk was nice enough to give us a slightly later checkout time, too! Perfect!The Negatives: Not much closet space (but I can live with that). It also would be nice to have an extra hour of breakfast time on Saturdays &amp; Sundays (Okay, I confess--Saturday was a wild night &amp; I didn't wake up till 10am on Sunday--so no lovely buffet). Any chance you could extend the weekend buffet until 11am? Also, rates were pretty high for our stay--compared to Comfort Inn &amp; a few other places I investigated (I still chose Residence Inn, because of the great treatment from last year.) It would be nice if you had a nice deal for people staying more than 2 days, or maybe some other little price break.Other than my mild complaints, the place really does ROCK!	
Oct 25 2009 	Provides All You Need For A Great NY Visit	Stayed last week of Sept for 7 nights and could not have been more pleased. Provided all the hotel essentials for a terrific visit: free wireless, in-room kitchens, sleeper sofa for seating, extremely comfortable beds, very well maintained and cleaned rooms, terrific views, complimentary full breakfast, Monday &amp; Wednesday complimentary &quot;snacks&quot; which actually qualify as light meals, perfect location with subways and delis nearby. However, the best aspect of our stay was the staff. Not once in a week were we not treated courteously and with assistance as requested. Wish I had all names to mention and hate to leave anyone out but I will say that Damian always welcomed us with a smile and seemed to go out of his way to assist with requests. His greetings as we entered and left the lobby really made us feel at home. Paola also regularly provided friendly advice and help. Every single staff member we encountered enhanced our stay; housekeeping, maintenance, meal staff, front desk, security who provided luggage storage and package mailing, everyone! Who cares about paper plates on occasion, I took that to be for our convenience as a take-out option. This hotel certainly rates as one of our favorites and we intend to return. Early check-in and check-out were readily accommodated as was a room change after a couple of nights. Both rooms were great, but with the change we experienced both the Bryant Park view and the Empire State Building view...How can you beat that? I'm going to also surmise that management must be exemplary as often staff attitude trickles down from the top. If the qualities mentioned are on your list of priorities, the Marriott Times Square is highly recommended. The fact that it is actually right in Times Square but close to Bryant Park is another plus!	
Oct 20 2009 	Good Base for NYC Tourist	Was in a group of 3 couples, no children. Hotel located just Southeast of Times Square, about a 5 minute walk. Market steps away and drug store about 1 block away. Restaurants all over the place.Rooms spacious with lots of countertop space since they come with fullsize refrigerator, sink, microwave, utensils, plates &amp; cups/mugs, pans, plus room for pc with lots of outlets. You would have to ask for a hotplate to cook. Bed was quite comfortable. Although we were only about halfway up in the building on the 18th floor, room was quiet; just make sure that the one adjustable window is closed. Didn't hear any noise from neighbors on either side or from above or below. Smallish bathroom with sink inside, but enough space for one person at a time. Shower in tub could be turned to rainshower type head or a handheld shower head.Was always clean with large bath towels. Remarkably, and we were there 6 days, every time you turned on the tub/shower or sink the water was immediately hot/warm.Same breakfast buffet choices each morning, but good and plentiful, definitely a money and time saver. NY Times, USA Today, and Wall Street Journal available to read or take from breakfast area. Only complaint was horrible coffee, much too strong. Plenty of seating in adjacent rooms and lounge areas. At night, the bar was open on this 3rd floor area, which was nice and cozy with entertainment and a pool table in a back room.Staff was everywhere and without exception friendly with a &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;may I help you.&quot; Rooms are somewhat expensive, but I think they all are in this part of town. Hotel location convenient to Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square including Broadway theaters, Bryant Park, NY Public Library.. A slightly longer walk up to Rockefeller Center, 10-15 minutes.	
Oct 20 2009 	It's Ok for Manhattan	The hotel was OK, but not excellent. The room wasn't small and it had microwave, fridge and coffee maker. Internet wireless was free but a little slow. The breakfast was really good, but there were many problems in the mornings with the elevators when you wanted to go to the third floor. Sometimes we had to wait a lot of time to get there.Besides, we like to drink our instant coffee (dissolved in milk) for breakfast and we couldn't get hot milk in the buffet (we asked the employees and they said the couldn’t heat the milk for us) so we had to go back to the room and heat the milk in the microwave and wait for the elevator again. I think they must solve the elevators problem because it is very annoying. I had to wait for them again the day we left, because all of them went down full of people.I think it is a very expensive hotel, but you have to remember that you are in Times Square. I suppose you have to pay for it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Still a great place to stay!	My husband and I stayed here two years ago and liked it so much that we decided to stay here again for our second trip to NYC. This time we were traveling with my 11 month old son and with my in-laws so we got 2 rooms.--Location: The hotel is walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, and Macy’s. The subway entrance is also very close. --Room: The room was nice and clean. The bed was super comfortable and the kitchen area was very nice. --Amenities: The breakfast is buffet style and it was really good. They have cold cereals (one was Froot Loops) and they have individual milk cartons. They also have eggs, sausage, potatoes, pastries, fruits, yogurt, English muffins, bagels, and tortillas. To drink they have juices (Orange Juice, don’t remember the other kinds), fountain drinks (Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, etc.), milk, and coffee. There are two rooms with tables and chairs to eat your breakfast, but you can also eat outside of those two rooms. They also have highchairs for babies. Other people had mentioned something about the paper plates and I just wanted to say that these aren’t your typical paper plates and plastic utensils, they are biodegradable plates, cups, and utensils. I think it’s great that they have this option!--Customer Service: The staff at this hotel is wonderful. We arrived at the hotel around 9 am and since our room wasn’t ready they offered to hold our luggage and also told us we could go upstairs and have breakfast! That was so nice of them. The person that checked us in was also really nice and gave us a room on a higher floor. There were also a few times when the elevator was so packed that some of the staff members got out so that more people could fit. I think that just about every staff member that we encountered was friendly and always asked how we were doing. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel great location GREAT food!	Just returned from a 3 night stay at The Residence Inn Times Square. Could not have been happier with this hotel. The location is great, within a couple blocks of subway, shopping or many sights. The staff was excellent and attended to our requests. Our room had a direct view of The Empire State Building which was a plus. They offer breakfast in the morning as well as a &quot;heavy Horsdourves&quot; one night we actually made a meal there. Fresh baked turkey breast, cranberry sauce, salad and rolls. In NY this is a huge savings. With the little kitchenette in the room, we were able to have everything we needed for a comfortable stay. Rate is excellent for NY and with these extras you get a lot for your money. There is also Wi-fi throughout the hotel and computers and printers for gree in the business center. Dotti	
Oct 18 2009 	Great stay..great time away..book this hotel!!!	Two words...Great hotel!!My husband and I stayed at this hotel Oct 10-Oct 13. We landed very early Saturday morning and headed to the hotel, after asking about our room reservation made using points, we were informed that we could check in then or wait for a higher floor..we opted for a higher floor but I was impressed that we had the option to check in at 8am!! We checked our luggage and went out to explore the city. After spending the afternoon exploring the city, we went back to check on our reservation, we were informed of two choices and opted for a higher floor with a view of the Empire State Building..very impressed with the room!! It was quiet and very clean. Liked the full fridge and microwave and the bathroom was very clean and had lots of towels. The bed was very comfortable and the room was soundproof. Along with checking in early, we also got a later check out..hotel is very accomodating!!!Not sure why people care about paper plates..it is very busy and I would rather have paper plates than wait for clean plates or not have them cleaned properly. It is a nice touch to have eggs and sausage as an option. The third floor lounge is a quiet retreat and we used it the day we checked out to have lunch prior to heading to the airport.Hotel is in a great location..we did lots of walking over three days and subway stops were close to the hotel.Bryant Deli is a block away and recommend the sandwiches !!I can't wait to return to NY and hope that we will get to stay at the Residence Inn again!!! Hightly recommended!!!!!	
Oct 18 2009 	Very nice pet friendly hotel	Although this hotel is absolutely HUGE and busy, the rooms are very well decorated, large, clean and have an amazing view over Times Square. I was travelling with my dog, and everyone in the hotel loved her. It was a nightmare to get a cab with a dog from this hotel to the airport, because no cabs wanted to take a dog, that was the only negative memory of this hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	What a wonderful surprise when we entered our room...	My husband &amp; I planned a week in NYC just for fun. I researched everything, and was rather apprehensive when Residence Inn didn't show up in any AAA NY Tour Bk. or Travel guides.After checking trip advisor I found great reviews, so went with this hotel as its amenities were just what we wanted. Great location away from the the mad crowds of Times Sq. (which of course is a great place to visit). We opted for upgrading to a larger room, king bed and a city view. When we walked into our room we were thrilled!! Perfect! We were on a high floor and the view down 6th Ave. was great, even saw the Empire State Bldg. which was bathed in red, green &amp; white for the Columbus Day holiday. The staff was great throughout the week ~ we put that down to good management, it shows! OK so the bathroom was a little small, and the closet was small also, but these were so minor that it made no difference in the room. The bed was fantastic! I actually undid the sheets to see the brand; we want this bed at home. The breakfast was great, especially it seemed for those with large appetites. There was a delay getting all these hungry guests on &amp; off the elevators, but there again, everyone was in good humor, so no problem. The room was very quiet, we heard nothing. Never saw the housekeepingstaff, but knew they were around, as our room was always cleaned perfectly. I even received Thank You notes from housekeeping for the daily tips I had left ~ never had that before. The concierge gave us a great idea when we were trying to get tickets to see &quot;Wicked&quot;, go directly to the box office and pick up cancelled tickets that are made available 24 hrs. before the next show. We got tickets in the 7th row center ~ the best show we've ever seen!!! This hotel should be re-named ~ The Bryant Park/Manhattan instead of Times Sq. The Bryant Market/Deli is fabulous; it's almost next door. The Metro is close by also. I could go on and on, we were so happy with our week in NYC and staying at the Residence Inn was a very big part of that. I would suggest this hotel to those that prefer a more self-contained independent holiday, without all the trappings of those Hotels that seem rather invasive. I prefer to turn down my own bed, so this Hotel actually seemed a bargain price-wise compared to the others around.Can't wait to return! I LOVE NY!	
Oct 14 2009 	Surprisingly Excellent	Though expensive because of its central location and NYC prices, this hotel excels at the basics. The rooms are very large by NYC standards, well decorated and include attractive granite kitchens. Soundproofing is outstanding and street noise is more muted than almost any other hotel I've used in the city. The included breakfast is a major plus. Not much to say on the negative side.	
Oct 11 2009 	Beautiful clean hotel in a great location	We enjoyed our stay of four days at Residence Inn very much. The location is centrally located to many of the tourist attractions yet without all the noise of being in Times Square. We had to wait to the late afternoon/evening to check-in in order to get an upper floor, but it was worth it. My children loved the view of the Empire State Building during all times of the day and night and in the sun and rain. The free buffet breakfast was a definite plus. The selection ranged from hot breakfast items to the usual continental fare. The cost of the hotel was very reasonable. The room was large and the kitchenette was clean. The hotel room was very quiet except for one night when our neighbor had a terrible screaming match at 2:30am. It was much louder in the hallway than through the walls. Management took a long time to pick up the phone (called 3 times for at least 5-10 minutes), but when they did, they responded more quickly. As far as parking, we found it cheaper to park in a local parking garage using a coupon from the internet.	
Oct 8 2009 	Friendly Staff and Convenient Location	The Location of this hotel is excellent and the rate was very competitive. We were just around the corner from all of the Times Square attractions and within walking distance to Radio City Music Hall. We were also able to walk from Penn Station to the hotel (several blocks). The front desk staff was very efficient and friendly during check-in, and the concierge was quite helpful in securing dinner reservations in Little Italy. The room was nicely appointed and clean with a kitchenette area. We did have some trouble finding a cab in the front of the hotel -- no real space for cabs to idle -- however, we did stay during the very busy holiday season.	
Sep 28 2009 	Other than the pull out sofa couch an excellent weekend	I took our daughter and her friend for her Sweet 16 birthday! Times Square a few blocks away. Excellent breakfast-Go early. Go to NINJA! great restaurant. The top floor of the Marriot at 45th is great for a drink/desert, even though it's touristy, go before 9 to avoid the cover charge.	
Sep 26 2009 	Perfect location fair price	The Marriott Residence Inn is one block away from Bryant Park, on 6th Avenue. The location is perfect to visit all great locations in central Manhattan and hop to the hotel to rest, freshen up and leave the shopping bags. There are two subway stations within one block´s walk, the staff is very professional and the room was spotless. We had no problem with the A/C as another reviewer mentioned, and the breakfast was superb. Yes, there were paper plates and plastic knives and forks on some days, but only when the regular ones ran out. The pricing is very fair for the location, specially considering the complimentary breakfast and that the room has a full sized fridge, microwave and pans should one feel inclined to cook something simple. Breakfast was huge and varied: eggs, sausage, pastries, cereal, fruit, coffee, juice, and just about anything you could wish. We had a great time there and would definitely stay at the Residence Inn again.	
Sep 25 2009 	The best hotel in New York City...	you will see what I am talking about if you stay here.The customer service is the best. My partner and I have been staying here for years. We will only stay elsewhere if they are booked. Which happens often.They have a fantastic breakfast. If you have children or several people in your party you can have a full breakfast here. They have everything. Also for dinner they have light snacks, which you can fill up on and get a light dinner somewhere else.We've requested late check out and they have always granted it. In the past we have also left late in the day and they never charge for that day like most hotels do. When we leave things behind they ship them to us.There is a deli steps away and they have the best club sandwhiches in the city. The chinese place has amazing food as well.I love this place and you will too once you've stayed here.Cheers.	
Sep 22 2009 	Absolutely wonderful	We absolutely loved this hotel. We had visited New York about 6 years ago and stayed at Marriott Renaissance (nice hotel too) but with economy wanted something more affordable traveling with more children. The hotel was very nice and included wireless High Speed Internet and a very good breakfast (sausage, eggs, potatos, cereal, pancakes). Our two rooms (King beds) had a view of the Empire State Building and the (Fri-Sat) weekend rates were very reasonable (Sunday night little more pricey). We arrived early Thurs around 11am traveling from NC (spent one night in NJ) and they gave us a claim ticket to store our luggage and parked our van early. The entire hotel staff was very pleasant. I won't mention names but the two black male checkin staff on Sept 18 and 19 took the time to explain things (as good as conciege). They also allowed us to check luggage in again after checkout at 11 and leave our van in the parking deck until 3:30 pm on Monday, so we could take the subway to the Statue of Liberty tour. I would definitely recommend this hotel. The hotel was a great location and was no more than a 5-10 minute walk to Time Square. September is a great time to travel to NY. The weather avg 70's during the day and the nights weren't too cold. The kids were a little unhappy about the hotel only having Nickelodeon (no cartoon network or disney) but this was probably a good thing so we could visit the city and not wait on TV programs to end.(I will post details of our trip with same Title under NYC for things we did during our stay).	
Sep 18 2009 	Good price breakfast and room!!	This was our second trip to New York and we decided to stay at this hotel due to its reasonable rates, complimentary breakfast (fantastic choice), gym, location and in-room kitchenette. It had all the facilities we wanted plus good service, friendly staff and a view of the Empire State Building from our impressively sized room. The bed was also super comfortable and was renamed as the marshmallow bed for the duration of the visit. We attended two of the social evening held in the hotel on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesday where we recieved complimentary food and soft drinks. We also used the laundry facilities as we had packed light in order to fill our bags with shopping on the return trip! Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very friendly great location great restaurants nearby	We stayed there while we were moving our daughter to NYU. We used Marriott points to stay there. The location was good and felt safe. The room was equiped with a fridge, microwave and tea and coffee. the staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very average.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Hotel near Time Square	We are regular Marriott travelers. This hotel is a couple of blocks away from the hustle and bustle. Nice rooms. Clean. Good breakfast. Like that there was almost always an apple to take for a snack on the go. Like the to go coffee and soda cups with lids and straws. The dining facility is clean. Great friendly service. Rooms always cleaned and neat. We would def stay here again and highly recommend to friends.	
Sep 5 2009 	Nice hotel	Let's see....I will try to be very short:Rooms : very clean, good size (it was a larger studio, city view, king bed- only for 20 usd more/ night), small bathroom ,but why you need something bigger? The only complain is about the storage place- no place for clothes, baggage's; we transformed the sofa bed in a wardrobe. Nice kitchen, very good equipped, comfortable king bed- enough space for 2 adults and 1 child (our daughter is 9 years old) Location : perfectStaff : pleasant, helpful, ask them about what to visit, they have a lot of information at the concierge !!!! Book yor visits and your trips very easy!Breakfast : forget about! Maybe for Americans is OK to eat early in the morning hamburgers, potato's, gris, eggs and canned fruits....For an European visitor, this breakfast is horror!Better go and buy your food and coffee and prepare your meal! The kitchen has everything you need ! You will feel better, and you will don't have to see how people stay in line for nothing and make provisions to use in they're room! And finally the paper plates and plastic forks?With this exception, i recommend this hotel !	
Sep 3 2009 	great hotel!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Marriott Residence Inn. The location is perfect - it is not right at times square, but in a quieter area and a short walk from times square, fifth avenue, Bryant Park, and Central Park. Subway is only one block away.Free internet, fitness centre, and breakfast makes this hotel an excellent value! The kitchen was great - we didn't cook but it was nice to keep drinks and leftovers cold in the fridge. Hotel was recently renovated with updated furnishings. It was also very clean and well-maintained. Rooms were fairly large. Service at the hotel was always fantastic. My only drawback was that the air conditioner unit was noisy... I had trouble sleeping the first night but I quickly got used to the noise.	
Aug 31 2009 	Loved this hotel!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. It was our first trip to NYC and we relied on the Trip Advisor reviews when choosing where to stay. We couldn't have been happier with the Residence Inn. We were able to walk to Times Square, Rockafeller Center, the shopping district, the theater district, Empire State Building, Bryant Park, and much more. The Greyline Bus tour stop is also very close and I highly recomend all of their tours. The hotel is clean, spacious, includes a daily hot breakfast, and has a very nice bar and lounge. And the beds are sooo comfortable. A very good choice.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent stay - highly recommended	We stayed there for 6 nights and really enjoyed the location and the room. The kitchenette has everything you need to cook. The breakfast buffet is awesome with all items you would expect. There is also a social appetizers style from Monday to Wed with soups, salads, cookies etc.. It is 10 mn walk to times square and couple minutes to metros. What else can you expect ?	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel great staff and great location.	My fiance and I just got back from 4 nights in New York City and we had a great time. I am really glad that we choose the Residence Inn Marriott Times Square over the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square which we stayed in last year. It is located just a couple of blocks from Times Square and just a few blocks from Herald Square and the Manhattan Mall where you can do some shopping.We arrived early and we were given a nice room on a higher floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The room was very spacious and even had a kitchenette(microwave, large fridge, dishwasher, crock pot, dishes and cutlery). All of the staff were very helpful and friendly but I have to say that Andre was amazing. He was very pleasant to deal with and provided excellent customer service. Breakfast was available on the 3rd floor daily and there were many choices available. ie: Eggs, sausage, french toast, muffins, danish, bagels, fruits or cereal. Also on the 3rd floor were 3 computers where you can use the internet to check e-mails or even print your boarding passes. As someone who works in the travel industry, I will gladly recommend this hotel to my clients and look forward to staying here again on my next visit to New York City.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	The location is fantastic, easy access to the subway and various attractions. The staff wonderful and very helpful and knowledgable. The rooms were spacious and clean.	
Aug 26 2009 	Uncomfortable room configuration led to early checkout	I had reservations for 8 nights but checked out after two nights. I would have checked out after the first night, but I was given incorrect information at the front desk about the checkout deadline.I reserved a king room with a sofa bed. When I arrived 30 minutes early, only a queen room was available. I took that room but found the queen bed to be rather small (was it really a full size?). There were to be a total of 3 people in the room, but for the first two nights, there were only two. Although the room was a decent size in total, the sleeping area, with the sofa bed extended, was very cramped. When the bed was open, the end fit right up against the main bed, blocking off all access from that side of the bed. In addition, the bathroom door was a couple of feet away from the other side of the bed. The bathroom was rather small, and there wasn't room to easily open and close the door while in the bathroom.The first morning down to breakfast, the dining room was extremely crowded and very noisy with a large table of women who &quot;forgot&quot; that they were not the only ones in the room. The coffee was the worst I have ever had, and, when I asked two different staff members about it, received a shrug from both and &quot;that's just the way our coffee is&quot; from one of them.I did inquire about a different room but was told that all rooms were the same configuration and that I had one of the larger ones, so if I didn't like that one, I probably wouldn't like any others. They did offer to show me other rooms later that day. I asked about early check out penalties and was told that I was too late for that day to check out without penalty (it was 10 a.m.). I ended up staying that evening and checked out the next morning. At that time I was told that as long as I checked out by 11 a.m. (not 10 a.m.), there would be no penalty. I was also told that there were different rooms that might have worked better for me, not that they were all the same as I had been told the previous day. By that time I already had a reservation at the Hampton and happily spent the remainder of my vacation there - in comfort and with good coffee!	
Aug 25 2009 	Good Stay 	Made last minute reservations here and had a good stay. Breakfast included everyday and dinner for a few of the nights (Mon - Wed). The staff was very helpful / friendly and the room was clean. I think we found our new home away from home when we vacation to New York City. Thank you Marriott!!	
Aug 19 2009 	This hotel has come down in quality.	I had stayed at this hotel on a five day trip in November 2006, was very impressed and was looking forward to another five day stay at the end of June, 2009. I was quite disappointed. There has been a significant deterioration in quality. You can't beat the location and the rooms are large...but that's about it. I had to change rooms after two days because of a noisy AC. The AC was OK in the second room, but changing rooms didn't improve the lack of water pressure in the bathroom...just barely more than a trickle in both...forget using the tub. The first morning it took 20 minutes to fill. That's pretty significant in a hotel this pricey. The ice maker in the refrigerator was off my first night...so no ice. I had them turn it on the second day but understood why it was off....quite noisy when it turns on to make ice during the night. On my previous visit, the New York Times was at my door each morning. On the last visit, you had to get down to the breakfast buffet early if you wanted to get one before they ran out. On my previous visit, the free breakfast buffet was quite nice. On this visit, the food was mediocre, the coffee weak and the paper plates and plastic utensils...when they had not run out of them...quite tacky for a hotel this pricey. The entire hotel...accomodations to service to personnel...had the air of an establishment just on the edge of not making it. Between my two visits I had stayed at other midtown hotels, but decided to &quot;splurge&quot; on this trip...bad choice. The cheaper hotels were worth the price...this one was not. And THEY had water pressure...	
Aug 17 2009 	My absolute favorite New York hotel	We've now stayed at this hotel twice. Both times, they exceeded our expectations. We love the location, the rooms are extra large, the front desk staff are super. We were pleasantly surprised when we were told that we could print out our boarding passes for our return trip home at no charge right there at the front desk. We are returning in December, but sadly won't be able to stay at this hotel this time. The price for the first weekend in December is WAY over our budget, so we're having to &quot;settle&quot; for a much less desirable hotel. We continue to look for special deals at this Residence Inn and hope to stay there again in the future.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent Place to Stay in NYC	We stayed there for 4 nights over the July 4th weekend. It was an excellent value for the money for NYC. We had a corner room on the 21st floor and had a great view down 6th Ave. The hotel is about 4 blocks south of Times Square. You are within two blocks of several subway stations and two blocks east of the Port Authority Bus Terminal.They had one of the best selections at breakfast that I have experienced at a Residence Inn although I have noticed that all R.I. have cut back on the complementary food service.The corner rooms are spacious and you can open two windows in these. The A/C compressor is a bit noisy when running but at least you can set the room temperature as low as you want. This is the first R.I. that we have stayed at that didn't have an electric cooktop, just a microwave but there was a large toaster and a crockpot/slow cooker in the cabinets.My complaints are minor: 1) Like most hotels it is difficult to keep the maids from taking the extra bath towel that we requested and left hanging in the bathroom, we had to hide it in the closet; 2) Storage is tight, the closet is small and the 3 draws in the TV stand are shallow	
Aug 11 2009 	Great and Relaxing Oasis in the middle of NYC!!	This hotel exceded my expectations in anything that I could ever imagine in the heart of NYC. It started with the moment we arrived before check in time and the front desk clerk (Andre) was so helpful in making sure we got a room without waiting too long. Actually our wait time was only 2 hours which in my book was great and they held our luggage for us. (Thanks to Michael) The front desk/lobby area is on the small side and nothing elaborate just plain and simple BUT do not let this fool you! We had four people in a room with a Queen bed and pull out sofa and did just fine and the bed was very comfortable. For a hotel being in the heart of mid-town Manhattan it was very quiet and relaxing after a long day of sightseeing. It is also in a very central location and not far from Grand Central Station for subway and major attractions like Empire State Bldg, Bryant Park, Broadway, Times Sq. , 5th ave Shops all in walking distance. Housekeeping was prompt and when extra towels and blanket requested it was brought in a New york minute!! The hot complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise also as I have stayed at hotels which offered this and you just got cereals bagels/muffins and fruit. This one had just about everything to satisfy everyones different tastes. And the tables were cleaned off very fast to accomodate the crowd. Kudos to these workers as they were friendly and always had a smile on their face!! Sorry I don't remember your names. And a very special thank-you to front desk clerk Howell who without his patience, kindness and help we would never had gotten to Brooklyn for the best pizza in the world. He is an asset to your hotel. If I had anything negative to say it would have to be the wait for the elevator during breakfast time but nothing that was extreme. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to anyone who is planning a trip to NYC. Thank-you to all the staff for making our stay an enjoyable one!	
Aug 11 2009 	I Give The Residence Inn Times Square A Thumbs Up!	I traveled to New York July 29-August 2, 2009 with my sister and a friend to celebrate my 40th birthday. We arrived at the Residence Inn prior to check in and the desk staff graciously stored our bags so we could immediately hit the streets. When we returned that evening, we checked into our fantastic corner room on the 31st floor with an amazing view and no city noise. I was pleasantly surprised to find a birthday card and chocolate covered strawberries in the refrigerator from the staff. Our room had a king sized bed and fold out couch and it was plenty of room for three grown women with large suitcases. The bed was super comfy and we were really pleased with the size of the room. It was great having a small kitchen for drinks and leftovers and it was nice to have a table/desk. The free wireless internet is a wonderful plus, we would use the laptop every night for the next itinerary and to satisfy our email/facebook addictions. The provided hair dryer is a step up from the usual stuck-to-the-wall variety. It is a real hair dryer not attached to the wall which is great when you have three females trying to shower and get ready at the same time. Also the quality of the hair dryer is nice, I am totally devoted to my $300.00 hair dryer that I use at home and I didn’t even miss it when using the provided hair dryer.The location is wonderful and is close to so many things that would be too lengthy to list. Bryant Park is one block away and has a subway stop. We found a great lunch spot right at Bryant Park called Zeytinz that has seating upstairs or takeout to be carried out to the park. The chicken meatballs are yummy. It was also nice to be so close to Times Square and the theater district but also far enough away to stay out of the noise and the lights. It was a quick subway ride or cab ride to wherever we wanted to go.The staff of the hotel is extremely nice and helpful. The concierge desk pointed us in the right direction every time with lots of useful information. Late Friday night our toilet stopped up and the front desk had maintenance in our room in about 20 minutes to fix the problem. Also one afternoon we returned to the room to find that the housekeeper had written us a note thanking us for our gratuity. The breakfast buffet was great and had so many choices that it was almost overwhelming. In fact our only complaint about the hotel is that we didn’t like the coffee but it could have just been because it was not what we were used to. We never encountered any problem getting an elevator and we hit the breakfast buffet during peak hours. It was nice to start the day with a hearty breakfast.The price we paid for the room was very competitive and I would highly recommend this hotel. Kudos to the manager for a job well done.	
Aug 10 2009 	I'm Spreading the (great) News Residence Inn Times Square!!	This hotel has clean, modern, spacious rooms and the location and staff are excellent! It's within walking distance to Times Square, Theaters, Restaurants etc… It's easy to get a cab or take subway from the hotel. Having the complimentary breakfast each morning was nice and saved us some money for other things. We booked two rooms, 3 adults in one and 1 adult and a teenager in the other. One review was correct about the bathroom door. It's awkward but no big deal. In some NYC hotels, the lobby will mislead you by appearing exceptionally nice and the room will be horrible! This is NOT the case with Residence Inn. The rooms are clean and larger than other NY hotels we've chosen. The mattress on the sofa bed could be replaced but it wasn’t uncomfortable. The king bed was very comfortable. The 3rd floor has a large social area with computers and a bar. Drinks a bit pricey but most everything in New York is. Before I travel, I always check Trip Advisor and the reviews for this hotel were very good. Somehow we were fortunate to get a great price for our stay. It must have been the timing. We booked approx. 1 1/2 months in advance. I can't say anything negative about our stay and would definitely book the Residence Inn, Time Square again when visiting. If you NEED a lot of luxury, you PAY for it in New York. Just a note, we saw one Broadway (Hair) and one Off Broadway show and I must say that the Off Broadway (Altar Boys) on W 50th. was hilarious! Hope this review will help you choose this exceptional hotel in an excellent location. Have fun in the Big Apple!jsbkentucky	
Aug 9 2009 	Wonderful location	I stayed here for three nights with my husband and 14 year old daughter. We opted for the one queen bed suite with a sleeper sofa. With the sofa made up as a bed, space was a bit tight but since we didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room, it didn't matter. We loved having a microwave and a fridge for our use. We had a dishwasher too which is nice if you end up using a lot of the included dishes. We only used the coffee mugs and the odd spoon so I felt a little silly running the dishwasher for that.The staff was pleasant and the location great. We came to town by train and walked to the hotel in under 15 minutes (from Penn Station). We were minutes away from Times Square and many of the attractions we wished to see. If we needed a taxi, there was always one waiting right outside our door.The only part of our stay that disappointed me was the buffet breakfast. It was included in the price and offered your usual fare. I liked the fact that they offered pancakes one day, waffles another and french toast on yet another. My disappointment came with the fruit. There was plenty of it but all from cans and all dosed in heavy syrup. Not even a banana to be had.But even the canned fruit won't keep me from staying here again if I can score a decent price on the hotel room.	
Aug 9 2009 	Hotel is very good but stay away from the bar!	I arrived for a week long business trip in Midtown, and the desk clerk upgraded me to a very spacious room - especially for NYC. Room was mostly clean, although I did repeatedly find hairs that weren't mine in the bathroom once the maid had come through. Overall the hotel was well located, front desk staff very helpful, and breakfast, though crowded at times, was pretty std. My first night however, I arrived late and just wanted to grab a quiet drink and bite in the bar. After having 2 glasses of wine and a sandwhich, I was shocked to discover that the mediocre glass of wine they were charging $15.00 a glass for...now I've stayed all over the world and in 5 star hotels, and don't have any problem paying for a good glass of wine, but this seemed like overkill. The other complaint was the &quot;Asian - Fusion&quot; restuarant they recommended a few doors down...it was pouring raining, so I went there for a quiet dinner...the menu was all over the map (Thai, sushi, chinese, etc)..which raised some suspicions...but when I asked the waitstaff abouut the food, even THEY wouldn't recommend it...buyer beware....	
Aug 5 2009 	Above all our expectations!	I highly recommend the Residence Inn in Times Square for your next visit. Its a bit on the expensive side, but if you're looking for a bargain, consider the Residence Inn for the convenience, service and comfort. We were in New York City for the first time, we felt safe here and well looked after. All of the hotel staff made sure our stay was a positive experience so that we'd want to return there. The reservation clerk made sure we had a beautiful view and comfortable accommodations in spite of not having the corner suite available as we orginally requested. The desk people took care of our needs with a smile and helpful directions when we needed them. The manager was cordial and available, the cook-crew was helpful and willing to accommodate special needs if we needed them. There was also a laundry (a bit expensive, but handy).The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Only two items didn't measure up...the fold-out couch was lumpy, so we removed the mattress and made a bed on the floor which worked out fine for my teenage daughter. Second, it was a room made for hearing impared persons so the flashing light was a surprise as was the loud ring. Entertainment was available if you didn't want to venture out, but then we were in Times Square...The breakfast was better than I've seen in most hotels I've stayed in and is open a long time to accompany late sleepers (but not too late). Hot foods, cereals, fruit and juices. There was an all night coffee que, and snacks as well.The location is just a block from Bryant Park and being right on Avenue of the Americas so you get the prime transportation connecitons just around any corner. Times Square is two blocks away, an easy walk to the center of everything including the Empire State Building, Penn Station and Macy's.What I like the least about it was the bathroom...the door is oddly placed. What I liked most was the friendly service and the super location.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great as always!	Stayed at the Marriott Residence Inn @ Times Square and had a great stay as usual. I've never been let down by this chain when it comes to service and value. We had a corner room on the 34th floor and the room itself was nice; despite the bathroom being a bit small. The bed was actually softer then my bed at home; which made sleeping a breeze. There was no noise from any on our floor and when our air went out; maintenance came right up and fixed it; and on top of that our rate was discounted $100. Whenever I go out of town, the Marriott is always my first pick because you get what you pay for and that's nothing short of excellent service from all levels and just an overall homey feeling while there. Now, parking was a bit much ($54) with no ins/outs but when you're in the city; do you really need to drive anywhere? I can't wait to book my next stay with the Marriott.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great stay in the middle of New York!	I selected this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and I agree with very good evaluation. It has great location - 1 minute from Times square, convenient room - we had larger room in 20th floor with the view on Empire state building! For free internet - no problem. Rich breakfast for free + coffee, tea whole day. Very polite staff. Make sure you have your breakfast before 9:00 AM, otherwise the place is very crowded. Very much recommended!	
Jul 31 2009 	Great for kids	This hotel is ideal for families, the rooms are huge for NYC standards. We had a great view of the river and got a great AAA rate. The location is in the middle of everything. You can get almost any subway line within walking distance. However, if you are looking for service or romance, then don't stay here.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect family hotel	Norwegian family with two children (10 and 12) stayed 4 nights at the hotel. Perfect location, the best service minded staff, well functioning rooms and nice breakfast arrangements. This hotel can truly be recommended to anyone who want to stay centrally in Manhatten.	
Jul 30 2009 	A good Manhattan Choice	We have stayed at the hotel 5 nights. Great location few min walk from penn station right next to Bryant park. Room is specious and very comfortable, stuff very attentive and kitchenette is very useful. Only matter was to find decent supermarket that we did on 3rd av. Gym room is nice but breakfast and area needs an improvement. Carton plates and plastic fork &amp; knife are not acceptable. Vegetables would be upgrade for breakfast. There is an issue with the elevators it is not as bad people may think as hotel while we stayed was packed.	
Jul 29 2009 	It's was nice but nothing special.	I stayed at this hotel during the 4th of July weekend. The hotel location is great. You can walk to Times Square, Macy's, etc. The staff is &quot;okay.&quot; Once we needed towels and had to call to ask for them 2 times. It took about 30 minutes for us to get them. The front desk staff was okay, they did their jobs, but weren't overly friendly. Depending on price, I'd probably stay here again. The refridgerator came in hand.	
Jul 24 2009 	Service and Convenience Set This Hotel Apart	We stayed at the Residence Inn at Times Square for four nights while vacationing in New York. This was the first trip to the big city for our kids. The hotel provided a great escape from the busy, noisy city. There are only two 2-bedroom suites in the hotel (according to the front desk) and we were in one of them. The size of the suite was large – especially by NYC standards. There were two baths, each with its own tub, two king beds and a pull-out in the living room. The kitchen was studio style, but there was a dining table as well. The kids were thrilled with the 3 flat screens. But the BEST part was the view. It was spectacular from our floor (33). The lights at night were amazing, and there was enough space in between buildings to have a great view. The location was great – about 4 blocks from Times Square; near the subway – although we only used it coming into the city, and close enough to walk to 5th Avenue and Central Park – even our 7 year old did the walks with few complaints. The hotel offered the breakfast buffet. It would get pretty crowded – amazing to see all the people show up on a Saturday morning when it seemed the hotel was empty. Breakfast was fine – and helped offset the cost of food. With 5 of us traveling, this helped. They also had “manager’s receptions” on a few nights we were there. They claimed it was a light snack, but it really was a little dinner – again, free. My husband enjoyed the exercise room. The size of the room, location, and breakfasts/dinners made this hotel a really good value. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Place Nice Staff.	I would highly recommend this Residence Inn for your stay in NYC.I’ve first been there in 2006. Since then, me and my family returned 3 times.It’s a perfect location, great staff, fantastic breakfast.Already booked a new stay for next September.	
Jul 23 2009 	An Wonderful Surprise	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel and were surprised at the size of the room and the amenities provided (they will even go and buy your groceries for you!). I would highly recommend this hotel. We have stayed in others in NYC but they don't compare! Friendly and helpful staff. Great free breakfast! What a deal!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel and Friendly Staff	This place is great! We had a corner room booked already, which is the larger room. The first night we arrived really late and our room was taken. They apologized for the inconvenience, and let us know they booked us in the New York Marriott Marquis, right in the middle of Times Square. This was a free night stay for the inconvenience and they gave us money for a cab. The New York Marriott Marquis is a really nice hotel as well. The elevators are really fun, you would have to go there to understand that. Staying at the New York Marriott Marquis the first night was a blast, even though it was 0100 (am). We grabbed something from McDonalds and just watched all the advertizing signs. We went back to the Residence Inn the next night and were surprised by a free upgrade to the top floor (34th) the view was amazing. Breakfast at the Residence Inn is a buffet style breakfast. We found all the food to be hot and fresh. We didn’t use the bar in the hotel , but it looked nice.A real bonus in the room we had was it came with a refrigerator, cooking facilities. Didn’t see any grocery stores close by, but there must be some somewhere. You can walk from the Residence Inn to Times Square in about 10 to 15 min, possibly quicker if you stop looking up at the buildings. Macy's is walking distance, as are several shops. You can find several bars within a short walk of the hotel, and takeout Pizza/Pasta, a Deli with a huge salad bar as well. We arrived early and left our bags at the front desk, and did the same when we checked out. I used this site and others before booking, I didn't want to pay the price we did, but the other hotels were similar in price, and had less room. We could hear a taxi horn every now and again, but hey.......it is NYC. When we come back to NYC we will stay with them again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Close to Penn Station and Great staff and rooms	I travel to NYC at least 2 times a month and I have stayed at the Reasidence inn since the first week it opened. I travel an the Amtrak rail and Penn station is a 7 minute walk from the hotel. This beats the taxi trip from LGA. The front desk staff is great and by the third stay they knew me and what room i liked.The 3rd floor breakfast buffett will save a person $15/day or a family up to $100 per day, this is the best value in NYC.The rooms are very nice and have a great shower and plenty of space to do work.Last but not least id the bar on the Third floor! Very nice for a pre-dinner drink or watching the game. Also enough room for a large group.If you are a business traveler or on a family the Residence Inn is your best choice.	
Jul 10 2009 	Location Staff Accommodations and a Great Rate equal an Unbeatable Stay	Just returned from a 4-night stay where I went to NYC to enjoy the Broadway Theater. The location was perfect -- just a 10 to 12 minute walk from the Theater District/Times Square and within walking distance of so many dining establishments, 5th Ave. shopping, Macys, NYC tourist attractions, and food/drug stores. Bryant Park is one block away as well as the 40th St./Bryant Park subway station. Did not have to deal with the crowds of people staying at the Times Square hotels.Check in was efficient, courteous, professional, and very welcoming. Had a studio suite on the 26th floor. Suite was very comfortable, relaxing, and plenty of room. All room furnishings appeared to be brand new. The bed was very comfortable with different types of pillows to choose from. The flat screen television had almost as many channels to offer as I do here at home. I really enjoyed the Broadway Channel which previewed shows that are playing at the present time. Utilized the in room safe at all times. The kitchen appliances again looked brand new, and the microwave and refrigerator with ice maker came in very handy during my stay. There was an ample supply of dishes, glasses, and silverware to utilize. The bathroom is very small, one of the smallest I have encountered. However, tub/shower has the newest shower heads and the curved shower rod, with a grab bar mounted in the tub/shower. Water temperature/pressure excellent. I also found the candy jar of hard candy a nice touch to the room. Housekeepking did a great job and the suite was spotless every day. Buffet breakfast is served on the 3rd Floor. Plenty of food and a variety of it to choose from. Most anyone should find plenty to satisfy their tastebuds. Saves you a lot of time looking for a place to eat, cooking in your room, and money . Morning newspapers are stacked on tables upon exiting the elevators as you make your way to the buffet. Cannot stress enough, especially on weekends to get to the buffet early. You will enjoy a delicious buffet in a very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere with your morning paper, and watching the morning news shows on flat screen televisions mounted on the walls. Go late, 8:30 am or after, and you will encounter a &quot;circus&quot; type atmosphere with long buffet lines, and a noise level that will inhibit the digesting of your food. The staff stresses this as well, go early on the weekends. During my stay, utilized the fitness center, laundry facilities, both on the lower level, and the 3rd floor computer stations (3). Again, all equipment looked brand new, facilities were spotless clean, yes, even the laundry facilities. Laundry detergent is available complimentary at the front desk. There is also one computer station across from the front desk. The entire staff is one of the most welcoming I have encountered. Always professional and courteous, but interested in your stay at the Residence Inn as well as in NYC. The staff really seem to want to make you as comfortable as possible. Kudos to management for having such a caring staff. The concierege desk was also most helpful in advice, recommendations, and making reservations or just answering your general questions. Utilize their services. Both individuals were great to interact with. The only less than satisfactory problem to arise is the elevator situation. This situation only seems to arise during the weekend morning buffet hours, and late evening hours when everyone seems to come back to the hotel at the same time. The staff is aware of this situation, and is very apologetic about it and seems to have done about all it can do to rectify it. It is not the easiest job to add a couple of elevators to an existing building with very limited space. Otherwise, at all other times, there were absolutely no wait for the elevators, I would highly recommend this Residence Inn for your stay in NYC. With its perfect location, welcoming staff, most accommodating suite with no outside noise, and the terrific rate I received, you cannot get any better than this in NYC. It is the &quot;Brightest Apple&quot; in the Big Apple.	
Jul 9 2009 	This Hotel is Ideal for Everybody	This hotel is marvelous. The rooms are spacious with great views and a huge lovely shower. The bed is plush and the TV has many stations including a Broadway channel so you can see what show strikes your fancy.The morning breakfast is ridiculously good and varied, get there early and enjoy it!The staff is fast and helpful. Special thanks to Javon who was so kind and funny and made our stay that much better. The bartender was knowledgeable about her product and the surrounding area, and the maids were quiet and effective with helpful tips of their own.I would stay here again. You are close enough to the action but far away enough to have safety and peace.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent value and comfort	Normally we do not stay in hotels or at resorts, preferring to rent either an apartment, condo, house or cottage. However, I was reluctant to rent in NYC because we were only staying 4 nights and many properties required a longer stay. I turned to TripAdvisor to help find an affordable, roomy hotel that was highly recommended by travelers and all signs pointed to the Residence Inn Times Square.I went direct to the Marriott website to reserve a room and initially got a good rate of $181 per night, with our AAA discount. A few weeks later, I went back to the website and checked the rates and the same queen studio suite was now available for $167 per night. I was able to easily update our reservation and get the lower rates. I also requested an early check-in, a high-floor room and feather pillows.We arrived at the hotel shortly after 10am and were very pleased to be quickly checked into our room. We certainly didn't expect it to be available so early in the day! We were given a room on the 25th floor, toward the rear of the building. It didn't have great views, but it was very, very quiet and roomy - two things one doesn't usually expect in a midtown hotel. We were able to take a nap before heading out to shop.The location was fantastic! Right in the heart of the garment district, with Lord &amp; Taylor around the block, Macy's just a few short blocks away and 3 bead stores right across 6th Avenue. Not to mention close proximity to Times Square and a subway stop nearly at the corner. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. The one day we forgot to remove our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign, we had a message from the head of housekeeping letting us know to call the front desk if we needed any towels or supplies. We also had a call letting us know that the breakfast buffet would be more crowded on the weekend and advising us to get there early to avoid lines at both the buffet and elevators.We really appreciated having the hot breakfast buffet available, instead of having to get dressed and find a restaurant; I know that we weren't in a residential neighborhood where we might find a diner. I'm not a big fan of buffets, especially for breakfast, but the hotel does as good a job as possible.I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to any friend or family wanting comfort, quiet and convenience in midtown Manhattan.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice hotel but slow elevators	This is a nice, clean, centrally located, and reasonably priced hotel. We had no major issues during our three night stay, and enjoyed the complimentary internet access on the third floor (three computers with three printers available), great front desk service, and spacious (by NY standards) accommodations. Our only complaint during our stay was the slow elevators during 'peak' morning hours. It appears management has attempted to mollify the situation by posting signs in the elevators - at this point I'm not sure what else they can do. Patience is a virtue, but even an innocent five to seven minutes can feel like an eternity when waiting with strangers for an elevator. We did find their elevators better/faster than the elevators at Marriott Marquis in Times Square. I'd say this location deserves its high ranking on TripAdvisor, and we plan on staying again when we return to NYC next month. Just be prepared for the elevators...	
Jun 28 2009 	Best Deal in Times Square	We stayed at this hotel during the Memorial Day weekend. This hotel far exceeded our expectations. The bed was confortable. My mother- in- law and daughter slept very comfortably on the sofa bed. Breakfast was great. Room was clean. But the best part is the location. It is right across the street from Bryant Park and walking distance to Times Square and Rockefeller Plaza. My family lives in New York and I have stayed at other hotels before, but after my stay at this hotel I can honestly say that I would not stay anywhere else. Staff was great, so accomodating and friendly.	
Jun 19 2009 	Please consider getting better coffee makers	We stayed here for two weeks and were given a large room with a view of the Empire State building. Our room had a very tiny open closet that had space for maybe five hangers. Not sure if the lack of space had anything to do with the room designated as &quot;handicapped&quot; but seriously there wasn't very much shelf space either. Even in the large bathroom, there were 3 tiny shelfs that could hold only a few items. The front desk bought up a portable closet so we could hang up our clothes. The bed lamp had a burned out bulb so it didn't work the first night but was replaced as soon as I let the front desk know the next morning. My husband was getting ready to go to work and was looking forward to a cup of coffee when the machine overflowed because the lid was broken from the carafe. Housekeeping bought up another coffee maker but again the lid was broken and I had to explain that if the lid is broken it won't activate the coffee maker correctly. Another coffee maker was bought up but by the second week the lid broke off. The hair blower short circuited when I was drying my hair and shot out sparks &amp; flames causing some soot to appear on the wall. The hotel desk was quick and sent up engineers to oversee the problem and bought me up another hair blower. The next morning, the fire alarm went off in the building around 5am and I thought if we have to leave our room we will be checking out the next day. Luckily, it was a false alarm.Despite these incidents on our first 3 days of our stay here, I have to say the staff was friendly during our stay and responded quickly to these incidents.I would recommend this hotel for families and people who want to have a kitchenette. The complimentary breakfasts (the best item on the buffet is to make your own waffles) otherwise food is just ok. Hotel is a good value especially since they allow up to 3 guests per room.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location great hotel	Excellent suite hotel (with microwave &amp; refrigerator). Bed was comfortable. All the room mechanicals worked fine, including Wi-Fi. The entire hotel was clean and well maintained. Location was convenient to Times Square and the rest of mid-town. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Included breakfast was very good with a wider variety than I expected. Ecellent value for the money.	
Jun 18 2009 	An actual review (great time!)	We stayed there in April 2009 after attending a funeral in PA.This was my first trip to Manhattan and I am from California. I took my wife (an experienced NY visitor) and 4 others (I rented 3 rooms for a week) I seriously spent about 20, maybe 30 hours at night looking for the perfect hotel.I finally stumbled on the residence Inn near Bryant Park. We were right in the perfect location and it was a fantastic view. The view, that’s why it took me so long searching.We stayed on the 34th floor (everyone else got stuck in lower rooms, but I was paying)facing the Empire State Building and Macy's.The rooms have some older fixtures (80’s or 90’s) but I wanted a spotless place with the view and a lot to do. The third floor is all dedicated to families and long-term business travelers. I really like having the kitchen and I was looking forward to the NY Deli’s. The teens had one room and they stocked up on food and traveled everywhere in NY on the subway (no problems with crime) and the other couple hit the shopping mainly. I spent a lot of time looking and found that many top hotels post their own reviews or so it seems and it’s hard to find a genuine review. I could go on about the amenities and the sites nearby the hotel but I will keep it short	
Jun 16 2009	Perfect location!	My mother, sister, and I stayed here 6/11-6/14. We loved being so close to Times Square without having to deal with the crowds. Our room had an Empire State Building view and after 2 days of fog, we finally got to see it! ;-) The b-fast buffett was always plenty stocked and we liked the reminders about times when the elevator would be crowded with b-fast folks. We avoided those times and our trip was fabulous. When we asked for an extra blanket and toothbrush from the front desk, our service was prompt and courteous. We pick this hotel for the price and kitchenette, but we'll come back b/c of the service!	
Jun 14 2009 	Best Marriott Hotel near Times Square	After staying at the Marriott Marquis the last two times we visited New York, I decided to try the Residence Inn since I was looking for more space while traveling with my two teens. After being here a couple of days, I know I made the right choice and will be back at the Residence Inn! Definitely more room, love the kitchen, the comfy bed, and the soft fluffy towels. One of the best features is the buffett breakfast. Something for everyone -- eggs, sausage, potatoes, cereal, yogurt, fruit, juice, coffee, etc. This breakfast alone saves you at least $30 a day. I also had to work and went back down to the third floor after the breakfast was over. Nice decor and very quiet with wifi to log into work. Also used the fitness center - treadmills, recumbent bicycles, and ellipticals -- all with individual tv screens that you could plug your headsets into. Very convenient to get to Times Square - about a 7 minute walk. One of the best Marriott properties I've stayed at. I'd highly recommend this to anyone traveling to New York!	
Jun 9 2009 	Comfortable Beds Great Location	The Residence Inn is in a very good location for Times Square and the theater district. It is only 4 blocks north of the hotel. Macy's is 4 blocks south. There are subway stations one block away for one line and three blocks away for another line. We walked to the Minskoff Theater to see The Lion King and also to see the Good Morning America Show. We had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building and 6th Avenue (Avenue of the Americas) from our window. The beds were the most comfortable of any hotel I ever stayed in. The service was very good except we had a hard time getting extra hand towels and the telephone by the bed didn't work the whole time even though we reported it the first night. Fortunately there was a second phone in the room. There are plenty of good restaurants within easy walking distance as well. The concierge left a little to be desired as he didn't have all the information I was looking for. The front desk staff were wonderful and a lot more knowledgeable. Breakfast was good and food was plentiful if you got there early enough. Our last day we got to breakfast a bit late and most of the food was gone; there was no utensils to eat with and the place was not the cleanest and the kitchen help just didn't seem to be that interested in making sure we had some breakfast to eat. One of the table boys was very nice though and tried to get us what we wanted and needed. Otherwise, I would stay in this hotel again because of the comfort and location for visiting New York City.	
Jun 9 2009 	Really Fantastic!	We stayed at the Residence Inn on our first trip to New York in '07 &amp; it really was the cherry on top! The service was great, along with the location &amp; breakfast is just perfect.We stayed in a corner suite. The rooms have everything you need (including a full kitchen) and are a good size. I would recommend this place to anyone, it's amazing just like NYC!	
Jun 9 2009 	what a GEM! Great location and free breakfast is a bonous	Having spent all my time before going to NYC for the first time looking for a great hotel deal, I can honestly say this is a real GEM. With a five minute walk to times square it was perfect. If your like me, then you want value for money, this hotel delivers. Now I'll be honest I didn't spend all my time time in the hotel as I was in NY, I ate breakfast in the morning and returned in the evening to go to sleep. Very quit a night with a window view of the statue of liberty. The hotel staff were first glass and when asked very helpful. The rooms were clean, fresh and welcoming. If you want a great hotel on a budget to use a base for your stay in NYC then this is the one trust me. Booked on hotels.com for 3 nights for a total of £378 incl taxes. Not bad for a top ten hotel in NY, we even managed to see Obama in NY on my first visit there. There is a great deli couple of doors down for the bryant park hotel which is couple of minutes away for hotel, ask staff they will tell where to go.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Stay	We booked for two nigths but upon arrival we discovered that for the first nigth the hotel was overbooked. This was really bothersome, but Hotel Management did his best for providing us a good alternative (and really it was!). The day after we found a plate of cheese with a bottle of red wine in the room for the Hotel to apologize.The hotel is very nice, clean room, fully equipped kitchen. Wonderfull view on the Empire State Building from our room. Good location one block from Time Square.	
May 31 2009 	Overall very good with only minor complaints	Excellent location and helpful friendly staff. Very quiet on the upper floors. Complimentary breakfast is good with lots of choice and well arranged, but it helps to get there early to avoid the crowd. The rooms are small compared to other Residence Inns and the bedroom is not separated from the living room/kitchen area unfortunately. No stove in the kitchen but you can get a hotplate from housekeeping and there is a toaster if you want to have NYC bagels for breakfast. I found two small bugs in the bathroom of unknown genus--hopefully not in the bedbug family. They were easily squished putting up no resistance. Fire alarm sounded one morning at 6:00 causing some mental distress, but turned out to be false.	
May 27 2009 	Clean 	We stayed 5-24-09 &amp; 5-25-09. Arrived via Amtrak from Philly @ 11:30am. Checked bags (as it was too early to check into room), and headed to Broadway to see 2 pm matinee of HAIR. Checked in around 4:30 pm and rested up before heading down to Little Italy (via subway) for dinner. Our room was 907. No view to speak of, just large buildings under construction. The room was clean. The king size bed was comfortable and the linens were very nice. The kitchen is attractive and well-designed. We did not use it except to store some cheese and wine in the refridge. We were only 2 people so the room size was adequate for us. After returning (tired) from dinner and retiring, we were disturbed by the LOUD noises of a party coming through the ventilation system. Called the front desk and reported same. After 15-20 minutes the noise continued. Called the front desk again and was informed that another guest had reported the disturbance and it was being investigated by security and was thought to be coming from the 11th floor. After about 15 minutes, the noise stopped. It was then around 1am. The noise began again around 3 am but having already had our sleep disturbed, we were too groggy at that point to call again. ..The best thing about the free breakfast is that it's FREE! There is a wide variety of food and you would pay much more for it in a restaurant on the street. There were two minor issues in the room. 1. The TV remote was not properly programmed. 2. We had taken showers and the shower heads were great as well as the water pressure. However when I went to take a bath, threading the stopper into the drain was very difficult. When it was time to drain the water, it would not come out. My husband wrestled with it for 30 minutes and was finally successful.The 4 elevators are VERY slow as people leave breakfast (on the 3rd floor). One elevator broke down completely. We were in the lobby at the time and were led outside by a hotel service person who led us to an outdoor stair access. Climbing up to the 9th floor was arduous, as well as a bit claustrophobic as it was not a &quot;straight climb&quot;. In certain areas there were long close hallways leading to the next flight of stairs. Having arrived at our room, we prepared to leave for the day, and were again forced to use the fire escape stairs as the wait for an elevator exceeded the 15 minutes we were willing to wait.One other thing...We made reservations for a Circle Line Tour with the concierge. She told my husband the taxi fare to the pier would be &quot;around $10.00&quot;. When we went outside, the next waiting cab driver listened to where we wanted to go, however he did not seem to want us to get into his cab. Another cab pulled up and he said something to the driver. The driver agreed with my husband about the fare of $ 10.00 and took us to Pier 83. Having lived in NYC SEVERAL years ago I thought that rather strange. We were not on the meter. Would it have been less if we were (on the meter)?Hotel personnel seem polite and happy. I suppose considering the rates of other NYC hotels that this is a bargain.	
May 27 2009 	Ideal location highly recommend!	My dad, husband and I went to NYC over the Memorial Day weekend. My dad is a diabetic and has a lot of dietary constraints, so I was looking for a hotel in midtown where I could cook, and that had a kitchen and microwave. This place fit the bill. I am really really happy that we stayed here. For those who like to eat in once in a while, the kitchen is a real lifesaver. They have a full size fridge as well. We ate in 2-3 times during our stay and saved a TON of money. The room itself is very clean and nice. It isn't fancy, but it's perfectly fine. We stayed in a room that had a really comfortable queen bed and a sofa bed for my dad. There is a small kitchen and a bathroom.If you're planning to cook, make sure that you request a hot plate in advance. I requested it, they forgot about it, but they brought it right away.Breakfast is included in the price and is very good. Every morning they served a full breakfast with eggs, french toast, waffles, sausages, etc. They also had free newspapers including the WSJ and NYC. The area where breakfast is served is really nice and comfortable.The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because I felt that the front desk staff weren't the most helpful or friendly. However, whenever we called housekeeping to ask for extra pillows or for sugar, they were extremely accommodating.	
May 24 2009 	Position Position....Just where you want to be....and it had a kitchen	Yes, it had a kitchen...so great to eat in if you had a family or a tight budget.But who eats in in NY ? We ate out every night !!Best thing is this places POSITION !!Easy to go downtown or uptown. Times Square is so closeStaff were good. But the room had never been vacuumed properly (kids biscuits under windows and in corners)...but no big deal, as there is so much to do in NYC, we only came back to the room to sleep! THE BREAKFASTS (included in our rate) WERE FANTASTIC.	
May 21 2009 	Great value in the heart of midtown	I've been here twice recently, both times for business. While I was initially disappointed when I stepped into the lobby as it is pretty bare and non-descript, I quickly changed my tune. The rooms are small, but very clean and well appointed. The beds are especially comfortable and the kitchens have all you could ask for. There is a fantastic breakfast and a nice bar, complete with entertainment. The best part, however, is the location. Steps away from all the action of midtown - and the price isn't bad. I only had one issue and that was with my AC, but it was quickly resolved while i went to dinner. All in all, I think this is a pretty good value for the Big Apple.	
May 21 2009 	A very good hotel!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from the 7th until the 11 th of April 2009. Upon arrival, front desk had our information quickly so check in was done without delays. The lobby was not cozy and didn't give us a welcome feeling; but it was of a good size, very well lid and everything seemed to be in a very good condition.Rooms are not very spacious and there is very little space to organize your close. Just a few drawers and a tiny closet is all you get. Bathroom is of a very good size though. Toiletries are not good quality. Room service is quick and accurate, and the TV and tv programming are ok. The kitchen comes equiped with a microwave, a dish washer, a small stove and a large refrigerator. Also it has cups, glases, plates, cooking tools, and silver ware. Pretty much what you need to prepare a light meal. Everything looks good, without the need of repairment or remodeling. Fairly new I would say. Rooms are very quiet, you can't hear a thing.Just a few minutes after we got into our room, a personnel came with two down pillows as we requested (we didn't have to remind anyone of this request made through the internet with the reservation). Overall service is very good. There are two concierges, and they are both very good (a lady and a gentleman). Don't hesitate to ask them about any place you would like to go. They know a lot, specially about broadway plays and restaurants around the area. They recommended a very good italian cuisine restaurant called Arno. A very good suggestion. The hotel offers breakfast every morning and it's complimentary. It's not a great breakfast, but it is fairly good and for the price there is nothing to complaint about (maybe variety). The offer free internet access through a wireless network. The best thing about the hotel is location, and I doubt you can get something better for the price. The hotel is located on the Avenue of the Americas, Ryan park is a half a block away. Times Square is about 4 to 5 blocks from the hotel (not right by, but within a 8 minutes walk). Fifth Avenue is just one block away, and you have several metro stations within a 5 to 10 minutes walk. From there you can get to any where in new york. The Empire State is about a 10 minutes walk. The Theater District is about 10 minutes walk, so you can leave the hotel 20 to 25 minutes before the scheduled time of your play, which is very convenient. Try some of the good restaurants within the Theater District, there are plenty of them lined up one after the other on the same street (we went to Brazil Brazil, and it was fairly good, a little expensive though). If you like cuban cuisine, don't miss Havana in one of the adjacent streets of Times Square (they have live latin music at night). Very good environment there!There are a lot of convenience stores and small supermarkets and delis around the hotel. I'd recommend that you buy some groceries to prepare yourself a light meal once in a while. Nothing to complaint about this hotel. You get more that what you pay for, so it's a good value hotel for New York standards.	
May 11 2009 	Great hotel in downtown NYC	This was the perfect place for my stay in New York with my teenage daughter. We were close to everything. The location is just enough steps away from Times Square to be removed, yet just enough to get right into the middle of things. Our room was clean and a good size for NYC. The staff was wonderful, very friendly and helpful. The valet parking for the garage was fantastic. Check in and check out were smooth and easy. If we ever head to New York again we'll stay here for sure.	
May 6 2009 	Great location - friendly staff	I was concerned about the location, 39th &amp; 6th, but it turned out to be perfect. Close enough to transportation if needed as well as withing walking distance to popular visitor locations. The staff was extremely helpful and quick to respond to our requests.The third floor is a nicce quite spot to relax and get away from the 'hustle &amp; bustle' of the city.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Location - Good Price - Clean New Rooms - Breakfast Included	Arrived 4-24-09 at 10am. Room wasn't yet available (it was a bit early!), but we were checked in, and after a walk and lunch, we got into our room just after 1pm. I had requested a high floor and they put us at the top! We faced north on the 34th floor, so looked out over Bryant Park (great place to sit with a takeaway lunch). Everything about the room was great, though the shower didn't drain well our first morning. To their credit, the problem had been fixed by the time we returned in late afternoon. Location is great --close to Times Square, shopping, subway, etc. Rate seemed reasonable for NY standards (especially with breakfast included) at $199/night plus taxes. It's a newer hotel so everything just seemed so neat and clean. Breakfast is very good (included) with hot and cold items, lots to choose from. Elevators can be slow during peak breakfast times on weekends, but we were early birds so never really had any problem. The third floor where breakfast is located also hosts several little seating nooks and comfy spots to sit and relax any time of the day, plus there are nice restrooms on that floor (and apparently a pool table, though I never actually went looking for it). We had a king bed and sofa bed for three female adults. Very comfy,though we all agreed an extra chair in the room would have been perfect. Our room had a full kitchen (fridge, stove, dishwasher, cookware, crockery), but we weren't there for a long stay so only used the fridge for wine and cheese. Would highly recommend staying here.	
Apr 29 2009 	Terrific Hotel	Stayed for two nights. This hotel is great. Excellent location, comfortable rooms, good service, and an overall terrific stay at a very reasonable price. Particularly enjoyed the complimentary breakfast buffet. The first morning the pancakes were so good that I wanted some more the next morning. Unfortunately, they were not serving them again the next day. If something as trivial as that is the only negative, then it was a pretty good stay. I know others who have stayed there and they agree it is one of the best values around. Will definitely go back.	
Apr 29 2009 	Am I the only person on earth that does NOT rate this hotel???	Have found TripAdvisor reliable for a couple of years now and rarely disappointed by highly rated establishments but was on this occasion. Maybe we paid over the odds but I felt that our 4 night stay was NOT value for money! We paid approx average of $370/£253 per night....could do a lot better in most world cities for that price am sure.....can't help feeling could also have done a lot better in NY! Positives: location in Midtown (handy for Times Sq; Main train stations etc.); bed comfortable; quiet; staff very helpful and responsive. Negatives: Room size not large (and understand that we had a larger room as there were 3 of us; but understand NY rooms are generally small); bathroom in need of redecoration; breakfast uninspiring but plentiful althought I would hardly call it complimentary when considering the overall cost!; found pair of dirty pants under bed (not ours!) on leaving!!!; 2 light bulbs not working; security lock broken and unuseable (housekeeping staff were very responsive but did not trouble them re the last 2 items). Could have certainly got 4* hotel at least £100 per night cheaper on hotwire.com (which only discovered after we had left) although you don't learn which hotel until you make the booking. So all in all, not bad as such but just felt that we got poor value for money. Will certainly try somewhere else next time.	
Apr 23 2009 	Best hotel in midtown!	This is, hands down, the best midtown hotel I've stayed in. The rooms are immaculate, the complimentary breakfast is superb, and our floor was extremely quiet. Safe and easy to access location, easy walk to Penn Station or Grand Central. Would definitely stay here in the future.	
Apr 23 2009 	We all wanted to stay and live there!	This was such a great travel experience that a year later I'm thinking about it and wishing I was back there!! The location was super convenient to everything. Lovely location near Bryant Park, a quick walk to Times Square, FIfth Avenue, Central Park and Upper West Side, and a straight shot downtown as well. On two nights we had four in the room, two in the double bed and two on the foldout couch and we didn't feel cramped. Having the kitchenette was amazing as we could have the option of doing breakfast in the room (though the free breakfasts were incredible) or takeout and it was easy to keep snacks and juices, etc., on hand. The floor where breakfasts and evening snacks are served looks like a cozy library, broken up into smaller areas with comfy furniture and a really nice vibe. NY Times available in the mornings if you don't sleep too late, too!! My sister, who works in the city, was wishing she could find a little apartment JUST LIKE this hotel room. Have also stayed at the Marriott Marquis, which had lovely rooms and right on Times Square, but the amenities here and the kitchenette made us all feel much more at home.	
Apr 20 2009 	EXCELLENT Customer Service...Will definitely return!!	WOW!!!! I am very impressed on the customer service!!!! Unbelievable...the employees/staff LOVE their job and was sincerely amazingly courteous/willing to assist us!!! Room was clean...still can't believe how they truly care!!! You don't find that in too many places	
Apr 15 2009	good stay and good time	my atay at the residence inn was wonderfull, great attentive staff with a clean room . I loved the fitness center and was impressed how prompt housekeeping was when i called the front desk for some trash bags and within minutes they were knocking on my door with them. To park your vehicle in their garrage was a little pricey, but that was my only gripe. Loved it and will go back.	
Apr 15 2009 	Overall a good not great experience	When I made my reservation I asked for adjoining rooms. I was travelling with my husband, young daughter and my elderly mother. I was told they would not guarantee adjoining rooms but assured me the rooms would be on the same floor in close proximity. We arrived at approx. 1:00pm and one room was ready the other was not. We were allowed to check in early to the room that was ready and we were told to come back after 4:00pm to check into the other room. Around 5:30pm I phoned the hotel to tell them I would not be back to the hotel until around 8:00pm and they assured me my other room was ready and it would not be assigned to someone else. When I arrived at approx. 8:00pm I was given a room 6 floors apart from the room we had already checked into. I spoke with the manager Monique. Monique was rude and condescending. She told me that there were not any rooms on the same floor available. I explained how I called earlier and I was told the room was ready on the same floor and that I was assured that the room would not be given to someone else. She said there was nothing else she could do that they were giving me a complimentary upgrade in the room 6 floors away from the other room. This was a MAJOR inconvenience for us. I was very disappointed especially about how I was spoken to by Monique. Besides Monique the experience was overall good. The rooms were comfortable, the breakfast was great, the location was conveinent and the remainder of the staff was overall friendly.	
Apr 5 2009 	Best deal in NYC!	This hotel doesn't appear to be amazing from the lobby, which is rather small. However, don't let first impressions deter you from staying here! We loved staying at the Residence Inn! We had reserved two rooms for six of us and they asked us if we'd prefer to be in a two-bedrooms suite, which was wonderful. There were two very large bedrooms (each with own bath) with a completely separate living room between them with a sofabed. Also a nice kitchen and full-size refrigerator! The touches to make it more like home are so nice (huge lounge area, wonderful breakfast,afternoon snacks). Plus free wireless high speed internet was nice to have. I'm not sure why this is considered &quot;Times Square&quot; because it is actually a ten-minute walk from the center of Times Square. We loved the area -- lots of bead/jewelry shops (6th Ave.) and other great shopping as well (Macys, Herald Square, etc.). It is very close to Madison Square Garden and Penn Station, too. We actually preferred this location, being closer to midtown, over Times Square. Our room was extremely clean and very spacious. The Residence Inn will be our place to stay for future trips to the city!	
Mar 22 2009 	We will be back.	This is a friendly, clean hotel in an excellent location. You can easily walk to 5th Avenue or Times Square. The staff were helpful and polite at all times. We had a one bedroom suite with a kitchen which was handy. Try not to get one with an adjoining room. We were fine for the first four days with the quiet family was next door, but on the 5th day the loud family moved in. We could hear them clearly..too clearly. Thankfrully, they went to bed early. We did not make this an issue with the hotel. These people were just loud.The hotel advertises a light snack from Monday through Wednesday, but they actually offered more of a light dinner e.g. pasta, BBQ chicken, soup and salad. Fruit was available as well as iced tea, lemonade, coffee and tea.The breakfast buffet was fine with all the standard offerings .Our daughter enjoyed making her own waffle.We would stay here again without hesitation.	
Mar 19 2009 	Just like being home	My daughter and I spent 6 nights at this hotel last week. It was everything the rest of the reviews said it would be. The breakfasts were great as I have to have breakfast 20 minutes after I get up or I get cranky :) My daughter is in a wheelchair and their accessible room was fabulous. The only thing we struggled with was the front door as you had to put in your card to get in and trying to manoeuvre the chair at the same time was hard. Then I learned to look in the window and flag the doorman to open the door for us. We walked home from Broadway shows (from 50 and 51st street) and felt perfectly safe. And the bed - oh the bed - it was difficult to get up in the morning - it was soooooooooooo comfortable.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent bang for your buck	My fiance and I stayed here for a weekend getaway using Marriott reward points. We were in a Studio king room on the 6th floor. Because of the price and location and the fact it had a kitchenette I had to give this place 4 Stars however there were a few minor issues.PROS-Excellent bang for your buck!!!! The room would have cost $259/night if we weren't on a reward stay. This is a fantastic deal for what was provided.-Location could not be better!!!! Close to Macy's, Times Square and Bryant Park. -Breakfast included with a good selection-Kitchenette stocked with plates, utensils, pots, dishes, a huge fridge etc. More counter space than most NYC studio apartments-Small but sufficient bathroom with bath supplies-Comfortable King sized bed-Nice sized closet space-Overall spacious room-Nice sized flat screen TV CONS-We didn't have a very nice view but I imagine that all reward stays are put in the least desirable location. -The toilet paper dispenser was broken- No dish soap in the kitchen-Someone's snot rag was left on the floor upon arrival-The hair dryer was broken - We encountered one unfriendly staff member. At 9am on the day of check out, the maid was knocking on our door and asked &quot;When are you leaving&quot; in a stern and unfriendly tone. I thought that this was strange considering we had till 11am to check out.-Slow as molasses elevators-TV could have had more channels and movie selections	
Mar 10 2009 	would defo go back to this hotel!	wow, this was evertyhing we expected and more. Just came home from a weeks stay at this hotel. I have no complaints at all, everything was perfect from check in, to room on 30th floor looking over bryant park and view of rockefeller. There was entrance to subway not even 1 min away.Hotel was just round corner from times square one way and fifth avenue the other. This is a perfect location right in the middle of everything. The housekeeping left notes every day to thank for tips which made it that bit more personal. The bathroom also had bath which was great after a full day walking. Didnt use kitchen facilities much but was great having them. Free computer access was brilliant as had to check flights when snow was really bad, and printing was free! Overall thumbs up for this hotel. Only thing was there was no bacon with the free breakfast and the sausage was a lilttle spicy and that was the only meat available!	
Mar 2 2009 	Another Great Stay	We've stayed here before, and this hotel continues to be one of the best bargains in NYC. My husband, 14-year-old daughter, and I stayed for two nights so we could see a couple of shows and concerts.We booked a great rate on the Marriott website, and on the day we were to arrive I checked the website to see how full the hotel was. Lo and behold, the rate had been lowered! I contacted the hotel and Damien at the front desk put me in touch with reservations, who lowered my rate with no questions asked. I also spoke to Damien about the type of room we wanted, so that when we walked in the door a few hours later Damien had the type we wanted all ready for us. Front desk service continued to be outstanding throughout our stay.Our room was spotless and we had a great view. Our daughter slept in the pull-out sofa and had no complaints. We really enjoyed the convenience of the breakfast, especially since we could bring food upstairs for our daughter, who slept in. The kitchen in the room is perfect for heating up leftovers - you can save on food costs easily.Again, the location is outstanding - you are right near the subway and bus stops, and only a few blocks from Times Square and Grand Central Station.	
Feb 18 2009 	Everything you'd want in a Marriott and more.	I'm a Marriott Platinum member so I'm used to being given some perks but I have to say the Marriott RI by Times Square was perhaps the best treatment I've received at any Marriott. The front desk ensured I got the room I wanted and continued to check on me. The one review mentioning the fact the staff remembers your name – it’s true. The rooms, although a little small for a RI were quiet and the views terrific. Yes, the elevators are crowed as is breakfast during peak hours but show 15 minutes early and its all good. It's close enough to many locations but far enough from Times Square. A good place to stay. And, free breakfast sure beats the $50 you have to pay at a local restaurant. Only bad thing, the concierge didn’t seem to want to be bothered by me and my son asking questions.	
Feb 13 2009	Home Touch	Excellent location. Quite busy during X'mas/New Year Holidays. That meant we had to wait a bit longer for the elevator and wait for a table for breakfast. Breakfast is complimentary, so no complaint for the paper plates and plastic cutlery. During weekdays, a complimentary light dinner is provided. Salad, soups, and pretzles and cookies straight from the oven. As the slogan says &quot;Home Touch&quot;, it really makes us feel very much at home after a tiring day.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great location great price great experience	I found this hotel thanks to other reviews on TripAdvisor and as a result of having had good experiences at other Marriott Residence Inns. We were delighted with this place, The staff was friendly &amp; helpful and gave us a room with a great view of the Empire State Bldg. The room was big by NYC standards, and since it's a new hotel it was in excellent shape and modern. Since it is a Residence Inn, it had a kitchen and real storage in the bathroom--instead of the usual hotel sink surround, it had once with four drawers, which is great for people like me who travel with beaucoup cosmetics &amp; stuff. Our good price may have been due to hotels' need to get guests in this miserable economy, but it was a good price indeed and included a hot buffet breakfast and a pleasant place in which to eat it. The hotel was close enough to Penn Station for us to walk to and from and thus save two cab fares, and of course it was close to a lot of great things to see and do. Next time we go to NYC, we wd happily stay here again.	
Feb 1 2009 	Beautiful room WITH a kitchen	I stayed here for 2 weeknights in January while on a vacation to New York. I booked a room through the hotel's web site and got an excellent rate by prepaying for the entire stay.I arrived early and was able to check into my room at noon. The room had a sofa, queen size bed, and a small kitchen area which was fully stocked with utensils, glasses, plates, crock pot, dishwasher, refrigerator/freezer, and the kitchen sink. I thought the room was large for a New York hotel room, although I wouldn't want to have more than 2 people in the room. The sofa supposedly folded out into another bed to accomodate more than 2 people. Everything was spotless, and the view was nice. I looked right out my window at the Empire State Building!Breakfast is complimentary, and the buffet includes the usual - eggs, pancakes, sausage, a selection of cereals and pastries. There was fresh fruit (bananas, apples) and canned fruit (peaches, pears) available. There was plenty of seating available around breakfast time, and each room had a television with the morning news on. One night there was even a complimentary dinner with hot dogs, sauerkraut, baked beans, and salad.Overall, I had a great time. I was surprised at how inexpensive this hotel was, given its proximity to Times Square. I would definitely return!	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Residence Inn for 4 nights having booked our stay via the Marriott central reservation centre. When we booked our stay we did encounter some problems regarding the price quoted and what we were charged, which we weren’t happy with. However, upon arriving at the hotel we were advised that consequentially the hotel manager Gwen had upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite on the 32nd floor with a view of the Empire State Building - we thought this was fantastic service considering the problem with the booking was the fault of central reservations (who did nothing) and not the hotel. The room itself was really spacious and the view was great. The complementary breakfast was good with lots of choice and there was also free internet access. The location of the hotel was really good, a short walk to the Empire State Building, Time Square and 5th Avenue. To go further afield (Statue of Liberty, Wall Street etc) we bought tickets for the red bus tour which we could use for 72 hours and found these to be really good value. Overall, we had a really good stay at the Residence Inn and would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 17 2009 	Fab hotel	We (myself, husband and 3 teenagers) arrived on Christmas Eve at 1pm for our 7 night trip. 1 room was ready so that we were able to drop our luggage and start exploring. The check in staff were very helpful and polite. The other room was ready in a couple of hours, which was still before the 4pm check in. The rooms were perfect. Very comfy beds. The sofa beds are probably only suitable for younger children. The rooms had a jar of sweeties on arrival and pack of popcorn which were replenished throughout our stay. Coffee, tea etc was also provided. Housekeeping was very good and we always came back to a nicely made up room. Sound proofing was excellent - we were on the 19th floor with partial views of Bryant Park. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Times Square.The breakfast was excellent and the lounge a very nice place to relax.The free computers in the lounge were also very useful as they also had a printer which enabled us to print off boarding passes and directions, tourist attractions etc.We also attended one of the social evenings where everyone is invited to the louge for a free light meal which consisted of 2 choices of pasta, garlic bread and caeser salad along with soft drinks. The food was freshly cooked and tasted delicious.Check out was very smooth - with the bill being dropped under our door on the morning of check out which meant we only had to hand in the room keycard on leaving.Would definately recommend this hotel to all typesof travellers. All staff we met were very polite, helpful, and smiling (even on Christmas Day - where i'm sure they would have rahter been at home with their own families).	
Jan 15 2009 	Loved the residence inn	Me and my husband visited Residence Inn, in New York City, from December 26 to December 30th. We loved that hotel. It's close to everything but at the same far away so you don't have all the lights of times squares in your room. We had a view of the empire state building. It's 5 min walk from the public library and fifth avenue. 3 blocks from the empire state building and about 20 min from grand central station and the chrysler building.For people that want to eat more in their room you can do it. There is a fridge, a microwave and a dishwasher. They even can do your groceries if you want. The room was pretty big for New York. The bed was so nice we didn't want to get up in the morning. They have a full breakfast included. Don't wait till the last minute to go eat because they're was always a huge lign up. The only negative thing is that you can wait a long time for elevator between 8 and 10h; the time of the breakfast. Beside that I recommend it to anyone.Tips:If you want to order some food call Ray's Pizza.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great experience	We stayed here for 5 nights before and including New Years Eve. Could not have been better! The hotel was clean, the staff terrific and the location is the best.Walking distance to almost everything! And close to subways for the south end or north end of Manhattan. Bryant Park, across the street had a great little fair going on with ice skating, shops, and food vendors the first 3 days of our stay.The breakfasts were very good, included cereal, oatmeal, muffins, bagels, toast, eggs, sausauge, pancakes, fried potatoes, fruit, yogurt, juice, soda, coffee, tea. The breakfast area was large, clean and very comfortable. As the area got crowded, they opened new rooms to accomodate more people.Elevator waits were minimal. Yes, we waited a few times for maybe 3-4 minutes or for a second elevator, but overall not an issue.We had 2 rooms on the 29th floor, one overlooking Bryant Park and the other overlooking the Empire State Building. Both had a great king size bed, kitchen area, smallish bath, and sofa bed. My 12 yr old son did not complain out his sofa bed and neither did my 13 yr old niece in the other room.When we arrived at 1:30 PM our room was not ready, however they kept our bags and we went out to investigate the city. When we returned at 3:05 PM rooms were ready.The staff at the front desk, breakfast area and elevators could not have been friendlier or nicer. They do a fantastic job. On New Years Eve as we returned, we were asked to show our room keys to identify us as guests before going upstairs ~ a nice safety touch, I thought. All in all a fantastic place to stay!	
Jan 5 2009 	Didn't Disappoint!!	I just got back from our stay at the Residence Inn Times Square. I booked two rooms via the Marriott website and got a pretty good deal considering we were staying over the New Yrs holiday. Both rooms had a king size bed and a sofa bed. I have nothing but great things to say about our entire experience at this hotel. Check-in was a breeze. They put us (my husband &amp; I) on the 22nd floor in a room right next to my mother &amp; sisters-in-laws. The rooms were a good size considering NY standards. The bed was SO comfortable it was hard to get up out of it in the morning. The kitchen came in handy as we were able to place leftovers in the fridge and heat them up later in the microwave. I loved that there was free wireless internet access in the room. We ate at the buffett breakfast three times and there was a wide variety of choices. The staff was very nice, with the exception of the concierge. The location was perfect, a great place for exploring all areas of the city. The Bryant Park subway was only about a block away and the Times Square Station was only about a 5 min walk, if that. On New Yrs Eve we were able to stand on the corner of 42nd and 6th Ave and see the ball drop then only had a short walk back to the hotel. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to others. Overall a great experience.	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice stay at Residence Inn	Our family of seven arrived on December 30th and were warmly received by front desk staff. When they found out it was our first visit to NYC, we were given a welcome gift with goodies, drinks, wine, and tourist info. The staff always greeted us when we were coming and going. The hotel is convenient for sight-seeing in NYC especially Times Square, Broadway, Empire State Bldg, Rockefeller Plaza, Macys, etc. Subway nearby to travel to Central Park, Ground Zero, Wall Street, Little Italy, and Chinatown. We also were only two blocks away to see the Times Square ball drop New Year's Eve. Nice spread for breakfast. Coffee and tea available all the time. Rooms very clean. Kids complained that sofa sleeper uncomfortable but I haven't met one yet that is comfortable. They're young so could handle it.	
Jan 4 2009 	Love Love LOVED it	We stayed here from 28 December 2008 to 2 Janurary 2009 to celebrate my 30th birthday and having read the very postitive reviews on trip advisor before we booked I was not disappointed when we arrived!Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was a good size, it was very clean and had a great view of the empire state building. The bed was large and extremely comfortable!Breakfast was very good and FREE - unusual in NYC! Go early though, cos it does get very busy and the elevators are a nightmare if you go any later than 9am! Location is perfect you are only a short walk from the Empire State Building, Maceys, Times Square, Bryant Park and Rockafella Centre!On 6th Avenue there are a number of eateries which are very handy! Stay away from any Irish bars/restaurants in that area tho...boy the food is woeful in those places! Suppose its our own fault for trying to stick to what we k now, but given it was New Years everywhere else was heaving with people at least 1.5 hr wait in most restaurants. We did go to the Carnegie Deli on 7th Avenue it was a bit of a hike but the sandwiches were good, although massive, Their strawberry cheesecake is to die for!Security in the hotel is good, there is a large police presence in the area and there were always a few cops in the lounge area of the hotel. Whether this was because the lounge had free tea and coffee on offer all day... I'll let you decide!!!Overall we had a great stay at the Marriott Residence Inn and would stay there again!	
Dec 31 2008	first class	Visited New York with my husband and daughter as their christmas gift from me, we travelled on christmas day. Arriving very late at the hotel we where met by very welcoming staff, our room 3310 had amazing views of the Empire State. the room had a King size bed with a sofa bed, (the only fault with the sofa bed which our daughter slept on it was not long enough and she had to sleep crossways on the bed, and not that comfortable) she managed as we walked most of the day and she was wrecked. well situated for most of the sites. If you want to visit the Empire State and Liberty Island make sure you are there for the ticket office opening or you could be there all day or not see at all. Sex in the City tour very good and worth the money (cheaper to book from the UK) cab fare from JFK $50 including toll (pick cab up from proper pick up point outside of airport). Roxy diner in Times Square is amazing value (did not know if i should climb it, eat it or stick a flag on it) and the Olive Garden in Times Square different but just as good. best to walk around Central Park than get the carriage as you miss so much we walked for about three hours. Visited the Dakota building off Central Park and make sure you visit Strawberry Fields in Central Park. lots of lovely friendly squirrels around the park. Walk around Little Italy and China Town and there is the lower east side which has a museum for tenement buildings but once again get there early to book a guided tour. plenty on but go very quickly. hop on hop off bus is a must around down town and uptown Manhattan and Brooklyn and we also got on the Staten Island ferry which is every 30 minutes and is free avoid going peak times as people travel to work and back on it. If you want to go to a Broadway show book at home as you have to queue for tickets and by the time you get to the front the show is sold out unless you want to pay lots of money for a show you do not really want to see. Back to the Residence Inn, check out is very good and you can leave your luggage and collect when you are ready. breakfast is very good for setting you up for the day only minus was there could have been more healthy options such as fresh fruit and water. The lift is not the quickest especially at breakfast times. All in all the stay was very good for the price and I would not hesitate staying again.	
Dec 31 2008 	We had a great time at the Residence Inn	We had such a great time at the Residence Inn. The staff was very courteous. We asked for a room with a view and they immediately upgraded us to one with a view of the empire state building. The room was clean and had everything we would need in the kitchenette.We had a 15 month old with us so found the location very convenient, that we could come back to the room after having been out for a few hours and get some rest.The bed was comfortable and there was no carry over of noise from the adjacent rooms.Breakfast was excellent. We would definitely stay here if we were to visit New York again.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great hotel great location.	Great hotel. Staff very friendly. Concierge, Judy, very helpful. We arrived prior to check in time so there wasn't a room ready. They blocked a great room for us on the corner of the 30th floor. Fantastic view down 6th avenue. Would definitely return to this hotel for our next NYC visit!	
Dec 30 2008 	Loved everything about it......	I took a quick trip with the Mr. last night,12/29. We only stayed one night. I can't say enough about the Residence Inn Marriott Times Square. Regina was at the front desk and she was outstanding. Helpful,pleasant,smiling! Howell was also at the front desk. He helped us find a nice restaurant for dinner and gave us several back up choices in case we changed out minds.Both of these people were full of information and eager to help us out. The room was spotless. The bed and linens were the best I have ever slept on,and I've been a few places! We took advantage of the free hot breakfast in the a.m. Get there early on busy weekdays and weekends. It was a bit crowded this morning,but it was over the holidays........Eggs,homefries,pastries,cereal..........yum! The location is perfect. We walked to Times Square and several other places,no sweat. We did have a bit of bad luck at the end,though no fault whatsoever of the Marriott. Our car was brought around by the Valet Staff and after loading up and trying to drive away,imagine our dismay to find our car would not start!!!!! Miday traffic,day before New Years Eve......stuck out in the road. The staff said NO problem........lets see if we can get some help for you. The valet guy brought his own car around and gave us a jump and within 15 mins. we were on our way! I just can't say enough about our stay. From begining to end,a great time. I plan on writing to Marriott the old fashion way to let them know how wondeful this place is! Oh and the price was right too!!	
Dec 24 2008 	Read this before you stay!	First off, I just want to thank the Residence Inn for an incredible New York City stay. The hotel REALLY makes the stay; whether it be just a base or to stay for hours and hours on end. My wife and 2 daughters and I stayed here for a 3-night trip for a little getaway before XMAS. We were welcomed by such a friendly doorman that brought our luggage in and really made us look forward to what is IN the hotel's doors.The lobby is small but quaint, the service incredible and the concierge very nice.There is a lower lobby that is also a place to spend time and even nicer, a 3rd floor lobby that is not public and YOU WILL LOVE THAT!!!! Unlike the Waldorf-Astoria whic has an incredible lobby but is public and homeless can even walk in.... It is private, has a bar, has 3 free computers and 3 free printers. There is free wiFi in the rooms which is sooo convenient!!!!! The rooms are incredibly spacious, even by Hawaiin standards which know are supposed to be big rooms... By new york standards they are HUGE!!!!!! They have a full kitchen and the bathrooms are huge! There is a flat screen tv which is rotate-able and very big! great sound system! So clean and so spotless I really thought I was the first person to stay in the room, and I am SO picky!Now, for the location:-Absolutely perfect!-Not in the center of when you walk outside, you will get run over.. But so close to everything that you can walk to anything, from a broadway show or to get some hot roasted nuts on the street.-so close to the metro-there is bryant park which has a ice skating rink and little shops that are great!-SO close to any restaurant that you want to go to, whether it be Chinese food or Italian or Siberian cuisine!THERE is SO much to write about but I don't have enough time!!!! :)Now for the safety (very important to me):-SO safe location , I would let my daughters go out and go to the deli right by the hotel by themselves or even go to times square by themselves (which is sooo close as well!)-SUCH a safe hotel, there is security on guard 24/7 and you must insert your room key to get to your floor which is such a great feature unlike some hotels where you can just walk in and go to any floor and arrive at anyones door.....Extras:-Ive read some reviews about how the walls are paper thin, well I didn't hear a thing and I was only on the 9th floor. (we had two rooms- a corner room and one that was 1 room beside it)-the elvators were very fast! except one time but that was because it was rush hour but its not like it took hours, maybe 3 or 4 min that ONE time but every other time was under a min!!!!We really enjoyed this experience, and though all the shows were great and the food was immaculate, I thought the hotel MADE this trip. We looked forward to every time coming back to the hotel, even for a few minutes.	
Dec 23 2008	This place is GREAT!	My daughter and I just returned from a brief stay at the Residence Inn Times Square. Perfect location, very nice staff, plus a complimentary hot breakfast buffet from 6:30 - 9:30 AM. Also, on certain weeknights they have complimentary evening snacks that could easily serve as a light meal for children or for adults who may be heading to the theatre and planning a late dinner. This all adds up to a GREAT bargain, considering the food prices in NYC, easily saving 2 people $40 per day. I felt I paid a fair price for the room at $175 during Christmas week! I paid much more earlier this month at the Affinia Dumont on 34th St. and found it less convenient all around. You will not be disappointed with the Residence Inn.	
Dec 10 2008 	Great Stay	I write a lot of reviews and there are a lot of reviews written about this hotel so I will be short and sweet.Great location as it is &quot;just&quot; out of Times Square and you get away from the noise and traffic.Great room w/ teenagers. Stayed on an upper floor and heard no noise.Clean, clean, clean.Breakfast buffet was GREAT. Lots of food, helpful people. Comfortable chairs and sitting areas, newspapers galore.Bar was small and cozy. Famour actor from Con Air was at the bar.Restaurants and shopping all w/in blocks.Bellman, parking valet and front desk were superb w/ help for directions, eateries and getting out of NYC.	
Dec 6 2008 	Thanksgiving in New York great location	My partner and I (who live in England) booked this break in NYC over Thanksgiving and ended up meeting my parents for the holidays (they live in Texas.) We spent a lot of time researching the best Marriott to stay in whilst in NYC (I am a Silver Rewards member so wanted the points!) and were glad we choose this one. We arrived on Wed evening about 6pm. Thankfully, the hotel puts on a complementary light 'social' buffet on a Mon, Tues, Wed from 6pm - 7.30pm and we were grateful for a hot buffet of chicken wings, mac cheese, ceasar salad and unlimited soft drinks. It was busy but there is plenty of seating and the staff kept food/drinks topped up. The same location is used every morning for Breakfast, and they do a great hot/cold breakfast with the works (breakfast is included in all room rates.) Also 24 hours the Lounge serves hot drinks (tea in a whole variety of flavours and coffee and occassionally hot chocolate) but NO softdrinks (rather unfortunate if you travel with little ones or in the summer!) Alternatively, if we returned back to the hotel during the day for lunch with my family, we sometimes brought it in with us and would eat it in the lounge with complementary tea/coffee rather than go straight up to our room. The following day was Thanksgiving and the hotel is in a PERFECT spot if you want to view the Macy's parade. Step out the doors of the hotel, turn left and left on to 39th St and that same block it crosses Broadway. 1 minute after leaving the hotel, we were stood on the corner (got there about 745am) with a fantastic view up against the barriers. No point in walking any further up!The hotel advertises having complimentary internet access in your room, but we didnt bother bringing our laptops. They have 3 computers in the lounge for guests to use, which was fine for what we needed them for. They do have a safe in the room for valuables, but unlike some hotels, I wouldnt not be able to fit my lap top in there so was glad I didnt bring it.Our room, 3002, was really nice. The view was fantastic and was great for when we wanted a break back at the hotel. There was plenty of room for the 4 of us adults to sit comfortably and socialise or to bring back some food (there is a great deli on the corner by the hotel, I believe it was called Bryants Deli.) The sofa was great for having our guests to sit down, as well as the table/bar area in the kitchenette for eating. As a tip, if you want a softdrink during the day, take a spare back up to the room with you after you have breakfast and keep it in the fridge and buy some bottled water from the Deli. Our only complaint, as with many other reviewers, was the tiny bathroom. Yes it was small, but to be fair, it does the job. It has a tub and nice shower, but its a bathroom for one at a time and i could imagine if you were traveling with young children it would be hard work bathing them! Our only complaint was when we arrived. Although we had booked our hotel some 5 months previous, and I am a silver rewards member, none of my requests for our room was noted and I was very dissapointed. We requested a high floor room bc of noise (the hotel has 34 floors) and originally we were put on the 5th floor! We complained, and the lady at the front desk was appologetic and said we could move rooms the following day when one became available. She suggested if we had specific room requests it is worth phoning the hotel in advance to ensure they are met, which made making the request on the Marriott website extremely pointless. NOTE TO OTHER MARRIOTT REWARD users - staff at this hotel do not pay any attention to any requests you note on your web account!!!!!!!! Phone before you arrive! Another complaint is the elevators, there just are not enough for such a big hotel and often during peak times you wait ages. Advantage of being on the 30th floor was that you got in before it was full. On the lower floors, families with suitcases trying to get down to the lobby to check out or down to breakfast probably had to wait for quite a while!!! In all fairness, our original room on the 5th floor was not very noisy. Possibly because it was overlooking the side streets rather than the main road (Avenue of the Americas.) Also this room actually did have a normal sized bathroom! Our bathroom on the 30th floor was half the size, so it must depend on what 'side' of the hotel you are on and how your room is organised. Personally, the view on the 30th floor was so fantastic I didnt care too much about the small bathroom! The location for this hotel was perfect for us. You can easily walk up to Rockefeller Plaza, up 5th Avenue, or down to the Empire States Building and Macy's. If you dont mind walking, then Bloomingdales and Central Park are easy to get to as well. If you are too tired (or pregnant like I was!) you might prefer to walk up, then get a taxi back (for about $5 - 7, depending on traffic!) Because it is a couple blocks from Times Square, you dont get all the noise all night. There is a Marriott in Times Square that we walked past, but I would recommend this hotel over that one, unless you like walking through crowds everytime you leave your hotel or enjoy noise 24/7! At just 2 blocks away, the Residence Inn was much more relaxed and had local deli's, local Irish pubs to eat at in the evening (cheaper, quiet, less crazy alternative to big chains like Applebees or TGI Fridays!) and plenty of cafes/coffee shops.	
Nov 21 2008	Loved this hotel	This hotel is a true gem , I visited with my mum and sister in law between Nov 5 - 10 ,2008. The main purpose of our trip was shopping /girls trip . After a tiring flight from Ireland we were not disappointed. It met my expectations completely. -Loved the location, had a view of the empire state building from my room, loved the self catering facilities ( there is a great deli across the road - amazing sandwichs, salads, wine, healthy ,tasty stuff etc- very reasonable and the room has all the cutlery , glasses etc so you dont even have to go out spending huge money on dinner if you prefer to stay in with a lite bite ( as we did one of the nights after a tiring day of shopping).- Loved the breakfast - I am not into fried breakfasts , but they had fruit, hot oatmeal, etc - something for everyone basically.- I was very impressed with the service - whenever I asked for anything it was delivered to the room pronto - my dealings with staff were very courteous and helpful at all times.- Loved the fact that Macys is only a 7 minute walk ( as I love this store)- Rooms very clean, comfortable and ticked all the boxes ( they are smallish but I totally expected this as i have been to NY before.To sum up I have told all my friends and family about this hotel - we will not be even entertaining the thoughts of another hotel on future visits to NY.....as taking into account the cost , location, service etc I would just be disappointed if I went anywhere else.One thing that may not suit others is that they do not have room service, and the bar is small in the hotel - but its a residence inn and I am sure you should know that on booking anyway.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Place	After reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor and seeing it ranked #10 in NYC, I was really looking forward to staying here. And I believe it was right on the money.I certainly don't want to repeat everything that's been said it 400+ reviews, but I'll make a few main points:-The location is superb for business or pleasure. Just a short skip to Times Square and all the public transportation just a block away. Beautiful (esp. in summer) Bryant Park is just a block away as well.-The rooms are GREAT. Probably nicer on the luxury scale than I was expecting from a Residence Inn, albeit a bit smaller. But hey, this is NYC right? They are very comfortable, although I did hear a good bit through the walls from adjacent rooms. And I must say, the BEST blackout drapes I've EVER had. Small, but very nice bathroom.-Excellent security. Well-manned lobby and an elevator that requires a room key 100% of the time.-There are plenty of restaurants and attractions all withing short walking distance. However, there are so many other great areas and neighborhoods in the city, I would hop on the subway and explore!-I didn't give this hotel an &quot;excellent&quot; for only one reason: the staff. Although in general everyone was very nice, I dealt with a few very rude employees. Being in NYC, I would normally just write it off. However, with this being a Marriott property, I hold them to a higher standard.	
Nov 17 2008 	A Fresh Clean Convenient Hotel Choice in New York City	Very conveniently located on 6th Avenue in Midtown. We chose this hotel because of its location relatively near Penn Station, as we arrived in NYC by AMTRAK.  The reception staff was professional and welcoming, upgrading our room without being asked. Arriving late in the evening we were given clear directions to a 24 hour delicatessen just a block away. By NYC standards the room was HUGE and immaculate,including a kitchenette which would have been useful if we had stayed more than the one night. The bathroom while not overly large, was fresh with a tub/ shower. The shower worked very well and we were impressed how clean the walls and floor were. The king bed was very comfortable, but I was somewhat concerned that our room on the fourth floor facing 6th Ave would be noisy that night. I need not have worried. The sound-proofing was amazing. We didn't hear a horn or siren and had a wonderfully restful night's sleep. The next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast on the hotel's third floor with fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, muffins, outstanding coffee and much more. The breakfast was listed as a continental breakfast, but it had anything and everything a person could want. During the night our bill was slipped under our door so check-out consisted of simply handing in our room key cards and telling the desk person that we were leaving.  We have stayed in other NYC hotels, but his relatively new Residence Inn will be our choice for future trips to NYC.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Hotel	My stay at the Residence Inn was Great!!! I am VERY picky, so if I liked it, I am sure that others will as well. The location was great, we were able to walk mostly everywhere or take the subway, which wasn't too far from the hotel. The suite was nice, king bed was comfy, full-size refrigerator and microwave was a plus!! The sofabed was not that comfy but the staff was so nice to give us an additional featherbed for the sofa. The staff was great and very helpful. The concierge was the best, taking her time to fully explain things to do and ways to get there.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great location and great price	I travel to NY a couple of times per year for business and am always on the look-out for affordable hotels within walking distance of my headquarters at Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. The room was a great space (I think the kitchen area was larger than my apartment back home), with a couch for relaxing, a countertop with bar stools, and great views of the city and Bryant Park. One caveat - if you are using the couch as a pull-out bed, you will lose most of the room's floor space. I requested a high floor, and there was no street noise. Loved the full breakfast buffet and the live music in the lounge at night. Although the trip was only for one night, I appreciated having a fridge for my water bottle and a microwave to heat up dinner. There was a corner grocery across the street with easy carry-out options, and lots of fun stores and shops along Avenue of the Americas. Definitely coming back to the Residence Inn!	
Oct 13 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location	We decided to give the Residence Inn a try because it had a refrigerator and cooking facilities. Many times, in the past, when staying at hotels, we often wished for a refrigerator to store soft drinks and yogurts. Plus we like having a cup of tea everday. The Residence Inn will only provide a hotplate if you request one--the same for a kettle and blender. While we requested a hotplate, we weren't aware that we could get a kettle. Along these lines---here's my one complaint about the place--we took out a pot to boil water for the tea and it was filthy. Someone had cooked food in it and not only did not wash it but left liquid from the food in it! However, when I called the front desk, they apologized and sent up a replacement pot. I had assumed that the maids check the utensils when someone checks out but obviously this is not the case. So if you want to use any pots and pans, be sure to check them well in advance of using them.A previous reviewer didn't like the location of this hotel. However, we had no problems with the location at all---in fact we found it to be good when accessing the subway system. About a block north of the hotel is a subway entrance where one can pick up the B, D, F and V trains. For other trains, just head one block west to Times Square where many more subway lines are accessible.At the corner of 38th and 6th Avenue there is a &quot;deli&quot; that sells drinks, snacks and some food items. However, if you want a supermarket, the closest one (we got this info from the concierge) is a D'Agostino's at 38th and 3rd Avenue.The free breakfast is adequate. Scrambled eggs, sausage patties and home fries are available if one wants hot items. For cold items, there are sliced fruits, cereal, milk, assorted pastries, and English muffins. Also, there is orange juice (somewhat watered down), apple and cranberry juice. There is also coffee and tea. As other reviewers mentioned, breakfast is at its busiest between 8:30 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. Finding a place to sit at that time can be a bit challenging. During those times the elevators and slow and crowded.I agree that the bathroom is cramped. However, there are some nice features. The shower has a rain head model in addition to a hand-held hose. Also, there is a good selection of toiletries---shampoo, conditioner, lotion and shower gel.The bed is on the soft side but not uncomfortable. The only comfortable place to sit is the couch. There are two bar-type chairs but they are not comfortable.Would we stay here again? Certainly. The price was right compared to other 3-diamond properties. The location was good and it is nice to have a fridge. The staff was helpful and very responsive when it came to any requests or problems. As a side note---if you have Marriott rewards, staying at a Residence Inn only gets you 5 points per dollar spent as opposed to other Marriott properties where it's 10 points per every dollar spent.	
Oct 12 2008 	We loved this hotel	The people working at this hotel seem to love their jobs, and all were friendly and helpful.They offer a free breakfast every morning. We expected a bagel and a cup of coffee, but were VERY pleasantly surprised. They had so much food, and everything I had was good. The breakfast area is beautiful and peaceful, and being there was a nice start to every day we had in NYC.The location is good, and our room was big (which we were told not to expect in NYC). We heard that their room numbers ending in 06 or 08 were larger, and our room did end in 08. That might be a question to ask when booking your room.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great kitchen better options	I stayed at the Times Square Residence Inn for three nights on a business trip in September. I found it a decent, but not particularly special, option.I grew up in Manhattan, and have returned for visits two or three times a year over the last thirty years. These are usually stays of a week or more, and I always try to find accommodations with a kitchen/kitchenette so that I'm not dependent on overpriced room service or shlepping to a restaurant three times a day. In recent years I've rotated between the Trump International (high end) and the Blakely and Lucerne suites (mid-range). None were available for my September dates, and I was able to book a &quot;corner room&quot; at the Residence Inn.The room's kitchen facilities were excellent. Full size fridge, stove, micro; full set of plates, bowls, glasses, flatware for four; pots, pans, cooking utensils down to measuring spoons! Only drawback - it took up a third of the room. Room was comfortable, but small. Bathroom extremely, uncomfortably small. Although I had a corner room with windows on two walls, it was dark because relatively low floor. Furnishings were clean but drab.Hotel and room were kept spotless. Front desk and Bell staff excellent - friendly, polite, helpful. I found the much celebrated breakfast buffet to be a wide and ample selection of school cafeteria quality offerings, but good enough to lead me to under use my great kitchen.Unless I find myself in a similar pinch, I wouldn't choose to return to the Residence Inn. Not because of deficiencies in the hotel itself but because of its location. It's in a completely commercial area of the city, thronged with workers during the day, no neighborhood life at night. I strongly recommend that all visitors to New York opt, on at least one trip, for accommodations above 57th Street or below 34th, East or West side, for a taste of what New York life is really like. The additional travel time to the &quot;tourist sites&quot; is negligible, and you'll enjoy and experience a whole other side of the city.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	We had a great stay for four days from Sep 28 to Oct 2. This was our 25 year anniversary outing so we decided to see New York with another couple. We booked two rooms with king beds on the 17th floor. We found the location to be almost perfect. It wasn't too close to Times Square but within walking distance of almost everything plus only one block from the underground. The service was great, the breakfast was good for a buffet and the rooms were well maintained.We were concerned about a couple of the negative issues in some of the other comments of too long a wait for an elevator and crowded breakfast rooms but we didn't experience this. However I don't think the hotel was all that full while we were there.	
Sep 26 2008 	What a great hotel!	I loved this hotel. It is in a great central location and the staff were brilliant and so helpful. I really enjoyed my stay. The breakfast which was included was really nice so it's definately an added bonus, I really like the fact you could take coffee away too. I would really recommend this hotel to everyone and would definately stay there again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Has some issues	This hotel was in a great location, an easy walk to midtown. They take dogs which is why we stayed there. The rooms were small, which is typical for NY, though it was frustrating that there was a full kitchen, and almost no room to turn around in the bathroom. The breakfast buffet was excellent, but did get crowded on the weekends. The pull out bed for our son was a disaster, horribly uncomfortable and old. He is little, but you may want to think twice about using this for kids. Some concerns were with the lack of automatic doors - one tries to get a stroller and baggage carts through a revolving door. There are no bell-boys, so forget about help there. Lastly the valet parking was $50 a day, which we understood, but it was also $50 whenever you took the car out, even if it was only a few hours after you parked it. You need to think that it is $50 every time you park, OR 24 hours. There's no on-street parking, so you would have to look at other garages.	
Sep 22 2008	Not as great as everyone says	Ok, there are a few things that I think need to be clarified about this hotel. First, despite the name, it is NOT located in Times Square. It is actually about 4 blocks away. If you want to be in the midst of Times Square (which can be a bad thing due to the 24hr noise) this is not your hotel. Second, if you are a fan of the larger rooms that the Residence Inn offers, you will be disappointed as we were. It was cramped and crowded -- especially with the kitchen that takes up valuable space. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable, but my kids were stuck on a couch bed that was terrible. This room was not a 4-person room as advertised. Breakfast was great, the staff was pretty nice -- even when they told us that they were overbooked and sent us to another hotel for the night. They did give us a free room, but it was a huge hassle to come back the next night.I paid a lot for this room, and it was not great. Next time i will go to the Marquis.	
Sep 10 2008 	Welcome Respite	This Residence Inn across from Bryant Park was a welcome respite from the frenetic city below. It was the start of Fashion Week which I didn't know when I booked the hotel, so it was fun to sit in Bryant Park and watch all the comings and goings of the fashion elite. The room had the feel of being newly refurbished and everything was crisp and new. The bed and even the sofa bed were comfortable. The room was on the small side, but having a fridge and microwave was an asset. The room and bathroom were clean and tastefully decorated. Having breakfast included was nice and the breakfast room was much bigger than I'm use to at Residence Inns. I will definitely stall here again if I can get a reasonable rate. I like staying near Bryant Park because it is close to Grand Central station and a short walk to Rockefeller Center.	
Sep 8 2008 	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!!	I checked the rates almost daily and finally found a deal. Got it for $199 per night, king suite. Got there at 9am and checked bags (tipped $1 per bag later). We were able to hit the city for sightseeing. Checked back at noon, no rooms available. Came back at 330 and our room was still not ready (check in is 4pm) the desk clerk upgraded us to a king suite with a corner view. Had an awesome view of 5th Ave and the Empire State Bldg. Was awesome at night. We were on the 14th floor. The room was great. The maid did not replenish the coffee/toiletries. Was not a big deal to us though. The hotel had an awesome free breakfast. A bit crowded and there was a wait for the elevator at breakfast times. The hotel was in a great location. Couldn't be any better. It was one block from a subway stop. Five blocks from the Empire State Bldg. It was about five blocks to the heart of Times Square also. Great Chinese restaurant next door. Pax for salads a block away also Mc Donalds. Several local markets were available to buy beer and soda to keep in our fridge. The hotel also sold beer and wine in the lobby. I usually have compaints about hotels but I was kind of at a loss here. I just loved this hotel and the location could not have been better. We flew into Laguardia. It was about $38 plus tip on the way from the airport to the hotel at 8am. And the way back was about $34 plus tip. Cabs were readily available in front of the hotel. All the hotel staff were friendly and readily gave directions or restaurant recommendations. One recommended Ray's Pizza to deliver to the hotel and it was excellent. If I could give it a better than excellent rating I would! Loved it! Would go back and stay there in a heartbeat. And go see Wicked! It was awesome!	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location and Good Value	I just returned back from a two night stay at the Residence Inn by Marriott in Times Square New York and am happy to report that we made an excellent choice for our stay. The Residence Inn by Marriott Times Square is located at the intersection of Avenue of the Americas (better know to those from out of town as 6th Avenue) and 39th Street. The hotel is extremely well situated for those on vacation in New York City for the hotel is in close proximity (walking distance) to most of the major tourist spots. Herald Square, Macy's department store and various other shopping malls and stores are about three/four blocks south of the hotel, the Empire State building is three/four blocks south of the hotel, Times Square is three blocks north of the hotel and so on. The blocks are not very big so the walking time to all these spots is about 2-5 minutes which is great.The hotel is located in a safe clean area making it very easy to walk around everywhere without any worries. There are also various subway stations located around the hotel for those wishing to take the subway to other areas of the city. Despite the close proximity to all these various tourist spots, there was neither noise nor confusion near or around the hotel unlike the ones located directly in Times Square.The hotel is new and nicely decorated. There is a beautiful modern lounge area located on the third floor of the hotel where the guests can relax. It is an actual &quot;lounge&quot; for resting appointed with chairs, couches and TV's. There is also a bar area for those wishing to have a drink. The hotel offers its guests complimentary coffee and tea there so it is a really nice place to unwind after a long day in the city. Complimentary breakfast buffet is also offered on the third floor in the morning and unlike other hotels in the city, the eating area is large enough to accommodate everyone without feeling crowded in side by side. The buffet breakfast offers a variety of choices such as the conventional scrambled eggs, sausage patties, and pancakes as well as low fat organic yogurts; various cereal choices; hot oatmeal with raisins, pecans and brown sugar; fresh fruit; various juices; bagels; English muffins and pastries. The food was of good quality and there was enough variety to please the whole family.The room was very large and clean. We booked a suite appointed with a double bed and sleeper sofa. The suite also had a kitchen which came in very handy. Having driven down, we were able to save some money by bringing some bottled water and sandwiches with us which were kept fresh in the fridge. The kitchen was fully appointed with knives, forks, glasses, cups, etc. There was also a kitchen table. This is great for those wishing to eat breakfast in their room or those with little children. The bed was extremely comfortable, as usual throughout the Marriott hotels. Naturally, the sofa bed was not as comfortable as the conventional bed but we simply put an additional comforter on the bed and slept well without any problems. Several of the rooms located on the higher floors also offer a view on the Empire State Building but not all. I would recommend trying to ask for one if you are picky about the view from your hotel room.There is parking available under the hotel for $50.00 a day however we were fortunate enough to find parking on 39th Street and saved our money. I would recommend doing the same. If by chance you are unable to find a spot, I would only then recommend opting for the valet parking offered by the hotel.To conclude, I would definitely not hesitate to book at the Residence Inn the next time I am in New York City. The hotel is very comparable to Hampton Inn Times Square North but has a larger and nicer breakfast area as well as a more centrally located emplacement. The only negative aspect of our stay was the congestion of the elevators during the breakfast hours. I would highly recommend getting breakfast before 8:30 am in order to avoid the crowds going down to the third floor. All in all, great value and a solid four star hotel.	
Sep 2 2008	A great hotel choice in NYC	You will have a very hard time finding a better hotel choice in NYC than this hotel. I've stayed here the last two times I've visited the city and will likely stay here next time as well. There are a lot of advantages, but location and service have to be near the top of the list. This property is centrally located within easy walking distance to the Times Square area and to Grand Central Station. As far as the service is concerned, the staff does a great job of inquiring about your needs and doing their best to meet them. Both times I've stayed here, I've needed an early check-in and it has been accomplished with little effort. They are also great about holding your bags for you until your room is available. As with all Residence Inns, room rates also include a hot breakfast. The quality of the breakfast here is one of the best I've experienced at a Residence Inn and is far superior to the continental-style breakfasts included with many hotel rooms. The one disadvantage to breakfast is the fact that it does tend to get very busy later in the morning, both in the breakfast area and with the elevators. So, I would highly recommend that you eat breakfast in the 8-9 a.m. time frame. Additionally, the higher your floor, the better off you are going to be. Not only do some of the higher rooms have great views of the Empire State Building, when riding down the elevators during really busy times it is a definite advantage being on the upper floors. This allows you to get on the elevators before they fill up during the travel down.Finally, in my opinion, rates at this hotel are very competitive. While not cheap (what decent hotel in NYC is??), the rooms do provide a great value. The suites are significantly larger than most NYC hotel rooms and include a full-size fridge which comes in quite handy. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 1 2008 	Marriot as usual performs.	We had a great stay. The location and price is right. the hotel is an easy walk to times square with a subway station just down the road. It was $42 for a towncar from Laguardia, and 45 flat fee by cab to JFK. The breakfast is good and Free. The room had king size bed and sleeper sofa. I slept on the sofa and it was suprisingly comfortable. We were on the 19th floor this was high enough to see over the other building, and to dampen the noise from the street. The only negative was the elevator wait time. At peak times you can wait for a few mins before one stops.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great location and good value but with wrinkles	Family of three with pre-schooler stayed two nights at this clean, adequately sized, and modernly decorated chain for a rate of $279 per night (a great rate by Manhattan standards). Location was three blocks from Times Square, six blocks from Grand Central station, and very close to public transportation to access Battery Park and Central Park. Many problems, some of which may be unique to our experience:1) Pre-request for early check-in not accommodated. We tried to check-in at 2 pm (regular check-in is at 4 pm), but no rooms were ready. The hotel held our luggage and gave us claim checks while we caught a Circle Line cruise and dinner.2) Pre-request for low level room not accommodated. At 2 pm, were assured of a room on the 4th floor, but upon check-in at 10 pm, we were told that the lowest floor available was the 17th.3) Air-conditioner possibly on the fritz. Our room was stuffy and warm upon arrival. While the thermometer was set for 60F, the room did not seem to get below 70F. Concierge said that the A/C may operate with a motion sensor. Unfortunately, this meant that it was not functioning while we were out during the day or even worse, while we were horizontal at night. Perhaps we should have taken turns doing jumping jacks so that we could have a comfortable room temperature for sleeping.4) Check-in took 10 minutes on a late Saturday night. After what seemed like a long wait for a tired family, we were given a queen room. Only after presenting a written confirmation from the hotel website did we receive our originally reserved king room. The concierge apologized for the misunderstanding.5) Elevetors were very slow. Although there are four elevators, it seemed that only one or two worked at any given time. We read about this problem in previously written reviews, which is why we requested a low level room--so that we could walk down to the 3rd floor for the breakfast buffet or to check-out on the 1st floor.6) Hot breakfast buffet included in nightly rate offered a variety of good hot and cold choices and was adequately stocked. However, the lines were long when we went at 9 am. (Buffet is served until 10 am on weekends and until 9:30 am on weekdays.) The lines could be alleviated by a better set-up of the food since space is not an issue. Toast and bagel area at the end of the hot choices caused a terrible bottleneck.7) Looks newly decorated, but bathroom lock was broken, some broken wall times, peeling wallpaper, and stained couch.8) Pets are allowed in hotel. Guest next door had a small yapper from about 8 pm until we fell asleep. Upon contacting the concierge, we were told nothing could be done, except to contact the guests to calm their dog.	
Aug 21 2008 	Above the average	The room is a nice self-contained apartment. The kitchen is ok, but beware there is only a hot plate and not burners for cooking. The breakfast was fair. The food is always the same all the days me and my family stayed there. The quality of the food is low-fair. The service is rather nice at any time of the days. Internet connection is wifi and ok (very fast). The problem with the elevator is limited (1 to 2 minutes waiting time for me). The location is fantastic. The hotel is in the middle of everything. Cleaniness of the room and bath is ok! nothing excellent, just ok!The rate we payed was rather fair: 250 dollars for a corner suite at a rather high floor (15 th). Upper should supposed to be better, but the hotel was almost sold out the days we stayed there. The hall can be defintely improved. It is small and rather simple. However, improvement and renovation works were in progress when we stayed there.	
Aug 19 2008 	Beautiful hotel	I believe this hotel was just renovated before I stayed here with a friend and it was very nice. The only difficult part of the trip was when we were checking in. The room had been booked for a couple of weeks and we were using Marriott Reward Points and we had more than enough to cover our weekend stay. Although the clerk can see we had the points, for some reason they still had not arrived in their computer and we had no credit cards with us so we had to put down $400.00 in cash as a deposit until the points arrived. That was a big chunk of our spending money so we were a bit annoyed.The room itself was very nice and comfortable. We had a beautiful view of the city. It was very spacious as well. The hotel had a great restaurant and I wish I could remember the name. It had pretty waterfalls coming down and very modern looking. The food was yummy (I had sushi) and the martinis were excellent. Even the elevators were nice!This hotel is within walking distance of so many attractions, restaurants, pub and most importantly Times Square! I would def stay here again!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Hotel in a Good Location!	Stayed at this hotel with a couple buddies for a guys weekend and it was great. The rooms were very well kept and everything was clean. The rooms had a kitchen area, with utensils/plates, a fridge, a microwave, etc. so I guess it would be perfect for a family trying to save some money.The place had free breakfast in the morning, but it was VERY crowded. I wouldn't recommend it, unless you get there early.Location was great. Just three blocks from 42nd Street and an easy walk to Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Grand Central Station, Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center and more. We took a cab to the village one night and it was less than $10.The only thing keeping it from a 5-rating is that they DO NOT allow rollaway beds. They had told my friend they did and when we got there, the place said it was a fire hazard. We stayed in a room with a king bed and a pullout couch, so it was okay, but that is the one warning. Otherwise, I would recommend.	
Aug 16 2008 	great spot	This is a great place to base your NY visit. The rooms are very clean and spacious. We had a king and a pull-out couch for the three of us. Got in in the morning, stored our bags and off we went. It's only a block away from Bryant park, a few blocks to Times Square, the theatre district, Empire State building, Grand Central, you name it. I found it very quiet, 18th floor. We didn't really notice the traffic noise and didn't hear much &quot;hotel&quot; noise. We did, however, have the air conditioning fan on all the time for buffer. The free breakfast in the morning is awesome: Hot things like eggs, sausages, waffles, French toast, cereal, fruit, bagels, juice, coffee, you name it. Lots of space to sit and eat your breakfast. On the weekend they provided plastic cutlery and plates, so that you could take your breakfast up to your room. I would highly recommend this to everyone. My daughter is 16, but we saw a lot of people there with little kids.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Customer Service	This hotel is in a great location, the customer service was top notch.If you need something just call the front desk and they will be to your room within 10 minutes. Very nice touch the way that the bellmen welcomes you back each time. Good fitness room. Beds are great!	
Aug 13 2008 	Location Location Location	Wow - what a great experience we had! Residence Inn at Times Square was the perfect location - we could walk everywhere we wanted to go except Chinatown/Soho and the Waterfront. We were glad to be a few blocks away from theTimes Square chaos, and our rooms were very quiet, with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building! Our hotel offered a great breakfast every morning, and we were impressed by how spacious and comfortable the dining/public rooms were. During our five-night stay our concierge was a real font of information - we relied on him for all our dinner recommendations and reservations - made finding a great place to eat an easy adventure. The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming, and the rooms were very clean and comfortable - it was obvious the property was quite new and very well run. One of our most memorable ventures was going to the Top of the Rock our first night there - what a view and no line! And don't miss the Carnegie Deli (north of Times Square) for a great experience - not only the best, funniest, most welcoming waitstaff and star-studded clientele, but the BIGGEST reuben sandwiches we've ever tasted! One tip - the hotel does not offer any in-house transport, but Yellow Cab is limited to a $45 max. fare to anywhere in Manhattan, including JFK. Trips to Laguardia are not under any regulation, but our fare only added up to $25 (including tip), so we definitely recommend flying into LGA over JFK if you're staying at the Residence Inn at Times Square. DON'T use any limo services - we made that mistake when we arrived and ended up getting charged $80 (plus tip) for our transport to the hotel. Stick with the Yellow Cabs! Thanks Residence Inn for a great base for our adventure - we'll be back!	
Aug 9 2008 	Big Room Great Breakfast So-So Location	I stayed here for an entire week while working at the Javits Center. I'd recommend this hotel for travelers who are sightseeing, since it is close to Times Square, subways and all other midtown Manhattan attractions.Reasonably-priced, plus breakfast was generous, with both hearty and healthy fare, and this can be a money-saver if you're traveling with a group or family. Nice, newer hotel with big, quiet rooms--I recommend a corner room, high floor for best view of city. The location was great for walking to work, but not for small restaurants where I could have a nice dinner, which meant walking several blocks at night. There's good security in lobby, though---important because the area of the city below and west of this hotel seemed especially dark and felt like it closed at night. I prefer a residential-feeling neighborhood, but might stay here again with Marriott points.	
Aug 8 2008 	Marvellous beds	For a first time visit to NY we chose the Residence Inn on account that all other hotel rooms in Midtown and the Chelsea areas looked very small.The Residence Inn did not let us down, very big rooms, good size bathrooms, very comfy bed, with good quality pillows.Close to the MOMA, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center and just a $10 taxi ride down to Greenwich village.Good selection at breakfast except for fresh fruit, maybe it had all been taken earlier!!The only downside was the air conditioning in the lobby and breakfast areas. Far too high, but unfortunately most of NY buildings tends to freeze with air conditioning when the summer arrives.	
Jul 30 2008 	comfortable and great location	Stayed there for 4 nights. I think the room rate of US$200 which includes breakfast, is reasonable during 4th July weekend since it went up to US$280 the week after. Not every hotel provides breakfast. Heard that breakfast is only provided during summer and even dinner buffet from mon to thurs even though we did not try it. Comfortable bed and clean room with a sofa bed that could accommodate up to a family of 4. Housekeeping is done everyday. There is a fridge and microwave oven but we never used it since we are out everyday. Great location as well, near the subway, times sq, empire state, rockefella centre, restaurants and shopping area 5th ave.	
Jul 29 2008	Great location	The best thing about the hotel is its location. It's a block from the subway and just a few blocks from Times Square and also close to the NY Library, the department stores on 5th Ave, Rockefeller, etc. Everything is within walking distance which is great as NY is a great city to explore on foot.Most of the staff at the hotel are friendly, but there aren't enough of them as it isn't a full-service hotel so, eg. at night when you need housekeeping you have to go to the lobby yourself as there is no one to send up.The free internet in your room is great as is the breakfast buffet.The rooms are average, and the bathrooms a bit dated. Having your own kitchen is nice for long stays. The only major negative is the price. For the price we paid we could have stayed in a 5* hotel in almost any other city.	
Jul 28 2008 	Just adding another 5 stars	The only &quot;issue&quot; was trying to use the elevator between 8:30 &amp; 10 when everyone is either going to breakfast, checking out or just leaving for the day. They left voice mails warning people about the potential delay which I thought was very nice. We stopped at another hotel where friends were staying and there was an actual line for the elevators so in the bigger picture, it wasn't that bad.The included breakfast buffet was more than I expected...eggs, sausage, hash browns and hot oatmeal on top of what you'd normally find on a free buffet. Coffee available 24/7.HUGE room for NYC! So worth the extra money if you're staying longer than one night and with more than one person in the room. The kitchenette had actual glasses, silverwear, etc which the cleaning staff washed every day. There's even an ice maker in the fridge. Cuts down costs when you can have a few cocktails in the room. :) 1 block from the 42nd st subway entrance, easily walkable from the Liberty Express drop off point at Bryant Park. Another winner from Marriott.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Hotel!	I booked this hotel for a Friday night stay, $199/night special through Marriott's website, including breakfast. All of the reveiws were right on. It is an excellent hotel, beautiful, clean, staff was very accommodating and couldn't be more helpful. It is very wise to request a 20+ floor just for the sake of the elevators. There are 3, but they are a bit small. We were on the 24th floor, by the time the elevator stopped in the teens, it was full. Breakfast was very well stocked with the best selection I've seen at a buffett in a long time, many hot selections, not just the typical bagels, waffles, and danish. The area is fine and safe. It's a 10 block walk to the theater district, but if you walk down 6th to the 40's it is well lit and very populated. I'll definitely be going back!	
Jul 22 2008 	One of NYC's Best	My family (which includes 2 older teenagers) stayed at the Residence Inn in mid July. The hotel appears to be relatively new compared to many of the others I have stayed at in Manhattan. The front desk manager (Melissa Cantone), was very accomodating to our room request which made for a great stay. The breakfast buffet had everything you could want and allowed us to get an earlier start to our activities each morning. By the way, the coffee is great! The hotel is relatively close to Times Square so you can walk it. (more on that in a moment). We had the complimentary dinner buffet at the hotel just one night (hotdogs, chicken strips) and it was average (saved us some money on dinner one night!)The concierge booked our Empire State Building tickets which saved us 20 - 30 minutes in line.People have complained about the elevator during breakfast hours and it was not too much of a problem for us since we were on a high floor. We were always the first ones on it and it opened up on most every floor beneath us (completely full) so there were some unhappy people on the lower floors. The breakfast buffet is on the third floor. Get a high room so you will not find a full elevator when it opens up on your floor!Ok, not everything is perfect so here are my only criticisms/comments. The elevators as mentioned above. Secondly, when walking from Times Square back to the hotel at night (11pm), the walk (East) from Broadway to 6th Avenue and anything south of 42nd street does not have the crowds of people so it can be a little intimidating. We did not have a problem, but just be observant of your surroundings when walking especially if you are alone. We also found that we had to walk 5 blocks to 34th and 6th Ave to get on the subway for most tourist things we had planned. I wished the main subway lines were closer. Finally, it would be nice to have a room with 2 beds instead of a bed and sleeper sofa. Most rooms only have the bed &amp; sleeper sofa set up. My son got the sleeper sofa but did not complain.Overall, this is a very nice hotel and we would definitely stay there again. The breakfast is a nice bonus and saved both time and money. Get a room with a view of the Empire State Building. I could have charged admission to my room as the view was that fantastic. We don't normally preplan and prepay our activities well in advance, however it is a must in NYC or you will be disappointed. Prebuy all Broadway Show tickets (especially if you want the top shows), prepay the Statue of Liberty Tour, Make all your dinner reservations well in advance, Conan and Letterman tickets well in advance, and ride the Subway to get around! The subway is $2 per ride and is much faster than the cabs during peak hours (and much cheaper). Yes, you will see the occasional begger but if you ignore them, they will go on their way. I would highly recommend the restaurant Serediptiy 3 for its good food and phenomenal Frrrozen Hot Chocolates! Yummy!! If you want the best New York Cheesecake in town, go to Juniors bakery near 45th and BroadwayOur activities:Wicked, Jersey Boys, Chicago, Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island Tour, NBC Studios Tour, Conan O'Brien, David Letterman, Today Show, Central Park, Yankee Stadium, Ground Zero, Wall Street, SOHO, Little Italy, Shopping on Canal street for hand bags and jewelry, Empire State Building Tour, Restaurants:Time Square: Olive Garden, Trattoria Tricolori, Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock, Junior's Bakery, Figgilini's Pizza. Yes, I know we picked mostly the touristy places but that is due to the insistance of my tennagers!Near Times Square: Serendipity 3If you have any questions about the hotel, guidance on activities, or just general questions, feel free to email me. Enjoy your trip to NYC!!!	
Jul 21 2008	housekeeping was great	Stayed here in June 2008 for a long weekend. Loved the location and the free hot buffet breakfast - convenient to the metro and walking distance to many locations. Everything was clean and well kept and the housekeeping was outstanding.I was on a lower floor so only had a view of the building across the street, but was hardly in the room anyway. Also had one of the most comfortable mattresses I've had in a long time.	
Jul 12 2008 	Excellent service better than 4 star	Staying for one night in the city, I chose this hotel based on price since it was a quick &quot;girls trip&quot; with my daughter. Walking distance to Times Square, shopping and diagnonal from Bryant Park, the location was good but the immediate surrounding buildings and retailers are a bit sketchy. We typically stay in 4 star hotels in NY and have stayed at the Pierre (terrible service), the W, Hyatt, Omni, etc. Out of ALL of these the Residence Inn had THE BEST SERVICE hands down. I was impressed with everyone from the front desk staff (had a cough during registration and she offered and brought a water) to the gentleman greeting us at breakfast to any employee you passed in the hall (several asked if we were having a great day or how our trip to the city has been).We lean towards the Marriott chain when traveling and I can't say enough how much the staff at this particular hotel stood out, better than any other hotel in NY and better than most hotels I have stayed at nationwide. Room was clean, good sized and comfortable. Breakfast was crowded but typical buffet style, didn't have time to check out any other amenities but would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great value in NYC	My partner and I have stayed in many hotels in New York ranging from 3 to 5 stars. We would rank the Residence Inn Times Square as probably the one that offered us the best value given its cost.First, it is in a great location....one can walk down to Chelsea or the Village in 15-20 minutes; likewise the Upper Central Park area would be a similar walk in the opposite direction. We loved its perfect location for Broadway shows as that was our major focus on this trip.Second, the hotel offers all suite (more accurately, junior suite) accommodations that are the utmost in comfort...they are centainly more spacious and have more amenities (microwave, refrigerator, a bar set-up) than nearly any regular room at 5 star hotels in NYC. Granted, the lobby in this hotel is most modest, but that is a minor issue given everything else this hotel offers.Third, the hotel offers an amazing complimentary breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, muffins, pastries, waffles, coffee, various juices....). They even offer complimentary hot dogs and, fried chicken on Mon., Tues., and Wed. evenings!Fourth, the service from the staff was excellent. Everyone was efficient, helpful and cheerful.Finally, the hotel is not in a renovated, older NYC building, but in a new building...with the obvious benefits that offers. And it seems many, if not most, of the rooms offer a view of the Empire State Building.Simply stated, if one is looking for an excellent place to stay in New York without breaking the bank, stay at the Residence Inn Times Sqare.	
Jul 6 2008 	Much better than expected	Excellent location, close to Times Sq/Broadway, Grand Central, and very convenient to the subway. Room was great, very comfy, modernized with flat screen TV &amp; stainless steel appliances in kitchen although bathroom vanity was small. Sofa couch was used as a bed but it was just a wimpy coil mattress. Did not happen to get room with a good view. Buffet breakfast was the best with lots of choices.	
Jul 4 2008	Absolutely perfect!	The Residence Inn, Times Square, was excellently located and perfect for our first trip to NYC. The room was comfortable, spotlessly clean and spacious (we had a corner studio suite). Our son found the sofa bed comfortable enough (we were a little worried, having read some not so favourable reviews on here). All the staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good and plentiful and the evening light meals were useful for a quick bite to eat. We had no problems with the elevators - never had to wait longer than a couple of minutes. We don't have anything negative to say and will certainly stay here again should we return to New York.	
Jun 30 2008 	Location Location Location	Location cannot be beat. Steps from the subway and an easy walk to Empire State Building, tons of shopping, Broadway shows. The hotel was very nice and comfortable, breakfast was awesome. Couldn't wait to go to NYC for bagels every a.m. but couldn't drag ourselves from the buffet! Fabulous view of the Empire State Bldg. Laundry facilities too. Great for families. Front desk personnel great too. Can't imagine staying anywhere else!	
Jun 29 2008 	Awesome Location	Stayed in midtown many times and will have to say that this was the best stay ever. The location cannot be beat. About 2 blocks to Times Square with plenty of restaurants, drugstores (for buying snacks and water) within a block. There is a subway station one (very short) block away. The room was spacious, quiet and we had no problems whatsoever. There is even a safe in the room! The hot breakfast was not spectacular, but was filling and just right to get you going on your day in NYC.	
Jun 26 2008 	Best bet for New York	My husband and I have stayed at this property 3 times for long weekends (3 or 4 days) to a week. We have consistently received top service from every employee there whether it's the front desk personnel, the housekeeping staff, the breakfast employees and the security personnel. Every single employee is courteous and helpful. We arrived early after a red eye flight and were checked in immediately. Our room wasn't ready; however, they invited us to have breakfast upstairs and came to find us to personally deliver our room key before we were half way finished with our meal. The rooms are large and new - something unusual for New York. Beds are comfortable, rooms are spacious. It's wonderful to have room to stretch out! The bathrooms are small; however, they are clean and have everything you would want in the way of toiletries. We loved having the kitchen faclities even though we had breakfast every morning on the 3rd floor - a wonderful savings of time and cash in New York. The location is excellent - close to 5th avenue shopping - walking distance to the theatre district and Times Square. We have already made reservations to return next May. We wouldn't think of going anywhere else!	
Jun 25 2008 	Great hotel	I have stayed at this hotel multiple times for business. It is in a great location, has great guestrooms and a great breakfast buffet. The night bellman is fantastic and remembers guests from previous years.	
Jun 25 2008 	Awesome Hotel	I just got back from New York, June 22nd. This hotel was great. The price was awesome for TimeSquare. We had a King size bed, a Pullout sofa, Kitchenette with Full size Fridge with ice maker, microwave, utensils, cups and glasses.We were looking directly at the Empire state building. This is definitely my hotel from now on. Nothing beats the prices i got and the location i got.	
Jun 24 2008 	Understand all the rave	My husband and I travel to NYC 3 to 4 times a year, but this was our first stay at the Residence Inn. This place had everything and more that we could need. The hotel is very clean and updated. I always felt secure and safe. The kitchen was so convenient and the bed was the most comfortable one I have been in among all of my NYC stays. The breakfast was fine, if you like carbohydrates. Two blocks to subway stop, close to Times Square, but not close enough to be bothered with all of the foot traffic. Will never stay anywhere else in NY again!!!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Highly recommended	Having read good reviews on Trip Advisor we had high expectations of this hotel and were not dissapointed.The location is excellent. Two blocks south of Times Square and a similar distance north of the Empire State Building. The situation close to Bryant Park makes it an attractive spot and subway stations are within a short walk.Staff were all very pleasant from the front desk to the maintenance men we bumped into in the lift. Clearly all trained to say &quot;hi&quot; and ask how you are. Made us feel very welcome.The room was very good - spacious and well equipped. The furnishings looked new and it was scrupulously clean (and I'm a clean-freak).Complementary breakfast wasn't thrilling but there was plenty of it and plenty of variety.I'm sure we'll come back to this city some day and I would definately opt to stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008	Super hotel - Great location	This hotel is in a superb location, great suite, good staff, good buffet breakfast. Above average all rounder. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Wonderful experience	This was a perfect hotel for a group of New York City newbies. Within walking distance to Rockafeller Center, Times Square and the Empire State Building. Also was very close to Grand Central Station making it easy to get anywhere else in the city.The front desk staff was always friendly and responsive to our requests, at every hour of the day or night. Our housekeeper was very thorough. The breakfast buffet was good, but had a somewhat limited selection. Our only complaint: We found the pull out couch bed to be pretty uncomfortable and ended up sleeping on the couch itself, not the pull out bed . We had read other reviews that commented on long delays waiting for elevators. We did not have any problems at all.	
May 30 2008 	Gem in Times Square	I have just returned from a 5 day trip with two children aged 12 and 8. The hotel is in an excellent location, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable, plus points for the complimentary breakfast buffet, there is so much choice, all staff were very friendly and gave a good service, the concierge was a great help too. We would definitely stay again.	
May 29 2008 	Quiet well-located and big rooms	Big rooms (considering the NY average), clean, quiet and near all that matters in Midtown.	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic	Booked in for a 4 night stay from the 22 nd of May with my wife. We booked a city view suite and were located on the 26th floor. Room was fantastic, clean, plenty of space, a well equiped kitchen(not that we used it) and one of the comfiest beds we had ever slept in. The included breakfast was great with plenty of choice and the attentive and friendly staff ensured everything was kept well stocked.The location of the hotel, means that you are within walking distance of most things. 5th avenue and the shopping is only 5mins, with Broadway a similar stroll in the other direction. Taxi's are always available outside, but it's more fun and better value to purchase a Metro card for unlimited use of the subway and the buses(7.50 usd per day). Fantastic value and great service. We will return and would recommend this hotel anyone travelling to the Big Apple.	
May 19 2008 	Great choice in Midtown	We stayed on a Sunday night and really enjoyed this Residence Inn. The location is excellent and the hotel seems quite new with a large, very well furnished room. Our bed was extraordinarily comfortable and the flat screen TV was great. The bathroom was tiny but it is NYC so that's to be expected.They allowed us to check in at 1 PM and were very efficient. We tried to speak with a Concierge about restaurants but the desk was unstaffed. The front desk person was friendly but uninformed. We got a $189 rate at the Marriott site just a few days before our stay. At that price, it was a steal!	
May 14 2008 	Great choice	Must agree with other Reviews.Stayed recently with my wife and 8 year son,for a long weekend.Couldn't have asked for a better experience .Breakfast was much better than expected,with a lot of choice.Very central location.Will be at the top of the list for our next visit.	
May 12 2008 	Homely Manhattan Feel	I had 2 days to spend in NY and since I had no time to spend commuting, I had to choose a location that would be accessible to all the major NY hotspots..This hotel is just perfect!! It is so conveniently located and when I was there (Christmas) I just felt so at home ... as typical of all Residence Inn brands, there is a kitchennette and the whole place feels like a luxurious Manhattan studio rather than hotel.. It was simply wonderful.The staff were lovely and the atmosphere is similiar to that of a closely knit family.. the vibes are just wonderful.. totally recommended!!	
May 10 2008	Enjoyable Stay	Enjoyed our week stay. The reviews are correct: perfect location close to everything, clean, comfortable beds, good breakfast, Tuesday night soup/salad was perfect, 3rd floor lounge with lots of cozy spaces, gym small but well equipped, laundry facilities ($2.50 a load w/free detergent at front desk), never waited more than 2 minutes for an elevator, wakeup service, and all around met our needs. There are delis, restaurants, and grocery stores around the corner and across the street. We were on the 29th floor with a view of the Chrysler Building, Bryant Hotel (which is very pretty at night), Radio City Music Hall sign board, and 6th Avenue leading to Central Park. Attached pictures of 5/4/08 Bike Race: view from the 29th fl and then at street level	
May 8 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC	My husband &amp; I spent a Friday &amp; Saturday night at this hotel in April 2008. Great place for all! Very large room, by NYC standards, and great location. Also, very clean and lots of towels. Kitchen had full refridgerator, sink &amp; microwave. I think there was a coffee pot but we did not use the kitchen - we were in NYC after all!! Just 2 blocks from the noise &amp; congestion of Times Square. Subway station 1 block away. Extensive buffet breakfast included - great for a family. There were lots of families there and I would stay there again with my children. There was a lounge area that we did not use.	
May 7 2008 	Excellent Hotel - lived up to all expectations	Just back from a stay at the Residence Inn, Times Square. Decided to book this after reading reviews on TripAdvisor and also because of the excellent rate we received. Hotel is in an ideal location, only 5 mins walk from Times Sq, 10 mins to Rockefeller Center, etc.Hotel exceeded all expectations. The rooms were large with the kitchenette facilities (especially the fridge) an ideal bonus. They were spotlessly clean and very well soundproofed. We were on the 19th floor and could hear only the occasional noise of street traffic.Despite various messages telling us how busy the elevators were during the weekend we never encountered any problems.Complimentary breakfast was excellent (great choice of healthy and not so healthy items, both hot and cold), especially on week mornings when there seemed to be a much greater choice than at the weekend.Only disappointment was that the complimentary social hour seems to now only be on Mon-Wed, despite it still saying on the website that it is also on a Thursday.Apart from that, would definitely recommend this hotel and will hopefully stay there again on next trip to NYC.	
May 6 2008 	Great hotel excellent location big rooms and good breakfast	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and had a great experience. The room - or rather the suite - was pretty big compared to other hotels in NYC, with its own full size kitchen. We only used the coffee machine, though, and that worked perfectly. Very comfortable bed, nice flat screen tv and free Internet. We also enjoyed the free breakfast with a good variety of different foods - actually we don't really understand why each room has a kitchen as long as the breakfast is so good.	
May 5 2008 	Lived up to all the Rave Reviews!	My mom and I stayed there last week. It is in a great location. Just a few blocks from Time Square and the Empire State building. Only one block from Bryant Park if you are looking for a place to rest your feet this is peaceful in the fast paced city and great for people watching during the day. The staff was so friendly the room was impecably clean. The only reason I did not give an Excellent rating is the pull out bed is very uncomfortable. It might be ok for little kids but we adults need cushion. It felt like sleeping directly on the springs. Fortunately we had a king bed and shared. If you book King or two Queen beds make sure when you check in if you prefer two queens you speak up. I stay at Marriotts for business and this breakfast was top notch compared to all others. If they could lower the price by maybe $50 they would never have an empty room. I will stay their again!!	
May 5 2008 	Great Hotel	Just a great hotel. Perfect location and I found it to be the best value of any hotel that weekend in NY. We were four people and they gave us a larger room with a really comfortable king bed and pull out sofa. ($359 ++) Plenty of towels and bedding and immaculately clean. There was a great kitchenette and large bathroom. best of all of the free breakfast - each morning there was an excellent buffet - very casual in a cosy library type of room on the 3rd floor.The staff were all really helpful - we were given a late check out and they guarded our luggage whilst we squeezed in that final few hours of shopping but you can relax on the 3rd floor whilst waiting for evening flights if you'd prefer.Free wireless internet thoughout the hotel and a great rewards system.Excellent all round!A tip for theatre goers - normally I've queued at tkts in Times Square for same day tickets but they are often poor seats and still expensive..this time I used broadwaybox.com - all the discount codes are there for the shows and you can go wuth the codes to the box office and choose your seats. We were five rows from the front at Phantom at the Majestic for $66 each! Fantastic!!	
May 1 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel was wonderful; a spotless (and fairly sized) room, great service, very good food, and a convenient location. Perfect for tourists who want to see Time Square; we were able to walk right to it. A great stay that I'd reccommend to almost anyone.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Value Great Staff Great Location!	My wife and family just had a wonderful visit in Manhattan and were fortunate to have read the reviews about the Residence Inn so we booked 3 rooms for a four night stay. We originally chose this hotel because of the good reviews, location, and compt breakfast. However, we were treated like VIP's with an early check-in, terrific 28th floor rooms with a view and a super helpful staff, starting from the desk manager on down to housekeeping. Every staff member was cheerful and greet us with a &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;hello, how's your stay going&quot;. One thing which is interesting is the room layouts, two of the rooms had a great layout with plenty of light, views, adequate washroom space , but one of the rooms was layed out in such a way as to allow little light, less view and cramped washroom space...luck-of-the-draw I guess. The location of this hotel is also great if you intend on catching all of the major sites, we walked to most of them like true New York tourists.	
Apr 28 2008 	Smart and Central	The Residence Inn by Marriott Times Square is conveniently located in Midtown, near Bryant Park and a five-minute walk to Times Square/Theatre District. Rooms feature a kitchenette with a full-size fridge, microwave, dishes, cutlery, etc., comfortable bed and sofa that converts into a bed. The small lobby can be crowded at times and there can be a wait for the elevators, despite the hotel being relatively small (350 rooms). I arrived in the early afternoon (Friday), but was told to return after 4pm as my room wasn't early. When I returned after 5pm there was a long lineup and a wait to check in and retrieve my suitcase which I had checked with a bellman when I first arrived.The free breakfast was much better than you would expect for a &quot;free breakfast&quot;: scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage patties, fruit, pastries and muffins, cereals, yogurt, assorted beverages.Although I was a single traveller, I could see this place as a good value for couples or families. Convenient location yet relatively quiet and away from the hubub of Times Square.	
Apr 28 2008 	Horrible	Shockingly poor service. I've stayed in nicer rooms at a Holiday Inn ExpressIf you are willing to pay these rates, stay at a nice hotel - Sofitel, Radisson, Ritz-Carliton.	
Apr 27 2008	Perfect!	I'm glad I picked this one among the Marriott's line. It took me two weeks of back &amp; forth. The location is perfect - right on the corner of 6th Ave (Avenue of the Americas) &amp; 39th St. The room was on the small side (I found most NYC hotels are anyway), but perfect for two. Breakfast served is of very good quality. Loved it and will definitely return. The whole 5-nights stay (price on that particular segment was on the high side, but worth it) was very pleasant!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great hotel in a perfect location!	This was my second time to New York but first stay in the city. I was traveling with my Mom and sister so we needed a room that would accommodate all three of us at a reasonable price. The room was perfect with a King size bed and queen size sofa sleeper. The kitchen came in handy as we were able to stock it with soda, wine and other necessities. The bathroom was only big enough for one and the closet was a bit small but we managed. The room rate included buffet breakfast daily which offered hot and cold food plus a self serve beverage area. Dinner was also offered but not quite as good as the breakfast. The staff was friendly and helpful although we were give incorrect information on two occasions. The location of the hotel was perfect; only 2 blocks from Time Square and Macy’s. We walked just about everywhere and when we couldn’t walk there were several subway stops within 1-2 blocks of the hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great stay at the Residence Inn	I can't agree more with the excellent reviews of this hotel! I never book a hotel without checking Trip Advisor first, and I was certainly not let down this time.The king junior suite was perfect -- comfy bed and pillows, couch and chair, immaculately clean. Even the few negatives others have cited were not issues for us. The bathroom may not be huge, but the shower had excellent water pressure and plenty of hot water, and the vanity had a drawer and cupboard for storage. I'm not sure what more anyone would need. The hotel does post a warning in the elevator and leaves a VM on weekends about the breakfast buffet rush after 8:45, so just know that you may have a wait for the elevator after that time. Nonetheless, we didn't wait more than a few minutes on either weekend day, even at prime time. The buffet itself is great -- tons of choices and both hot and cold items. Again, I'm not sure what anyone has to complain about with respect to the breakfast. Given that you would pay as much or more for any similar hotel room in NYC, the breakfast is basically free. The food was replenished frequently and the staff was very quick to remove used dishes and keep tables clean.All in all we have a wonderful leisure weekend in New York City and would most definitely stay at the Residence Inn again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great place to stay near Times Square	The Residence Inn is a great place to stay if you want to be near Times Square/Bryant Park. The rooms are very large by NYC standards and you can request a room with a great view (which we did). It's nice to be in the city and have a couch and small kitchen in your room. The staff at the hotel is very friendly and helpful and the Residence Inn has some great features like free wireless internet and a free full breakfast. My only caution would be that if you're used to staying at the Four Seasons or the Mandarin, this may not be the hotel for you. The decor is not plush, but it's still very nice. Honestly, the Residence Inn was better than a lot of 4 and even 5 Star hotels I've stayed at in NYC. Our room was large, clean and had tons of ammenities (including a flat screen tv). And, the bed is very comfortable. I'd recommend the Residence Inn to anyone travelling to NYC, especially if you are going to spend a few days there, it's nice to have the extra room and features that it offers.	
Apr 16 2008 	Can't wait to return!	I can't begin to rave about this hotel. I travel a lot for business and have pretty high expectations of hotels. Had a bit of a letdown at a previous Residence Inn, so I was a bit wary.Location:Perfect! It is located off 6th Ave near the garment district. Bryant Park is down the street. Times Square is within walking distance. For those of you who want to take the train, take a left out of the hotel and it is on the next block.Room:We had a queen suite. It was perfect for my husband, 9 year old and me. The fridge came in handy as the microwave. Everything was very clean in the kitchen. The sofabed was very comfortable for our son. The linens were fine and comfy. We were on the 29th floor and had a nice view of the ESB and the Chry. Building. The room was quiet and didn't hear anyone on our floor. If you are traveling with a child, bring them some binoculars so that they can do some street watching! The bathroom was a bit small, but typical for a NYC hotel. Water pressure was fine. I was impressed with the large towels. We had service every day to replenish the towels. Breakfast:Great! I cannot rave enough about it. Do get there early. It becomes a bit crowded after 9:00. We were in there by 8:00 - 8:15 each day. Nice variety of food. They even had soy milk! So, you have food for everyone's palate - eggs, yogurt, pancakes, etc. Service:Outstanding. They honored our early arrival. Even though checkout was at 11, they held our bags until 6 in the evening for us to do some more sightseeing. Paola was helpful when the air carrier lost our luggage. She sent up a bag filled with the essentials when we told her about our experience. Richard, the evening concierge, gave us some great tips on restaurants that are close by and not in Times Square.Food:Tasti D Lite is across the street. It takes cash only. They have some great take out restaurants that deliver. A few worth noting is Big Bowl of Noodles and Yo Sushi. Both have very good food at a very resonable price. There are also some corner stores that are close that are pretty cheap, too. They also sell the normal fares at the front desk. I was pretty surprised how cheap a bottle of water was at the front desk ($2) compared to Times Square ($4).Note:The rooms are very comfortable, but check out the 3rd floor. There is a lounge that has a TV and lots of chairs that you can relax in. We have a lot of family that came to visit us and we hung out there. We would grab a few drinks from the bar and just hang out on the 3rd floor. It is very spacious, so don't feel like you will be cramped in with a lot of people. Overall:I will return. I really loved the hotel. The staff was so friendly and helpful. They remembered us on site. The hotel was very safe and secure. Believe the hype on this one. It was a great hotel, with great prices, and a great location. Even though we went to NYC for leisure, we didn't mind staying in our hotel and hanging out there. I would reccommend this hotel for anyone. NYC is very expensive and you can get some poor service. But, you are not scrimping on price or service here!	
Apr 8 2008 	Great trip	Having read all the reviews about the Residence Inn it sounded like our sort of hotel. We wanted to be central to Times Square and the main attractions and it was perfect. The staff were very helpful and the concierge organised our tickets for downtown loop and Empire State Building which was great as we did not have to join the huge queues at 9.30am we just went straight to the lift. The city tour was well worth the money and provided us with lots of information as it cover 24hrs we had the use of it on two days which we really enjoyed it could be quite cold up on the open deck but some buses had a glass like roof which did not impede your view ,sitting downstairs in bus your view was restricted when looking at some of the sights. Our room on the 22nd floor 2211 did not have a great view it looked across onto an office block but this was not important as we were out all day. Considering we were in the middle of Manhatton it was very quiet which was very surprising as other guests we met with rooms looking out onto the Hudson River found they were more aware of traffic noise. The room was well equiped with kitchen and everything you could possibly need should you wish to cook I 'm afraid as it was our break I did not use the kitchen at all as the choice of restaurants was amazing. There was a dinning room table, seating area and a good sized flat screen TV.Towels were changed daily and plenty of them, toiletries were also replenished daily and the hairdryer was superb. Breakfast provided a good choice of cereals, porridge,fresh fruit, yogurts, juices, breads, rolls, pastries plus the usual cooked items. Tea and coffee available all day which was a nice touch. I could not fault this Marriott and look forward to going back to stay there in the future.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Hotel	Myself, my wife, 7 and 12 year old daughters loved the hotel. The location was great. Just a few blocks Broadway/Times Square.The room was ready for an early check in at 10:00 am. It was clean and looked very new. We did not use many of the hotel amenities including the restaurant and bar but they looked nice.We were on 31st floor so we had a good view of the city. I had not requested any particular view but was happy with what we got. It was also quiet.The staff was very friendly and helpful. All I ask for in a hotel is that it is clean and everything works so we loved the hotel. The free wireless internet was also a nice bonus.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Experience	We checked in on 2/23/08. When we arrived I asked if there were any rooms facing the Empire State Building or Bryant Park, the lady at the front desk, told me she would upgrade us at no charge to have 3 windows having a view of all. She then went in the back and brought out a tray of dried fruit and nuts to take to our room. A few mins after walking into the room, she called to see if we were satisfied with the room. I can't ask for better service than that! The room was spacious, had a refrigerator, microwave, etc. I was very impressed. The bathroom is very small, but it is clean, and that is most important to me. I think this hotel is in a great location. Walking distance to MSG or Time Square.	
Mar 29 2008 	New York City's Finest!	I recommend this hotel to every individual that I know that is traveling to NYC. The location of this hotel is incredible. (Close to major tourist attractions and subway lines, but off the beaten trail enough so you don't get caught in the chaos) I splurged for 2 nights in this hotel when I moved out of NYC and it was the best money I've ever spent. The hotel's service is the greatest in the city (and if you know NYC-- good service is hard to come by). In my comments, when I booked the hotel online, I'd written that we'd like a room with a view, if possible. The hotel upgraded our room the moment we walked in (and by that time I'd forgotten that I'd even made the request). They have a &quot;social time&quot; in the evenings, which actually means a buffet of food (they select the items. One night was spaghetti and salad, the next soup and salad). Although the dinner menu is only served Mon-Thursday, the amazing buffet breakfast is available daily. I cannot say enough about the FANTASTIC clean, spacious rooms and great service! I spent a year of my life as a New Yorker, and the final two nights in this amazing city, at this hotel, made me re-think leaving. I will never hesitate to stay at any Marriott location, as the three that I've visited in the past year have been nothing but AMAZING!ENJOY!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Good choice!	We have just returned from our first visit to NY. After weeks of research, I chose the Marriott Residence Inn. The junior suite was a little crowded but enough room for myself, my husband and my 13 yr old daughter. Positives include great location, useful kitchen, early check in, great complimentary full breakfast. Negatives include sofa bed not so comfortable, bathroom on the small side and not much drawer space. Would upgrade next time to a one-bedroom. Overall, a pleasant experience and feel I made the right choice.	
Mar 25 2008	Home away from home	I stayed at the Residence Inn last month. It was comfortable, the rooms were spacious. The highlight was the free buffet breakfast!!...especially since the weather outside was freezing!!Wish there was a doorman though..to help with the bags. This is a great hotel for persons who are frequent visitors to newyork..not first timers!!...Concierge service is not very evident!!	
Mar 25 2008	Loved the Residence Inn	My family loved the Residence Inn. Everything about this Inn was perfect. Our room was clean and comfortable. I loved having a kitchen in the room. There are deli's close by so you can buy grocery items to keep in your room if you desire.  The location was perfect for us and the breakfast buffet was wonderful. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great Hotel	The Residence Inn Times Square was generally a great hotel for our 4 night stay while attending the Big East Basketball Tournament at Madison Square Garden. The staff was friendly and at times very helpful. Our request of an early check in was honored. I had asked for a corner room, but this was not available. The room on the 6th floor was clean and spacious considering this is New York City. It was wonderful having a fridge and microwave which is unheard of in other NYC hotels. The location is excellent--a less than 10minute walk to the Theater District, Times Square and Madison Square Garden.One of the best things about this hotel is the hot and free breakfast that is included with the room rate. The buffet was always well stocked and there was plenty of seating. The workers were exceedingly nice. They were courteous and helpful and went out of their way to take care of you.Only two things kept me from giving this hotel an excellent rating. The bathrooms are extremely small. You are barely able to close the door once you are inside. The other issue Is the concierge. As opposed to the other employees, these people are not too interested in helping you out. It seems they are very tuned into helping when the request centers around a situation they can make money on. When I inquired about the time the half price ticket booth for Broadway shows opens, the concierge did not know. When I asked him to go to the organization's website to check, he said they didn't have one. I then walked over to the lobby computer and found it myself!!! I appreciate the fact that the Residence Inn had a free computer for customers.Aside from this, the Residence Inn Times Square is a fantastic property for the price. We werecompletely satisfied from check in to check out. This is a top notch property that I would recommend to anyone planning to visit NYC. Your dollar goes far here, which usually not the case in New York. A completely comfortable stay.	
Mar 17 2008 	The best!	We got a great deal through the hotel website. Winter sale. 209.00 Great rate considering the rooms are well over 300. Our room was not quite ready when we arrived, so they upgraded us to a larger corner room with 3 windows. (1402) It was great. All new appliances, the best bed,, comfy couch. The water pressure was a bit slow, but no big deal. When we mentioned we were in the city for my 40th bday, the next day, the concierge came to the door and delivered a comp. bottle of champagne an balloons. I was so impressed and it meant alot. The breakfast buffet in the morning is great and INCLUDED in the price. Eggs, sausage, belgian waffles, homefreis, cereal, different muffins, rolls and cereal..It is so worth it. Just go before 9 as it tends to get busy. The lobby area is great to relax. Fireplace, nice, comfy chairs and couches. It is a very large area, so you never feel cramped. We will stay here again. It is perfect for the TImes Square area. Less then 5 minutes to Times Square and Broadway. Cna't wait to go back. The staff are all so kind and professional.	
Mar 7 2008	Couldnt of asked for any better!!	Well were do i start?My boyfriend and I had planned our 5 day trip 5 months in advance and had originally booked a different hotel. However i checked this site 2 weeks before traveling only to find very poor reviews so made the decision to change to the Residence Inn. In our opinion we made the best decision! On arrival the hotel staff were fantastic...giving us a choice of rooms on the top middle or bottom floors...naturally we chose the highest room which turned out to give us an unbelivable view of the Empire State Building (and we had no problems with Elavators in the morning!).Family members even commented how friendly the staff were when she phoned to speak to us from England. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bed was huge and extra comfy, perfect to come back to after a long day sight seeing! The bedding and towels were changed every day as well as all our dishes being cleaned and the floors hoovered. The breakfast is included and was fresh which a large choice including muffins, bagels, waffles, fruit and then eggs sauages and bacon!. The location was perfect one block from 5th Ave, Times Sq and Broadway! At the end of our stay we were given a late check out with no problems at all! Everything about this hotel helped make our trip what it was...perfect!!	
Feb 29 2008 	This is the place to be !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Talk about getting your moneys worth. This is the place we paid about 244 a night for 5 nights. We had a BIG room for just the 2 of us an excellent view with extra pillows, blankets, all you need the front desk makes sure you have evrything immediately. The breakfast roomsss are big and have a view too plus the breakfast all you can eat buffet with so much stuff like eggs, pancakes, sausage, crossiants, bagels all that good stuff plus more.. the only negative is housekeeping takes long but they come between 9 and 5 so your room will get done. The t.v. was big and flat and the shower was the best after a long day nice water pressure and good temperature the bathroom is big too. I love this hotel. Did i mention the location is excellent too. Everything took like 5 mintues to get too and i hate to walk far hah so that was great. So you'll save money because you dont have to take a taci or nothing.	
Feb 28 2008 	very pleasant experience	After extensive online research, I booked a King Suite at this hotel for a mother/daughter weekend with my teenager. Our trip was delayed by one day due to a Nor'easter here in New England and the staff at the hotel was kind enough to rebook us at the same great rate without penalty. Upon arrival we were warmly greeted and &quot;upgraded&quot; to a corner room on the 27th floor with a nice view. The room was exactly as pictured in previous reviews - wonderful bed w/extra pillows, nice kitchenette and small but functional bath with an oversized dual showerhead and plenty of hot water. The third floor lounge was enormous and a peaceful place to grab a cup of coffee and complimentary newspapers (including NYTimes). Breakfast selection was good and as mentioned in an earlier review even better on Monday than over the weekend. Easy walk to Broadway, Macy's, Rockefeller center, etc. From the front desk to the housekeeping, the staff was very accommodating. We had no problems with the elevators but were there on a quiet weekend and up fairly early. I must add that the room was quieter than expected for NYC and was only awaken one night by an ambulance siren. I would highly recommend thishotel to both business travelers and small families and plan to make this my hotel of choice for future visits.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great experience	We've stayed in budget hotels, boutique hotels and high-end chains (when my office was footing the bill), and this was one of the best, if not the best, place we've stayed in New York in the last decade.When we arrived after a long, aggravating day of travel, the nice lady at reception upgraded us to a larger room with a view (that's NEVER happened to us before) and gave us some complimentary snacks. The room was great -- immaculately clean, very spacious for NYC and comfortable. It was really convenient to have a kitchenette in the room (stored water we bought at nearby market and delicious treats we bought on Bleeker St.). We don't have kids yet, but I think this would be a great option for families b/c in the end you would save money with the free breakfast, pull-out couches in the rooms and kitchenette to have snacks/reheat last night's leftovers for lunch.We liked this place so much, we've booked a room for our next trip up in May.	
Feb 21 2008 	Good Hotel good location	We generally find that Residence Inns are good, and this was no exception.Room was clean, quiet and comfortable (our main requirements). Room was modern although smaller than ususal Residence rooms.Nice breakfast included in room rate.Good location - couple of blocks from Times Square - we felt safe walking back to this hotel with our young family.	
Feb 20 2008 	Same as last time....Perfect!	Location is perfect, staff is pleasant and helpful, rooms are large and clean. For the price, you don't get much better than this.	
Feb 19 2008 	Best deal and great location	I used Trip advisor Reviews to help in selecting The Residense Inn by Marriott Times square and was pleased with the results.The hotel is in a great location for Times square, we could easily walk to theaters and dinning.We stayed in room 1606 and had a great view of The Empire State Building. The room was clean and large enough to comfortably handle three people with a king bed and pullout sofa. It was also nice to have a fridge to store some snacks and drinks.The included hot breakfast was a nice bonus.We plan to stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend it.	
Feb 19 2008 	Agree with positive reviews of this hotel	Stayed five days here and were very impressed with everything about the hotel - would definitely go back. Best things were super free breakfast, really nice area for breakfast\reading\relaxing, location , really comfy beds and friendly staff. We got around the elevator problems at busy times by asking for a room on a lower floor and using the stairs.Only disappointment was price of drink in the bar - 14$ for glass of red wine!	
Feb 3 2008 	Very Disappointed	I booked this hotel about 7 months beofre my arrival, a View King room.Arrived at the hotel and were put in an exception studio on a lower floor (cheaper room)and were told that we were in a view room. Yes, a view of the tops of surrounding buildings and the street below. Furniture in room and walls, doors etc were severley scratched and chipped. Bed was very comfortable, bathroom small but functional. Paper thin walls. Disgusting breakfast that too was ok. What wasn't ok was the fact that three staff told me that I was in a view room when clearly I wasn't. I was fed up with questioning this and went on and enjoyed the rest of New York. At the end of our stay I asked another female night manager about the view rooms and shock horror, I was told that I wasn't in one. To this managers credit she was very apologetic, and provided a refund of the difference. We also found out that this had happened to many people as the clerks at the front desk seemed to be upgrading people to view rooms without checking, hence if a view room person arrived later in the day/night there were none left.I can understnad a lot of what happens, but to be lied to by so many staff I cannot understand and find appalling. This is not the first tiome I have had a problem with a Marriott brand and after this will never stay again and I warn you, make sure you get what you pay for.	
Jan 31 2008 	business travellers avoid this hotel	This hotel is another time square tourist attraction. We business travellers need internet access for after hours work, but what this hotel provides is a 1K speed net access, controlled VPN access (sometimes works, sometimes doesn't, goes down all the time due to the limited speed). If you don't need internet access the hotel is OK, but if you do, just stay away	
Jan 30 2008 	Really Top Notch	This hotel proved to be the perfect choice for four nights in the city for a 'sister's trip'. Three of us found the room workable with its pull out couch and though we didn't use the kitchen, the extra area gave a feeling of space. The location is fabulous, though 'Times Square' is quite a ways away. Everything was spotless and all the appointments looked as if they had just been replaced - curtains. linens, etc. seemed brand new. Though there is no real lobby, the lovely library-style space where breakfast is served, is as charming a relaxing public area as could be asked for. The staff is welcoming and helpful - just delightful - and the nearby Simply Pasta and Bryant Park Grill restaurants are great choices for lunch or dinner.I'd go back in a heartbeat!	
Jan 30 2008	Absolutely Ideal!!!	We stayed from 22 Dec through to Jan 5. After months and months of research, I booked 2 rooms here ( 2 adults 4 teens). Without a doubt we picked a brilliant hotel.The hotel was spotlessly clean, the beds are THE BEST we have ever slept on. Yes bathroom is small, but I knew that beforehand from other reviews. We prefer a clean bathroom to a big one.We had a teen ( 18 &amp; 15 )sleep on each sofa in each room, they didn't complain once, so obviously fine.Yes elevators are slow at 9.00am, so that was great incentive to get to breakfast at 8.15. So instead of people whinging, just get up a touch earlier, then fit more into your day.The staff could not do enough to assist, all our request were carried out instantly. Loved the location , close to Times Sq ( yet never heard noise through the night), 1 block from subway, Bryant Park, close to Maceys, MSG, ESB.Don't hesitate in booking Residence Inn, even after 12 nights here still couldn't find a fault.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great location Great Service	This is a nice little hotel, in a great location. I stayed two nights, and it was perfectly fine for my hectic schedule that weekend. The room was nicely decorated with newer upgrades and the bed was very, very comfortable. I'm a native New Yorker and there are still some things about the city that I've not taken the time to notice, so it was nice that we had a view of the Empire State Bldg.Breakfast was good, however if you stay during the weekend, get there early as the hotel is full. The staff was friendly and helpful. Yuliya was especially nice and we appreciated her attention to detail. I have no complaints.	
Jan 27 2008 	Another great Marriott experience	Stayed 3 nights and couldn't fault anything. Great room with kitchen area and view of Empire State. Friendly, helpful and courteous staff. Excellent mid-town location and very good value for money. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 27 2008 	Loved The Residence Inn !!!!!!	We stayed at the Residence Inn from Dec.28th until Jan 4th, we had a great time. There were 3 of us my 12 year old son, husband and myself. As said in every review before the beds are sooooo comfy, I did not want to leave it, my son thought the pull out couch was OK. Rooms a decent size, very clean, bathroom a bit small but you don't go to New York to spent a lot of time in the bathroom. Did not hear a sound from the other rooms or corridors. We did experience a problem with the lifts on two occasions, but that was because we were late going down for breakfast, if you go down before 8.45 no problems. The breakfast was very good, a great selection of everything to suit.The location was perfect, Times sq 5mins, Bryant pk across the street and the ice skating was brill and Macy's and Hearld sq 10 mins away.I would really love to stay here again, and we are planning a trip for October but the price they are looking for has doubled from what we paid, and I personally don't think it is worth $539 per night, I really did not mind paying $399 peak and then $209 for the off peak nights. Staff very friendly also.	
Jan 23 2008 	Fantastic!	We (couple with a teenager) stayed here over Christmas 2007, and lovedit! We've just had a month long trip to the USA, and this was absolutely the best hotel we stayed in. We were on the 23rd floor, andthe only (small) problem we had was with the elevators being extremelyslow at peak times.The staff were excellent, the breakfasts were wonderful - I have no idea why anyone would complain about the selection or quantity. Every single day there was ample selection and amounts. We only went to the evening social hour one night out of the eight nights that we stayed, but it was good, too. Plenty of washing machines and dryers in the laundry room, bed was comfortable, teenager claimed the sofa bed was fine, too. Excellent location, subway very close by, skating in Bryant Park was fun. We requested and got a view of the Empire State Building, too.Would absolutely stay here again.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Stay in NY - Dec 07	We stayed at the residence at Christmas 2007 and loved the hotel. The bed is very comfortable (and &quot;high&quot; as my wife likes) and they provided extra pillows and towels as requested. They also put us high up and facing the ESB as requested. As the hotel is still new, all the facilities are in excellent condition. The room is a nice size and you have your nice little kitchenette/breakfast bar. Perfect. Great view and a real sense of being among the skyscrapers for a bargain price of $200 - booked direct via their website. I have no idea how this is only a 3* on Tripadvisor as it was definitely a 4* for us. We did not mind waiting a bit patiently for the lifts. We only had more than a 5 minute wait when we left the hugely popular breakfast buffet just before it finished - this is peak time, when everybody is using the lift so something has to give! They have signs in the lifts advising people to come earlier, but we, like most people came as late as we liked - so we knew there would be a bit of a wait - no problem!The only reason I am not giving the hotel 5 stars is because of the noise element. I was woken up by our heating in the middle of the night - extremely noisy. Perhaps we mis-set it, but still...Secondly the toilet cisterns were very noisy, including those next door. Thirdly, when the neighbouring room doors closed, it was like it was in our room. This was not a major factor and did not spoil our stay, since there were only a few incidences, but it's something they should work on. Location is great: two minutes to classy Bryant Park but just 5 minutes from Times Square - perfect combination! One tip, the Bryant Deli/Market next to the hotel does an excellent lunchtime &quot;buffet&quot; take-out. We were lucky they had just put it out. It was all still very fresh and the quality was very high. For the uninitiated, you are charged by the pound and can take any combination you like. It was excellent value. We ate ours in Bryant Park watching the skaters, but you can always take it to your room and heat it up in the microwave if necessary. All in all we would definitely go back and we recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great location good for an extended stay	Stayed here for five weeks in Nov-Dec 2007. Hotel location is excellent; round the corner from Broadway, less than ten mins' walk from Macy's, two minutes from Bryant Park, five mins from Fifth Avenue, and about ten mins' walk from the Port Authority (good for those who want to take a day trip to Woodbury Common shopping mall - highly recommended!). Hailing a taxi from outside the hotel wasn't difficult and there's a subway station right beside it. My room on the 35th floor was quiet and had a view north up 6th Avenue and over Bryant Park. It had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in - no exaggeration. The bathroom was small but very clean and nicely appointed; shower was excellent and there was also a bath. The room had a safe, an ironing board and a &quot;proper&quot; iron. There's a laundry in the basement which costs a dollar per wash and per dry - washing powder's available free from the front desk. The dry cleaning service was good - same day delivery and the prices weren't bad. Broadband internet access was available by wireless but could be a bit slow. My only issue with the room would be that it was very stuffy; there was no way to open the window further than a few centimetres, so getting fresh air in was a bit difficult. There was a kitchenette with a huge fridge and a dishwasher; these were useful but I could have done with a &quot;hob&quot; or ring for saucepans - I hadn't been made aware that this was available on request. There's a 24-hour deli on the corner of the block next to the hotel. You can also get hot snacks at the hotel bar on the second floor; it's tiny but nice and has a pool table. There's a &quot;hospitality hour&quot; in the evenings from Mon-Thurs, where snacks, soup, salad and so on are served to guests. Breakfast is really rather good - selection of hot food like sausages, bacon, potatoes, French toast, waffles, pancakes, oatmeal and so on (skip the eggs as they were nasty!), as well as pastries, bread, cheese and fruit. I'd advise getting down to breakast as early as you can as it gets a bit hectic after 8.30, particularly on weekends. As other reviewers have pointed out, the single biggest problem the hotel has is its elevator system. Getting a lift in either direction between 8.30 and 10.30 was very difficult - I waited up to ten minutes on occasion. It appeared that some of the lifts weren't even in service as it seemed to be the same two that were always in use at breakfast time.Front desk service on arrival and during the stay was fine; however on departure I encountered some problems. There was absolutely no flexibility as regards check-out times; I requested checkout of 2pm but was told I had to be out by 11.30 at the latest or else I'd have to pay for another half-day. This despite the fact that we had paid for thirty nights already! Also, the manners of the male concierge left a lot to be desired; quite at odds with any other hotel concierge I've dealt with. The doormen/porters were pleasant and polite. All in all it was a nice stay - if the Residence Inn irons out those few wrinkles in its service I've no doubt it'll get more five-star ratings from those on prolonged stays.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Location	We just returned from a three night stay at the Residence Inn and found it to be a comfortable place with a convenient location. We could walk or hop on the subway to anywhere in Manhattan easily. Our room had a partial view of the Empire State Building and the layout was comfortable for three of us. The staff was friendly and helpful. There were a few issues though - The bathroom had a moldy smell that never went away and the smoke detector and carbon monoxide alarms would go off and off and off. WE informed the desk and they said they would fix, but they continued to reoccur and we finally had to take them apart to fix ourselves. Very frustrating late at night after a long day.The Inn provided breakfast daily and a light supper during the week. On Thursday night they didn't provide anything and failed to give notice that this would be happening. No apologies were given - more or less a too bad, so sad response.This would be one of those places that I might or might not consider again depending on information available at the time..	
Jan 5 2008 	Residence Rocks!	Our first night of the year was at the lovely Residence Inn Hotel. If you are comparing, search no further. This hotel is comfortable, incredibly well located and reasonably well priced. It has a glorious shower, comfortable beds and a hearty breakfast. The location is spectacular- almost across the street from Bryant Park and the New York Public library, two blocks from Times Square and a short walk from the Rockefeller Center. The view of the Empire State building was magnificent. We had a fabulous dinner at Becco in the Chelsea neighborhood, delivery from Virgil's and wonderful croissants from the Le Croissaint Shop next door. One of the great blessings of the trip was being able to let our little 4 and 7 year old daughters rest in our nest. We will never stay anywhere else in NY!	
Jan 5 2008 	Really Impressed	I have recently returned from my first visit to New York with my wife and 2 young children. I would first like to point out my respect for the excellent staff we met - from the porter, to housekeeping and reception staff. It was a busy time of year (between Christmas and New Year) and we felt welcomed and valued as customers.Our room (1808) was very spacious as was the bathroom - this may be because it was a disabled room. We had the sofa bed permanently made up and there was still plenty of space. The kitchen area was handy because we have a baby. The staff came to our room and made up the crib which was brilliant!We had a magical view of the Empire State Building!I read many reviews prior to travelling regarding the complimentary breakfast. Perhaps I had lower expectations because of these, but we found the breakfast both plentiful and of a satisfactory quality.The location of the hotel is terrific. You are literally 3 minutes walk from Macys at Herald Square. A further 2 minutes and you arrive at the Empire State Building. Madison Square Gardens is also very close by. Times Square is only 10 minutes walk away.Nearby Bryant Park was beautiful with all of the Christmas Decorations and Ice Rink erected. It was such a nice surprise to find in the middle of a busy city.	
Jan 1 2008	Great hotel value and locationFamily of Four should request an 08 room	Stayed here from Dec 23rd to 31st in an 08 room with our two teenage kids after looking at an 06 and 12 room which was too small for the four of us. Sergio was our bellman and suggested an 08 room and made it happen for us! Our 08 room looked at the Empire State Building and was a handicap accessible room which wasat least 25% larger than the standard rooms and cost us no more.This larger room was a necessity for us as one of our teens slept on the sofa bed (comfortable with a down comforter put on top which housekeeping provided us) and the other teen slept on a twin sized blow up bed that fit between the sofa bed and the L shaped kitchen (granite)counter. In the smaller rooms this bed would not have fit. Our room had about 5 feet between the sofa bed and our king bed when the sofabed was pulled out. The smaller rooms had just enough room to pull out the sofa bed before it almost touched the end of the other bed.We paid $169.00/nt. leading up to Christmas and then just after we paid $311.00/nt.Pros:1 Location is very good. Extremely quiet location (in garment district but nearer to Bryabnt Park)but less than one block from BDFand V trains and a few blocks from the thick of things in Times Square. All other trains were within a few blocks.We rode the subway for 8 days and never felt the location was inconvenient to anywhere we traveled and we traveled all over the city as well as to Queens, Brooklyn and New Jersey.2. Rooms and common areas are super clean and brand new looking (2 years old) Breakfast and light dinner reception served on 3rd floor in a beautiful, warm lounge with some TVs., tables chairs and many upscale decorations and sofas as well,3. Great value. The breakfasts are huge and free. Waffles, french toast, sausage, eggs, oatmeal, breads, yogurt, danish, canned fruits, fresh fruits, granolas, cereals, juices, coffee, teas etc Had dinner reception one night which was both meat and veggie lasagna and nice salad bar.4. only 12 rooms are on each floor which makes for very quiet floors, hardly ever heard noise from outside our room. 5. Large windows (2 in our room) and they open out at the bottom if you want fresh air.5. Kitchen with full fridge and micro, large kitchen sink and nice L shaped counterspace which my daughter and I sat at and did our makeup while my son and husband got ready in the bathroom.This was a huge time saver for us in the mornings. Beautiful wood cabinets (lots of storage in cabinets) and granite counters.6.Cooktops are available by request and large crockpot in each room! Didn't use for anything else but to leave on for 10 hrs at a time (had timer) filled with water to put some humidity in the air. 7. Good, not large fitness center....has precors, treadmills, bikes and wieghts (not weight machines.) TV and bottled water in this room.8. Super comfortable (down) Simmons pillowtop beds, sofa bed needs duvet comnforter to be quite comfy for 1 teen or 2 small children9. Everything in rooms in perfect working condition, lots of outlets and large flat screen TVCons:1. Only 1 bed (either queen or king )in all rooms. Also a sofabed in each room2. Very little clothes storage for 4 people. One small closet and one3 drawer small chest the TV sat on and 2 small chests with 2 drawer next to either side of bed. Large window sills in front of each window became the shelves for the rest of our clothing!3.During full occupancy as when we were there, the elevators (4 for 360 rooms) were slow most times and were filled to capacity at all times.4. Breakfast is hard for them to keep up with at times during full capacity. Found more food avail either early or just before it closed (10am during holidays)5. Conceirge are fair at best....Friendly expcept for hispanic woman at night but not too outgoing or knowledgable other than the very basics, ie. directions, general restaurant info, where TKTS for discount booths are located etc.6. No separate bedrooms (all one rrom) but to get this is about double in cost at the DoubleTree Guest Suites Times Square.7. Not in the middle of the action of Times Square but within a few minutes walkAll in all, this hotel is a great choice for most travelers, is brand new looking in the rooms and common areas and offers the best value of any hotel we found. We will definitely stay here again but it must be an 08 room for the 4 of us to be comfortable. Breakfast and light dinner reception makes it a great value as we ate one nice meal out each day and sometimes another light meal at night. Bar also available on 3rd floor but never went. For sports enthuisasts, games were being watched both at the bar and at the TV in the brkfst/dinner reception lounge on 3rd floor. Usually quiet enough to turn on &quot;your game.&quot;	
Jan 1 2008	nice location - very poor service	Hotel was in a good location and close to Times Square; however, the elevators were incredibly insufficient. As quest we would have to wait for 2, 3, 4, or 5 elevators sometimes because they were inadequate for the number of guest in the hotel. Staff was helpful enough but the coffee bar on the 3rd floor was often out of tea and creamer in the evening and was usually a total mess – trash running over, spills, etc……..that looked like it had been that was for hours. Housekeeping did well at servicing the room but very poor performers when it came to request like extra blankets etc…..Overall it was good but only good……..not great.	
Dec 27 2007 	Liked the location	The hotel states it is in Times Square which it isn't so we found the room price to be a little high ($599 for a Monday night). The room was somewhat small for a suite and the bathroom is just large enough for one person. The kitchen was a nice asset but make sure you request the burner to cook on. The staff on the front desk, bar and buffet were above average. The valet staff needs improvement but do take advantage of the service. All in all I would stay here again.	
Dec 26 2007	Excellent choice with children!!	Absolutely loved my stay at this hotel and will definitely try to stay there again. Got a $200 rate for a Saturday before Christmas...not bad. Got a room on the 32nd floor so very quiet and great view of the empire state building. Didn't need the kitchen but used the pull out sofa bed for our 6 year old. Loved, loved, loved the comfortable sheets and bed. It was heavenly!!! The buffet breakfast was perfect. It had scrambled eggs, sausage, bagels, and all the fixings (peanut butter, cream cheese, jelly, etc.), potatoes, pancakes, fruit bar, oatmeal, coffee and juice stations, yogurts, different breads, etc. I mean it was all we could want and more for an included breakfast. It kept me full all day. Yes, the elevators are slow and they stop on all the floors, but it wouldn't deter me from asking for the high floor again b/c it was so quiet. I thought it was spotless - the entire room and bathroom was very nice with nice tile, lighting and just very very clean and shining. I thought it was a steal! Walked one ave to l and t's for window shopping and couldn't have asked for a better location. Central to times square, and 5th ave, but quiet and not as hectic being on 6th ave. Can't wait to stay again. My daughter and husband loved it. We valet the car for $45. That took 30 min to pick up. The staff was very friendly and we had the quickets check in and check out ever. We live in NJ, and travel quite a bit, and this hotel was really really great.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great hotel right near the action!	My husband surprised me on our anniversary weekend with a trip to New York. He booked a suite at the Residence Inn Times Square. The front desk staff was friendly and hospitable, which was great since we didn't get to the hotel until almost midnight. Our suite was great -- hardwood floor entry, perfectly appointed kitchen, a flat screen TV, spacious sleeping/lounging/changing areas, and a very comfortable bed. And best of all, an incredible view of the Empire State Building. Additionally, the location couldn't get much better if you're playing tourists as we were. We were able to walk to Broadway, the ESB, and to great shopping areas. We ate a late lunch at the hotel bar, which was delicious. Again, the bartender was very friendly. We had a late outbound flight on Sunday and the hotel held all of our baggage for us during the day so we could go sightsee without the hassle. Very nice not to have to worry about that. One note -- I believe the entire hotel is non-smoking. A plus in my book, but thought I would mention it in case your preference is smoking. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel while staying in NY!	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Location - Friendly staff	Have recently returned from NYC and this hotel is very good value considering the location and breakfast offered. We were on floor 5 so didn't have a view of Empire State but to be honest for us that didn't matter. The room was large(I have stayed in many NYC hotels where you could not get the proverbial cat in to swing), the room was immaculate with small bathroom and good kitchen facilites and sofa. The king size bed was extremely comfortable - a nice welcome after a hard days shopping for Christmas. It is very close to all shopping and tourist districts - all within walking distance. The subway at 42nd and Bryant Park was only a minutes walk away which was useful. The staff on entering the lobby were always helpful and cheerful and I only have praise for them dealing with all sorts of situations with good grace.	
Dec 17 2007	Loved this place!!	I stayed here overnight on the 9th of December with my mom and my son. I thought it was great- one of the cleanest rooms I've ever stayed in. The bed and pillows were super comfortable, which is always risky. The room was spotless, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. We dealt with at least 4 different staff members the two days we were there, and one was nicer than the last.I also thought the breakfast was fantastic- hot and cold. I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants to sight see- it's centrally located. So I think I've made my point- I loved it!!	
Dec 17 2007 	Great room great location	Fantastic location just a few blocks from times square, penn plaza, etc.Nice studio room with modern furniture, full kitchen, and comfy bed.Comp. breakfast buffet was delicious- standard fare, but well done.Would def stay here again!	
Dec 16 2007 	Very good hotel for New York	Stayed here from 12 December for 3 nights. Hotel is only 2 blocks from Times square and only a 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station.The hotel is very clean and the staff are very helpfull we arrived 5 hours early and they still found us a room .There is a good buffet breakfast and a bar that opens in the evenings till 12pm.There are hundreds of restaurants within walking distance.Have been to other hotels in new york and can say this is the best yet.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great views	I used Marriott Reward points to stay at this hotel which meant it didn't cost me a penny! I chose this hotel over all of the other Marriotts in NYC based on the other TripAdvisor reviews and I can guarantee that they were accurate. Prior to my stay I had requested a view of the Empire State Building if possible, and had ordered some homemade cookies and milk. We got a great view from our 33rd floor room (3306), and the cookies portion was excellent and delicious. The studio room had excellent kitchen facilities although I only used the fridge. Everything else was very good. The elevator was generally fine, but was busy around 9am at the weekend. Breakfast was slightly disappointing - the range of food was good but the waffles were cold and chewy. We only had breakfast once and ate out the other days. Hotel staff were very friendly and the concierge was useful for information and dinner reservations. Location was spot on - a few blocks from Times Square, next to Bryant Park and the subway was handy too - although we didn't need to use it much. I would recommend this hotel for the quality, comfort (the bed is wonderful) and of course, the location.	
Dec 12 2007 	Excellent experience!	Booked same day - great rate of $199 for a Kingsize bed suite with queen sofabed, full kitchen and bath. Free in-room wi-fi, Free HOT (bacon, eggs etc) buffet breakfast (superb quality), terrific location 1 block form Bryant Park - our room had a very nice view of the skating rink there - we requested and got early (12 noon) check-in, ALL staff were wonderful and super-professional from the housekeepers to the concierge (who booked us a car to La Guardia fully inclusive of tip etc. for less than we have ever paid before and perfectly on-time, no body-odor driver etc.) The room was lovely - granite/stainless steel kitchen, superbly appointed bathroom, comfortable sofa-bed (rare!), fine bed linens, good selection of free cable TV etc. etc. - plenty of space - this was really an fantastic experience all-round - no complaints at all!	
Dec 4 2007 	Excellent service location and room	The hotel's location can not be beat. It is withing walking distance of Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue and so much more. Service was simply excellent, prompt valet service, great concierge, helpful staff, excellent breakfast.The room was the largest I have ever had in NY, very well appointed and super clean.To top it off the price was unbeatable at $199.I could not ask for better, it's a 5 star.	
Dec 1 2007 	Second Stay also a Success	My wife and I stayed in this hotel over the Thanksgiving weekend. We did so last year at the same time of year. Both times we enjoyed our stay here. Breakfast is included and it is plentiful and delicious. A happy hour is held from 5:30PM to 7 PM (no alcohol) but that was wonderful as well. Situated close to Times Square and Broadway. Subway very close by. Bryant Park is 1 block away and had many temporary shops and ice skating. Staff was pleasant enough, but we did have several requests go unanswered. We asked for a new change of linens each night contrary to hotel policy of only Tuesday and Friday. 3x this was requested and never honored. The TV had a faulty connection to the cable outlet and I had to play TV repairman more than once. The corner light stand did not operate at all. The bathroom was extremely small--room for one person only and just getting the door closed you had to pay attention or else. We stayed in 3104 which gave us a nice view of the Empire State Building. However last year we stayed in 2206 and it was much much bigger. Rooms ending in 06 and 08 are much bigger and those facing the Empire State building are the ones you want to request. With city and state tax we paid $352/night for this hotel, so the value received is borderline in my opinion. For that much money I want a fresh change of linens and towels. We are very conservative and do not waste, so for one week out of the year we like to indulge with fresh linens. All things considered we enjoyed our stay as repeat visitors. Next year though I will be price shopping more than I did this year.	
Nov 29 2007 	Great Hotel in NYC	We just stayed overnight in NYC and this hotel was really nice. It was clean and pretty spacious for the city. I've stayed at a few hotels in NYC, and I will be staying in this hotel from now on.	
Nov 27 2007	Thanksgiving Stay	We stayed 5 nights over Thanksgiving. The big plus is the location. Despite another poster's comments, there is actually a subway station exactly 1 block from the hotel (the F train, 40th St. &amp; Bryant Park station, which is at the corner of 40th a &amp; Avenue of the Americas). Elevators were not great, but not that bad either, except during prime breakfast time. Even then, I think 3 or 4 minutes was the max we waited. The breakfast wasn't worth waiting for anyway. We did eat cereal and bagels, coffee and juice, but the one morning I wanted hot food, all of the food was &quot;out&quot;. I'm sure they came out with more, but they should plan better, as the line then gets very long. Three doors down from the hotel is The Croissant Shop which has fabulous house-baked croissants, so mostly we ate there. Service/staff was excellent and friendly with one exception (still friendly, just not excellent). We asked for an additional comforter (for the sofabed, so the springs wouldn't be felt) and an additional thin sofa-bed blanket. The guy at the front desk just could not get it through his head that I wanted a comforter and a blanket, not a blanket and a flat sheet. So, nothing showed up. Next day, I asked again and got exactly what we asked for.The room, when the sofabed is closed, is nice-sized. We ended up not using the kitchen, except for soda. The regular bed is very comfortable.They recently added WiFi. Worked well in one part of the room, not in another. The bathroom is tiny, for one person at a time only. But our biggest problem with the room wasn't the size of the bathroom, it was the fact that the shower was truly pathetic. At first, we had no pressure and only lukewarm water. We told them to call us if they couldn't fix it, and we'd return to change rooms. They called us and told us it was fixed. Ha! (Not). We called again. This time the engineer came right away and fixed the heat issue by tightening a value, but that didn't help the &quot;pressure&quot; issue. The stream of water from the rainshower head was as light as a summer mist, and from the hand-shower so narrow that I could circle my thumbs and forefingers around the water. Awful. I have no idea if other rooms are better, or if this is what they consider &quot;normal&quot;, but they will get a letter of complaint from me. I didn't pay $400 a night for the worst hotel shower I've ever had. Lastly, on our last night, the clock radio alarm didn't go off and the wakeup call we asked for never came. I realize these are all small issues (well, except the shower), but all in all, next time we want a hotel in this same category, we'll stay at the Courtyard Midtown East next time (stayed there before and liked it better).	
Nov 25 2007 	Great experience	My mom and I stayed here the week of Thanksgiving. The hotel was nice. Very clean and quiet. The free breakfast was wonderful..We even took advantage of the free pasta supper one night and it was pretty good also, even better free! We really didn't have a problem with the elevators at all and keep in mind we were there on Thanksgiving Day! One morning we slept in late and didn't get to breakfast until about 9:15. We had to wait a few minutes on the elevators but it was no big deal..The hotel location was very convenient to Times Square and Macy's. The first couple of days we walked up to Rockefeller center and Radio City but by the 3rd day we were so tired of walking that we just took a cab. The hotel is on 39th and 6thand Rockefeller Plaza and Radio City is around 50th so it was a little bit of a walk but still not bad. Fifth Ave is just one street over and Lord and Taylors is near by but the major designers stores like Tiffanys, Prada, Armani, etc are up closer to Rockerfeller so if you are going to do some major shopping you may want to stay up near there. I still believe the Pros outweigh the Cons. You can't beat the free breakfast and suppers.. If you are on a budget this is the way to go!I thought my bed at home was comfortable but i was wrong.. The hotel bed is the most comfortable i've ever slept in. Oh the view of the Empire State building from our room was awesome. We were in room 2004! I think the even numbers give the best views! Photos to come shortly!	
Nov 25 2007	excellant	very friendly staff couldnt do enough for you, location good. rooms were very clean beds are so comfortable i wanted to take it home!! continental breakfast was good doesnt matter what time you arrive if something isnt there the staff are more than happy to get it for you. excellant hotel i will stay here again.	
Nov 6 2007	Great hotel	My teenage daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights. Great hotel for tourists. Very quiet and location was excellent for siteseeing. Easy to walk to TimeSquare and the subway station a few short blocks away. We even walked to the Theater district. Rooms were spacious for NYC and kitchen area was very nice even though we did not use it. Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was very tiny but nice. Included breakfast was convenient but not great. They were often out of food and the staff seemed to have trouble keeping things stocked. Pretty much the same bland items each morning with little variety. The usual scrambled eggs, sausage, waffles , some okay looking muffins, toast, bagels, cereal, yogurt, and some fruit (which they always ran out of). The oatmeal would usually be out or almost out also. We never had a problem with the elevator or had to wait long even though the hotel was quite busy. Hotel has a computer and printer for guests in the lobby area and a concierge desk.	
Nov 4 2007 	Good but not great	This is a good property, with nice rooms that feature full kitchens. Very nice lounge area, in which breakfast is provided. The lobby is small and gets crowded. The staff is helpful and efficient. Pretty good location, although is several blocks from a subway station (in Manhattan, there are plenty of hotels within a block of a subway station). The only complaint is that there isn't enough elevator capacity (I think re-programming them would solve the problem; there appear to be enough). This causes annoyingly long waits, especially at breakfast time.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Residence Inn for 5 nights in Oct 07. We had a great stay, couldn't fault it at all. As it was for a special occasion I emailed to ask if we could be upgraded if there was any available &amp; when we checked in we were offered a 3 windowed cornor suite, which gave us more room. The bed was very, very comfortable. Our son slept on the sofa bed which was ok, (he was so tried he would have slept on anything). The breakfast was great a good selection of hot &amp; cold food, &amp; it saved time in the mornings. We didn't have a problem with having to wait for the lifts but we were up early every day. Great location within walking distance of most attractions &amp; shops. We can't wait to visit New York again &amp; will stay at the Residence Inn if we can.	
Oct 30 2007	Fantastic Hotel	My daughter, age 22, and I stayed at the Residence Inn Oct. 26 - 28 and had a wonderful experience. She was in New York for a Fashion Seminar, and I went along for the company and to sight see while she was busy. I had visited the marriott.com website to find out about properties in Times Square since I am a rewards member of the Marriott chain of hotels. I then called the hotel, and they guaranteed me the best price possible, and said they had a policy where I would not find a better price anywhere for their property. They were right!! The hotel staff was very helpful and we were able to have an early check in to help us out with our plans. Our room, in fact the entire hotel, was very clean and pretty in the furnishings. We appreciated the generous size of our suite, and all of the amenities that were included. The hotel has a fantastic location, and we could walk very quickly to Times Square, the subway, and many area attractions, which we liked. The complimentary breakfast was very tasty and generous, also. Again, the staff was very polite and helpful, and we would definitely stay at this property again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Excellent location and facilities average service	Our family of three stayed at the Residence Inn Times Square for a Manhattan vacation. The facility is excellent, with decently sized suites (for Manhattan). The breakfast buffet is well-stocked, the wireless Internet is available throughout the building and the laundryfacilities worked well. The towels and bedding are on par with good Marriott standards.The location is quite convenient, being one block off Broadway and about 6 blocks from the heart of Times Square. There are three subway stops within 4 blocks (Bryant Park station only a block away). There are numerous local grocers and a Duane Reade pharmacy within 2 blocks to stock your refrigerator.Hotel service depends on whether you are weekday (business) or weekend(tourist) travel. We arrived mid-week and left on the weekend, so I could easily see the transition. I understand that business travelers pay more and probably inflict less wear on the property, but the downgrade in service from weekday to weekend is striking. The front desk, housekeeping, breakfast buffet, bell/security and concierge all took on a much less professional attitude once Friday noon hit. Some examples: addressing me by name on the house phone mid-week, but not on Sunday...real plates for breakfast mid-week, plastic on weekends... doorman opening the non-revolving door when we had large luggage on Wednesday, but not on Sunday.Overall, if we visit New York again, we would definitely stay here. Staying mid-week will definitely get you better service and a nicer overall experience.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great spot	Nice place, clean, spacious, great bed. Temperature control was so-so. Neighborhood not elegant, but good Chinese restaurant around the corner.	
Oct 10 2007	Continues to be great	This is the second time I stayed at the hotel. It continues to be a first-rate property: clean, comfortable, quiet, great and friendly service, excellent breakfast. The elevators are a bit slow, but it wasn't a hassle for us. Our room was small with the sofa bed open, but it didn't bother me.	
Oct 9 2007	Nice Rooms Great Breakfast Good Location	We stayed 3 nights at this new hotel close to Bryant Park on Sixth Avenue. Rooms were large and clean. Full-size fridge, microwave and sink all help to mitigate the cost of eating out too often and offer a refuge for left-overs from those times when you do indulge at a favorite restaurant. Great bedding which you can opt to have changed as often (or not) as you wish. I like this feature a lot since I don't change my sheets every day at home, why should I have them changed when I travel? A real waste of resources. Never heard a sound from the street or surrounding rooms. Elevators (4) were a bit slow so stay on a low floor if this is an issue for you. Access to floors above 4 is by room key only for security purposes. Lots of things close by -- Bryant Park, Times Square, good eateries, shopping on 5th Avenue, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, theatres, etc. Rates are very appealing for what you get. Breakfast was outstanding -- both hot and cold items and your choice of newspapers. This would be a good place to stay for business or leisure and, I hate to say this because it may spoil the quietness, but it's really good for kids. You can save quite a bit of your travel $$ here. I plan to stay here whenever we make our annual pilgrimage to Manhattan.	
Oct 6 2007 	Spacious and comfortable	My husband and I chose this hotel due its location and because we wanted an extra space in the room for our 9 nights stay. The lounge area and the little kitchen are really helpful to make the stay like home. We bought food and beverages of the next deli.The location is great because the hotel is in the in the middle of the island, but it is not a very charming area (Upper East Side, Upper West Side and Soho are better areas).The room and the bathroom are very clean, excellent bed and sheets. Friendly and helpful staff.We will certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 2 2007	Amazing	Just returned from a 4 nite stay at the Residence Inn. It was amazing. Great staff and service. The room was a great size for 4 of us. Location was central to everything. Would not hesitate for one minute to return and we WILL!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 25 2007	Great stay - Highly Recommended	Spent 7 nights in this hotel late sept. chose it for location, room amenities and views mentioned on here. room 2506 didnt disappoint!!It was so great to have a lounge area in the room to rest the feet after a big day without having to lounge on the bed itself. the extra space made it feel like a small apartment. while I didnt cook it was really convenient to have the kitchen area and stock the fridge with cold drinks &amp; snacks.The jar of complimentary sweets on the coffee table was a nice touch.The other travellers on here aren't lying when they say these beds are VERY comfortable - wow - amazing comfort and good quality sheets too.well sized complimentary soaps and toiletries, spotlessly clean room, great staff, wonderful views, self adjusting AC in the rooms.The only limitation I experienced was the complimentary internet access in the lobby. while i only needed to check emails the connection itself is very slow, making this a little laborious - but hey it was free and it did what it was meant to in the end.The complimentary breakfast is convenient, standard hotel buffet fare, served fresh and a decent selection.I would stay here next trip to NYC for sure. I can recommend this hotel's location and security to other solo travellers. as a solo female travelller I felt safe walking back to hotel late at night etc.choose this hotel &amp; enjoy!	
Sep 22 2007	Great location would highly recommend	We visited New York at the end of August during the US Open.My husband and I chose this hotel because of the many great reviews on Trip Advisor - and it lived up to every expectation. We are accustomed to staying in high end hotels and we were aware that a Residence Inn wouldn't be classified as the same calibre as a JW Marriott, Westin or similar. However, we were extremely pleased with this hotel for the following reasons: it is in a great location - 3 blocks from Times Square, 4 blocks from Macy's and the Empire State Building, subway station within a 5 minute walk from the hotel and many deli's and stores located within a very short walking distance of the hotel. The FREE buffet breakfast was excellent. It included eggs, waffles, french toast, sausage, bacon, cereals, fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, croisants, coffee/tea/juice. Because food can be quite expensive in NY, the fact that this was included in the hotel price was very good value. They also offered a FREE light dinner each evening, but we only took advantage one night. I think they offer this because there is no full service restaurant or room service offered. We didn't mind at all though because if we wanted something late in the evening , there are 24-hour deli's 1/2 a block away. We wanted to be close to Times Square but not stay right in TS, so staying here was a good choice. TS is way too noisy with bright lights 24/7 - great to see it and enjoy it, but not so great when you're trying to sleep!The candid photos you see on people's reviews are accurate - our room looked like those shown. We thought the room was great - plenty of room for 2 people, very, very clean, smaller bathroom, but enough counter space and cupboards under the sink to store toiletries, the shower was fantastic and honestly the bed was amazing - best sleeps I've had in a long time. Mattress was comfortable and many pillows (foam and feather) to choose from. The free internet service was great - so it wasn't wirleless - well it was free and was very handy to have access at any time we needed. Again, most hotels charge for this - so the fact that it was included was good value. Fridge, sink and dishwasher were a bonus and while we didn't make any meals in our room, was great to have a fridge for bottled water etc... The elevators were fine for the most part - we waited 5 minutes at the most during the breakfast buffet hours. In the grand scheme of things, no big deal.We did alot of research before booking this hotel. Other hotels that are higher end had many poor and/or mixed reviews on trip advisor and this one had the most consistent positive reviews. We'll definitely be back at this hotel. It was a great experience!	
Sep 19 2007 	Perfect 1st Anniversary	My husband &amp; I just got back from our first trip to NYC (Sept. 14-16). I've never written one of these reviews, but since we relied so heavily on TA to check out our options, I felt we should. We had originally booked the Comfort Inn Midtown ($239/nt), but kept checking other hotels hoping that prices would drop. We lucked in to a deal with the Residence Inn, which was great ($209/nt, king suite). I e-mailed the hotel to say it was our anniversary, and if possible could we have a room with a view. They responded right away to say they'd try to accommodate. We arrived at the hotel and they checked us in immediately (4 hrs early!). We were grateful that they put us on a high floor; corner room. We had a great view of all of 6th Avenue (Ave. of the Americas) from one window, and over to the Chrysler Bldg from the other side. The room itself wasn't very large, but I've heard that's usual for NY. It didn't matter; the room itself was nice and clean, and the bed was very comfy. The complimentary breakfast buffet is great -- take advantage!! We walked everywhere from our hotel, no problem. We had zero issues with the staff or our room. I don't know when we'll be back, but we'd definitely stay there again, especially if we could get another deal like this!! :o)	
Sep 18 2007 	Most UNCOMFORTABLE Sofa bed	The King size bed, sheets and pillows were very comfortable, as advertised. HOWEVER, we had a third family member traveling with us who slept on the sofa bed. The sofa bed mattress was SO THIN AND UNCOMFORTABLE because you could feel the steel bars that supported the mattress. We complained to the hotel manager two days in a row. We asked if they could bring in a roll away bed or another more comfortable mattress. Rather than making sure that we were comfortable, their solution was to bring up an additional blanket to lay on top of the sofa bed's mattress instead of bringing up another substitute bed or mattress. We received a message from the hotel manager stating that they had no other sofas or mattresses and they could only supply us with an additional &quot;comforter&quot; which turned out to be a standard hotel blanket. For three nights our 6 Ft male guest had to sleep on the sofa ( because the sofa cushions were more comfortable than the sofa bed's mattress) rather than pull out the sofa bed mattress. The hotel is fine if travelling alone or as a couple. However, don't stay there if your family members will be sleeping on the sofa bed. Also, the sofa bed is located in the same square room as the king size bed. There is no partition separating the sofa area from the king size bed as in other suite hotels. There is only one SMALL bathroom in the room located right next to the king size bed. So there is absolutely no privacy. I am a loyal Marriott client and always stay at Marriott hotels. This hotel did NOT live up to the Marriott standard that I have come to know and expect. We would have been better off (and would have spent less money on the room) taking a room with two queen size beds in it.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great for families	We stayed here for 2 nights in August . Our party consisted of 2 adults and 2 children(6and 9 yrs). The location was excellent , situated near to Times Square but an amazingly quiet room for New York. We had phoned to request a view of the Empire State Building and we were given a room with a fabulous view. Our kids were so impressed!The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were comfortable. The sofa bed for our children was fine, but for older children may be a little small and uncomfortable. We found the room really comfortable to come back to after a long day of sight seeing.The included breakfast was very good and both hot and cold items were available. Coffee and tea are available 24hrs.We had a weekend stay ,so did not sample the evening food available Mon - Thurs.The only problem we encountered was a very long wait for elevators - and I mean long -over 30 mins ! This occurred the first morning as everyone was rushing for breakfast. We didn't make the same mistake the next day.I will definately return to this hotel if we visit New York with our children, it is comfortable , clean and friendly.	
Sep 5 2007 	Decent stay but could have been better	We were in NYC for the US Open for labor day weekend. We picked this hotel cuz there were three of us including a 17 year old and most hotels wouldn't allow all three of us to be in one room. We were tempted to try out the Embassy suites near Wall Street coz it was cheaper and roomier but decided to settle for the Marriott coz we have Elite membership and we get points. The location was a contributing factor for this decision as well. It was a bit tight especially when the pull out bed was open. Room was clean and they have a full size refrigerator in the room with ice maker. Bed is comfortable and the linens were top notch quality. Pull out bed was not bad either. Closet space is very limited. Safe in closet fits laptop. Free internet access in rooms not wi-fi though. We paid $330 per night and includes breakfast. Breakfast is pretty decent - eggs, sausage, waffles and all the other regular stuff. Location is great - close to theaters and 30 seconds from subway. Valet parking or nightly parking is $48 per night. If you take your car out during the day and check it back in, that's an extra $48. We were disappointed coz we asked for early check-in yet when we got there around 1 pm, the room was not ready. They said they would call when the room was ready but didn't. So we came back at 3:40 pm and they gave us the keys. Also we requested an extra hour for late check out - 12 noon instead of 11 am but they flat out refused. If they are that adamant about that then they should be able to accomodate early check-in - can't have it both ways. If it was just the two of us, we would rather stay at some place like Sofitel coz its definitely a cut above and cheaper.	
Sep 5 2007 	Recommend it!	We just came back from the Labor Day weekend in NY , where we stayed at the Residence Inn/Times Square. The room was above the average in NY, exactly as shown in the photos. It was clean, modern, comfortable, including the kitchenette. Bed was very comfortable. Included breakfast in the club floor. Location was great, four blocks to Macy's and Herald Square, a subway station around the corner, steps from Bryant Park and the Empire State Bldg. Definitely, we'll stay there again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Two great stays	Our family of five spent two consecutive weekends at this Residence Inn. (During the week in between we went to Philadelphia and Washington D.C.) It's getting hard these days to find a hotel that will allow our family of five ( 2 parents and children ages 6,8, and 10) to even stay in one room/suite together. On our first weekend here we stayed in a regular junior suite with a king size bed and a pull out sofa. It was a little tight, but everything was clean and beautiful, and we were grateful to be all together in one room. When we returned the next weekend, they told us they appreciated our business and upgraded us to a huge 2 bedroom suite for the same price. It was heaven!! Plus on both visits we were above the 30th floor with great views of the city. We will definitely go back!	
Aug 21 2007	Great place to stay	My husband and I stayed there over the weekend and had a suite on the 17th floor. It looked recently renovated. Towels were plush as was bedding. Walked to the trains to go to Yankee Stadium, lower Manahatten. Close to Times Square and the Empire State Building. 45th and Broadway is a half a mile away. Close to food both pubs and higher end fare. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast offered more options than I expected with eggs, yogurt, pastries, etc. We didn't encounter the issues others did. Would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 20 2007 	Saved our last week in NYC	We were in the city for 10 days visiting colleges with my son. The first hotel we were at did not meet our expectations at all, so we moved to the Residence Inn on a Monday. I had called to make reservations the Sunday prior and had guaranteed a room with two beds for myself and my son, the room could not have been better. At the front desk they seemed fast and busy, we got checked in so promptly that I was still holding my credit card while walking into the room, which had just been opened by the bellman who was already setting up our luggage next to the closet. Great room size and great beds. The bathroom was also very spacious and our maid folded our clothes and put them in order every day, my son was so happy. Regardless of this out of the ordinary example, all in all, we found this hotel great. I paid less than 300 per night and the service was much better than expected. Dry cleaning ready within 6 hrs, though paying only for regular service. I cannot say enough, the first 2 nights in the city were not good, but finding the Residence Inn was more than a great deal, at least during summer in the city.	
Aug 20 2007	Great location and friendly staff!	Our family stayed at this hotel last week from August 14-18 and we had a wonderful experience. The staff went out of their way to help us with anything. The room was spotless and had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. We were on the 28th floor and had no trouble sleeping without any noise to be heard. The hotel is close to everything. Central Park about 15 minutes away, 8 minute walk to TImes Square, Empire State about 8-10 minutes away. Great shopping on 6th (Avenue of Americas) where the hotel is located and 34th (about a 5 minute walk). All in all I would stay in this hotel again. We had booked a suite but found that we didn't really use anything except the fridge for some milk. The breakfast was sufficient for us to start our day.	
Aug 17 2007 	Only if the price is right	Was supposed to stay at the Marriott Courtyard Times square south, but was moved to the Residence which was a block away. Was told I would be upgraded to a suite, but was never given a reason for the move. Once at the Residence Inn the person at the desk looked at me incredulously when I told him I was promised a suite, he was like we only have minimal suites and I don't have you getting a suite in the computer. After some arguing back and forth he finally gave me a suite and seemed to want a tip for giving what I was promised, needless to say I didn't give him one. Once in the room I noticed immediately that the walls are paper thin, could easily hear everything being said in the room next door. The hotel was newly renovated, although everything seemed &quot;cheap&quot;, the faucet in the shower was already coming off of the wall. I didn't bother with the breakfast, and after reading some of the reviews on this site I was glad I skipped it. I would only stay there again if it was substantially lower priced than other hotels in the area.	
Jul 31 2007 	RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FUN	We stayed three nights at the Marriott in Times and would highly reccommend it. The location is close to everything. We were able to walk to Rockfeller Center, Empire State Building and Broadway. The conceige services were helpful and know the area. We were on the 15th floor and the noise was not a problem, you couldn't hear the crowds outside. Everyone was courteous and the rooms clean.	
Jul 29 2007 	Would stay there again.	Very nice, comfortable and clean room. Convenient location. Good breakfast. Absolutely recommendable. Definitely would stay there again.	
Jul 28 2007	Fab first time in NYC	Myself and my 17 year old daughter had a week in New York for sightseeing and shopping. We loved our trip and thought The Residence Inn was great. It had the quality and standards of a Marriott with more flexibility due to the infomal dining and the option to &quot;self-cater&quot; in our room. The staff were all really helpful.We had a lovely view of the ESB from our 10th flr room, which I think may have been larger than some others as it was accessible for wheelchair users. Although there was not a wardrobe, just hanging space, we had loads of room for our daily hoard of shopping bags! We were central to all the sights so we walked most places. We also loved being able to just cross the road and enjoy the outside space at Bryant Park.Can't wait to go back!	
Jul 19 2007	Nice but a little tight for four	My family of four--two parents with a ten-year-old boy and fourteen-year-old girl--enjoyed our three night stay at the Residence Inn Manhattan, but the room was a little small for the four of us. In all fairness to the hotel, the hotel reservation system indicates the room accomdates three people, and I do think that three people would be perfectly comfortable here. They do not have roll-away beds here, and our kids do not want to sleep together in the sofa bed (the mattress of which was ok, not the best). My son was happy to sleep on the floop with linens that the hotel provided, but it made the room very cramped, with the sofabed open, and the extra sleeping area made up on the floor. There is only one small closet and a very small dresser, so there is not much room for luggage. On the plus side, the bed in the room was super comfortable and our room, on the 24th floor, was very quiet, with almost no street noise. The morning breakfast was great, with lots of selections--eggs, bacon and sausage, waffles, oatmeal, pastries, muffins, cereal, fruit, yogurt, granola, juices, coffee, and more. This is a huge money saver in New York and a quick way to start your morning. The staff at the hotel were very friendly, there was always a cab right out front, and several subway stops are within one block. We would stay here again if the price was right and we could not get a comparable rate at a hotel with a more spacious room.	
Jul 15 2007	Nice hotel in a great central location	This is a nice hotel in a great, central location. This was our first visit to New York City and we stayed 7 nghts during the week of July 4. Our room, on the 16th floor, was a little smaller than we are normally used to, but was what we expected from the reviews and was more than adequate for our needs. I thought the room was well appointed and had a nice, contemporary feel and was very quiet. The bed was VERY comfortable and had 8 pillows. This is the first time I have ever been in a hotel that I didn't have to call for extra pillows. If you enter the website from the confirmation, you can make requests prior to your arrival. The room cleanliness was excellent. The daily breakfast, which was the same every day, had a good selection of breakfast foods. An added bonus was the complimentary light supper served Monday -Thursday. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating and made us feel welcome and happy to be of service. The 3rd floor lounge area offered 24 hour coffee and tea and had a selection of books to borrow during the stay. The hotel location was excellent for our vacation because it was central to so much of what we wanted to see and do. We were close to 2 subway stations and about 2-3 blocks from Times Square. Once we were here, I was happy to be a bit away from the craziness of Times Square. I would definately recommend this property to others and would book again if I return to Manhatten.	
Jul 11 2007	Staff is wonderful!!!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel back in December for 3 nights. A great location if you're there to see the city at Christmas time. The room was very good size for a New York hotel room and defintely classier than what you typically see at a Residence Inn. The staff was unbelievably polite and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 9 2007 	LOVED it!	What a hotel! Great location, fantastic service and second to none! We have stayed at this hotel on two seperate trips to NYC. It is so close to everything and has a great breakfast, laundry room (in which they provide the laundry soap AND dryer sheets), and the most friendly staff around. You can not go wrong with booking to stay at this hotel. It is simply fabulous!!	
Jun 25 2007	they were wonderful	the folks at the hotel were absolutely great. my mom made a couple of requests that were immediately taken care of. they were also polite and friendly. everything was clean and the bed linens were very nice.	
Jun 18 2007 	A Very Nice Property	This Marriott property is a very nice surprise and addition in mid-town Manhattan. Located at 6th Ave and W 39th St, it's just enough away from the Times Square whoop-de-do, but near enough to easily walk to most theaters in the area. It's a great place to use as a base for touring and shopping. The staff has been well schooled in the Marriott way, and that you feel welcome from the moment you arrive. Security at the hotel is excellent as well. One bonus is the daily breakfast - a definite time (and money) saver in a city where every moment (and dollar) counts. It's actually quite substantial and good (hint to staff - try to get some fresh fruit and not the canned stuff!)All in all, a welcome hotel to stay and one to which I'll return.	
Jun 17 2007 	A great stay in New York	I am very picky when it comes to hotels and I always read horror stories about hotels in New York. Luckily I found Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square. The staff was very friendly. The room was small, but that is expected in New York. It was clean and that is very important to me. Overall, this was a good experience.	
Jun 17 2007	Awesome	Great hotel, great breakfast. My first time in NYC. This hotel was so close to everything. About 2 blocks from TS, but easy ,safe walk. 5 minute cab ride to the Village. Conceirge was great set us up on the double decker bus tour (which I recommend). No issue with elevators as others on here have stated. Would stay there again next trip!	
Jun 12 2007 	Great place to stay while exploring NYC	My wife and I spent our first visit to NYC at the Residence Inn Times Square. Great place to stay while exploring NYC. Easy to get anywhere in Manhattan from there. Breakfast was OK, but they kept running out of food, and what there was had a definite freeze-dried quality. Other than the breakfast, the place was great, well maintained &amp; secure. I'd definitely stay there again, but eat out for breakfast.	
Jun 7 2007	Excellent location nice big room and free food.	Just got home from a 6 night stay at the Residence Inn NYC. The best thing about this hotel is the location! There is a subway stop right across the street from the hotel (B-D-F-V) or you can walk one block over to Broadway and 2 blocks up towards Time Square for another subway stop (1-2-3-N-R-Q). We also used the bus to get to the Convention Center which picked up on 42nd street and got us there in just 15 minutes. Bryant Park was full of activities including an early morning concert for Good Morning America. While its not right in Times Square, its close enough to walk and far enough away to not make you feel like a total tourist. The rooms were spacious, much larger then a standard NYC hotel room, but not as big as the old JW Marriott on 56th street(no longer in the Marriott family). Only one complaint, our room was not cleaned one day which was irritating after being out all day long, but after letting the FD know, the room was cleaned first thing each morning. The breakfast served on the 3rd floor was plentiful with both hot and cold breakfast foods offered, and M-Th the hotel offers evening social hour with either soup and salad (4 different soups to choose from and a nice salad bar selection) or a main entree item. A calendar is posted in every room to let you know whats on the menu.Staff at the hotel were friendly and welcoming everytime we walked thru the lobby and free internet access is available at the conciergedesk if you dont mind standing up while you use it. The 3rd floor offers a bar in the evening, but there are also severalplaces to sit and meet with friends at any time of the day or night. One night a group of friends brought over a few bottles of wine and some snacks and we sat around on the 3rd floor near the TV talking and enjoying each others company. It was comfortable, relaxing and saved us a lot of money in an area bar or nightclub and we didnt haveto spend the entire evening shouting over the noise.The next time we are back in NYC, we will be sure to book our reservations at the Residence Inn!	
Jun 6 2007 	Great place - great price!	My 2 daughters (ages 25 and 21) and I stayed here the first weekend in June. I had previously e-mailed the hotel to request early check in and when we arrived our room was ready for us! (about 5 hours before check-in time!) Front desk staff was very friendly and cordial. Very nice room - queen bed with tons of pillows on it to choose from, sofa(bed) and chair, small desk/dining table with seating for 2 and kitchen. Very large room for NY. We stayed on the 7th floor (of 34) and had a view of the hotel next door out the window. It really didn't matter though as we were really only in the room long enough to drop off packages and go out shopping some more, shower and change clothes before dinner and then sleep there! Bathroom was small but shower had a wonderful large showerhead! Hotel is close to subways at 34th/6th and also at 42nd/6th. Taxi right outside the door of hotel.We did have one slight problem while we were there - arrived back at hotel at 11:45pm - exhausted since we had been up since 5:45am and had probably walked about 8 miles that day! Got into bed and the fire alarm went off at the hotel. Management came on and said they were investigating and to stay tuned for further announcements. They made update announcements every 10 minutes for the next hour, including telling everyone that the elevators could not be used due to the &quot;electrical problem&quot; I was glad we were already in our room and didn't have to take the stairs up to our room. I wouldn't have wanted to be a person staying on the 34th floor and have to walk all the way up due to the &quot;emergency&quot;! Never did have to evacuate the building and finally around 1am they said everything was back to normal! So we could finally get to sleep.Breakfast was included in the price of the suite and it was a very good breakfast! Scrambled eggs, French toast, waffles, sausage, fruits, yogurt, pastries and loads of juices, teas and coffees to choose from. Very delicious!They will hold your bags if you are flying out later in the day. Overall a very nice hotel for the price in the heart of NYC. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 29 2007 	What a find!!!	I stayed at this property Memorial Day weekend with my three children. Usually I try to stay at the Hotel Casablanca, but they were sold out. Although I love The Casablanca, this Residence Inn runs a very close second (overall value, cost of room, - it may be better). Great location...four blocks from Times Square.The staff greeted us with open arms and was exteremely helpful with everything. They gave us a beautiful room with a fantastic view of The Empire State Building. By NYC standards, the room was HUGE. Upon entering the room, you will find a nice sized, clean kitchenette. Comfortable living room, with pull out bed and 32&quot; flat screen tv was attached to the kitchenette. Beautiful large bedroom, with extremely comfortable king size bed...lots of pillows.I have stayed at numerous Residence Inns before, and ususually you can grab an okay breakfast...not here. They had a wonderful, complimetary b'fast. Pleant of hot food choices, cereals, breads, bagels, donuts, etc. This was all on the third floor, which also has a billiard room and cozy bar - not your standard hotel bar.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2007 	Couldn't be happier with our stay	Just returned from our stay at this hotel. Can't say enough about how great everything was. My daughter, her baby, and I (Mom) stayed in one room with my daughter-in-law, her baby, and 10 year old daughter in the room next to us. It was very clean, comfortable, quiet, and in an excellent location. The staff was very friendly and always greeted us when we were coming and going. Fasted elevators I've ever been on in NYC. It was nice to be close to everything without having to stay right in Times Square. We all commented over and over how pleased we were with the location, the friendly staff, the size and comfort of the rooms, and most importantly; the cleanliness.	
May 28 2007 	Great hotel	Great stay at this hotel. Great location. Block off of the craziness of Times Square but close enough to get there whenever you want. Staff at the hotel was wonderful and very nice. We had to get an emergency doctor appointment and the hotel took care of everything. They recommended a doctor and made an appointment. Great overall experience. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 27 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Just returned from a trip to NYC. We have stayed at many Residence Inns, and this was one of our favorites. Altho studio room was a little smaller than the 1 bdrm we usually reserve, it was still roomy by NYC standards. Bed was incredibly comfortable, room was clean and well appointed and bath had 2 shower heads. Breakfast area (on 3rd floor) was by far the nicest of any of the Res Inns we've stayed at. It had separate rooms, comfortable chairs, some of which were upholstered, and was more spacious than any of the others. Breakfast buffet was kept very clean, and food was replenished before it got too low. This area just had a more welcoming, upscale feel to it; some others have been crowded and felt very rushed. Also had bar/lounge area, but we did not get the chance to visit it. Hotel is not in heart of Times Square, but within an easy walk, as is whole theater district, Rockerfeller Ctr, Empire State Bldg. Bryant Park is less than a blk away. We were on the 17th floor, and could not hear any outside noise. We did have problem with tv, but only turned it on at night after we were in bed, so did not want to have someone sent to room at that time of night to fix it. Would also be nice to have magnifying mirror in bathrm. But, would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2007 	Great location - great stay	We have just got back from a great stay at the RI. The location was great - so much closer to everything than we realised. ESB, TOTR, Macy's and Central Park are all within walking distance. We had a view room which was much larger than most hotel rooms we have stayed in - we could see the ESB, TOTR &amp; Chrysler Building. The separate seating area and kitchen was great. The freezer made its own ice cubes so no need to go out for ice even! The first night we ordered a takeaway and it was great to be able to use real cutlery &amp; plates - the hotel recommendation of tchinese akeaway was good. The maid even fills the dishwasher for you... The bed was so comfortable with a choice of pillows. We were never bothered by noise outside so had a great nights sleep which is welcome when shattered from miles of walking. The free breakfast (yes I know it's included in the room price) was great - cooked, cereals, fruit &amp; waffles &amp; baked goods along with lots of juices and coffee &amp; tea. Tea &amp; coffee is available free 24hrs on the lounge area. There was a free evening snack Mon-Fri which was salad &amp; soup the weekday we were there. We didn’t use the facility so can’t really comment, but if you want a snack before a late dinner sounds ideal. All the staff we met were so friendly &amp; helpful - we can’t fault the service at all. Others have mentioned slow lifts – we didn’t encounter any problems. Maybe we didn’t use them at peak times though. We were out early and back late! We would love to go back to NYC and see all those things we didn’t have time to visit this time. We will definitely going back to the RI when we do.	
May 11 2007	Above Avgerage and Reasonable Prices	My wife and I travel to NYC approx. 3-5 times a year to get a little R&amp;R and do some shopping. We have stayed in several hotels there and this was our first visit to the Residence Inn Times Square. The first ting I realized is that although it is not a bad location, it is not right in the heart of Times Square like places we have stayed before (See my Michelangelo Review). The hotel is clean, the rooms are large (by NYC standards) and the gym is adequate. We encountered both friendly and unfriendly staff during our stay. The beds are comfortable and the full kitchen is very nice (although all we used was the fridge). Since this hotel has full kitchens available, we did notice various smells of whatever the people next door were cooking and sometimes it was overwhelming. We spent most our days and nights out and about and used the room mostly for a place to sleep. There is a parking garage around the corner but we were able to park for FREE at the meters because it was a weekend (we just had to move the car across the street between Saturday and Sunday..read the signs!). Overall, we found a great Internet price on this hotel and if we could get a similar rate we would consider staying here again.	
May 8 2007 	Favorite NYC hotel!	My family and I stayed here just last month and had an amazing trip! We love NYC and visit at least once a year - this time was our first visit to this hotel and it will be the only hotel for us in the future. It was perfect for our family with 2 small children. The rooms were plush and the beds were absolutely amazing. Even though it was perfect for the kids, my husband and I loved it too! The staff throughout our stay was fantastic - always willing to help and super friendly. The free breakfast was a definite perk and if you have time you should definitely check out the bar on the 3rd floor. We will definitely be back next year!	
May 8 2007 	Loved this hotel!!	When you are paying new york hotel prices it is wonderful to find a hotel that you feel is value for the money! the location is ideal especially for shopping! The rooms are spacious well equipped and nicely decorated. A little bit of a wait for the elevators around breakfast in the morning but other than that is was a very pleasant experience	
May 4 2007 	Great location	Stayed here 2 nights early May 2007. The rooms are a good size, clean and are, in fact, studios with a kitchen complete with microwave, fridge/freezer etc. I found it very comfortable and the location is excellent - right between Time Square and The Empire State building.All the staff were very helpful and friendly. They serve an amazing complimentary breakfast - all self-service (make your own waffles plus all the rest). I was told that they also serve complimentary dinner though I ate out both nights I was there.Only downsides for me were the view - I was on 16th floor of 36 or so - try to get high! Also the free internet in my room kept cutting out and I had to reboot the box every 5 minutes - but colleagues didn't have the prob so maybe just my room.I would definitely stay there again.	
May 1 2007	Not so Pet Friendly	I travel for work over 300 nights a year and travel with a very small dog. Residence Inn hotels allow pets for a small fee. I had a great room on a top floor with a view of the empire state building. Till they knocked on my door in the middle of the night and asked me to move! I was very upset at the fact I had been back from work for several hours and they waited till the middle of the night to move me because of my dog. If you stay here with a dog beware you'll get treated differently even if your a platium member. Not so pet friendly like they advertise.	
Apr 23 2007 	Good stay	Normally something motivates me to write a review, either something really good or something really bad. My experience at the Residence Inn was I guess overall just a good stay.Location: Very convenient location but not a particularly great area. Located on a very busy street. Duane's Phamacy is around the block, they sell everything (water, snacks, etc...).Hotel: Decent lobby. Plenty of elevators. Average fitness center, no windows! Overall very clean hotel. Cool lounge area too.Check-in: Fast check-in.Room: Good, clean, quiet room. Nice comfortable bed, small bathroom, nice shower head. The room had a funny smell to it which I later narrowed down to some of the pillows, weird pet-like smell on a few of them, I love dogs but I found this pretty disgusting. Free bag of Smartfood, yahoo! Wait, that was free wasn't it? Flaky cabling on the flatscreen TV causing the picture and sound to be intermittent but I was able to fix this by futzing around with the cables. Interesting choice of artwork, basically paintings of exactly what you would see if you opened the curtains: old gloomy buildings.Staff: Friendly, competent staff. The girl at the desk was very helpful in recommending a restaurant (Jack's) which was fantastic. I forgot my razor and called the front desk, they said the would have housekeeping bring one up which never happened during the 1/2 in which I was getting ready.Overall this is a good hotel, I found the Marriott Marquis to be a much better place to stay though.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great For Families	We stayed a week in early April and were very happy with the hotel. There was enough room for two adults and two teenagers. We really liked the breakfast, there was a good selection and the dining area was very warm and relaxing. There was a huge T.V. with the morning news in the dining area and free copies of The New York Times also the seating area was plush. This hotel is in a great spot, walking distance to most everything and the subway entrance is a block away. We asked for a low floor because we had read that the elevators are very crowded around breakfast time and a lot of time is wasted waiting for the elevator. By staying on the 7th floor we were able to use the stairs.There is a great deli one block away on 40th Street across from Bryant Park that has great deli food and fresh fruits and vegetables.	
Apr 9 2007 	Excellent location	This hotel's location is great-in Midtown, close to everything. We had a great view of the Empire State Bld from our room on the 33th floor. The suite was smaller than other Residence Inns I've stayed in, but adequate, as was the free breakfast. The staff is friendly, esp Sergio at the front desk. It's also safe, strangers can't get to the higher floors.I'll stay here again on my next visit to NY.	
Apr 5 2007 	Fantastic time with 8 friends	Loved Loved Loved the Residence Inn!!!Each year myself and 7 of my good friends hike on it NYC to spend the weekend. Last year we were at the Rhiga which is now the New London. we would of stayed there again but the rate was crazy and I got bad reviews on the New London. Got a almost unheard of rate which I snagged the last week before we went. Believe it was $189....Originally I was paying $259 a nite which still is not bad for NYC.We all went in by limo and checked in around 4:00 pm on a Friday. We booked 3 rooms. They were on the same floor. Hotel is not all that big so easy to get around. Rooms were extremely clean however they are relatively smaller than most residence inns.Staff are wonderful. We had an incident whereby our neighbor next door to us called security saying we were slamming doors.Now I am a 50 yr old woman who might have closed the door twice to visit our friends 2 doors away.Once the security men came to the room and took a look at all of us they just laughed. They became our friends for the weekend.Breakfast is normal...nothing great but free and it sure beats leaving the hotel in the middle of January to find a cup of coffee.We had brought in some snacks and obviously our own libations. It was wonderful to have the fridge and sink.Once in the city we took in a show, did a tour and went to the restaurant One if by Land Two if by Sea. Highly recommend it. We did this during restaurant week so prices were cheaper.On Sunday we trekked on down to Chinatown, shopped around a little and wound up eating in Little Italy. Although lately Little Italy is a true name...it is almost gone. This is so sad. But we all had wonderful meals.I would also recommend eating there as well.So for next year we all took a vote and once again we are going back to the Residence.	
Mar 24 2007 	Fantastic view from the 34th Floor	We were lucky enough to stay here free using Marriott points. Reception staff were very friendly. Upgraded to king size on our arrival, we had a room on the very top floor. The view was fantastic and overlooked the empire state building, The room was a good size and the bed very comfortable. Only odd thing was when I wanted to make a cup of tea, there were saucepans in the cupboard, but no hob! Managed to boil water in the huge microwave so even got my daily cuppa. The free buffet breakfast had a good choice of items. Overall an excellent hotel, and I would definitely stay again when visiting New York.	
Mar 20 2007 	Wonderful place	Our stay in New York (first time for me) was a 100% success partly thanks to our stay at the Residence Inn. The room was spacious, with a very confortable bad, and a kitchen. The price, 209 $, is totally justified by the general quality of the place, by the fact that you can eat in the room, and by the included breakfast. We were on the 21rst floor and enjoyed a nice view. A few minutes walk from Times Square, it is perfectly situated for a discovery of Manhattan. My husband and I can warmly recommend the Residence Inn. We booked therebecause of the overall great reviews found on this website!! And we have no regrets...	
Mar 12 2007 	The staff were superb but...	When we booked this hotel 6 months ago we requested a high floor room with a view of the Empire State Building as we were celebrating our birthdays. We also telephoned the hotel to confirm our request. A few days before departure the hotel sent us an email asking if we had any special requests, we confirmed our original request. On arrival we were given a low floor room with a view of a wall ! The mirrored wardrobe doors were broken and wouldn't slide.When we reminded them of our request we were given the only room they said was available which was a disabled room on the 14th floor. Although we had a partial view of the Empire State the room was still very noisy from around 5am when the traffic would start ( I might add that I can sleep through almost anything). The only mirror in the room was above the handbasin in the bathroom therefore it was impossible to check how we looked before going out. If anyone using the room was confined to a wheelchair they would not be able to use the mirror at all. The air con / heating system was incredibly noisy, not something you could utilise during the night. I dread to think what it would be like to stay here during a New York summer.Saying this, the staff on duty were lovely and friendly. The breakfasts were OK, nothing special really ,but hey, they are free. We did try the free evening snack on the Monday, a lasagne, and found it pretty disgusting. I think for the money I would choose another hotel such as the Sofitel.	
Mar 7 2007 	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location	We booked this hotel after seeing the reviews on Trip Advisor and it definitely lived up to all expectations.Check in (and check out) was very efficient and the staff were friendly. Our room was on floor 23 and was really quiet, day and night. The room was really big, with a lovely, comfortable double bed, double sofa bed and kitchette (we used this a few times for bringing buffet Chinese back from a deli on 5th Avenue, heating it up and serving but didn't actually cook anything), it was great having a fridge to keep drinks and snacks in. The bathroom was a good size with plenty of room to move around.We found the internet connection fine, if a little slow, but certainly usable. The breakfast was great with bagels, breads, muffins, pancakes, cereal etc and a few cooked items. We stuffed ourselves every morning!We paid $209 a night, we had booked at a higher rate originally, but I just kept checking the website and updating the booking as the cheaper rates came in - they don't charge until check out, so you can do this as many times as you need, which is great.The location is perfect, right in the middle of everything, but far enough from Times Square to be quiet.I will definitely use this hotel again on my return to New York	
Mar 6 2007 	perfect hotel for family	We had perfect vaction in new york between 23 febuary to 3 of mars 2007 and the hotel was amazing, clean and new one, nice and helpful staff, tasty breakfast, well designed and spacious suite. The location is perfect, very close to time square but without the noise and crouding. We will come back !!!	
Mar 6 2007 	Stay elsewhere	I travel to New York several times a year and this was my first stay at this property. While the rooms were fairly nice, there is NO, and I repeat, NO service at this hotel. Due to problems with my reservation initially, I had been promised by a Marriott customer service representative that I would get the corner suite I requested. Once we got to the property, I was told that everyone who had a corner suite had extended their stay, so no rooms of that type were available. (yeah, right- everyone in a corner suite had &quot;extended&quot; their stay) Before my arrival, I had received an email asking if there was anything extra I'd like to have in our room once we checked in. I replied requesting extra towels, and pillows. Of course, none of this was in our room when we checked in, so I called housekeeping at 4:30 p.m. and requested them again. By 10:30 that night, when we still didn't have them, I called down to the desk again. After an hour, my daughter went down to the front desk where she was told that they usually just ignore these requests since people don't realize that they already have a few extra towels and pillows in the room!! There is no concierge readily available here, and no doormen. Both times we had them hold our luggage, (at check-in and check-out), they either couldn't find our luggage or gave us the wrong ones! Finally my husband had to go into the storage area and find our bags. Stay at the Sofitel instead. For the same price you'll get a nicer property and people who will be there to provide service!	
Mar 3 2007 	Perfect NY Hotel	I cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. It's very new so you don't get the usual feeling that roaches might be sharing your accommodation like you do in other reasonably priced Midtown locations. The staff was friendly, the room was remarkably quiet, and you absolutely cannot beat its location. The incredibly large room for Manhattan includes a sofa and desk, and a kitchen complete with full-sized fridge, microwave, crockpot, dishes, etc. I can't disagree with other reviewers who said that the bathroom is small but I've had much worse and never felt like a contortionist when using it, nor did we find it particularly dark. We didn't go to the food buffets so I can't speak to them.Our only very minor quibble is that the Internet connection is somewhat flaky - we never were able to connect our wireless router properly (and my husband is an uber geek) and the connection was not totally reliable. But that is an extremely minor point in an otherwise fantastic stay. Highly recommended.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great stay!	Great hotel. Nice room. Nice view. Thickest towels ever. Hot shower. Great bed! Very nice breakfast for a complimentary breakfast. Very nice location. Very friendy and cooperative concierge.Very friendly housekeeping ladies. The rest of the staff is friendly but not THAT friendly. They are &quot;correct&quot;. The hotel would be perfect if they were as friendly as the housekeeping is.	
Feb 26 2007 	Perfectly perfect stay!	Wow. Everything about this hotel is just about perfect. Check-in went very smootly and quickly. In fact, so did check out. Never have I had such a pleasant front desk experience at a Manhattan hotel. Manhattan hotels are famous for their long lines at check in and checkout. Not here. I was the only person at the front desk at both times.My room was huge by NY standards. I had a corner room on the 23rd floor, overlooking 6th Ave. with a great view of the Empire State building. The bed was the usual great Marriott bed with a big fluffy comforter, soft sheets and lots of pillows....perfect for a good night's sleep. It also helped that this hotel has excellent sound proofing. I heard not a peep from the adjacent rooms or any street noise from outside. The kitchenette was a nice thing to have, if only for the refrigerator. The breakfast room was very nice and welcoming. There was a fireplace, lots of newspapers and plenty of tables. I only had a bagel and cream cheese, but the other breakfast selections on the buffet looked pretty good.I was lucky enough to be in New York at a time when room rates were fairly low at this hotel ($207 per night). For this price this place can't be beat. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 22 2007 	Very comfortable affordable stay	My husband and I stayed here for 3 days over president's day weekend and had a nice time. The hotel is new and very clean and the room we got (studio king) was very spacious compared to usual NYC rooms. The bed was oh so comfortable and they provide you with tons of pillows of varying softness. Although we didn't cook there, it was still nice to have a little kitchenette with a big fridge and microwave to store drinks and heat up snacks. We didn't eat the free breakfast at the hotel so can't comment on that but it's nice that it was complimentary. The front desk was extremely friendly and check-in was a breeze. They have an express check-out system so that was quick too. We booked direct on marriott.com and thought the rate of $200/night was very reasonable for the room size and quality. The location is perfect also, 2 blocks from times sq. and 1 block from the subway station (bryant park). It was quiet at night (not like times sq. hotels) but still close to everything. There were cabs waiting outside the hotel at all times, no need to flag any down. We'd come back and stay here again without hesitation.	
Feb 8 2007	One of the Best Residence Inns	I visited Manhattan from January 19 - February 3rd. I was attending training at the Cornell ILR Management Center at 34th and 5th. I stayed at the Marriott Residence Inn Times Square (Ave. of Americas and 39th), Shelburne Murrary Hill (Lexington 38th) and Affinia Dumont (Lexington &amp; 34th) during my stay. I'd rate the Marriott Residence Inn as the best place I've stayed at in Manhattan for the price and value. It is much newer than these other hotels. I'll write review of the Shelburne and I already stayed at the Affinia Dumont which is a Excellent place to stay too. The Affinia has more markets and restaurants to choose from. It is not busy or hectic as the Residence Inn. So if you want more quiet neighborhood then go to the Affinia Dumont. My taxi ride from La Guardia was about $26.00 and I checked into the hotel about 10:40 p.m. The Front Desk Staff at the Residence Inn were helpful and friendly. The room was small but new and clean. There is Fridge and Microwave Oven. Small Loveseat. The closet is small and so is the bathroom. But the water pressure was fine in the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and one of the better bed's I've slept in on the road. The room was quiet (ask for a high floor). The morning buffet breakfast was the best Residence Inn buffet I've been to. While not great it was good and more than adequate. I do not mind that the room is small because you really do not spend much time in your room in Manhattan. But the Residence Inn room is new, clean, comfortable and quiet. The Residence Inn is close to Times Square, Empire State Building, Penn Station, Madison Square Garden. Close to Subway stations and train stations too. There is Duane Reade Pharmacy on Broadway where you can pick up drinks, snacks, and personal toiletries. During my stay at ate at the Carnegi Deli on Broadway near 55th and also ate at the Katz's Deli on Houston in the Lower East Side. I found better shopping selections at deals at Bloomingdales in SOHO than at their flagship store on Lexington and 59th. I also took the subway to the Museum of Natural History on the Upper West Side. The subway stops right below the museum. I also took the Soprano's location tour into New Jersey. If you're a Soprano's fan...it is interesting trip. You can catch the bus on 39th and 7th near the Button. I'd stay at the Residence Inn if I could get a good deal. I also walked by some budget hotels in the area that I might stay on future trips. I checked out Red Roof Inn on 32nd in the heart of Korea town. For a budget hotel it looks good and is convenient. I also checked out Hampton Inn between 6th and 7th on 31st. The neighborhood is not as nice as the Residence Inn, Shelburne Murrary Hill or Affinia Dumont.But if your looking to save money. The Hampton Inn is not that tall so I do not know if street noise will impact your night's rest there. But I might give it a try on a future trip. I plan to be back in May 07' and am planning to try either the Red Roof Inn and/or Hampton Inn for part of my stay and then stay at the Marriott Residence Inn or Affinia Dumont or the remainder of my stay.	
Jan 31 2007	so happily surprised!	we just stayed at the Residence Time Square last weekend.I was so impressed. it was a lot less expensive than the Marriott's near by and yet I liked it just as much, if not more. the room is big. it has a little sitting area. breakfast was included and it was good. So inexpensive for NYC. great value.	
Jan 18 2007 	Great hotel...big rooms!	My family and I stayed at Residence Inn Times Square last December 20 - 23 for our first trip in New York. Great choice for our part. The hotel is centrally located..a few blocks to Empire State Building, Macy's and Bryant Park on the other side. Our room even had a view of the Empire State Building and it was just so gorgeous to look up and just stare at it during night time. The free breakfast buffet on the 3rd floor was also a plus although the elevator wait during breakfast time can be very long. It took so long for an elevator to reach the 3rd floor and when it does, more often than not, it is full. It was actually faster for us to just walk down to the ground floor and then ride the elevator from there all the way to our room. Another thing I really liked about the hotel is their bed and the number of pillows that they have. I wish I could have stayed in bed longer everyday! At check out we were able to leave our bags (all 10 of them) while we went out and shopped some more! We also arranged for the transportation to JFK thru the concierge and everything went well without any problem. Overall, we would definitely stay here again on our next trip to New York.	
Jan 15 2007	Best deal in NY	My mom and I stayed at this hotel in Nov/Dec. We selected the hotel because 1) we could redeem points there and 2) it was centrally located. We didn't so much research and were pleasantly surprised at what a great hotel it is. I usually stay outside the city so I thought the room was more of an average size, but my mom said it was huge for NY. The hotel is fairly new and I loved the decor and feel of the lobby, rooms, and 3rd floor lounge. The staff was extremely helpful. The food (breakfast and h'orsdevoures- which could be dinner) was very good. The walk to Times Square was much quicker than we expected and there is a subway stop just a block up the street. The internet didn't always work. When the I.T. guy on staff wasn't able to fix the internet one night I received a call from someone at the front desk who looked up everything I wanted to know and gave me tips on restaurants and things to do. (there are also computers you can use in the lobby but I was already in my pj's). We will definitely stay here next time we're in NY- even if we're paying instead of redeeming points!	
Jan 12 2007 	Good spacious rooms	We stayed at the hotel for a special occasion in Dec. The place is good value for money. Big rooms with kitchenette, comfortable beds with a dozen pillows. Very clean. A no-frills hotel, mainly frequented by US tourists and business people. Would recommend to stay there any time. Beware however of the exorbitant phone rates. They charged us something like 12 dollars per minute to Europe and even more than that to Asia. Better not to touch the hotel phone....	
Jan 9 2007 	A great place to stay!!	The Residence Inn is not necessarily a cheap hotel ( we paid $220 for one night in a mini-suite) but in my opinion it is worth every penny. Check-in was friendly, personal and efficient. The security guy lent a hand with all our luggage and actually got quite friendly with us asking us about our trip and showing us a picture of his kids in the ride up to the room. Really made us feel welcome, which is rather unusual for a hotel this size.For our money we got an enormous, luxiourious room - complete with full kitchen and marble dining table - with an incredible view (see picture). Now we didn' t actually use the kitchen, but if you leave your list at the front desk, they will make sure your groceries are delivered to your room, free of charge. Good deal if you' re travelling with a baby or real young kids.And the bed was absolutely faboulous. I' ve stayed in rooms that were smaller than that bed. But our two kids (3 and 5) were very comfortable on the pull-out sofa bed. In other words: the room was perfect. Plus, it has that &quot; ritzy&quot; feel, that kinda makes you feel good in an elitist sort of way....The &quot; ritzy&quot; feel is found throughout the hotel. Especially the third floor, where also breakfast is served, has a &quot; club&quot; feel about it. Stylishly decorated, it has scattering of low and high tables and seats where you can just lounge, read your complimentary newspapers, have a beer and/or enjoy the complimentary (!) and very tasty &quot; light&quot; dinner (weekdays only) during happy hour. I' m not sure what &quot; light&quot; was supposed to mean because the tasty pasta and Italian sausage with peppers was actually quite satisfying. And the breakfast in the morning was even better: a myriad of choices of bread, cereals, pastries, fruit, juices, eggs, bacon and even very acceptable coffee. And the place, though crowded, was kept immaculate. Nothing was left to lie and tables were cleared instantly.After a very comfortable night and some sound advice from the concierge, we stored our luggage at the hotel and returned in the afternoon to take a cab to JFK. When we got in, the security guy from the day before greeted us and suggested we let the kids use the bathroom on the second floor as the ride might take an hour or so. When we got back, he had hailed us a cab, loaded our luggage and instructed the cabbie; we only had to get in and go. As he sent us off, it was a bit like leaving Uncle Raul after a night's stay at his house. Now, the hotel of course, has brilliant location; Times Square, Bryant Park and The Empire State are just a few blocks away. So if this is your price range, Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square is an excellent choice.	
Jan 8 2007 	My first trip to the city	A friend and I stayed from Dec. 7-10 for a little shopping and nightlife. We couldn't have picked a better location. The staff were marvelous and the rooms were spacious enough. Loved the bed! Could have used more bathroom space as two females competing for dressing and makeup space. I absolutely would recommend this hotel for first or fifieth visitors to the city. Kudos to the security staff and Juan who hailed a cab for me on a busy Saturday night. I am definitely a return customer.	
Jan 6 2007	Superb	All around great place... i will def be returning! I have stayed at quite a few places in NYC and this hotel is on the top of my list. I would 100% recomend this hotel to a friend.	
Jan 4 2007 	Residence Inn - was Okay but.....	The staff was great and helpful, however all the reviews about the elevators were correct - it literally took you 15 minutes to get up and down the elevators during the breakfast rush or check out time.Need to plan your day before 8:00 am or after 11:00 pm in order to avoid the long wait. The free buffet was very good but the staff was so minimal you had to wait 5-10 minutes for them to refill the hot food items during breakfast or evening appetizers. But cant complain since it is free.We checked out of this hotel 3 days earlier than planned and went to another hotel for the rest of our 9 day stay in NY	
Jan 1 2007 	OK especially for families	Stayed at the Residence Inn Times square Dec 22-25, 2006. Its overall a nice place to stay in Manhattan, especially for families i.e with kids. The rooms are good size, slightly smaller than the average Residence Inn out in the country. Rooms are clean. comfortable and quiet. Typical of a residence inn, there is a kitchen, with everything minus a stove/oven (surprising), there is crockpot and microwave oven though.The elevators are fast but quite crowded especially during peak time, but they have a way of 'controlling' them manually for faster service. The hotel is very child friendly, positive but can be overwhelming if you are looking for a slow and quiet environment. The breakfast is average, nothing fancy. The 3rd floor has a lounge that is well furnished, the restaurant is on the same level and there is a small bar too. Staff - very courteous and professional, all of them. Check in can be slow because of the numbers, but it is efficient once your turn comes. Check out is automated.Location is very ideal. Overall a nice place to stay, good rates, would return.	
Dec 31 2006 	Christmas 2006 in NY	We stayed for Christmas Week 2006 with an average of $264 per night. The location is perfect situated between times square area and madison square garden area. It's a block from the subway and down the street from Bryant Park.The breakfast is more than adequate and a very good value but don't expect any variety. Hot eggs, potatoes, sausage patty, pancakes/waffles, juices, pastries and fruit. On Mon-Thurs there's even a dinner served which we didn't eat but hey another bonus.We had a corner suite which is great for a couple and up to 1 child. The bed was great! The service outstanding! Although do bring ear plugs for noises outside because afterall it is New York. We had a nice hot shower every morning, everything was in working order and Tom the doorman/security was great!You can't go wrong with this choice because I researched and after being there, it was the right decision.	
Dec 30 2006 	Terrific location excellent service	We stayed at this hotel for the Thanksgiving weekend. It was great. As others have mentioned, the elevator service was slow at peak times, otherwise everything was terrific. Our room was on the 14th floor with a nice view to the southeast looking at the Empire State Building. It was my first time in NYC, so this was a neat thing. The room was very clean and looked brand new. The staff was very prompt with any request and were very friendly. The bed was very comfortable for a hotel bed and there were enough extra covers to satisfy my wife's cold feet.The concierge service (I think his name was Damon) was friendly and knowlegable. He got us some nice show tix on short notice and good advice on getting to Battery Park early to go out to the Statue of Liberty. Saved us what looked to be an VERY long queue line. They have a PC at the desk which guests can use to get on the 'net for things like online check in with the airlines. We used this and carried on our luggage which made for a quick trip through the airport to our gate. The hotel was literally one block off of Broadway so we walked the very short distance to see the Macy's parade. Later we had Thanksgiving dinner reservations at Keene's Steakhouse which turned out to be just three bocks south along 6th Ave. We walked to Times Square, 5th Ave shopping and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is ideally located for doing all of the fun NYC touristy things we planned. And, if you like a morning Starbucks like my wife and I, there are at least four of them within a couple blocks. The nearest one was one block west and 1/2 block south on Broadway. The complimentary breakfast was quite good, but very busy. Of course, the hotel was at capacity for the holiday.This is a great hotel. It was not cheap, but we felt it was money well spent. Will definitely stay there again. What a great trip!	
Dec 29 2006	More room than most	This is a nice place with decent sized rooms in the middle of Manhattan! My husband and I took our 2 kids and stayed for one night for less than $350- we had a fridge, a counter with bar stools and complimentary snacks and drinks in the evening (as well as free hot breakfast). While the food was nothing to rave about, all of us were able to find something that we liked. (The kids had chocolate ice cream at the complimentary &quot;happy hour&quot; before we went out to dinner- a rare treat for them!) We also had a front row view of the Empire State Building. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Best value in Manhattan!	We have stayed at several hotels in Manhattan in this price range and the Residence Inn Manhattan-Times Square is without question the absolute best we have experienced! For the price, you will not find better in this city. We stayed over Xmas '06 and the entire stay was superb! We will definitely be back!	
Dec 27 2006 	Exceptional for the Money and Location	My husband and I went to NYC for the first time this December 22-24. We booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews. Although it got great reviews, we were expecting a small room that was just a place to sleep. We were pleasantly suprised, however, by the size, quality and details in the room: stainless steel appliances (fridge, dishwasher and microwave), flat screen TV, and rainfall shower head. The bed was really comfortable as well, and there was a great view from our window overlooking Bryant Park on the 26th floor. The breakfast buffet was OK, good selection, midiocre food quality, but what do you expect, it's free. A staff member at the front desk, Joseph, helped us carry luggage to our car in the parking garage after we checked out so that we could do some last minute sightseeing, and was very polite. The only downsides to this hotel were things that they were most likely not able to help, and are probably univeral problems in NYC hotels: long lines/waits for the elevators (especially during breakfast between 9-10 AM), crowded breakfast buffett, and a lot of kids. I would say that it was overall a great experience.	
Dec 25 2006 	you must read this review!!!!!!!!!	IF YOU DONT STAY HERE YOU WILL BE SORRY!! This is the best hotel in new york hands down! you are only 2 blocks from Macys and about 3 from times square. You cant beat the price and the rooms and beds are devine! The Hotel staff are by far the nicest and most accomadating ever! Joe in concierge is incredible with many helpful hints on dining. And my man Tony Rocks!!! please dont pay the prices to stay in Times Square. IT is too noisy to busy and frankly a litttle dirty and sleezy. dont get me wrong you must walk down and see it but thats about it! this hote has the best free breakfast one can ask for a plus for families! O.K. last but not least please go to Lazzaras around the corner from this hotel for the best Pizza ever. AND FOR A TRUE NEW YORK EXPERIENCE GO ON A FAMOUS FAT DAVES EATING TOUR!!HE WILL TAKE YOU PLACES YOU'D NEVER SEE ON YOUR OWN!!!You can google him famous fat daves. com	
Dec 12 2006 	Great Place to Stay	My daughter and I stayed at this property the weekend of December 8th to do Christmas shopping. This place is wonderful. The hotel staff is superb (very helpful). We've stayed at many hotels throughout the NYC area (upper manhattan, times square, Soho, etc)., by far this property is the best. Don't let the prices fool you. The hotel is located within walking distance to major shopping (Macy's, Lord &amp; Taylor, H&amp;M, ) and Bryant Park. The room was emmaculate, Granite counter tops, stainless applicances (microwave and fridge). Wonderful bed, flat screen TV. Don't pass the propery up!!!	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Location with all the amenities for a good night's sleep!	Our group, 2 moms and 2 teen-aged daughters, stayed in this hotel for 3 nights the week of Thanksgiving. The hotel is very clean and modern. I have never stayed in a hotel in NYC that I didn't hear horns and cars all night long. I did not hear anything at this hotel, it was amazing! It is extremely quiet and the bed was heaven! The two girls said the couch sleeper sofa was not the greatest, but they seemed to sleep fine. It is about the size of a double, not queen. The elevators work fast, the free breakfast in the morning is plentiful and high quality. The free dinner was awesome too. We ate there one night so that we could go have dessert at Serendipity later that night. The room was a little crowded for 4 women. The sink and toilet are in the same room as the shower, so prep time in the morning was a little slow. If you use the mirrors on the closet door, and if someone else takes a portable make up mirror, that helps. We used the sink in the kitchen to brush our teeth and the plugs next to the bed and closet mirrors to fix our hair! There are no luggage stands and finding room for all the bags was a challenge! The rooms are a good size for NYC standards, but small for other cities. The location is a short walk from Times Square, and one block to a subway stop. But all in all, we loved the hotel and would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 20 2006	Great Value New Hotel Good Location Clean	Great location, great rooms, not a lot of glamor and glitz, bed was wonderful, the rate was great $209.00. My wife, 2 kids and I came for a NYC weekend and the value was great! Clean room. Small bathroom. New hotel. Flat Screen TV. Across the Street from Bryant Park. Close to Times Square. Concierge was good and helpful.	
Nov 4 2006 	Excelent Hotel !!	We have just returned from a 5-day stay at the Marriott Times Square, New York. The hotel is wonderful and we have never experienced such incredible services before. Good news is: everything is complimentary at the Marriott Residence Inn (including breakfast, dinner and internet access). We have been in New York several times before and this time at the Marriott was far better then the others. I still cannot understand how people have ellected the Sofitel #1 in New York. Honest opinion is the Marriott is the best hotel available for its class of services. We have paid $299 per night for a great room (with a fridge and microwave) on the 22nd floor. Last but not least, the bed was just like being in a soft cloud.	
Oct 30 2006 	Fantastic Time	We stayed here for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. I don't care what you read anywhere else here, the staff was terrific, the room was clean and they had 4-5 HUGE security guards onsite at all times in plain view. The area is perfect -- it is perfectly safe. Just a few short blocks from Times Square. We had a room on the 30th Floor and it was as quiet as being at home in the country! The Kitchenette was sparkling -- with granite tops. I would recommend this place all day long. Price was also great for downtown Manhattan. Take the subway everywhere -- it is safe and the best way to get from Downtown to Central Park and everywhere in between. Absolutely no need to take a cab! Favorite restaurants: Tony's di Napalo, Carmines, Ruths Chris, Blue Fin.	
Oct 26 2006 	This hotel is an amazing option!!!	Wow!!! You most to choice this hotel!!! Really is not at Times Square but is only two or three blocks. This hotel is in the fashion district, so safe to walk for anyhour. You can do late check-out if you ask in the front desk before you leave. There is another cool thing: is only four blocks to Macy's and anothers cool stores where you can buy everything (GAP. Victoria's Secret, Old Navy, Sephora, Sketchers, Manhattan Mall, etc).I stayed in NYC with another two friends for six days (aug 25 to aug 30) and we loved this hotel. how is the staff? so friendly. The breakfast is to much for start the day with energy: scrambled eggs, fruits, waffles, yoghurt, muffins, baggels, milk, coffee, soda and ice tea and you can take all than you can eat!!!The bed and the pillows are like a little clouds and you can sleep like a baby without any noise!!!If you come from Newark Airport you can take a bus (23 dlls for a round trip) from the airport to Bryant Park station and is only a block and a half to the hotel!!!Now I know that I love New York City and i want to go again!!! I want to plan my trip and I'll stay in the Residence Inn again!!! Of course!!!	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Choice	Just returned from a 2 night stay at this little gem in the heart of Manhattan. We used our points and have stayed at the Marquis at previous visits but wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. It was a great choice as the location is still walking distance to everything, Bryant Park is a tranquil oasis and there are lots of places for shopping and eating right nearby within an easy stroll. The staff is wonderful, very friendly and helpful. We appreciated the evidence of security greeting each and everyone that walks through the hotel's only one entrance. We requested a higher up floor and had a corner room on the 20th floor. The room was very clean, quiet, contemporary and an ok size. The bed was wonderful and allowed for a good night's sleep. Our bathroom was bit on the small side, single sink with minimal counter space. But, it worked for a couple of nights. I did wonder if they should have cut back on the full size fridge and the empty kitchen cabinets and increased the closet and/or bathroom space. We even had pots and pans but no stove, go figure! Breakfast on the 3rd flor was nice and had an ample selection. Agree with the previous poster of trying to get there before 9:15 because there's a mad rush and the staff does close the place down right on the dot at 9:30am. We would definately stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend it!	
Oct 13 2006 	Ditto - Great Place!	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights during the first week of October. Had a wonderful stay. We reserved a corner studio suite which was located on the 7th floor. Room was very quiet. Bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept on. Staff were very friendly and efficient from our first step in the door until our departure. I liked the presence of security in the lobby.The location is great - near the subways and close to Times Square but not actually in it. The suite was very comfortable and the price was good (face it - everything in New York is going to be a bit pricey). We used the concierge a couple of times for directions and a restaurant reservation - great service. Only heads up to give is this - don't head to the included buffet breakfast during the last 30 minutes of this service. It was a complete zoo the two times we tried this! Wake up earlier or blow it off and find a light breakfast at one of the many excellent cafes or shops nearby. We visit NYC twice a year to visit our daughter who lives there and we will definitely return here on our next visit.	
Oct 11 2006 	Perfect Oasis In The City	I have stayed at this Residence Inn about 5 times since it opened in January 2006.The Hotel is in an excellent midtown location across from Bryant Park. 6th AVe. and 38th street. The Subway is in front of your door. The hotel rooms are TOP NOTCH. From the flat panel tv to the down comforters on the Comfy triple sheeted beds, to the beautiful Kitchen furnished with stainless steel appliances. The hotel staff is friendly, and pleasent to deal with. They even called me on my cell phone when my room was cleaned, and ready to occupy. The place is clean. As if all this is not enough they offer a FREE Buffet breakfast every morning that consists of Eggs, Sausage, Oatmeal, Assorted pastery, Bagles, Toast. Coffee, Tea assortment in a beautiful dinging room overlooking the street. Free New York TImes, Free Wall Street Journals. This Hotel is a Must for NYC. Highly Reccomeded. You will not be disappointed.	
Oct 11 2006 	You must stay here!	Recently returned from a wonderful 4.5 day trip to NY. Booked this hotel following extensive research of all similarly priced hotels in the Times Sq / Mid town area. This hotel lived up to all the positives and none of the negatives posted in Trip Advisor reviews. The staff are superb - no one passed us without a cheerful word and security / reception personnel have a great knowledge of the best places to eat, shows to see and just general tourist information. The rooms are a decent size for this city and we requested and were given a room above the 15th floor with a view of the Empire State. You could also see the Macys sign, which for a born shopper was a great comfort!!!. Loved the room / bed / linen / kitchenette / storage / safe. Everything was immaculately clean and the 24 hour coffee available on the 3rd floor was always very welcome. If you are looking for somewhere reasonably priced, with a great location and good sized clean rooms - look no further.	
Oct 10 2006 	The best find in Manhattan	My husband and I were redeeming Marriott Certificates, and we had confirmed 3 nights worth approximately $430 each, we were originally booked at the Courtyard, but even after confirming via e-mail and phone several times- upon getting there we were told they did not have a room for us, but we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to the Residence Inn around the corner. One of the desk clerks kindly walked us over to the hotel where we promptly checked in at midnight. It was fast and easy. While I was steaming about being bumped to a &quot;cheaper&quot; hotel, we were assured we were being upgraded. I couldn't help but feel cheated as we were shuffled off to another hotel, meanwhile our $430 per night certificates were being redeemed at a totally different hotel than what we had planned for months.As soon as we walked in the door of our room all those worries vanished. Regradless of the original value of our certificates for the Courtyard, the Residence Inn blew it away. My husband warned me that NYC hotel rooms are extremely small. I was thrilled with the size of our room as well as everything the room had to offer. We were in #1001, and we had a lovely corner room with three, yes three sets of windows. The full kitchen was absolutely perfect, although I thought having a full size dishwasher there was overkill. There was a large crock pot sitting on the counter, plenty of other appliances, a full size fridge, a separate small dining area, a sofa (more like a loveseat), a coffee table and chairs, flat screen TV, and then my absolute favorite part........The bed was simply amazing, the most comfortable I have ever slept on in my life and I am very picky. The pillows (there were at least 8 of then on our bed) varied in firmness, etc. My favorite were the latex foam pillows. I enjoyed them so much I hunted down the exact same brand when I returned home, (in case you're wondering, they are Talaylay Latex Foam Pillows, Simmons Beautyrest makes them and you can also find identical ones at Dillard's for about $40 each). The bed was so comfortable that we had trouble getting out of it each morning. We actually missed the free breakfast every single day, so we cannot report on that. The bathroom was very small, but considering we were only in there for limited amounts of time, that was not really an issue. I especially liked the dual shower heads in the bathroom, the separate detachable head was perfect for rinsing hair, shaving legs, etc. I would have felt a little less cramped in the bathroom if there had been a pocket door versus a regular door that took up so mucy room and made it awkward to get in and out of the bathtub without having to climb over the commode. The towels were big, fluffy and soft. Although there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom, we never experienced any type of problem with the steam or otherwise.The room was extremely quiet, we never heard any noise from the hallways, the streets, or any other guests. Upon check-out, they were happy to hold our bags for us in their secure area until we had to get to the airport. The doorman was always available to hail a cab for us. We never really encountered any other staff at the hotel, but those who we did come into contact with were very polite and friendly.All in all, this room was completely perfect, especially for NYC. When we return, we will definitely use the Residence Inn as our #1 choice. And if we had to pay regular price for this hotel, I would still feel like we got a great deal, especially after seeing some of the other hotels and their rates that were available in this area.	
Oct 4 2006 	Almost perfect at an great price.	I'm typically a budget traveller as being where I am is much more important than where I stay. I always do my best to get clean, convenient but mostly affordable accommodations. I hit the jack pot with this hotel. I've been to NYC quite a few times - each for 4-5 day weekends. I usually sub-let a flat as I know friends there, but the late decision to go to The Apple this time made a hotel my only option. I did check out B&amp;B's as well as Inn's, which I think would be another great way to go, but nothing was available for the 4 nights I needed this past weekend. I was put onto the Marriott and figured it would be way too much. Then I started digging.The Residences and Courtyards are the cheapest of the lot. But the deal i got at this hotel was awesome - especially after I made some requests from Marriott Customer services and the Hotel's customer service dept. Like the person below, I booked two nights at 219 with teh advances purchase guaranteed price of 219/per fpr a King Studio and pull-out sofa - really all two of us would need to use as our &quot;base of operations&quot; for the 4 days and nights. As the rooms were not availbale for that rate for all 4 nights I bit the bullet and booked the other 2 at $299/per - much more than I wished to pay. I followed the the changes in price and a week prior to departure saw that the rooms were at 209/night. I cancelled the 299 nights and explain this to the hotel. They were ten kind enough to change the &quot;guaranteed - no cancellation rate of $219/night to make it so we were paying $209/night for each of the 4 nights. Very nice.Now about the hotel itself:Very clean, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I'd slept in on the nights I got it - 2 of the 4. Although I thought it was totally unlikely, we actually did get a view of the Empire State Building. I though from previous pictures from Tripadvisor it was a loooong shot but I guess you've got at least a 25% chance of being on the right side. That was a nice plus. It was great having the fridge and microwave, so we kept our refreshments there. Granite counter tops were a good addition. There were were minor things that weren't all that bothersome, but which likely wouldn't have occurred at a 4 or 5 star. The tub would not hold water, so gaving a both was tough. The sliding glass closet doors were very loose and one fell out. Also, you had to hold the toilet handle down for about 15 seconds to get a proper flush. But these were the only, as well as minor, inconveniences in the room itself.While there is both breakfast as well as a bar at this place, neither are that great. The breakfast ends at 10, so if you're out late the night before that can be tough. The one day we managed to get there, it was very average, except for the packaged yogurt, fresh fruit and coffee. Still, not at all bad for free. The bar is nice but very quiet. The 2 times we dropped in during the cocktail hour there was only one or two people there. The location is excellent and from there were hit Soho, Greenwich Village, Upper Westside, Chelsea and the Lower Eastside with ease. Even headed to see a Yankees game easily. But that's one of the things that makes Manhattan great. Nothings far. I think if I go again, I might stay longer, and might stays at a quieter location (Greenwish, Upper Westside), but for a short intense stay, this was perfect.Right next to the hotel is Bryant Park and we found ourselves having a very nice lunch there for a extremely reasonable price. MoMA was a stone's throw as were many other great things to see.All-in-all, this was a great experience, made so by the fact the hotel was willing to better their price even when they didn't need to. It was a bit of work to get the deal, but if you'r willing to keep checking their website, you can get get a $300-$400 room at the Residence Inn for just over $200. A great deal, especially if there's two of you sharing. After searching the net for a long time, even a cheap B&amp;B is around that price. The same can be done at the Marriott Courtyard Times Square, but they do not have the kitchenettes.One last thing: The other hotels we seriously considered were the Milford Plaza in Times Square and the Marrakech on the Upper Westside. Neither compared after seeing the reviews and &quot;candid photos&quot; and reading the reviews. There may be other great places to stay for this price, but given the short time I had to book a good, affordable room (2 weeks) we feel like we scored here.	
Oct 3 2006 	Fantastic from the UK 22nd - 25th SEP 2006	Arrived at the hotel on 22nd September about 3pm.Check in was smooth and we were given the 33rd floor 3304 to be exact, Had a fantastic view of the ESB and downtown (see picture), Bed was like nothing I have been in before choice of 3 types of pillow and real covers!! Kitchen was great, had all that you would need, actually there was nothing to fault. This was a great stay and I would go back to this hotel again and again!No issues with the FREE Breakfast always had two helpings!!!The staff were always friendly and the security are perfect.You cant go wrong with this hotel unless your too much of a moaner and can find faults like &quot; with the window OPEN I could hear the traffic&quot; &quot;my dear sir, your in New York not on a farm&quot;!!!!Just one more thing - The towels in our room were fine - no gold weave, just fine - no shedding and did a perfect job of drying me!Hope this helps you with a decision!	
Oct 1 2006 	I love it - A bargain !!!	Everyone is entitled to their opinion/experiences but I could not let that last review go by without comment. Stayed here 2 nights being a Friday and a Saturday. The rate was $219 USD per night 14 days in advance booked through the Marriott website. (If I had booked that day before the rate had dropped to $209 but that's the gamble you take - what if I had waited and the hotel was full ?) For the rate quoted I got the queen bed &amp; rollaway with kitchen dishwasher/microwave/LCD TV and everything else described in these reviews. Bed was VERY comfortable and it came with 10 pilows. The room feels very new, clean and modern. Bathroom could be bigger however. The hotel is right on the corner of W39th St and 6th Ave so an EASY 10 minute walk to all the theatres and Times Square. Breakfast was free and excellent.For the price I paid I have no hestiation at recommending this hotel to anyone. Also you must visit TKTS for half price broadway show tix for sale on the day of the performance. I did and got excellent seats to a broadway show on a Saturday night - It will top off your stay !!!	
Sep 21 2006 	Gem of a place!	I traveled to NYC on business and after reading many reviews decided to book at the Residence Inn Marriott. I was extremely pleased with everything about this little gem! The service was polite and helpful (front desk helped me order food at 2 AM when I arrived from the West Coast). My Studio Suite was very clean and spacious (sitting room and kitchen) as well as handsomely appointed. The hotel was so convenient to everything being around the corner from, with out being in the middle of, the madness that is Times Square. The room was unbelievably quiet and finally, there was a breakfast buffet included in the price of the room! I will indeed stay there again when I return to New York City.	
Sep 21 2006 	Do not stay at the Marriott Residence Inn!	The hotel is subpar at best with the price you pay to stay there. One can easily find a better hotel with more space at the rates they charge. I was charged $399 for a King Size Bed, but all the room sizes are apparently the same. The mattress was not firm and the towels were the cheap kind that shed. The view from the hotel was pretty crappy too - a building wall stood outside my window. They claim to be a smoke free hotel, but my room smelled like cigarettes when I got there, and to top it off, they charged me an additional $250 after I checked out claiming that I smoked in the room!! The manager there was very indifferent about the charge and refused to take it off. About the only thing I liked about my stay there was the location since it's right in the heart of midtown (near the theater district and Macys/shopping area), but again, not worth it. I usually stay in the hotels in Times Square (like Marquis, Millenium, W, etc), not near Times Square, and I will never stay at this hotel again. I'm quite surprised by some of the &quot;great&quot; reviews this hotel has gotten.Frequent travelerFirenze, Italy	
Sep 17 2006	A great find.	Originally booked courtyard times sq, but they were full so transferred us here- 1 min walk. What a piece of good luck! Got an upgrade to a queen suit- which was excellent. Big bed, LCD tv, fridge/freezer/microwave/coffee maker. Just like a kitchen in your room (but no proper oven) ..but fine for the self catering tourist. Good location very close to Bryant park, acceptable for times sq, ESB and other mid-town stuff. Close to subway too. This is a new hotel so is clean and has a nice interior, including a waterfall in the foyer. Staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast was free for me- if you can get this- take it..eat all you want, but may get busy (although it was labor weekend when i was there). There is a small bar overlooking 6th ave, they have a nice pool table. 4 nights cost 895usd, but this is cheaper than usual for the queen suit which is about 300usd per night. Expensive I know but shop around and see if you can get the same for less. Check out the official website- tells you all you need, and it's correct!	
Sep 10 2006	Out of this world!	This is a great hotel for families. We were there for seven days over July 4th and had a great time. The staff was helpful and very friendly to our three and four year olds. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone.	
Sep 4 2006 	I Loved Every Minute!	Stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. The hotel is fantastic! I stayed on the 16th Floor in a Queen Studio. The room had everything! ! Great Queen Size bed with tons of pillows! A small sofa and cocktail table. A Kitchenette with fridge, dishwasher, microwave and toaster. And, included in your room rate is all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. Not just a continental style, but scrambled eggs, sausage, fried potatoes, and one day, pancakes, the next, french toast. Also, cereals, bagels, yogurt, fruit, bread for toasting, hot coffee, juices, it was great. This hotel is 5 stars in my book. I will definitely book here again.P.S. The location was excellent. Walking distance to Macy's, Time Square, the subway lines, Penn Station.	
Aug 27 2006	Strong Recommendation for Marriott's Residence Inn on 6th Ave	This hotel did not disappoint at all. The staff were very friendly, and the rooms as reviewed by others are very nice.My queen studio was not large or terribly small but well laid out - very new and very clean. It was suitable for one or two people, but not more. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and it was great having a full fridge (as well as dishwasher and microwave) and granite counters and eating bar (no separate eating area, though other suites have them). There is a sofa bed, but if opened it would make the room cramped, certainly for more than 2. I am not sure if they have any suites with 2 queen beds, (check out Doubletree in Times Square...there are two-room suites that are larger and you you will pay more, and not get a free breakfast). The bed was exceptionally comfortable and even the clock radio included a CD player. Location: corner of 39th Street and 6th Avenue (aka Avenue of the Americas)..you are 4 blocks from Macy's to the south (also very close to the Empire State Building) and 3 blocks to 42nd Street (the next Avenue over is Broadway and the heart of Times Square). The hotel is well situated for theatre goers and those who prefer being midway to the top attractions that you can reach by subway or by walking - the blocks in NYC are short. Technically this is the fashion district, and there are stores selling buttons, ribbons and garments around the hotel. Bryant Park is at 42nd Street and 6th and a nice respite from the city. They film Good Morning America concerts there and were also filming an Home and Garden television show for the last few days. The hotel is about $50 to $100 per night cheaper than comparable rooms right in Times Square (though some are larger but none that I am aware of include a free breakfast).The very large breakfast lounge on the 3rd floor is the nicest one I have ever seen (tables and chairs but also couches and lounge chairs that are modern and in a tasteful setting, not what you may be used to). The free breakfast is from 6:30 - 9:30 weekdays and 7:00-10:00 weekends. Food is the same every day...fresh and hot, great coffee and juice. The New York Times and U.S.A. Today are made available as well. There is also a large LCD TV in a certain area. As others have indicated there are free social hour meals from 5-7 on weekdays (not Thursdays)...taco night, soup and salad...etc. Was not at the hotel during those hours to take advantage. I heard people complain about elevator service, but I was up for breakfast quite early so this was never a problem. I have never stayed at a hotel in NYC where elevator service was not slow on occasion.The lobby is long and narrow, and a bit congested when many are checking in and out. There is free internet access at a PC at the end of the front desk with a printer. It came in incredibly handy when I misplaced my e-ticket and needed to print a new one. Kudos to Marriott for thinking of everything. Again, the staff were helpful in allowing me to email them to print my e-ticket when the pdf file could not be opened on the PC. It is definitely worth the reasonable price (by NYC standards) and the top 3 of the 7 or so different hotels I have stayed at in NYC. I will definitely be back. There is nothing particularly special about the stores and things right beside the hotel...the good location refers to what is just three short blocks away to the South or North.Tip: pack your own container to bring breakfast back to your room, if you prefer not to eat in the breakfast room. There are coffee cups to go and plastic plates, but they may not keep your food warm.A couple of suggestions to make it better: luggage rack, NYC tourist mags in room. Not crazy about the hallway decor...but no big deal.Enjoy this hotel, the staff and NYC.	
Aug 27 2006 	wonderful place	We booked our trip directly through Marriott and stayed for a great rate of $209.00. (Friday - Tuesday) Our room had a queen bed, sofa, dining table and two chairs and a full kitchen. The appliances were stainless steel and the kitchen was stocked with everything you need, including a toaster and crock pot. The bed with delcious sheets and duvet cover was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. It felt exactly like the wonderful bed I had at the Hilton Millenium earlier in my trip. The bathroom was spotless and modern, but very small. The location can't be beat. The concierge is extremely helpful. All staff members are totally courteous and competent.I will definitely check into this hotel again if the price is right.	
Aug 14 2006 	Great place for families	Family stayed in a King Studio; 2 young kids slept on the sofabed. The hotel is very clean (new), including the room. Friendly service at the front desk, bellmen, security, etc. Reasonable rate. Studio had large refrigerator, microwave, sink, some plates, glasses, etc. Very nice if you want to keep a few things around.Very convenient to have free breakfast available...saves time in the morning. During the week they have light dinner (soup and salad when I was there) at no additional cost; I didn't use this, as was always out for dinner. But there if you need it.A block or two walk to Times Square; we walked back to the hotel after the theater and never felt unsafe.It's nice to be close to Time Square, yet just off of it. Bryant Square subway station very convenient.While I did not use this service...the hotel directory/information book said they will shop for groceries free, if you give them a list (you have to pay for the groceries, but not the service).Great stay. Next time I bring my family to NYC, this will be first hotel on our list.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great Hotelk	Stayed here with my teenagers. Right off the bat the bellman (huge guy) was great. Got all our gear and directed me to the Avis site and pointed out everything close that we would need (grocery etc.). Room was better than the Renaissance at 49th street. Totally modern with a flat screen. The air conditioning was weak but they sent a guy up right away to replace the filter and get to going. Subway is across the street and Times Square is about a blo9ck away. Would definitely stay here again	
Aug 4 2006	summer in NY	My family and I went to Times Square in Manhattan,NY in July.This hotel is near everything ( Bryant Park is across the street).It is around the corner from times square, herald square and the theatre district. The staff were excellent, security in the hotel was ever present. The hotel offered a nice breakfast, except it should be longer in duration. Being NY'rs , my wife and I are accustomed to poor service and bad customer relations, but this Hotel was a nice experience.	
Aug 1 2006	Yes it's good - But ...	OK this is a good place and reasonable bargain for NYC. However I fell for the young man's pitch at the front counter to fix me up with a room with a &quot;lot of space&quot; and a view of the Empire State Bldg. He put me in the wheel chair access room. Yeah sure lots of space ... no furniture! Also no closet. I ended up changing the room because the broadband didn't work and discovered that this spaceous room was exactly like any other except it had no furniture and had no closet and had a spaceous bathroom, made so spaceous by not having a cupboard/counter top for the sink. Otherwise this hotel is OK. But the in-room broadband can really be a hassle as it requires often resetting (turning off and turning on) the modem and/or your computer ... and if you pause for a couple of minutes (maybe 3) you get logged off the server.	
Jul 26 2006 	Absolutely Fantastic!!	This hotel is an absolute gem! My wife, her sister, and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Residence Inn, and everything was great. We had initially heard about this hotel from one of my co-workers, so we decided to give it a try ,and we were not disappointed in any way. The location is perfect. When you leave the hotel, you are exactly 3 short blocks to 42nd street, and 1 block over to the beginning of Times Square. Rockefeller Center is 8 blocks away, right up 6th Avenue. The subway is right across the street, and Bryant Park is diagonally across.The rooms are immaculate, and very spacious. Please consider the corner room with 3 windows, you will not be dissatisfied. The breakfast was wonderful and very plentiful, and the social dinner (week nights at 5:30 to 7:00) was the same. If there is a better hotel staff in New York, I would like to see them. From the check-in staff to the maid service, they are helpful and very cordial in every aspect. Just a little suggestion for the travelers coming from Newark Airport - There is a bus service (Coach USA) that runs round trip buses every 15 minutes from Newark to Midtown. The bus drops off at Bryant Park, and is very close to the hotel. The roundtrip cost is only $23 each!! This might save you some money. Hope all this helps. David &amp; Vickie HickmanGadsden, Alabama	
Jul 26 2006	What a deal!	This Residence Inn (located at Ave. of Americas and 38th) was really a deal. As Marriott Rewards members we got a good rate and found it included a buffet breakfast and on weeknights, a small supper. It's a great location, handy to everything. Seemed to be almost new, non-smoking and very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this and would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 16 2006	In a nutshell...WONDERFUL!	The Residence Inn/Time Square was one of the nicest places we've stayed!If you arrive by car park in front or along side the hotel and go inside. They'll send a valet out to park your car. There isn't a lot of room and you need to be cautious of the traffic. Don't make the mistake of going into the parking garage around the corner. You'll pay $10.00 more per day if you do. It does take some time for the valet to retrieve the car, especially during check-out, so call ahead from your room.The room is considered a studio suite but truthfully it's not much larger the a regular hotel room. It had a kitchen area with a full fridge, microwave and coffee maker. There was no cooktop but I think they offer them in some rooms. The room was beautifully decorated, even in the kitchen and dining area. The refrigerator was stainless steel and the counter top was shiny black. The curtains, rug and linens were gorgeous! I don't usually comment on the decor of rooms but this was so beautiful I had to mention it! There was a small sleeper sofa which was horribly uncomfortable! You could feel every spring in the matteress! For as much effort they put into the rest of the room, you'd think they could invest in a quality sleeper sofa mattress. Now for the best part...the bed! It was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The pillows were great and the linens were so soft. The mattress had a thick pillow topper that just enveloped you. The shower was great and had a massaging shower head along with a &quot;rainshower&quot; head. The soap they provided reminded me a my favorite Crabtree and Evelyn soap. A regualr handheld hairdryer is provided and it's not one of those weak dryers that are attached to the wall.The breakfast was very nice and was located on the third floor and had plenty of tables and chairs. The were also vending machines and a small bar area. Breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs, sausage patties, homefries, danishes, cinnamon rolls, bagels, english muffins, and bread. There was a conveyer type commercial toaster which was very quick. It would have been nice if the had a waffle maker or pancakes but even so, the selection was nice. The coffee was delicious! Instead of making it in your room go for the coffee the hotel provides. It was really that good and available 24 hours a day.The concierge was extremely helpful as was the rest of the staff. The managers were always in the lobby ready to help and answer any questions and had headphones on to contact the bellhops and valet. The hotel is animal friendly but we heard no barking, meowing etc. I asked if certain rooms are reserved for pets and I was told all rooms were available for them. Our room had no evidence of pets and was very clean. There's an additional fee but only after seven days.Bryant Park is a block away and is next to the New York Public Libarary. The park has plenty of cafe tables and chairs. It was nice to just sit there with a cup of coffee and enjoy the view. Bryant Park also as free movies every Monday during the summber on a huge screen. Get there early because the lawn fills up fast. Across the street from the hotel is an ice cream shop which was yummy. We saw the off-Broadway show, Slava's Snow Show which was fun, especially if you have kids. It was about $7.00 by taxi to get to the theater.We payed under $220.00 per night which is almost unheard of in Mid-town and even more unbelievable for the quality of this hotel.	
Jul 13 2006	great place to stay	We stayed there for the July 4th long weekend this year. Very nice and clean hotel. Well positioned in NY with easy access to everything and within walking distance of Times Square. A very cool lounge area where you can relax or eat food and watch whatever you want on several flat screen TVs located in different areas. Friendly staff. The only negative was that the rooms were smaller than usual but that was not a major issue. Recommend getting a higher floor to avoid street noise. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 10 2006	Residence Inn from now on...	First let me say, I did not have a reservation and I was in the middle of the city and it was raining to boot. Going to the city is hard enough and getting a room there is even harder. I walked in to the Residence Inn Marriot and asked if they had anything available and I was immediately given a room on a floor of my choice. When I arrived to the room, it was breathtaking to say the least. There was a full kitchen with a dishwasher; everything was brand new and sparkling with that brand new look. The bathroom was immaculate and the dual shower head made for a very enjoyable and invigorating shower. The towels were thick and soft as if you were brought them from home. The bed was beyond comfortable; I wanted to take it with me when I checked out. The sheets were clean and fresh; just the way they should be. They even supply the room with a flat screen plasma TV for your pleasure. The staff were great at check in and check out and the fact that they have valet parking was plus because it --- to have to find parking in the city. They tell you to give them 30 minutes to retrieve your car, but they had my car out front for me within 15 minutes of my call. Overall this was the best stay that I have ever had in the city and this will be become my hotel of choice from this day forth.	
Jul 9 2006	Home Away From Home (NOT in Times Square)	This was the first time we ever stayed in a Marriott Residence Inn; it won't be our last. This is a completely modern, clean, comfortable, accommodating hotel. We had two rooms located at the end of a hall on the 15th floor. Since there was also a door in the hall that we were able to close and lock, we were able to keep our room doors open and accessible to all of us (3 adults, 3 teens, 9 year-old, and a 14 month-old.) Ideal set-up!Each room had a queen bed (wonderfully comfortable!) and a sofa bed (so-so for comfort), a small bathroom and a kitchenette (microwave, refrigerator, sink, coffeemaker, cabinets, utensils, dishes, etc. and dishwasher.) Decor was attractive and lighting functional.The inn provides a complete complimentary breakfast each day. Although the food was ordinary (scrambled eggs, potatoes, fruit, sausage patties, yogurt, cereal, bagels, etc.), it was filling and plentiful. The dining and buffet areas were constantly being cleaned since there were many folks utilizing the services.The staff were all attentive and accommodating. Check-in was simple and quick. We arrived in NYC early and thought we'd simply ask to check our luggage at the hotel, however, we were pleasantly surprised to find our rooms ready at noon!There were a couple of small annoyances: the hotel only has one laptop available for guests to use the Internet. These days so many folks want to check Email, reservations, etc. via Internet so I thought that the one unit was completely inadequate since there are 357 suites in the hotel. Also, there was only one person manning the Concierge desk and there were many people waiting for assistance in the small lobby. Also, when I returned to my room in the evening, I saw that housekeeping had not stopped by. I called the desk and learned that they don't offer daily cleaning, but they do offer &quot;light refreshing..&quot; However, we hadn't received anything. After this, in the other room, I found that there was a paper stating how housekeeping works. However, there wasn't any paper in my room, so I had no idea. I didn't mind that the beds weren't made, etc. but our trash receptacles were overflowing and we'd used our towels and hadn't hung them to dry so someone stopped by to take the trash and replenish the towels.One other thing I want to mention: the inn is not in Times Square. I thought that this was a good thing because the inn was not extremely noisy at night. I think it is misleading since &quot;Times Square&quot; is part of the name. It isn't very far away (a couple of blocks).We only got to stay here for two nights, but I think it is an excellent choice for folks (especially if they are staying for several days since you'll enjoy many of the comforts of home.) It is relatively easy to walk around to the sites and public transportation is easily accessible, too.	
Jun 26 2006	Residence Inn at its best!	I had stayed a month ago at the New York Palace and had no huge expectations from staying at the Residence Inn, but from previous comments I was encouraged. Well, it certainly surpassed my expectations!This is not your typical &quot;cookie cutter&quot; Residence Inn. It is new, modern and very clean. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I requested fresh bedding for the sofa bed and got it in less than 5 minutes. Ask for an even numbered room on the 15th floor or above to truly get a great view of the Empire State building. I left the curtain opened all night just to enjoy the sights. If you are traveling with family, ask for a handicapped room which, if available, is slightly larger.The luggage porter was very helpful and correct in all of the information he provided. I tipped him $20 even though I'm really a cheapskate. Breakfast is great and free unlike the $40 I paid for oatmeal and coffee at the Palace. The Chinese/Japanese/Thai restaurant around the corner (on 39th) will deliver food to your room. Otherwise, you can go there. They are also very friendly and the price was right.	
Jun 23 2006	Outstanding Service and Experience!!!	This was our first time in NYC and as this was our honeymoon, we didn't know what to expect. I am a business traveller and typically stay at &quot;value&quot; hotels such as Holiday Inn Express about 40-50 nights/year. I usually stay at premium and luxury hotels about 10-12 nights/year as well. I have never stayed at a Residence Inn before and Marriott Hotels are not usually my first choice (due to poor past experience) but my stay at this hotel had me and my new wife very impressed with the staff, levels of service and emenities at the NYC Marriott Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square.Starting with our bellman right to the housekeeping staff, front desk agent etc...it was all stellar! 1. Our bellman spent 15 minutes after unloading our luggage to tell us where the best restaurants were. We were hungry and it was getting late, but we took his suggestion and directions and enjoyed his recommendation.2. We had left the privacy please tag on the door and the housekeeping staff actually didn't come in the next morning. Instead of even knocking, they left a message on our voicemail and asked us to call back when we wanted service (I hate when housekeeping staff knock when I am trying to sleep!)3. The free breakfast was great. The experience would have been amazing without the breakfast, but there was a large selection, great atmosphere and I even brought the food back to my wife in take-out containers one day when she was not feeling well enough to come down.4. A manager (I think he might have been the GM) of the hotel was in the lobby and he shook our hands and welcomed us when our original bellman introduced us. 5. The security guard/doorman was very helpful with directions and hailed cabs for us on numerous occasions telling the cab driver exactly where to go. 6. The front desk staff were amazingly pleasant and completed the check-in in a minute or two. Everything was ready and they even granted my request of being on the top (34th floor).7. Location, Location, Location! This hotel is just steps from Times Square, Theatre and great shopping! We always felt safe.8. The rooms are huge! I was expecting small rooms, but the kitchen area was nice, the bathrooms adequate and the bed/living area was very comfortable. Amazing bed and linens! Not only will I make every effort to stay at this hotel again if in NYC, but I will also be willing to give other Marriott's a chance after many years of boycott.	
Jun 23 2006	Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square	I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is a 20 minute walk or 5 min taxi to Grand Central Station so you can get or catch the airport shuttles to La Gaurdia or JFK that was $21.00 round trip. Also a not to far to walk to Times Square. or many other attractions. Was nice to walk by Byrant Park looked so relaxing. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The room was very nice we changed our choice of room and was able to obtain one as soon as we arrived at 9:30 a.m. It ended up being a wheel chair accessable room which was fine we had a view of the ESB. The only down side is there were large fans on the roof of the building next door so would not want to open the window. But we did not want it open anyways. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The only comment I would say against the room is it was way too cold but they did come and fix that for us. The breakfast buffet was very nice way to start the day and ended up being the only meal of the day we did have everyday. If you are looking for something to eat near by cross over Avenue of Americas and go up 39th Street to Cafe 39 just a few doors up they have a great Chicken Wrap small chips and pickle for $5.36 tax incl. It was so filling it lasted me two meals.	
Jun 17 2006	Wonderful Staff	Our stay was great. The hotel is clean and confortable. Beds very much so. We didn't have a great view. We had an odd number room. but we weren't there much and when we were the room was very comfortable. The staff was great from the room maintenance to the great desk staff. Very honest, very helpful and fun. We could walk just about eveywhere. Good location. Great shopping. Would highly recommend and would stay again.	
Jun 13 2006	Wow	This is a new and very clean hotel. We had a room on the fifth floor with a view of the Empire State Building. I believe rooms ending in an even number have the Empire State view. Our room was quiet even though we were near elevators. Good insulation.Our suite was a little larger than the size of a regular hotel room. The king size bed and the sofabed face each other. There are no separate rooms - other than the bathroom. The refrigerator, micro, and dishwasher are a nice feature. One TV is provided here.The lobby is quite small. However, on the third floor there is a massive lounge area with sofas, tables, chairs, TVs, and books. This is also where the breakfast and evening reception take place. Coffee, tea, and hot chocolate are available here 24/7. There is a bar on this level that is open until midnight. On the bottom floor is the laundry room. There are plenty of washers and dryers here. There is also a coin changer for $5 and $1 bills. Laundry detergent is provided at the front desk upon request. This floor also has a fitness center, Treadmills, cycles, and eliptical machines 3-4 of each. This is where the ice and vending machines are located.We loved the location of this hotel. Walking distance to 2 subway stations, Times Square, Broadway shows, Bryant Park, PublicLibrary, Lord and Taylor, Macy's, Empire State Building, and Yankees Club Store. There were always plenty of staff on duty. Service was prompt and friendly.	
Jun 12 2006	Great Hotel! 06/09/06-06/11/06	We arrived in the a.m. so rooms were not ready, but we were allowed to complete the paperwork and store our bags. There was rain in the forecast, so the desk clerk offered us an umbrella just in case. After a day of walking around Times Square and SoHo, we came back to the hotel. We got our keys and headed up to our rooms. Very nice. Little kitchen area with sink, refrigerator and crock pot. Can imagine a huge need for a crock pot in the room, but it was there. There was a nice sitting area. A flat screen TV that could swivel toward the bed or the sitting area. My view was directly onto Ave. of the Americas from the 20th floor. Very nice! The bathroom was okay. Of average size. The shower head was high, so that was nice for a tall person. The showerhead had many adjustment options (i.e. massage, shower, single jet). I do wish that the shower curtain rod had been curved out. The bed was excellent! Very nice with lots of pillows. There was a choice of feather or polyfill. I usually have some difficulty sleeping in a hotel, but no problems here. I was too tired most of the time to visit the fitness center, so I didn't even check it out. The morning breakfast was nice. A selection of eggs, sausage, potatoes and pancakes. There was also a selection of different types of breads and two toasters as wel as fruit and cold cereal options.It's not right on Times Square, but only a couple of blocks away. Very close to Bryant Park and the New York City Library. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would plan on staying again.	
Jun 5 2006	fabulous marriot	My wife and I just returned from the City, the Residence Inn Time Square was fabuolus right from the minute we arrived until we left, we even had to stay an extra night due to bad weather. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were very comfortable, great having a fridge and micrwave and sitting area. We had a great view of the Empire state building on the 8th floor. There is a great market 20 steps outside the front door, grab some beer and wine and snacks and you are good to go. Did I mention hot buffet breakfast every morning and from Monday to Thursday happy hour on the third floor lounge(the entire third floor) from 5-7pm we had Lasagna and Ceasar Salad one evening all included in the price. Did I mention that yes I was in New York City getting all these extras included in one price. Thank You Marriot, my wife and I have travelled everywhere who in the world rated this hotel only 3-stars this is the only Hotel in 20 years of marriage that my wife has taken her shoes off in a Hotel room. The front Lobby is small that must be the reason it is only a three star Hotel.	
May 22 2006	Great Location	We just returned from a trip to Manhattan, NY. This hotel just opened in January, so everything is still very new and very nice. The rooms are not really big, but they are very comfortable and very well thought out. They are a little pricey, but by Manhattan standards probably average. Where else in NY can you get a free breakfast? Great, comfortable beds, nice showers. A kitchen! Full fridge, nice microwave and dishwasher; fully loaded with all needed utensils. Even a toaster. You can have a cook top brought in and pots and pans are in each room. Higher floors have great view; takes a little longer to get an elevator, but when it comes it is empty, which is nice. The staff are extremely nice and helpful. All in all, the best place we have ever stayed in NY. Great location at MidTown. Close to Time Square without having it right outside your door. Jack's restaurant right around the corner, and a great place to eat. We highly recommend this Residence Inn!	
May 20 2006 	Love this place	Have stayed here numerous times on business. Staff and service levels are truly outstanding and security is excellent. The rooms have all been beautiful and spacious. The hotel has always been flexible in getting me into nice rooms with gorgeous views (nothing like the Empire State Building rising outside your window!). Extensive and free breakfast offered in a very nice environment. My son-in-law also travels to New York regularly and tries to stay here as often as possible.	
May 16 2006	Excellent Stay and Value	Stayed May 6th - 9th at Residence Inn close to Time’s Square. Lobby was not too exciting but staff is very friendly and corresponding service was excellent. Rooms well set up with kitchens, great beds and very clean. The hotel serves a hot breakfast buffet every day that could meet and please anyone's needs. Location is very accessible to upper and lower Manhattan and theater district. Front desk excellent in their service, maid service available and they magically come like elves while you are out if requested. No waits for service. Concierge very helpful, patient and knowledgeable of New York. Few street noises and the windows open for fresh air. Linens are fine, beds are excellent with feather pillows if requested and plenty of towels. Bathrooms are on the smaller side and products are ok but room and sitting area more than compensate. Hot water was always present and for the money it is a safe and clean oasis in New York City.	
May 15 2006	Great People Great Bed and Great Experience	This hotel is in a fantastic location in Manhattan. Everyone from the security guard to the hotel manager was friendly and extremely helpful. The breakfast was great and the bed was awesome.Phenomenal job, Marriott!	
May 8 2006	No complaints at all - excellent property	This is one of the few hotels that I have stayed in where I have never had a sinlge complaint. Even if I were pressed for a criticism of this hotel, I could not list even one. The location is perfect, the check-in was friendly and efficent, the room well-appointed and impeccably clean, the elevators always worked well and with little waiting, all staff members greeted you and even engaged in conversation, and the complimentary breakfast buffet and afternoon snack was a great treat. More importantly the noticeable security at all times was a tremndous reassurance that you were safe. Of the affordable hotels in NYC (under $300.00) this is the best I have ever stayed at, and will definitely stay there again.	
May 3 2006	wonderful service!	The best part about this very nice hotel in our opinion was the service. Everyone we bumped into was amazingly friendly and courteous. Everyone who worked in the lobby knew our children by name and our 3 year old was calling them all her friends by our 2nd day (indeed they were probably nicer to her than any of our own friends, which says a lot). We asked for a veiw and were given a room on the 28th floor with a view of the Empire State Building which our daughter enjoyed immensely. Beds were of course comfortable Marriott beds. Room was clean and comfortable. Equipped with coffee and free wifi and a plasma screen TV. Bathroom was very clean. Newpaper service in the morning. Just 3 blocks to Times Square! The only thing lacking was a pool, but this is NY.Would definitely stay here again.	
May 1 2006 	Perfect; a great value	I lived in Manhattan for 3 years, attending law school at NYU, and I booked a room at this hotel, post-law school, to take the February 2006 bar exam at the Javitts Center. At first, the main thing that attracted me to the hotel online at Marriott's website was that it was new, having opened in December 2005, I believe. I was extremely happy with the accomodations and everyone from the front desk to security to housekeeping was really friendly and helpful. The decor is beautiful (modern but warm). They serve breakfast and what they call &quot;light fare&quot; in the evenings, but actually the light fare is all-you-can-eat, of relatively high quality (better than what you could get at area bodegas), and I ended up just having dinner there, which saved me lots of money. The hotel is located sqaurely in the Fashion District, and taxis are numerous. I just wish they'd opened a convenience store on the ground floor so that I'd never have to leave other than to take the exam, though there are plenty of delis etc. nearby.	
Apr 30 2006 	Works for me	The Residence Inn Time Square is an excellent addition to the area. In the past I have stayed at the Marriott Marquis and the Courtyard Times Square. This place is cheaper and quieter than the Marquis and is on par pricewise with the Courtyard. Of course you get the complimentary breakfast buffet which is customary for Residence Inn.The location is good, you are a couple of blocks away from the subway and not too far from everything in Times Square.The rooms are spacious with a flat panel TV (although sound and picture quality was questionable on mine). The bed was not huge, but very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful.I have stayed in a number of Reisdence Inns when I travel for business and enjoy the evening happy hour. The Happy hour here was ok. There is plenty of room in the dining area. The only thing I noticed was that beer wasn't included as it is at many of the RI's I have stayed in. If that's important to you, then I suppose its a bad thing. The rate was $269, which is alright for New York. But its a good hotel and worth the money.	
Apr 19 2006	Would stay here again	Our first trip to NYC and after reading several reviews here on this site, settled with this hotel because of the kitchenette and free breakfast which we used daily. Although rooms were small, I understand that's the norm in NYC although our family of four didn't feel too cramped. Hotel staff were extremely friendly. It also had 24 hour hotel security. Hotel is not in the middle of Times Square but close enough - a block or two away. After going through Times Square, we were happy to return to our hotel where things were much quieter. Four elevators are on the slow side and small for a hotel with 35 floors. Breakfast was especially busy but plentiful. I understand there's dinner too M-Thu. Kitchenette has an apt. size fridge, dishwasher, plenty of table items and a sink. My kids were able to eat their cereal when they wanted and we stored our water bottles in the cold fridge during the day. We didn't use the 'gym' but used the internet connectiviy in our room every night. They also had a pc and printer available near the concierge's desk for our use.Only bad thing was the fire alarm that went off just after midnight. This false alarm also happened to us at another hotel in California so we were 'prepared' and didn't react too quickly. Staff came on the intercomm shortly thereafter asking us to standby for further instructions and did apologize the next morning.We would definately stay at this hotel again. I was impressed that it was non-smoking, in a great location, had a kitchenette and provided daily meals.	
Apr 18 2006	Definitely Will Stay Here Again	We have stayed at several hotels around the Times Square area and this is our favorite so far. We stay at Residence Inns in other areas because of the kitchen, larger rooms, and because they accept pets. This particular RI is no different. One thing, this hotel is new, and our taxi driver had no idea where it was. Be prepared with the address or directions.We normally spend alot of time in our room, reading and relaxing, so we appreciate having a larger room. The rooms in the RI are large and arranged very well. We had no trouble moving around and we didn't get in each other's way. The bathroom was small, but efficient. The kitchen was equipped with full size fridge, diswasher, sink, microwave, crock pot, and cookware, dishes, and utensils. There was a clock radio/cd player, a flat panel tv, and free high speed internet hookup. The TV had a place for hooking up a dvd player or game console, but we couldn't get it to work. There was a safe in the closet as well as iron and ironing board. The bathroom had a nice hairdryer in one of the drawers. There were many unused electrical outlets throughout the room, which was a pleasant surprise.One of the best things about the room was the bed. We had a queen, and it was without a doubt the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, no lie. It was firm, but with a soft feel, and the sheets were soft and luxurious. There was a big cozy comforter to complete the deal. We slept with the window open for the crisp cool air so we could feel even more cozy. Heaven!There were several things we were disappointed with. The first was the location. It is on 6th Ave, about a half block south of Bryant Park. Although this is probably technically the &quot;Times Square area&quot;, we were expecting to be much closer to the action there. The other issue was the breakfast. The food was very good, but the closer to closing time, the scarcer the food. If you waited until 1/2 hour or less left before breakfast ended, you didn't have alot of choices. They did not restock as things ran out. There were a couple of mornings there were no eggs, no bagels, only a couple of slices of bread, empty cereal dispensers, no milk, etc. I understand not wanting to waste food, but at least restock those items you can use the next day.The staff was one of the best I have seen. They were all very friendly, striking up conversations in the elevators, always smiling and saying hello, and quick to remedy any problem. We had no problem with check-in, concierge services, or getting a late checkout.Other details about the hotel, there is an exercise room on the lower level, with 3 treadmills, 2 eliptical trainers, 2 bicycles, and a complete set of dumbells. They have towels for guest use and a water dispenser. There is also a guest laundry on the same level, with about 10 sets of washers and dryers. The price is steep, $2.00 for each. You can obtain supplies at the front desk. There is a change machine in the laundry room, but it was out when I was there. I also bought detergent and dryer sheets at the deli next door. There are vending machines that supply soft drinks, water, snacks and ice cream bars. There are 4 elevators for the 34 floors, and the only time we experienced a problem getting one was during breakfast hours. There are 12 guest rooms on each floor, so it is pretty quiet. They are arranged a little funny, with even number rooms to the south of the elevators, and odd numbered rooms to the north. We were always turned around. We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Excellent choice and value	after having to write a subpar review of a hotel in washington d.c., it's a pleasure to recommend this one. we stay at a lot of Residence Inn properties, and generally find them all to be an excellent value. however this one stands out since it must be quite a challenge to provide good service and value in new york city. it helps that it's a new hotel, just opened this year, but the staff could not be more helpful from doormen to lounge and breakfast area. having a mini suite with kitchenette in manhatttan for around $250 per night is quite a luxury. the huge third floor lounge area is impressive, used for breakfast, and open all day with snacks in the afternoon, all included in the room rate. the location, just a couple of blocks from times square, and an easy walk along 5th avenue, empire state building etc. is another advantage. in other words, in a city where it's easy to feel disappointed, overcharged or both, staying here was a refreshing experience.	
Mar 16 2006	Excellent Base for Manhattan	I booked this hotel through Marriott's web site because it was new and the rate was below other, nearby Marriott properties. GOOD DECISION. This hotel has very nice rooms and common areas. As the other reviews note, the location is excellent, the beds are extremely comfortable and the staff is among the most helpful and cheerful I have yet to encounter in NYC. You could certainly do a lot worse! Very close to Times Square, theatres, and Madison Square Garden.	
Mar 14 2006 	Awesome Place!	This hotel is great! The location is perfect whether for business or pleasure, the rooms clean and well-designed, the staff helpful, basically...I don't have enough good things to say about this property. We have stayed in many other NYC hotels and this one was by far the best. Considering the accommodations, breakfast buffet, location, etc. there isn't a better value. It will be our first choice the next time we are in NYC.	
Mar 8 2006	Highly Recommended	This hotel opened in January, and we were there mid-February for 4 nights.Things I liked about the hotel:- Location - on 6th Avenue, one block from Broadway. Close to areas of interest, but the location itself is fairly quiet (for New York!). Bryant Park is just 50 yards away. Times Square - &lt; 5 mins. Empire State Building 5 mins. Manhattan Mall, Macy's 5mins. Rockefeller Centre 5 mins. Madison Square Gardens &lt; 10 mins. 5th Avenue (Bloomingdales etc.) 10 mins. Central Park 15 mins.- Staff were friendly and helpful.- Complementary breakfast (inc. hot food). Complementary evening meal Mon-Thur (usually one type of dish - e.g. pasta dish day 1, chicken &amp; rice dish day 2, pizza day 3) &gt; take it or leave it - we took it and enjoyed it. You can eat in the library area as well as the dining room - very pleasant &amp; comfortable.- Spacious rooms with sofa &amp; kitchenette - fridge, slow cooker, coffee maker, dishwasher (which housekeeper will run for you), and hotplate on request. We planned to cook the odd meal until we found out about the complementary dinner.- No street noise.- Free wireless internet access in lobby &amp; library/3rd floor.Things I didn't like:- I would have preferred wireless internet in the room (there is wired, but I did't have my dock with me). My wife is probably glad though!- We had a mouse in our room! Probably due to building work continuing on 2nd and 4th floors (we were on 5th). We were moved to 20th floor, and provided with some goodies - generally the situation was handled well by the supervisor. I would hope that this is not likely to be an issue when the work is complete.It speaks volumes for the hotel that my wife (who is very pernikety[!]) was happy to stay on in the hotel despite the mouse!If/when we go back, I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 8 2006	Great Hotel	The rooms were very comfortable, clean and fully equiped with everything we needed to make our stay comfortable. The evening free buffet was a suprise and the breakfast buffet was good. Location was safe and close to many major attractions. All the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The concierge gave us some good suggestions on where to eat.	
Mar 7 2006	Great everything	I had a great time in NYC. I loved the Residence inn. the staff was great, the location is great, and the roomes are nicely sized especially compared to everything else around. I had the 3 window room with king bed. The bath room was kind og small but you are only there to do one of 3 things, and you should have the door closed anyway :) They even let you store your suitcases AFTER you check out!!!! The location is excellent, nice quiet area, but walk 3 blocks and you are in times square. seems to alway be a cab waiting out front, if not someone working there will always fetch one for you. I can't say enough things and give it a better recommendation. I have included pics also.	
Feb 18 2006	Absolutely First Class! Book it if you can.	If you're reading this, then like me you are choosing your Hotel very carefully. I spent AGES looking at reviews, checking availability / prices etc, because I am very particular about where I stay - and am almost phobic about cleanliness!And now, having just returned from a 5 day stay I am delighted to be able to report that this Hotel is truly fabulous. Top marks for cleanliness, comfort, location, value, service, breakfast...and I was so RELIEVED when I saw my squeky clean light and airy room!All rooms are brand new mini suites with a well equipped kitchenette, includuing huge fridge freezer with ice maker, microwave, coffee maker etc and a black marble worktop / breakfast bar.PLUS a huge ultra thin plasma T.V., with tons of channels &amp; movies to choose from if you're holed up due to over 2ft of snow as I was! It was very cosy too, with an excellent highly responsive heating / air conditioning system.But above all else, the brand new HUGE BEDS ARE LIKE SLEEPING ON FLUFFY CLOUDS! Sumptuous luxury with ultra light quilts &amp; 8 pillows, deep comforters on the matress - and fabulous, ultra white eqyptian cotton bedding. I was in heaven!! I have never slept on such a comfortable bed as this.I actually looked forward to getting back to my room every day to enjoy it all. I had beers &amp; wine in the fridge, friends 'round to stay on the double sofa bed [spare linen already in room] and chose from a wide selection of take-out menus for the one or two nights in because it was such a pleasure. I also had an excellent view of the Empire State Building, all lit up Red, White &amp; Blue - and every morning enjoyed a full cooked breakfast in the excellent buffet breakfast room, adjacent to the trendy library and lounging areas. I didn't use the smart gym, but it looked great.My stay was faultless - even the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I cannot recommend this Hotel highly enough.Finally to add credit to my review, I rarely gush, but I have stayed in many Hotels of all standards around the World over the years - and this one rates as one of the best value considering it's high standards. Trust me and book this place if it is available, you will not be disappointed.	
Feb 16 2006	Great Place Great Location	This has to be the nicest Residence Inn I have ever stayed at. It is new - which helps. Great location being just a few blocks from Times Square, the Garden, 5th Ave. Only one block to the subway station. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.Hands down the most comforatble hotel bed I have ever slept on. In fact, we chose to go back to the room instead of wandering NYC one evening as the bed was so inviting.We did not have any complaints with the fridge being noisy as others have noted. Room is like a very compact studio - a kitchenette with fridge, coffee maker, dishwasher and sink. Bath is small, but I have seen worse. In room safe worked wonderfully.My husband declared the complimentary coffe in the breakfast room the best he ever had. It was always available.We were worried about the elevators as others have noted issues, but aside from one morning, we never had to wait long if at all. The conceirge was very helpful in directing us to good retaurants that were not touristy or spendy (for NY anyways!).One minor issue is free internet is not wireless in the rooms - so don't forget the cords.	
Feb 16 2006 	Loved the self catering facilities	We chose the Residence Inn in Manhattan because as a family we wanted to be able to save money by eating some meals in during our 10 day stay. With it's kitchen, including full sized refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher we were certainly able to do this. With a number of delis in the same block and a few trips to the Wholefoods Market in Union Square we were able to reheat and cook food easily, plus keep a steady supply of fruit and drinks available. The daily breakfast was a real bonus as was the supply of coffee, hot chocolate, newspapers and books to read in the third floor lounge area. My husband and I really enjoyed having this area to escape to for a bit of peace of a night while the kids were watching television. Rooms were a reasonable size for New York although when the sofa bed was folded out there is not a lot of room to move around. We requested a couple of extra chairs so that more than two people could sit comfortably at the table to eat, which was not a problem. As many people have already mentioned the staff and service in this hotel was exceptional. Every person we met was cheerful and genuine in their desire to assist us. We were also there when the fire alarm went off, but rather than seeing it as a problem we figured that it was just one of the teething problems of a new hotel. The benefits of a new hotel - crisp new bedding and towels, fresh smell, helpful staff, and plentiful food - far outweighed the one negative. We would definitely stay there again. Location and facilities were brilliant particulary if you are staying for more than a couple of days.	
Feb 11 2006	Who designed it?		
Feb 7 2006	Great Place		
Jan 27 2006	Excellent would definitely recommend		
Jan 25 2006 	New NYC Residence Inn a hit		
Jan 19 2006	Nice New Hotel with some bugs to work out		
Jan 19 2006	Great Hotel		
Jan 17 2006	The staff were wonderful		
Jan 17 2006 	Paper thin walls ------		
Jan 4 2006	Loved the Residence Inn		
Oct 5 2009 	très bien		
Sep 1 2009 	Turistico		
Jul 31 2009 	rapport qualité -emplacement -prix imbattable		
May 28 2009	zentrale Lage super Preis- Leistungsverhältnis		
Apr 15 2009 	Excelente		
Jan 15 2009 	Un gran aparthotel		
Jan 4 2009 	Excellent hotel		
Nov 29 2008 	Position centrale et hautes prestations		
Oct 21 2008 	Exceptionnel rapport qualité prix		
Oct 12 2008 	Sehr gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage		
Jul 20 2008 	Muy nuevo y bien situado		
Jun 27 2008 	Fantastico ubicacion servicio comodidad		
Apr 12 2008 	Tolles Hotel in genialer Lage		
Mar 27 2008 	vacanza perfetta		
Jan 29 2008 	Ottimo al centro di Manhattan		
Nov 16 2007	Par pitié n'y mangez pas !		
Feb 26 2007 	Grosse Zimmer amerikanische Reinigungsstandard und Wartezeiten		
