	Review of the fitzpatrick manhattan	After reading a few reviews on here I decided to share my opinion. This was my 2nd time staying at the fitzpatrick manhattan and the good remained good and the mediocre remained mediocre. The bad part of the stay was once again with the desk. While some of the agents were good It was the same girl giving us attitude on our first stay repeating it the second time. We were put in a regular room when we were suppose to have two beds in a suite and all she would say is that we would have to pay extra for it if I couldn't find my confirmation. I explained to her that I had forgotten it and she said there was nothing she could do. I had to speak to the reservation manager and explained to her that I had just booked 5 rooms with her and one of the rooms was suppose to be a 2 bed suite. In about a minute she said it was a mistake on the hotels end and she apologised and everything was fixed.We had started our trip on a bad note but that was the only problem we had.The positive note on our stay besides the brilliant rooms was the concierge Michael who booked us 3 shows and a few restaurants for us not including the loads of times he guided us to the right places. He made our stay excellent both times we were here and always did it with a smile. The bar staff were also great especially David who was always great. The new specials they have at The Fitz is lighter on the wallet. I will be back in a few months and hope to see the good stay good and the bad become good.	
	Great value and perfect location	I'm just back from a 5 night stay here. I don't usually write hotel reviews but I think this one really deserves a mention. Got a great value deal, was expecting a small room but had a huge one with 2 double beds for 2 people. Very little noise and nice and cool in the room. The staff were lovely and the location is perfect (5 mins walk from the subway at 59th street) Didn't use the restaurant (why would you when you're in New York?!) If you can get a good bargain here I don't think you could do much better.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location but that's it	This hotel was a disappointment from start to end. Our room was small and cramped and you could barely move in the bathroom. The rooms have been upgraded but you can literally see the layers of paint. The hotel was aware that there were three of us staying in the room but, despite many requests, they only supplied us with two of everything – very annoying when you ask for an extra set three days in a row and are ignored. The service was not good. From other reviews it seems that guests who have stayed in suites seem to fare better. We ate in the bar/restaurant a few times. It is dark, a bit 80s and full of tvs. Breakfast was a stodgy Irish fry up – not even a good one at that – and the meals were pretty average. We popped in there this year when staying elsewhere to have the Shepherd’s Pie (which was the only dish we liked) and I found a hair in my food – not great! The best point is the location on Lexington. However the Waldorf=Astoria, where we stayed this year, is an even better location and it is surprisingly cheaper than Fitzpatricks! This hotel is overpriced and underwhelming.	
Nov 9 2009 	Luxury Charm Hospitality and Location!	My wife and I booked the de Valera suite for our 25th wedding anniversary trip to NYC. Upon arrival we could tell we made a good choice as the staff was very welcoming and the suite was spectacular. The bedroom was wonderful, the bathroom was floor to ceiling Italian Marble and everything worked perfectly. We had a drink in the very lively Fitz Bar before heading out for dinner based on the recommendation of the staff. Bici, an upscale Italian bistro was excellent. Throughout the stay we utilized the staff for recommendations and reservations which they handled with ease, and were critical, especially for the very busy Sunday Brunch at Rue 57. The location of the Fitzpatrick Manhattan has got to be one of the best in Midtown. We walked everywhere as it is much faster than a taxi, as the traffic, even on weekends, is quite congested. If you’re in good shape (my wife and I are both 50) you can easily walk all the way to Macy’s (34th and 7th), the Theater District (we walked back to the hotel at midnight, after a show and dinner) and Bloomingdales, Trump Tower, Tiffany’s and The Plaza are just blocks away.For the same money as you’ll pay at other hotels that haven’t been renovated in ages, you can stay at the Fitzpatrick Manhattan and experience true luxury, charm and their signature Irish Hospitality. Highly recommended!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location and even better staff	On a recent holiday to NYC we decided to stay at the Fitzpatrick Manhattan - the hotel location on the corner of 57th and Lexington is hard to beat - shop weary partners can be dispatched to the uber trendy and buzzing hotel bar for a break allowing their other halves to escape to adjacent Bloomingdales or the many other nearby 5th Ave shopping meccas. We had a suite which was very spacious by New York hotel standards and was serviced several times daily - lovely bathroom, very comfortable king sized bed and a seperate sitting room and joy of joys windows which actually opened in all rooms!! (I'm not a fan of the US obsession with central air conditioning).Where this hotel really wins however is with its staff - they are without exception friendly, helpful and prepared to go that extra mile to make sure that your stay is memorable.We will be back!!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Thank You to the Fitzpatrick Staff	My daughter and I discovered the Fitzpatrick here on Trip Advisor. We had an incredible stay in Manhattan at the Fitzpatrick thanks to the kind, caring, thoughtful, friendly staff and management of the hotel. We decided to make a connection with all of the staff to try and make their days a little brighter and we found the staff going out of their way to make our stay in New York a memorable one. Merima got us wonderfully settled in and her enthusiasm, positive energy, greetings every day, and great suggestion for a place to have breakfast (Fresh and Co.) were much appreciated. Mike and Ray were incredibly helpful, friendly, professional and knowledgeable every day. Simon is a great young manager and is a joy to talk with. We didn't meet the owner but we sure appreciated the welcome messages and &quot;touches&quot; of friendliness that his hotel and staff portrayed.Thanks to one and all at the Fitzpatrick and we hope to see you again and we know that our family and friends will be visiting you as well.	
Sep 18 2009 	Adequate bland hotel in midtown	This hotel was fine -- I am rating it three stars because I found it to be extremely average. The location is pretty good -- East part of mid-town. Lexington is a pretty charmless street, but 3d and 2d Streets are nearby if you want to be in more of a neighborhood, and it's also within relatively close walking distances to 5th Avenue. As for the hotel itself, I had a one room suite, on the 8th floor, that I stayed in for four nights (price $399 per night not including tax).This was a perfectly decent business option. It is not a modern or stylish place. The furniture in the room was quite bland and charmless, but the suite was large (with a sleeping room and a separate livivng area, and tiny &quot;kitchenette&quot;). The kitchette had a fridge in it, and a coffee maker -- but nothing else (i.e., no microwave, utensils, plates). So if you want to use it as a mini-kitchen it's not equipped to do much. The room was clean when I arrived and continued to be cleaned well. It was equipped with everything you'd expect (nice toiletries, blowerdryer, iron, bathrobes). Toiletries were replenished, which I like. There was free access to a mid-range sports club down the street, which was a decent gym. No newspapers delivered to the room, although you could sometimes snag one in the lobby. The room had two flat screen TVs, both of which worked fine, and an ipod docking station.The lobby was very small (a couch along one wall was the main seating area) and smelled a bit musty. Not a place where you'd like to spend much time. The staff was average, not mean or rude, but not too warm and welcoming either. My only real complaint was with the restaurant. I've seldom had such poor service: (a) water not served, even though I requested it twice; (2) coffee served w/o cream; (c) oatmeal came without the raisins I ordered, and none came until I requested them twice. I only ate there once after this.	
Sep 10 2009 	i wont stay here again	I stayed here on part of my honeymoon in August '09 and we have stayed in a hotel as bad.When booking we requested a suite only to be told when we were checking in that all the suites were gone. We got a small poky room with 2 lights that were out of order. When we cam back later that evening our key cards would not work. The porter tried to blame us saying we had the cards near something magnetic. the following morning after complaining to the day manager we got moved to a bigger room - he offered us a suite for 1 night. Not much use when we had 3 more nights there. That evening when my wife was having a shower the towel she was using ripped almost in half as she dried herself. Then when she was drying her hair a fuse blew in the room and we were left in total darkness. We rang down to reception and the manager came up stinking of cigarette smoke and tried to blame us for the problem !THEN that same evening when we came back the lock on our door had completely jammed up. Another call to reception and the maintenance man came up to fix it.We complained quiet profusely at this stage and we got 2 drinks and breakfast vouchers.for what we paid to stay here it was no where near worth the money The 2 positives I would take form our stay were both the bell boys were excellent and the Breakfast was very nice in the bar !	
Aug 18 2009 	Very nice Great location	This was a nice hotel for Manhattan. The room was really clean and very quiet a big plus in NYC. Our room had a proper shower ( not just a shower in the tub ) which was really nice. I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Disappointing hotel but a great location	I booked this hotel for 2 nights as part of a treat for myself and my girlfriend as we were going to stay with friends for the rest of our trip. Being Irish we have all heard of Fiztpatricks. When I got the hotel, I was a bit surprised. It wasn't like I'd imagined it to be. After a long sign in procedure we went to our room. I went to the room and just felt disappointed. I thought we would have a spacious room but instead it was very very cramped. The bed itself was VERY comfortable but we both had to wear ear plugs as there appears to be no sound insulation. If someone knocked on a door nearby, it sounded like our door and you could hear people walking outside the room, never mind when the maid was cleaning. We had no view, just looked at a wall of the next building so we didnt have much natural light either. It just wasn't at all like I thought it would be. I found the staff quiet standoffish, 1 female staff member in particular seemed to have little interest in interacting with the guests. There was no Irish feel to their attitude. It tries hard to be an Irish hotel (almost a little over the top) with pictures of the president and a few other well known Irish people but it just didn't do too much for me. It looked a bit like the kind of place my parents might stay.We decided not to eat in the hotel as there are too many places nearby to try so I cannot comment on that. We paid alot for what we got, probably the worst value I have ever gotten from a hotel itself. What did save our stay though was the location. You are walking distance from many attractions which is fantastic as our friends live way uptown and we had gotten used to subwaying it everywhere so it was great to be able to walk to where we wanted to go and it is in a very nice part of town. I'm not too sorry I stayed but I would not stay again nor would I recommend it to a friend. There are better value hotels with better rooms. Sorry Fitzpatricks but I just felt disappointed.	
Aug 8 2009 	Margaret Farrelly knows good Hotels	I have stayed in both The Fitzpatrick, Grand Central and ManhattanThey are both truly great hotels, in a big city like New York it is so difficult to get that personal touchSean Fitzpatrick has more than managed this in both of his properties--they really caregreat locations--perfect restaurants--friendly staff and a personalised letter from him after you leave--are we in Dublin or New York-- I love it and will return! Booking is so easy with Deirdre from Sunway Travel--flights etc arranged with such ease--everything you aked for or could wish for is done!! After many mistakes this is my way to go to NY which I do several times a year to visit my daughter who works there!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Location actually clean and updated. Solid 'A'	We try to come to NYC once a year or so and stay at different hotels. (mostly boutiques) Thanks to TripAdvisor user photos we turned down the W's and decided on the Fitzpaterick Manhatten. It was close to the park, close to Rockefeller and close to all the stores. Arrival: I had forgotten to call for an early check-in until we were at baggage claim in Laguardia. I called from there, and the hotel rep was very nice and said they could accommodate our request. This hotel is easy for cabs to find and easy to catch a cab from the second you walk out the door. Check in was brief, pleasant and no problems whatsoever. Room: A LOT of hotels we have stayed in here claim to be updated and modern and most of them (just read TripAdvisor) seem to have corners cut, bugs here and there, dirt, mold etc. Let face it, NYC is old (for America) and you get a lot of old hotels that slap a coat of paint and/or a some new furniture and call it 'renovated.' I can honestly say this room was the cleanest room we've stayed in here. The bathroom, the bed, the furniture, all very nice, new and clean! No musty, dusty, moldy, or buggy experiences here. -- The amenities were good: Flat panel TV, ipod compatible clock radio, big closet, pants press mounted to the wall and nice furniture. The second set of 'black-out' drapes were awesome for sleeping. As far as room size, I would say it is bigger than your standard NYC boutique room, but smaller than the rooms in large old hotels. There is reasonably fast internet access available for $15/day. We had no problems with checkout.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent friendly central boutique style hotel	Excellent staff who were only too willing to help at any time. The room was fabelous, spacious and had only been recently upgraded to, in my view at leasr 4 star standard as was the rest of the hotel. The hotel is well located close to Bloomingdales and all the other major stores. Dont forget to get your discount cards from reception! The restaurant / bar were very warm and friendly, like being in your own lounge, with good food and service.	
Jul 25 2009 	Home away from Home	After a long trip from Australia we were greeted with friendly efficiency which continued through our ten day holiday. Our suite was clean and elegant, the beds comfortable, great amenities in room (loved fresh bottled water with turndown service), perfect location between the Museums, Central Park and the madness of Times Square and Boradway. Other hotels may have similar offerings but it is the staff at the Fitz that make it a home away from home. No matter what our request they responded immediately and it wasn't just the Irish staff that were fun and pleasant to deal with. Coming back to the Fitz after long days sightseeing was a highlight of our holiday.	
Jun 24 2009 	Very nice	We were originally booked at the Fitzpatrick Grand Central, which called to tell us they were oversold and would book us at their sister hotel with an upgrade to a suite. What we got was a (not &quot;the&quot;, as there are several of them) Presidential Suite, and it was very very nice- probably the nicest accommodations we'll ever be able to afford in New York. Staff was very attentive.	
Jun 5 2009 	most overrated hotel i ever stayed in	as for $85 for a dressing gown i wouldnt have taken it if it was free. no maid service in 4days. a/c broken on cold. dirty and stained upholstry and carpets.wont be rushing back!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent NYC Stay	We recently stayed here for one night and found the accommodations excellent. Our room was very spacious and clean and had 2 flat screen tvs. It's very near Central Park in a decent area and it has a great restaurant and bar downstairs.	
May 14 2009 	We'll be back!	We had a great experience from the minute we walked through the hotel doors through the time we left four days later (at 5am in the morning). The staff was very accommodating. We arrived in a rental car and were able to park the car in front of the hotel while we checked in. That was a big relief considering we never would have found a parking spot along the street otherwise. We arrived before the official check-in time so our suite wasn't quite ready. They set us up in the lounge area with free drink coupons. Our room was ready before we finished our drink. The room was very clean, spacious and quiet. The bed and pillows were incredibly soft and comfortable. They quickly catered to our needs when we requested wine glasses, a cork screw and plates to be brought up to our room. The French toiletries were also wonderful. I loved the olive soap. We'll definitely stay there again (plus it's located within walking distance of just about everything we wanted to do).	
May 6 2009 	Perfect Stay	Great Hotel, nice rooms. Staff are friendly. Hotel bar &amp; restaurant were very nice. Will definately return.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location decent value rooms; too bad the service is horrible.	In brief: After prepaying for the room and confirming our reservation by phone only 2 hours prior to arrival, we were told that there was no room available. There were no pleasantries offered such as &quot;Welcome, how was your trip?&quot; and &quot;There seems to be a problem, let me discuss it with my manager so that we can find a solution&quot; but rather &quot;Name&quot; and then &quot;We will have to book into another hotel since we have no rooms for you&quot;. Of course we did not accept that solution and miraculously they found a room for us. The rooms were quite nice, other than dust, a broken lamp and an incredibly uncomfortable and broken sofa bed - it was fine. The morning of our departure, there was a terrible flood in the lobby with tiny pots everywhere to collect the water dripping from the ceiling. During the check out process, the staff was again a bit rude. I would not recommend this hotel for your trip to NYC. You can do better in midtown.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great find in NYC!	Great location. Very helpful and polite staff. They very graciously helped us with our late night check-in. Rooms are clean, functional, and well-appointed. Rooms included a quality blow dryer (not the usual hotel kind), mini fridge (very useful), separate sink/bar, and bathrobe. Basically, the place had a lot of room amenities you would not expect from a NYC hotel. Didn't get the chance to dine at the restaurant, but the food looked smelled delicious.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great stay lovely hotel convenient location	We stayed here over the Easter weekend. The room was very comfortable, the staff were all very helpful and friendly, the location was very convenient for walking to many places, it's also very close to the subway.	
Apr 12 2009 	Perfect location	Location could not be better - the real bonus of this hotel. A few blocks to subway, walking distance of 5th Ave, Central park, Macys etc. Refurbished rooms very nice, although the view from ours was not great. Staff very attentive and polite though the lady who checked us out Saturday let the side down. She was snotty, rude and mannerless. All the other staff though made up for her, particularly the doormen and concierge who could not have been more accommodating.All in all a great hotel. Will return.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent Choice for NYC	Excellent Choice. A very nice small hotel on Lexington near 57th st. Close to Shopping, Museums and 2 street blocks from a Subway station at 59th &amp; Lexington. The Rooms were very clean and the staff was friendly. We had a Bedroom Suite which had 2 rooms and 2 flat screen televisions which was perfect for traveling with Teenagers. The cost of the 5 nights was less than staying at the large chain hotels in Times square and we had a lot more space! Only ate at the restaurant once but had the Irish Breakfast and it was excellent and recommended. Would definitely stay here again on future trips to NYC.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great location great hotel	My sister and I stayed here for a long week-end, sans husbands and children. We wanted to do some shopping, sightseeing and visit museum mile. The hotel was ideally placed for all of this and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff are helpful and don't make you feel as if you must tip them everytime they smile at you. The restaurant does a great breakfast and is nice for an evening when you are too tired after a day of shopping to venture out. The room are comfortable and of a reaonable size.	
Mar 4 2009 	Perfect for Xmas Shopping	Although the £ wasn't so strong we got a great deal in NYC with this hotel and continental airways.The Hotel is easy to find and although the reception is small it is intimate. Nice bar and small restaurant.Most of the staff are irish which makes you feel welcome and the room shave just been refurbished. Rooms are compact but well appointed with contemporary furnishings.Lovely walkinshowers.Very handy for bloomingdales the staff also have gift certificates for the store.A pleasant stay!	
Feb 26 2009 	Fantastic Fitzpatricks Hotel manhattan	This has got to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. First time in New york and I think I picked the best hotel there. The staff were so nice and friendly. The room was perfect. We had a king suite. Plenty of room. The suite had a very large tv in the sittingroom and a smaller tv in the bedroom. Quite a bit of street noise but we did not mind. It just added to the New York experience. There are other rooms available on request. These have no street view but are very quiet. The bed was so comfortable. Perfect location on 57th St and Lexington Ave. Great shopping area. Underground only 2 blocks walk from hotel. I am very fussy about my hotels and this was even better than I thought it would be. The perfect hotel in the perfect city.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great hotel for NYC!	We celebrated the week of our 20th wedding anniversary in NYC. The Fitzpatrick Manhattan hotel was truly accomodating in helping us to make the time in the city as comfortable as possible. From the time we walked in the staff was there to cater to our wishes and help us to have a wonderful experience. I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Hotel and location	It was my first time in NYC in 7 years and I was quite unsure where to stay. A friend reccommended the hotel and I am thankful to him for that. In short- the staff are helpful, the rooms are nice and the locations is BRILLIANT. All the shops and shows are only minutes walk from your door and the subway is only two blocks away.	
Jan 7 2009 	Nice Hotel - Friendly People	I Stayed at the Fitzpatrick for 4 nights and it was a very friendly hotel and a great location. I was traveling around a bit and it was not far from the subway. Carol in the bar was great and made me feel at home. The room was a descent size and very comfortable. I would definately go back to the Fitzpatrick given the choice and if I were staying elsewhere I would definately pop my head in the bar to see Carol!	
Jan 1 2009 	my new favorite NYC hotel	My wife and I recently spent 5 days at the Fitzpatrick based on our travel agent's recomendation. We usually stay nearer to Times Square but I had business meetings to attend on the upper east side and the subway local #6 station is on Lexington Avenue only 3 blocks from the hotel. We got a king suite for about the same price as we usually pay for a nice king room near Times Square. The room was very spacious, clean, and nicely appointed. We were on the 16th floor facing Lexington Ave and my only complaint was street noise. When I go back, I may ask for a rear facing room. Service was good and the adjoining restaurant was a pleasant surprise. The location was perfect; easy subway access, in the middle of great shopping and still close enough to the theater district to walk. Overall, it was a very good experience.	
Dec 9 2008 	Best Address in Town	I was a little bit cautious with some of the reviews on site, it was a workmate who said I couldnt go wrong - we had late arrival and I have to say the staff were lovely, booked standard room it had everything - even if the TV was positioned at a very odd hard to see angle and I have to say the bathroom was tiny - but with one of the best showers I've seen in any hotel. The huge factor in this hotel is that you are simply in the heart of everything- a short walk about 10 mins takes you the corner of 5th Ave to Tiffanys- Central Park is about 15 mins walk - and its just beside Bloomingdales Department store if you can afford it. Didnt partake of the breakfast in the hotel mainly because it was like taking breakfast in any Irish Hotel, went to the local diners very cheap, great athmosphere. Metro nearby to take you to Ground Zero and Wall St , althought only used the bar once while there and there was in fairness a great athmosphere in it, the reception staff were fantastic - including the bell captian , we were particulary grateful to them for arranging a car to JFK on the return as it was the Eve of Thanksgiving and none of the yellow cabs wanted to go to JFKGreat City - Great Hotel!	
Dec 8 2008	Highly recommend Irish breakfast	Highly recommend the Irish or American breakfast at the Fitzpatrick. Beautiful cafe with excellent service. Excellent food, great tea. Wonderful experience.	
Nov 18 2008	Tiny Tiny Rooms	Location great..Rooms tiny &amp; to be honest hotel well over rated!!	
Nov 17 2008 	the best	What can i say about fitzpatricks, it is class, class, class. Excellent staff. Concierge Geraldine couldn't have been nicer. Without her our stay in new york wouldn't have been so good, she recommended great bars and restaurants. Bar staff were very friendly and you felt like staying there all night, cosmopolitans were fantastic. we were upgraded to a suite and it was a real treat, rooms were clean and housekeeping never called too early to annoy your sleep in. Next time i go back i'll be staying here, it is a little bit more expensive but well worth it.	
Nov 11 2008 	high price to pay	rooms clean but very small for the price we had to pay.booked online ended up paying much more than was quoted.even got charged $42 for 2 people for a small breakfastwe wont be going back	
Nov 11 2008 	Can recommend the cosmopolitans	Just back from 4 nights in Fitzpatricks...been to NYC 5 times and each time had booked a standard room in one of the usual suspects. This time, with relatives, paid a bit more for a 2 room suite (to sleep 3). I couldn't recommend Fitzpatrick's enough - comfy beds, great staff, lovely food and drinks, helpful and a real home away from home. Never again will I stay somewhere else	
Oct 16 2008 	Recommend Fitzpatrick Manhattan	This was our first stay in a Fitzpatrick hotel in New York and hopefully will be the first of many. All staff were friendly and we were very looked after by all. Reception staff were most welcoming and very friendly at all times. Concierge was most helpful and obliging. Housekeeping staff are to be commended. We were upgraded to a suite and enjoyed the luxury. Toiletries were excellent and were replaced whenever required. Great tea/coffee making facilities. Would definitely recommend the turn-down service -one of the best in any hotel. Will definitely stay here again on any return to New York.	
Oct 10 2008	Great Stay	Every year we come and stay at the Fitzpatrick and it was a great stay once again! They just finished the renovations and while we miss the bar the new lobby looks fab!We stayed for 4 nights and we are always treated great whenever we come and stay here from David and Mike who are always willing to help us whenever we needed it. Cant wait to come back next year!	
Sep 16 2008	Relaxation in Manhattan	Great location for walking or public transport. Midtown East. Personable staff, several languages spoken. Very comfortable room for 3 -- separate bedroom with sofabed. My teenager said it was the best sofabed she has ever slept on. Rates on various internet sites were quite high, but AAA website gave us a good rate. Hotel staff said we could probably have gotten the same or better rate just by calling the hotel directly. We slept well here. We were at the back of the hotel, so fairly quiet. Nice touches, such as turning down the beds in the evening. The restaurant, The Fitz, serves good food and all the UK favorites, but, as with most hotel restaurants, higher prices than a diner. Continental breakfast is included. Internet access is an additional fee. There was construction on the lobby at the time, but there was never a bother with noise or inconvenience.	
Sep 14 2008 	Repeat visitor	Just back from our 6th stay at Fitzpatrick's. Reception area under renovation so willing to give them the benefit of the doubt regarding service at reception. Great location to stay with many attractions and shops within walking distance. Must admit new bar has lost all the charm and charter of previous visits despite all the efforts of Carol and the rest of the bar staff. NO ATMOSPHERE unlike previous visits. Drink prices at the bar have increased since our last visit and can be even dearer if you don't buy directly at the bar yourself. However, rooms and room service excellent. We discovered a few new gems on our last visit. Dinner at the Harbour Lights restaurant at SeaPort overlooking Manhattan and Brooklyn bridges (ask for Helen from Ballyhaunis). If your in to pizzas then Lombardis on Bleeker Street, Soho where you cannot book or pay using credit cards but well worth the queue.If outlet shopping is your thing (teenager and Hollister) then visit Staten Island mall. Get the free ferry across and a local bus. On your return there is a direct bus from the main bus station to Manhattan 57th Street (X31/X51)	
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent choice	Excellent location, clean, quite, intimate atmosphere, nice Irish touch, suuuper comfy bed...	
Jul 19 2008 	Quiet clean modern and helpfull	The Fitzpatrick Hotel is in a great location, a short distance from Broadway, Central Park and the museum district. The rooms are spaceous, modern, quiet and amazingly airy and comfortable (best nights sleep we had in weeks). The staff arranged for us to have an early check-in because our flight arrived at 8am and allowed us a late check-out at no extra cost. This was the best city hotel we have stayed in.	
Jul 6 2008 	enjoyed our stay	We were very pleased with this hotel. We had a suite, which worked out perfectly since we were travelling with our three children. The room was clean and new (great) but there was a lot of street noise (not so great). The location is good, within easy walking distance to Rockefeller Plaza and Central Park.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great location	We stayed (2 girls) at the fitzpatrick in March 2008 for 9 days, great location close to everything felt very safe coming and going from this hotel, had seen post about poor breakfast we didn't find this at all, the pancakes were to die for mmm. only had one evening meal which was good also. staff were very helpfull at all times.	
Jun 6 2008 	Excellent Stay	This was the first time we came to New York and our stay at the Fitzpatrick couldn't have been better! Our travel agent booked our car from the hotel and the service was excellent! We arrived around noonish to the hotel and was assisted by Mike the bell captain who for the rest of our stay assisted us with all our questions and got us Broadway tickets at a very cheap price! He was really kind and funny with the kids. The room was a suite and it was nearly perfect. The one flaw of the room was the AC was not working and it was really hot the day we arrived. The house lady did a great job with the room as well.There are so many stores near the hotel. We bought so many things from the Apple Store and Central Park is about 10 minutes from the hotel. There are great restaurants around the hotel as well. We ate at the Palace Restaurant and they have an excellent breakfast at a great price! I would defenetly stay at the Fitzpatrick again and just to let you all know who reads this they are going to stay renovations very soon in the lobby.	
May 25 2008 	Great location good rooms	Stayed here over Christmas 2007. The location is really good, just a few blocks from Central Park and the posh shops on 5th Avenue. Our rooms were fine, clean and well appointed. They had recently refurbished the bar...the bartender was a bit of a plastic paddy though.One tip: if you're staying over Christmas, don't have dinner on Christams day....way too expensive ($80) for what you get.	
May 7 2008 	fantastic stay	My wife and I have just returned from a three night stay at the fitzpatrick Manahattan and cannot speak highly enough about this hotel. I booked the hotel on fitzpatricks toll free number and was greeted by a very friendly lady who gave me lots of information about the hotel and its facilities. The ocassion for my visit to NY was our tenth wedding aniversary and the hotel pulled out all the stops to may us fell welcome. We were upgraded to a suite which was beautiful, antique furniture, plasma screens, lush carpets, a very comfortable bed and a marble bathroom. The real joy of the Fitzpatrick Manhattan is the staff, they are very well trained and make you feel very welcome. The location of the hotel is very central, just a few blocks from the crysler building and st patricks catheral. NY is such a fast and busy city however the fitzpatrick is an oasis of calm in a desert of chaos. I shall not be looking for another hotel when I return to NY.Ray ReidyGalwayIreland	
Apr 30 2008	Nice Stay	First time stay at the fitzpatrick and it was a good experience. Check in was quick and pleasant and they gave us a upgrade just for the asking. We had a suite which was perfect because my party had 3 people. The room was fairly large for NY standards, conservative decor which we were ok with. The King size bed was very comfortable, however it was a short matress so our feet hung over. The air conditioning worked well in our room also. The bathroom was small but it was a very nice brown marble and the shower had very good water pressure. The front desk was very receptive to our needs and were easy to deal with. We did have a strange experience though, we asked the front desk to have our beds turned down and they said we were on the list for that service and when we got back to our room only the sleeper coach was touched. Very strange. Overall, we were very happy with our experience and I would recommend this place for a fairly nice inexpensive suite by NY standards.	
Apr 22 2008 	Strongly recommend	Great location, great staff and okay rooms. Stayed here for just 2 nights before we went to Boston for St Patricks - hotel in Boston not a patch on this one and was more expensive!! Room not great but okay for NY - how long will you be in your room! Will be coming back to NYC in 2008 and will be staying at Fitzpatricks!	
Apr 16 2008 	not one of my best stays here	I ususally bring the family twice a year for the past 3 years to the Fitzpatrick Manhatan.Things have changed quite a bit from the last time I stayed. They are undergoing renovations in the hotel. It looks promising but some aspects of the hotel has changed.The ReviewThe service at the restarant was not as good as it use to be. The waitresses are pretty much new. The one waitress we had seemed annoyed with us or she could have been having a bad day..... The staff has changed a lot too....and not for the good. Besides the usual high standard of service from Carol at the bar who can keep a night interesting, Mike from the bellstand who is always up to talking and helping us with anything we need or want whenever we come, and Jamal who always makes sure that everything is going good with our stay Everyone else seemed to be giving the cold shoulder in general. The front desk needs to get their act together because II was told one thng by one person and the next day I was told the complete opposite by another person. The room was great. Of course the bed is the best feature in the room. TVs are a great upgrade too. I will be staying again at Manhatan but I really do hope the staff gets better.	
Apr 3 2008 	Not great at all	While the location is fine , if you go expecting the same standard as the Fitzpatrick Hotel in Dublin , you will be very disappointed.We had a number of silly problems in our room like faulty heater , nosiy air con which prevented us sleeping.The lifts need a major overhaul as they are noisy in the extreme and can be heard from most rooms in the hotel. The bar area looks fine in the brouchure but it caters for a young crowd , playing loud music with people shouting to be heard . Not good as a spot to relax. Again its basic.Staff were a mixed bunch . Some very friendly others cold and awkward to deal .This was our first time in Big Apple , when we go back , I don't think we will be staying in the Grand Central unless there is some major renovations carried out.	
Mar 10 2008 	great location	great location, staff were very friendly and always eager to help.we stayed in a junior suite (3 people). this incorparated one dbl bed, which i was told was the best sleep my friends have had. i got the fold out bed in the living area, not the comfiest but after being on the feet all day shopping, i slept great.the hotel is in a great location for shopping, restaurants etcsmall negitive was-There was some refurbishment going on in the bar and restaurant area so we ended up avoiding the bar, would have been nice to have somewhere to relax after some shooping ect.	
Feb 25 2008	New York Boys Tour	New York in Feb is cold but the ambience of the Fizpatrick Manhattan warms you up. From the warm, unassuming welcome we knew we were on a winner. The foyer is pleasant and compact. The bar/resturant area is tastefully set out providing comfortable dining and drinking facilities. As two boys on shopping trip for the ladies we were treated to a change of room on day two to a huge twin room with double beds. The room and bathroom were first class. Staff were excellent and very welcoming. Bar staff exceptionally so too providing all the Soccer/football we wanted. Location of Hotel is first rate and proximity of tourist sites makes walking or subway travel easy.We will be back, with the women though.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Base for a Tourist	My wife and I stayed here 11-14/02/2008 for a combined birthday/Valentines day break. We had stayed in the sister hotel, Fitzpatrick's Grand Central,2 years ago but couldn't get booked in there this time. We arrived mid afternoon and the helpful front of house staff soon had us checked in and dispatched to our 12th floor room. Minor disappointment as the room was to the rear of the hotel rather than to the front as we had requested on our booking some months before. But the room was nice and warm with the air con already blowing warm air- welcome as it was about -5c outside. The hotel is a lot smaller than a lot of NYC hotels, one reason why we choose it. The room had all the basic requirements- coffee maker, foc safe and a lovely big soft bed, upholstered to give a 4 poster feel. Not the biggest room and slightly smaller than the one we had in the sister hotel but plenty big for us. En-suite bathroom/shower + built-in wardrobe gave us ample space. There was a flat screen TV, but with v poor reception but we never used it much anyway. After storing our stuff we had a quick drink in the hotel bar, `Fitzers`. Apparently it has been recently refurbished but we felt it was a bit dull and lifeless. The main reason we choose this hotel was its location. At the uptown end of Lexington Avenue, an awful lot of real estate was within easy walking distance- 10 minutes to Central Park, Rockefeller Centre; about 30 minutes to Broadway/Times Square etc. And it is very to walk around and not get lost- the whole area is laid out in a big grid, all well signposted. In all our time there we never had to use a taxi or the subway. We prebooked a Grays Uptown and Downtown Loop bus tour to get round the city,which has hop on/off stops at about 45 major tourist sites the length of Manhattan.We didn't eat in the hotel at all- no atmosphere, as stated and overpriced. For breakfast each morning we went round the corner onto East 56th Street to `Madelines` Diner and had very nice breakfast rolls (eggs- over easy + bacon/sausage) coffee and orange all for an excellent price and the staff were as friendly as you could get anywhere. Other places we ate were Outback - an Australian themed steakhouse on 3rd Avenue (about 10 minutes away). OK food at a reasonable price. Also `Bubbagumps` on Broadway/Times Square- some critics label this place a tourist trap but we have been here twice and loved it - Forest Gump themed restaurant specializing mostly on shrimp dishes with great 1st floor views over Times Square. Very friendly and good craic - and you most probably will be tourists so why not! Another nice place was `PJ Carneys` bar on East 56th Street, on the other side of Lexington Ave from Madeline`s. A wee Irish bar with mostly Irish staff. Lovely cold beers and they were doing an afternoon/evening special of a pint and a burger or wings for $9.95- about £5.10 when we were there. You could hardly get value like that at home and this was in the heart of NYC! Don't forget to tip, at those prices!!In summary, the hotel may not be the most exciting or the cheapest place to stay in NYC and but it is reliable and has a wonderful location for touring about.	
Feb 15 2008 	Holiday in New York	We stayed here for 4 night in April 2006 as part of our holiday. Fantastic hotel. Staff very friendly. The rooms were spacious enough. The location is great also.....	
Feb 13 2008	great family hotel	We decided to go with the Fitzpatrick Hotel after hearing good things from my cousin who stayed there last summer. I brought my family for the first time to NYC and the service was top notch ( Especially with the Euro!)We checked in for 5 nights from monday and checked out on Friday. We cehcked in at about 12 noon and the room was not ready so we stored our bags with the bellman Mike who was always there to help us throughout our stay and was great in giving us directions especially with the underground.The location is GREAT! So many stores near the hotel like Bloomingdales. Next to two underground lines which take you anywhere you need to go. I recommend learning to use the subway its much quicker to get around when there is traffic. If you want some good food you can go to Smith and Wollensky for steaks and Bice for Italian even though it is quite expensive but food was top notch.The room was big and was very confortable.At night I went to the bar and Carol at the bar was great.Only snag I would say was when we called down to the front desk to get help with the safe. We called down once and they said they would send someone up and nobody came so we called down again and the lady at the front desk seemed to get annoyed by us calling again ( We had some important documents that needed to be locked) but that was over and done with.Once again it was a great hotel to stay in and everyone is friendly and always willing to help.	
Feb 8 2008 	Brillant Hotel - great location	We had our Christmas party last year in New York and stayed in the Fitzpatrick on Lexington Ave.You can't get better for location - bloomingdales is 2 blocks up and 5th avenue is not even 5 mins walk away. (For the girls ** New Yorks best Nail bar is around the cornor too ;-) Had a suite room - which was small but perfectly formed. Fab power shower and soft robes which was the perfect cure to a hard days shopping. The staff are all long term and most seemed to be Irish. They were all very helpful and nothing seemed too much - even when we were checking out but not flying out till late that night. They held our bags and ordered us a mini-bus for no extra charge.The bar is new and quite modern (not sure if its in keeping with the rest of the hotel decor which is quite old-world) but I heard the rest of the hotel is getting re-done so maybe its all part of it.The food in the bar is really good and quite reasonable and as for NYC its better than ever!	
Feb 4 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location and very friendly staff	Great Hotel.. Very friendly staff and were very accomodating to all visitors.. Room was lovely and clean.. Great location to central park, fifth avenue and all the shops.. Bar was good fun at night and the Bar Staff made us feel very welcome.. Overall we had a great stay at this hotel and will definately return again soon..	
Jan 21 2008 	Loved it!	I would defo return to this hotel. We stayed for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. It has the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in! The rooms was a good size, had a walk in small wardrobe, small bathroom, with a great shower, a small room just in the door with tea/coffee making facilities and a small fridge.The staff were very friendly and helpfulSmall menu but the food was nice and breakfast was good and not overpriced.	
Jan 16 2008 	just love fitzpatricks	i stay here at least once a year on annual shopping trips. it always feels like a home from home. service is excellant, rooms lovely with the most comfortable beds in the world! very convenient for bloomingdales and 5th avenue shoppong. good irish breakfast every morning.	
Jan 12 2008 	Mixed feelings about this place	Having read the reviews I must be the only Irish person not to love this place!!During out stay last August the restaurant was under renovations - could live with this, no reduction in price of food despite having to eat it in tiny bar.Rooms were absolutely tiny and very noisy, bed not comfortable at all.Service excellent although we arrived at 10pm and room still not ready for us.Stayed for 2 nights before moving onto W Times Square which was more our scene - really modern. Had 2 great nights in the Bar in the Fitzpatrick but it was just like being out at home and we wanted something more New York style!Overall felt the place was over rated for what we paid.	
Jan 5 2008 	A Home Away From Home "Wicklow Family"	Fitzpatrick is a real home away from home. My wife myself and 2 daughters stayed at this hotel for 8 nights in june 07.It was fantastic so much so we are going back in February. The rooms are excellent clean and have everything you need. The staff are so friendly and helpful the minute you walk in the door you feel welcome.The bar is warm and friendly a mix of visitors and locals that make you feel welcome to there bar( and i did spot a few famous faces in for a drink ).The location is perfect for all the sites of New York, Central park is just 5 min away and subway is about 2 min. The food in the hotel is excellent as well,the Cod Goujons are to die for, the breakfast is just like your mother used to make.We had a great time here,we have stayed in few hotels around the world and this is top of our list. The price was good and value for money i have read other review's about this hotel saying it was to pricey but you get what you pay in Fitzpatricks, After all our President stays here when she visiting NY. If it is good enough for her it is good enough for me. I would say to anyone going to visit NY stay here it Safe, Friendly,Well Loacted, Value for money.Many of friends have stayed here and say the same, As i said it is a HOME AWAY FROM HOME.	
Jan 4 2008	fantastic beds shame about the traffic noise	Stayed from the 24th November for 5 nights booked a suite for 2 adults and 2 children very comfortable our bedroom had 2 double beds sooo comfortable.The staff were extremely helpful and the cleaning lady would never take the tip I left her, without me leaving a note.Each day when we came back to our room my daughters toy monkey used to be propped up in different poses on her pillow I thought what a lovely touch.Rooms spotless my only problem was the draughty windows if only they would double glaze the windows it would more than half the traffic noise and keep away the draughts from under the curtains.We loved New York and will return, maybe to a different hotel.I thought it was a bit too expensive 3,400 dollars with no breakfast!Though we really enjoyed our stay.For a change I would try some place different but I most certainly will be back sometime in the future.........................	
Dec 16 2007 	Towel S	As worldwide hotels go, this is a just above mediocre establishment. However, as US hotels go, I would say it is quite a good hotel.Friendly, though not overly efficient staff, reasonable sized bedrooms, nice bar and good food.	
Nov 22 2007 	great hotel fabulous location	Having read the reviews on this site I was a little concerned about what was waiting for us, I had booked the holiday for me and my partner and another couple. The minute we arrived and were greeted at reception I knew it was going to be ok. The rooms are lovely, old fashioned and comfortable. Very relaxing and quiet for its location. Had breakfast on our last morning in Fitzers bar, no complaints full Irish can't go wrong really!! The bar is currenlty undergoing renovations and looks dark and small at the moment. Its not fully opened yet, renovations are due to finish shortly. Should be nice once its finished. Overall the location is fantastic 57th and Lex, walking distance from everywhere. Would recommend, worth the price.	
Nov 19 2007 	Once again a great stay at the Fitzpatrick	I brought the family for a vacation in October. Ive been here on my own before for business and it was the first time I bring everyone with me to NY. I was greeted straightaway by the bell captain Mike who throughout our stay was there to guide us with whatever we needed.The elevator was a tad slow and we took the stairs down a few stories which was no problem at all ( Even though the stairs could be more cleaner, we had to jump over a few garbage bags.). The bar is pricey but its not everyday you are in new york. We ate only once in the restaurant, and while the food is good its not worth all the extra add ons to the bill gratuity tax etc. We went to a different restaurant daily, and Smith and Wolensky is great for steaks but go hungry! The house ladies cleaned the rooms great, even though they forgot to give us a turndown service for one of the nights, and I called down to the lobby. I told them to not bother because its late but just wanted to let them know that it was not done. But, overall the staff was the best. David helped us out with good advice in what to do in the city, as well as Mike who is a great asset to the hotel and was really kind with the children. There was times that our stay could have been mediocre, but the good outweighs the bad greatly, and its worth the price we put for the suite for 5 nights. CAnt wait to bring the family back next year.	
Oct 31 2007 	ScaryNasty and Never Again	All I can say is don't waste your time staying here. The Management is poor quality especially when they are yelling at the staff in front of hotel guests. The elevator is always breaking down and they expect you to climb up and down the stairs to your room and that is an experience in itsfelf. The stairs are cluttered with Bags and Bags of trash, dirty linen and trays. Even the halls were cluttered with bags of dirty &amp; clean linen and it makes me wonder if my bed was changed with what? The staff is in such fear of making a decision and every request was given the answer of &quot;LET ME ASK MY MANAGER&quot; and you have to wait and wait.The rooms are different. Some remodled and some that look like Motel 6.My only good thing to say was Housekeeping staff was pleasant and the housekeeping Manager he was great and he took care of our needs without question and as busy as he was I am suprised. The maid was great and we never had to ask for a thing so it makes me wonder why everyone else was so scary.My plans to stay elsewhere is a no brainer.	
Oct 30 2007 	Average to say the least ....	To be honest I had heard that this was a nice hotel, but when we got there I have to say that it was very average!!The rooms were smallish and I don't like the set up with the bar.For the price I think we could of found better.Still, it does have a good location.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great location hotel ok	We booked this through Lastminute.com a couple of weeks ago as a birthday treat for us both as it sold itself as a 4* boutique hotel..also, I knew that it is in a fantastic location close to Bloomingdales and a short walk to subway stations, 5th &amp; Madison Avenues and Central Park. When we checked in, the lobby &amp; restaurant were undergoing refurbishment, which we weren't warned about, however there was a big notice to say that for the inconvenience, a complimentary continental breakfast would be available in the bar. The next morning, we tried it to find that there was a pile of pre-wrapped croissants (no butter or preserves), and a bowl of fruit, as well as only one juice, and tea &amp; coffee- hardly a complete breakfast, and it appeared that the hotel was paying lip-service to it. If you are going to inconvenience customers, make a proper effort! The room, although not particularly big, was clean, decorated nicely with a fantastically comfortable bed. However, be careful as the games, CD library &amp; films on the TV can cost $9 per hour! The bathroom was immaculate, with free toiletries but only one robe (odd as there were two of us), and the staff, especially Dave the barman, and Mike the porter were really friendly &amp; helpful.All in all, not a bad hotel- excellent location &amp; clean. However having stayed in other hotels in the States, I was disappointed in its fundamental qualities, and in my opinion should be rated as 3*. 4* hotels generally have a decent breakfast, service lifts for the staff to use instead of them using the guest ones, and a bar which isn't an Irish themed pub. If the little tweaks were perfected, it would be excellent, at the moment, it's just OK. But I may think about staying here again.....	
Oct 6 2007 	Dont waste you money on this hotel	For a start this hotel is completly overprice from the room down to the bar. The rooms are dark with little light and only a view of a brick wall from you window, the food wasnt great, the evalvator was out of order, It has virtually no facilities you could almost fit the bar in your pocket and it is the only facilityin the place. I would strongly recommend you to spend your money on a more worthy hotel in new york city.	
Oct 2 2007 	Best hotel ever	We loved Fitzpatrick Manhattan. The staff were wonderful especially the bartender Carol... she is great, every bar should have a member of staff like her.We will definately go back!!	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Deal	Two friends and I just stayed three nights at the Fitzpatrick Manhattan for a girls' weekend. We had a very nice two-room suite with a living room and bedroom. The living room had a pull out sofa bed that was comfortable but still a pull out sofa bed. The bedroom had a extra plush, super comfy queen size bed that was very luxurious. We all took turns sleeping one night on the sofa bed. We also each had a nice fluffy bathrobe and every night when we came back from shopping our beds were made up and there were three nice bottles of spring water and chocolates waiting for us. Overall we were all impressed with the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the location is great. My only complaint is that the hotel does smell of cigarette smoke, so if you're sensitive to that you might not like it.	
Sep 30 2007 	behind closed doors....	.....a secret awaits you in this very comfortable and friendly hotel. Ok so you don't get a room with a view but who needs one, your in New York for goodness sake. Nor is this hotel modren, its comfortable ( bit like staying in your grannies and I mean that in the nicest way ).Our room was great, softest bed we've ever slept in,room was a great size (big enough to store our shopping,well a girls got to shop eh! ) with tastfull furniture ,indulging smellies in the bathroom and the staff were very friendly and helpfull. After walking your legs off in NY, it's really lovely to walk into Fitzpatricks hotel knowing that you have a great room to relax in or have a quiet drink in the bar without hassle. The breakfast is very pricey but hearty in the hotel so maybe opt to eat out.............we ate here on a Sunday morning only because the city's local diners were closed. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in NY. Can't wait to return.	
Aug 22 2007	just OK	I wasn't thrilled with the Fitzpatrick, but it was a decent hotel.Some of the good things about it:~very comfy beds~rooms and bathrooms were classy~wonderful shower!Some of the bad things about it:~the rooms and bathrooms were incredibly cramped~they are undergoing renovation and the elevator is slow and always crowded~there is no bathroom in the lobby; instead they give you a key to a vacant hotel room on the 2nd floor~front desk service varies; there seems to be a problem with task management/organization.~no gym or pool~I expected a better complimentary breakfast - here it was assortment of fruits + packaged pastries - from a hotel of this caliber. In spite of these problems, it is a good location, and the rooms are quality. Everything was very clean.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great comfy base to explore NYC	This is a brilliant hotel, attentive staff, handy bar for a nightcap and great bar food. Although currently undergoing renovations this didn't spoil our stay, we got a great sized room and bathroom. It's a great hotel to explore NY from, walking distance of Bloomingdales or the subway to explore uptown or downtown. Great restauants nearby, Smith and Wollensky do a great steak!	
Jul 11 2007 	Fantastic location great hotel	My fiancee and I stayed in this hotel for a four night break and we could not recommend it enough. It is a great place to stay for comfort, location and overall experience. The room, a deluxe queen, was larger than i expected, and included a walk in wardrobe, which contained a safe, an ironing board and iron, hangers and extra pillows. The bathroom was a decent enough size and was very clean, however, the bath was the oddest shape and very low to the ground, useful only for the shower! The staff were very friendly and the hotel had a pleasant atmosphere, and was surprisingly quiet. The area itself was also very relaxed and a great starting point to explore the city. There is a subway station two blocks north of the hotel at bloomingdales (which was perhaps too close, given that my fiancee loved the shops). The subway was a lot safer than you would be led to believe and an inexpensive way to travel around after your ticket for the sightseeing bus runs out! Also nearby is central park and a few blocks away from tiffany (too close again!). If you wish to gain a perspective on how well the city has bounced back since 9/11, visit the memorial centre at Ground Zero, it is impossible to see this and not be moved. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel and this city to anyone, couple, family or otherwise, you will not be disappointed. P.S. The beds are more comfortable than in any hotel i've ever stayed in.	
Jun 19 2007 	A very welcoming hotel in a great location!	Stayed with family (5) for 7 nights at end of May in a linked suite. It was a great haven after each long day's activity around Manhattan. Particularly after visiting Times Square (daytime and nightime) we realised that we were staying in an ideal part of town for relaxation (if you wanted it!) in a family friendly environment. Staff throughout made you feel you were their personal guest, from concierge, reception, bar &amp; restaurant.We dined in the restaurant a couple of times &amp; it was very good all round with the added benefit of enjoying 'a night at home' for a change along with a good pint at Fitzers bar.I would be happy to recommend wholeheartedly.	
May 29 2007	Great Place	Just back from a great trip to New York Four nights in The Fitzpatrick's Manhattan we found this a excellent place to stay. Close to Fifth Avenue and a short walk from Times Square. Very friendly hotel staff who would go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable. I was expecting very small rooms for New York but our room was very spacious with everything you could need for a few days - even an umbrella in your closet for the wet days in New York. All the hotel staff were pleasent from the morning staff for breakfast to the bar staff last thing at night. Overall i would recomend this hotel to anyone who was visiting New York.	
May 25 2007	Great hotel - but pricey!!	Stayed here for 3 nights before travelling upstate to a wedding in April. We got a room with a suite and there was loads of space! The heating didn't work - so it was a bit chilly (apparently the heating doesn't work between April and October), NY was freezing!The room was clean and well maintained. The staff were very helpful and overall it was a great stay - just very pricey, but I suppose that is to be expected from a mid-town hotel. Stayed in Fitzpatrick's Grand Central on our return from upstate and we felt it was a much better location and great food in the bar, however the staff there were not as pleasant!	
Mar 21 2007 	An excellent choice at a reasonable price	I have stayed at both Fitzpatrick’s in New York and they both live up to their billing of being cozy, reasonably priced (for New York), elegant hotels. As with the Fitzpatrick Grand Central, the rooms are very small and best suited for a single traveler or a couple that likes to be close. That said the rooms are nicely decorated, have excellent amenities, flat screen TVs, a double headed shower, bathrobe, etc., - everything you would expect from a high end hotel. I found the size of the bathroom quite adequate. The staff was polite and helpful. I left an overnight kit behind and they had it back to me in two days with no fuss. It seems like a small thing, but rarely does retrieving ones personal items from a hotel go so smoothly.	
Mar 5 2007	Wonderful hote	In short, this hotel is in a great midtown location, and like the other reviewers, although I hardly used anything but the room as a base, when I did deal with the staff, they were very helpful and courteous. I originally booked for 3 nights, but asked to extend for another 3, which was quickly accomodated. The room was attended to every day, even though I was one of those annoying staff who was always still in bed at regular servicing hours. I had a few drinks in the bar downstairs, which was lively and warm.The location is great. A walk to Times Square, Central Park, and a zillion subway stations. I don't know how people can complain about noise, you're in the middle of the busiest city in the world!!! I slept with the windows open most nights, and noise didn't bother me at all. I was on the 15th floor.When I checked out, my bags were stored for a few hours no trouble at all while I did my last walk around the city and completed a few tasks. Cab was called, and the concierge found the address of my airport hotel quick smart. The room was spotless, shower and bathroom perfect size. Two double beds, great flat screen tv, even internet access via the tv (although some websites didn't work, and navigation was non-trivial!). And just so close to a million eateries.Sometimes I think some of the bad reviews on this website are people who are NEVER satisfied. The Fitzpatrick Manhattan was a great experience for me. I paid $280 total per night, which I was satisfied with.	
Mar 5 2007	Best in town....	Stayed ther for 2 nights as part of a longer trip to NY. Paid 250 euro per night booking 1 week beforehand for a suite.Must say the place was fantastic, great sized room for New York City, loved the decor and the overall aura of the hotel. The main room had a 42 inch plasma and the bedroom had a 28 inch screen, perfect for when the old jet lag kicks in and you find yourself awake at 4.30 am for the first 2 mornings. Movie selection was very recent and reasonably priced at 10 dollars. Some films are not even in uk cinemas as yet. The Fitzers bar downstairs was also top class, food selection good for a light snack and the hospitality was oozing from the staff.Location is very central and A GOOD WALK CAN REACH MOST ATTRACTIONS ON MANHATTAN ISLAND. Can highly recommend the 2 hour boat tour of Manhattan and the statue of liberty etc, leaves pier 42 every 2-3 hours. Only 20 something dollars a head.All in all I will return here someday soon, only slight niggles were the price of a pint in the bar at 7 dollars plus then a tip!!!! And our tv was broken in the main room and when requested to be fixed it wasnt.... although the second one at the end of the bed meant that we were not stuck...Try a local eaterie called Europcafe on Lexington for gorgeous snacks its about a 5 min walk east from the hotel.....Highly recommend a stay here and if your Irish all the better as the hotel is full of us thick paddys.....	
Mar 1 2007	Deluxe suites not suitable for 3	I stayed in this hotel last weekend 23rd february as part of a group of 40. We were booked into the deluxe suites as we had to treble up. I was the unfortunate 3rd person that slept in the sitting area that had a pull dodwn couch b ed. I did not have a problem with this but was provided with o ne blanket only. The window was ajar all noght and could not be closed. I never slept one bit I was so cold. When I complained the following morning, blankets were provided for the following night and a caretaker was sent up to close the window. Only for this problem, there was a nice firendly atmosphere and breakfast was good.	
Dec 11 2006 	A rare treat ...a warm friendly new york hotel!	stayed here for 3 nights at the start of december,my first time at the fitzpatricks.i booked a suite for extra space as i have been told the nonsuite{delux rooms} are very small.we arrived at night after a nightmare taxi ride from newark airport[unbelievably rude taxi driver who didnt know his way] ,and settled into the hotel.myself and my wife had a suite and friends booked a delux room.the staff at check in were irish and very welcoming. the suite was very pleasant but with 2 drawbacks,no aircoditioning and the smallest hotel bathroom i have ever seen.it was explained to me that the air conditioning only works in the summer months,while in the winter it is used to heat the room only.opening the windows helped cool the room and they provided us with a fan.the bed was extremly comfortable and the room came wiht 2 plasma televisions.the hotel has an excellent and friendly staff...indeed a very rare find in new york.a small but very cosey bar is just off the lobby which i regret we didnt use more.our friends loved the hotel..yes they said their room was small ,but the comfy bed made up for it.while this hotel is not flash ,i do recommend it,mainly due to the very friendly irish staff,good location and that bed!.pity about the tiny bathroom but it is only a small crib in an otherwise excellent hotel	
Sep 22 2006 	Fantastic Stay	We booked a room at the hotel for our last nights stay in the US. It was such a nice way to finish a holiday. It's a wonderful hotel. The staff are all very friendly and very welcoming. Our suite was beautiful with a sitting room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. With a queen size bed, it was an extremely pleasant stay. Would highly recommend to anyone!	
Sep 1 2006 	Clean and friendly but nothing exceptional	A reasonable location close to Park and 5th Avenue. We had a suite with our 2 young kids which was fine, clean and well cleaned etc. No view on the 6th floor, you need to get a higher room.The staff were friendly especially at breakfast where they made the kids feel special. Otherwise it is a good place to stay at a reasonable price without being mind blowing in anyway but we have no complaints either.	
Aug 22 2006	Misleading	Onthe hotel's .com website, the Fitz Patrick in Manhattan was rated well and I thought I was getting a good place for a little getaway. The room that I booked was the deluxe room and was non smoking. Also, Hotels.com said the hotel had been updated in 2005.The staff was friendly but from the minute we stepped in the room I knew something was wrong. EVen though it was clearly marked non-smoking room, we could smell cigarette smoke everywhere. There were cigeratte holes in the curtains and the entire table/desk was covered in dust.The bathroom wasn't even big enought to turn around in. The mirrow was losing all of it's finish ( a clear sign that the place had not been remodeled last year) The bottom the vanity was also kciked in.Next time I will go back to a place we know and be a little bit less trusting of Hotels.com information.	
Aug 18 2006	Great for families	So, there is good and bad about the Fitzpatrick ManhattanOn the good side: You can get a two room suite with kitchenette for the price of most hotel rooms in NY. We have stayed there twice with a young child. If you stay for a good number of nights in a row, you get a good discount. So, for a week this past July, it cost around $250 a night for a REAL two room suite- (not a fake suite that just has an alcove) It was really like a decent sized apartment. That is unbeatable in New York. This is a great option for a family where you want to put the kids to bed before you have to go to bed.The staff is very nice. Many employees from Ireland. It is a nice small hotel feel. The location is great. Right in midtown- a bit more of an upscale area. And, away from the lunacy of Times Square. If you are brining kids to NY- this is a great option- don't stay in Times Square!and the bad:Two visits in a row we got to the hotel late at night and they gave us a key. We opened the door only to find the room not ready for us. First time we opened the door to find someone else's clothes still in the closet. I closed the door quickly- they may have been in there. On the second visit, we opened the door to find dirty wine glasses and garbage on the table, and a used shower with wet towels on the floor.The housekeeping and front desk staff REALLY need to get their act together to know if people have indeed really checked out.Both of these were shocking and unforgivable for any hotel.On both ocassions we had this problem only on checkin. The housekeeping was fine for the rest of the time.So, overall, I recommend this hotel, but the problem above should be noted.	
Jun 29 2006	Service beats style	My girlfriend and I called the Fitzpatrick Manhattan home for six nights in late April. The one thing that stands out about this place is the exceptional service.We arrived early in the morning on Easter Sunday after a long flight from London. Our bleary eyes were fully prepared to walk around like zombies until check-in, but the lovely lady at the front desk gave us our room straight away! This was a godsend and much appreciated.Although our room was compact and facing an inside wall of the hotel, we didn't mind because it was as quiet as a mouse (something rare in NYC).Though the room was small the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom had all you needed. There is a subway station about a block and a half up Lexington, which can then take you to anywhere you want to go. There is also a convenient pub adjoining the hotel which again had a very friendly barman. Geez the Irish are nice! We didn't eat in the hotel's restaurant because it was a bit expensive, but there was plenty to eat in the surrounding blocks.Overall we were very impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the standard of our room. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 20 2006	Unbeatable	We stayed here on our honeymoon and could honestly say that the staff in this hotel are without doubt the best. As soon as we arrived, we were upgraded to a suite. The room was not ready but we were sent into the bar for a complimentary drink. Upon arriving to our room, there was a bottle of champagne on ice, butlers chocolates and a note wishing us all the best on our honeymoon. The staff here are so friendly and courteous and it’s obvious to see that they are trying their best to make you feel welcome and at home. After a busy day shopping in New York, there is nothing as nice as returning to the cosy atmosphere of this hotel. The rooms are quite small but are clean &amp; comfortable and to be honest you spend such a short amount of time in your room that the size really does not make that much difference. This hotel has a great location, walking distance to just about everything. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York. It may not be the biggest or the plushest hotel but in my opinion the atmosphere and the staff make it the best hotel around!!	
May 4 2006	Warm welcome large rooms great value	We booked this hotel through Expedia on basis of price and location. Was quite cheap for the period at around $225/night inc tax, so I was a bit nervous about the quality we would experience. However, right from check-in the experience was great.Check in staff were extremely welcoming and friendly. When they gave us a room on 3rd floor by the elevator, I feared it would be a substandard room, as so often happens when you book through internet agencies. True, the room did overlook the light-well, but was reasonably bright and most importantly had no noise from street, kitchens or elevator. In fact, the best surprise was that the room was HUGE by NYC standards, with a small kitchen area, lobby and walk in closet, as well as the queen sized bed and full bathroom (great toiletries by the way as well). Only criticism of the room would be the traditional floral decor which might not be everyone's taste (including mine).We found the bar to be a bit dingy, but with very friendly Irish staff, as well as live rugby. The concierge (also Irish) gave us a great recommendation for going out of the hotel for a drink as well, and when it poured with rain, the bell-boy was happy to lend us his umbrella.Finally, location was perfect for shopping (especially Bloomingdales) and had lots of reasonably priced eateries for breakfast and lunch nearby. I would definitely return next time I am in New York - by far the friendliest hotel I have stayed at there and feels more like a small guest-house.	
Apr 30 2006	Cosy central comfortable and charming - and not too pricey!	I spent a week here with my hubby and another couple and we were all very impressed with the hotel. The rooms are cosy, spacious, the beds are lovely and comfortable, there was a bathtub (a big plus for me), coffeemaking facilities and everything is very clean. My only two minor complaints would be the fixed showerhead (a bugbear of mine) and the 10 dollars internet charge - I only wanted 10 mins now and then to check my mails. The staff are friendly and very helpful. The Irish bar is cosy but perhaps some bartenders weren't as charming as others! A nice touch was when we'd arrived after a very long flight and as the rooms weren't quite ready we were offered complimentary drinks at the bar. The hotel has few facilities, just the small bar and restaurant, which won't suit everyone but was fine for us, we weren't spending much time at the hotel, how could we with such a fabulous city waiting for us outside! The hotel is in a great central location, but we didn't find it noisy at all. Would definitely use it again.	
Apr 19 2006 	Great Stay	Enjoyed this hotel very much. The room was ideal -- perfect for my wife and I and our 14-year-old daughter. My travel agent forgot to let the hotel know we were bringing our daughter along on the trip, but the hotel staff accomodated us without any trouble. She had the sofa (hideaway bed) and we had the bedroom. The bar was a great place to grab a nice ale or scotch before dinner. Good location and close to subway stops, Central Park, and shopping.	
Apr 19 2006	Adored this hotel	We stayed in Fitzpatrick's while on our honeymoon - although it was completely unplanned. We had initially checked in to the really diappointing Doubletree Hilton further down Lexington for a few nights prior to heading to the Caribbean and couldn't wait to get away from the place. Anyway we popped in to Fitzpatrick's on the off chance that they would have a room and got one for €140! Great room, small but perfectly adequate, really lovely. Service was second to none, food was great (nachos in the bar were super), staff were really excellent and made us feel very welcome. We stayed again on the way back from Jamaica and I have to say it really made our honeymoon for us. Great place for breakfast across the street, down a side street, its called the Palace - try it!	
Apr 11 2006	A good experience	We spent a week in a suite with our two year old daughter. To sum up:Positives:•Location (the most important thing for any hotel).•Room size, admittedly it was a suite but it was excellent value.•Service – the hotel staff were very courteous, friendly &amp; knowledgeable. We didn’t try the restaurant or bar.•Beds – huge &amp; comfortable•Room amenities – a fridge, a counter &amp; sink, two televisions, a great sofa.Negatives:•Relatively noisy, but then it is Manhattan. We got used to it &amp; all slept very well.•Lack of “facilities”, but again it is Manhattan so you have no excuse to be bored.We were there in April, so I don’t know how effective the heating or air-conditioning are.We’d be back.	
Apr 6 2006	Stay far away....	My fiance and I stayed at the Fitzpatrick Manhattan Hotel for a long weekend. Front desk was friendly, never went out of their way to make you feel special, but friendly enough. Room was a little small, but good enough for what we needed as we planned on shopping our entire trip anyway. Had a terrible experience our last night at the bar. We were the only Americans there and were treated as if we didn't belong. Rude bartender with an Irish accent, was extremely short and couldn't wait to be finished with us to go back to chatting with her irish 'friends'. Didn't even bother finishing our drinks (which were expensive). If you aren't Irish, stay out of this bar, you will not feel welcomed!!!!	
Mar 31 2006	Ahhh...the bed!	Room was small but perfectly formed and had everthing we needed. Cosy and warm. The bed was lovely, really comfortable and there was great storage. Would have liked a stronger power shower though.We loved the art deco decor and elevators.Service was excellent, from reception to concierage and bar. Food was real comfort fare from home, but always tasty. Would have been nice to have a separate restaurant though and I loved the huge ladies bathroom in the bar! No Murphys in bar let it down!Brilliant location, loved it. Everything is nearby but was not noisy at night. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 25 2006 	Ritz who?	Who needs the Ritz when you got the Fitzpatrick Manhattan!	
Mar 5 2006	Stay somewhere else	No Facilities. There is no restaurant, only one bar downstairs which was closed for a private function one night during our stay. We were very disappointed as this hotel is very hyped in Ireland. Location is good though.	
Feb 16 2006	the most comfortable beds	Our flight out of Kennedy was cancelledon Monday after the blizzard, so we decided to stay in the city. We had stayed at The fitzpatrick once before in a suite, but none were available this time. We booked over the phone and got a great rate of $199.00 for a regular room. The bed is the best part of all with pillow top mattresses and very soft pillows. The staff if friendly and will go out of their way to handle requests. The rooms are small but comfortable. The restaurant serves high quality comfort food. I would recommend this hotel highly.	
Feb 14 2006 	They Came to My Rescue!	I was stranded in New York during the record-breaking blizzard on February 12, needed a place to stay, and called the Fitzpatrick on a friend's reccommendation.The experience couldn't have been nicer. The staff was unbelievably caring, and the elegant room was a cozy and warm oasis on a frigid winter night. Bedtime turn-down service included a soft, fluffy robe, slippers. mineral water, and some delicious Irish chocolate.I also enjoyed the hotel's authentic Irish pub-style restaurant. A fireplace warmed up the room, and the hearty stew that I chose for dinner was perfect on such a cold winter night. The bar was a great place to enjoy a cocktail and meet other people who were also &quot;stranded&quot;....none of us were complaining, though.	
Jan 31 2006	Excellent location and hotel	We stayed in the fitzpatrick manhattan from the 25th to the 29th of January. We got an excellent rate of $199 a night and on arrival we were met by the manager who welcomed us and were checked in very quickly. Our bags were taken up to our room for us and our room was huge! We had a separate kitchen area which we used to store our luggage, a lovely bedroom with a nice big bed and a big bathroom, with a bath/shower. We also got some complimentary drinks vouchers for the bar when we checked in. The staff were very friendly, and the bar was lovely. We didnt eat in the restaurant but it was full most nights and seemed to do well. The location was perfect, 2 blocks away from the metro and bloomingdales, and 3 blocks cross-town to 5th avenue. We walked everywhere as it was such a good location. I would recommend the hotel to anyone	
Dec 17 2005 	Very Very Nice Hotel make you feel at home!	I arrived at 10pm for an 8am interview. Having flown in from the west coast it was nice to be welcomed and checked-in so quickly. The bed was so comfortable I worried I wouldn't wake up on time! As another user pointed out the air conditioning was a little noisy - but I've barely been to a hotel that didn't have a similar problem. Everything was clean and welcoming - little mint chocolates on the pillow. If you go in winter you'll really enjoy the terry robes. I had a couple beer at the adjacent pub and met lots of nice people. In the morning I was treated to a nice quiet continental breakfast. Upon returning to the hotel after interview to check out - I was quickly given directions and the bell locked up my things so I could go lunch with a friend in Central Park. When I returned the bell quickly hailed me a cab - the first cabbie was rude and obnoxious so the bell politely sent him off and hailed another. No wonder this is one of the hotels of choice for my company - afterall I did get the job!	
Dec 7 2005	Lovely Hotel and Staff	Myself and two friends stayed in the fitzpatricks Manhattan hotel from 30th Nov to 6th December. We booked a suite which had a seperate bedroom and a living room with a pull out sofabed. There was also a small kitchen with a fridge, sink and coffee maker. The rooms were both a good size and spotlessly clean. The hotel is small considering the size of some of the hotels in new york but we liked the fact that it was so intimate. All the staff were eager to help and made a point of asking how your day was. The bar and restaurant are small but we also liked that too. The great thing about Fitzpatricks is the fact that you can start shopping on your doorstep. Just two blocks away is Bloomingdales, Gap, Ninewest, H&amp;M, Levis and many others. Its also great for getting to the ferry for the statue of liberty. There is a subway stop right across the street from bloomingdales. Overall we loved this hotel and we plan on booking our second stay here in january.	
Nov 7 2005	Makes one feel like royalty!	A lovely, quaint boutique-type of hotel that offers all of the comforts of home! The rooms are impeccably clean and the pillows and bed invite you to a restful sleep!Most important, the staff will go the extra mile to make sure you are satisifed with your stay. They make every effort to be friendly, accomodating and personable. Anything I have ever requested of the staff, they've delivered with a smile! They make an effort to refer to you by name and have the knack of making you feel like you're a special guest! I've stayed here three times over the past three years, and I've never been disappointed. I'm planning a fourth stay in a couple of months when I return to NYC. The warmth of Irish hospitality is evident in this fine establishment!	
Aug 20 2005	Great Place	We stayed in the Fitzpatrick Manhattan from on 14th Feb 05 for 6 nights and loved the hotel.We got a great deal on the room rate booking directly through their website....If thinking of headin over to NYC between Jan and the end of Feb the offers on their website are great and wont be beaten so try there first! It was my first time in NYC and so many people had told me not to expect much in the way of bedroom size, (especially when they heard the rate we were getting!), as it was standard enough that bedrooms in Manhattan were on the small side but to our suprise we had a very spacious room with a small kitchenette, which doubled as our dumping ground for our shopping and luggage. We did find the room to be a little cold. Being there in Feb it is understandably cold outside so you would expect the heating to be on full blast but the room was on the cool side......this didn't upset us too much as we were only there to change and sleep.The staff were great in the hotel very friendly and couldn't have been more helpful. As one of the other reviewers pointed out the bar is very small but serves its purpose all the same and its a great place to chat with fellow guests and get tips for different things to see and do. Most evenings we headed out to some well known bars in the area to get a real taste of nightlife in NY. We only ate once in the restaurant and weren't overly impressed with the food but it was tasty enough.The location is great and we walked everywhere. It is a 2 minute walk to Bloomingdales and 5/10mins to 5th Avenue and the entrance to Central Park. Overall I would definitely recommend a stay here particularly if you are going in Jan/Feb as it was fantastic value for money and it is a cosy homely hotel. One other thing for the shoppers among you....if thinking of going over in Feb try and be there for around the 22nd Feb (Presidents Day). The Monday around this date is a National Holiday in the US and the sales running up to the Monday are great especially in Woodbury Common Shopping Outlet the discount in most places was 50/75% off and made the long trip out to the outlet well worth it!!!!	
Jul 23 2005 	Not Good	Not sure what everyone else seems to love. My room was damp, the AC was incredibly noisy, part of the ceiling collapsed in the bathroom, the walls were paper thin (could hear the traffic/dump trucks cleaning dumpsters all night) and there was a strange moldy odor throughout my floor (the 5th). If you are looking for a great Boutique hotel in NYC, try the Hudson.	
Apr 26 2005	Loved Feeling Like Family	We stayed at the Fitzpatrick over the weekend of 3/10/05. We had never stayed at a boutique-style hotel before, but it came recommended to us from someone who lives nearby. Traveling to NYC as a family of five can be challenging and certainly expensive. This hotel offers suites, and they are much more affordable than even a single room the major hotels. From my first phone call (to see if they would be completely irritated if we showed up with my three young boys), they were pleasant, informative, welcoming, and accomodating. When we arrived they greeted us by name and made us feel as if they were ready and waiting for us. The suite was beautifully appointed with tasteful and current styling. The linens were all higher-end Irish lines, and the lamps all evoked the Waterford crystal feel. For the boys, there was Nintendo in the room, as well as small but extremely useful kitchenette. The accomodations for us were perfect, in that my husband and I shared the king-sized bed in the bedroom and my children all slept on the oversized pull-out sofa in the living room. All weekend the staff greeted my boys by name, provided information as quickly as we could ask it, and greeted us regularly with a smile and our names. The restaurant in the hotel was wonderful, and the service was equally perfect. The Irish Breakfast is a requirement, as it provides authentic Irish Sausage, fabulous eggs and fluffy, completely filling pancakes. My in-laws recently returned from Ireland and said it tasted exactly as they remembered over there. The Bar has the neighborhood Irish Pub feel, with Guinness on tap and plenty of Irish locals filling the seats. They were most accomodating, pouring two Guinesses and helping me get them to my room when we returned early in the evening.Maybe it helped that we were there right before St. Patrick's Day, but this experience was perfect. I will stay there every time I return to New York, because it was wonderful to step away from the standard New York attitude into the welcoming home of the Irish.	
Mar 28 2005	Emmm.... ok	We stayed in The Fitzpatricks in Jan 05. I have to admit we expected more after all the hype we read. It is a lovely friendly hotel and the staff are extremely attentive, but the hotel itself is small enough. The food is quite nice in the restaurant, (breakfast very expensive though, go to any of the delis nearby) but the bar is too small. The rooms were nice enough, but as a previous reviewer has said, we could have stayed in the Waldorf for the same price and regretfully we didn't. The Waldorf would have been much more central as well. The hightlight of our stay was we shared the lift one morning from the 9th floor with Phil Coulter! Overall I would stay again if the Waldorf or Sheraton Manhattan was not available.	
Feb 28 2005	Good Not Great.		
Jan 17 2005	Excellent hotel		
Jul 2 2004	Great location		
Jun 19 2004	Nice Hotel Great location		
May 27 2004	Loved the Fitzpatrick!		
May 24 2004	great hotel		
Jan 29 2004	Top notch!		
Jan 14 2004	Even if money was no object the Fitzpatrick is still the hotel I'd choose		
Nov 11 2003	There is no fireside...		
Nov 6 2003	Great Family Hotel		
Aug 6 2009 	Très bel hotel au juste emplacement !		
