	Really nice staff...free beer and nachos!	The rooms here are spacious and although it can feel a bit impersonal 'cause it's so big, but the staff make up for it by being really friendly and helpful. The desk staff were excellent and moved us into a room that looked across the hudson(?) river.The location here is poor, as you have to get a pricey cab or a subway into the times square (rubbish) and central park (nice) area. Got a good deal on hotwire and felt it was a decent value choice.	
	Not Bad At All	The family - wife, three boys (11, 8 &amp; 5) and I - were in New York for Thanksgiving. We chose the Embassy Suites because we were familiar with the chain (we've stayed at their hotels in Washington DC and Monteray Bay) and, frankly, there aren't many hotels that comfortably accommodate a family of five in one room.The NYC version of Embassy Suites was pretty all we had hoped for. If you are familiar with the brand, you know the gig. Big room (well, two actually), decent breakfast, and free drinks in the evening. All this was as promised.On this hotel in particular, I didn't find our room was especially dated, as some have commented in other reviews. But we did find the matress a bit soft - by design or simply through age I'm not sure. But it didn't make for a great night's sleep.As for location, I thought it was fine. It's a good base to do Brooklyn or the ferries from the south of the island. And it's only a brisk five minute walk to the underground, for rapid transit to the midtown attractions. So don't be lazy - you need five minutes to walk off that comprehensive breakfast!	
	Too far down can't deliver promised room	The main reason to stay at the Embassy Suites is that it allegedly offers suites with two double beds, meaning a family with two teens can fit - you save the price of a second room. (Otherwise, this hotel being at the end of Manhattan, it's a 25 dollars taxi fare to mid-town).However, if that worked for us the first two times we stayed at Embassy Suites Manhattan, the past two stays our two-beds reservation turned into a King size bed and a cot - &quot;Or you can go somewhere else if you're not happy.&quot; Which we will do, the cot being freezing cold under the flimsy blanket, especially as it can only be placed next to the window. The breakfast buffet is OK but mobbed. You stand in line for the food, you fight for a table. Even when you have a table, the hostess may try to remove your chair if you get up for more coffee, as happened to us - even though our daughter was still at the table. And if you protest, however mildly, you might invite a torrent of sarcasm, as my protest (&quot;Excuse me, my chair&quot;) did. So much for hospitality - what was her problem???? The business center: Two days in a row, we had to wait behind a bunch of kids who were working on .... I'm not sure what business they were working on. Lots of kids though, and you've got to wait. The suites need work - a lamp without a knob to turn it on, some mildew in the bathtub, a bent towel rack hidden by towels that fell into the toilet when you reached for them, the rack being bent.....So, if you can get your two beds out of the desk, it might be worth it. Bring lots of patience to the buffet and the business center. Otherwise, look mid-town. We will.	
Nov 18 2009 	Best place to stay in New York	From the moment you arrive at this hotel, you'll feel right at home. The staff are so friendly (especially the chefs at breakfast), the free breakfast is absolutely amazing, the manager's drinks are awesome and the hotel is in a perfect location. The free internet is perfect for travellers and the hotel is always clean. The fitness centre had every piece of equipment imaginable but I would have got lost if it weren't for my dad. You go down many corridors!The value was amazing because as return guests we received a good rate.My only gripe is that the rooms need a bit of updating. the bedding is comfortable but the room, although very clean, is starting to look dated.	
Nov 17 2009 	Has seen better days	I too, am unsure what all the fuss about this place is ? For the price we paid I expected a bit more. The rooms are in need of an urgent upgrade, damaged walls, old matresses and pillows, what used to be a mini bar (I think) has been disconnected and and part dismantled. Furniture is old and out of date. Breakfast is so so, cereals, pancakes etc are good but the supposed hot food should be avoided. Staff are frendly on check in as are the breakfast staff. The biggest hassle was the location. At first I didn't mind, but after a few days I was tired of having to walk through construction sites etc to get anywhere. Is a good location if you are on business in downtown, but I would rethink it if you intend to go further. yes you could get a cab, but when we did, the traffic jams because of the construction were unbearable. Left here and wet to Hampton Inn Soho, now there is a hotel that we loved !	
Nov 17 2009 	Best kept secret in NYC!!	This place is where you want to stay if you want some peace and quite from the horn honking-sirens blasting Times square and the rest of NYC. I stayed at the Waldordorf the night previous and for alot less we did get alot more. Start with Free Drinks from 5:30-7:30 at the managers reception. Clean spacious suites larger than most apartments in NYC. You can take private walks along the Hudson and never feel unsafe day or night. The federal building next store has shops and of course starbucks. The subway is a short walk away and many pizza places all close too. Don't forget Free buffet breakfast with eggs made to order....mmmmm...I will return for sure!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel but too far out	We picked this hotel for the spacious rooms. The hotel, staff, and breakfast were fantastic but going back and forth to Times Square was too expensive in taxi fares. I thought I was saving money but probably would have come out better just staying in TSquare. We could see the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island from the shore as well as walking over to the World Trade Center. Very quiet in the evening.	
Nov 14 2009 	Definately Worth Staying...	This hotel was booked by the travel agent used by my office. My criteria for selecting a hotel was that it be close to the meeting that I would be having, that it be in a &quot;safe&quot; (relatively speaking) area as I would be traveling alone, and that it be clean and have room to spread out my work. This hotel lived up to that criteria and actually surpassed it. From the moment of arrival, the &quot;face&quot; of the hotel was friendly, efficient and professional. The view of the Hudson is outstanding, particularly at sunset. I am pretty picky about the cleanliness of hotels and how up-to-date the furnishings are although perfection is neither necessary or likely anywhere you travel. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. (Although I always travel with lysol wipes to clean countertops, phones, etc upon advice from someone I know who used to clean hotel rooms!). The work space/ &quot;living room&quot; was separate from the bedroom. The bedroom had a door which was nice. The bed was a bit too soft for me, but it was comfortable. The linens were clean (yes I checked thoroughly). The only drawbacks are that: (1) the walls between rooms seems a bit thin (I could clearly hear the guest in the next room coughing most of the night); and (2) the work/living area has a &quot;window&quot; which looks out onto the hallway. I kept the curtins closed. The staff accommodated my request for a late check-out without a blink of an eye. Check-out is 12 noon and I asked for 1:30 pm. Note that parking is only available via &quot;valet&quot; with NO in and out privileges. I was only going to take cabs anyway so that did not pose an issue for me, but it is something to note. I had not realized how close the hotel was to the WTC site. Sobering experience to view. Breakfast is included in the rate and while not outstanding, it was good enough and particularly convienent. There is a Whole Foods Market about 1 block away if you want to eat healthy! I would definately stay here again either on business or pleasure.	
Nov 14 2009 	OK Choice in New York	I'm not sure this hotel is deserving of all of the accolades, but it isn't a bad choice in New York CIty. The rooms are large and quiet, and I slept well, and that itself is somewhat rare in New York and the biggest positive. Beyond that I didn't quite see the what the big attraction is. The location is a bit out of the way for most tourists, although being near the river in Battery Park makes for nice walks. And at the end of the day, this is a large atrium-style hotel that seems a bit out of place in New York City. The breakfast scene was a madhouse on Sunday morning with hundreds of hungry guests waiting in long queues to get at eggs, bacon, pancakes, etc that looked awful and smelled worse. Hard to get coffee, let alone food. I would stay here again only if I wanted to be downtown or the price was right, but wouldn't pay up to be here.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great service clean pleasant rooms 	This is my second stay at this hotel, so I feel like I can really give you an honest review. I much prefer this hotel to anything midtown. You're close to everything and yet off the beaten path. A stroll from the wonderful Tribeca area, WTC and beautiful views of the the Hudson river.From the excellent and extremely kind staff to the wonderfully comfortable rooms, we loved our stays. So much so that it's been a month since my last stay and yet I still felt compelled to write this review.The concierge' desk (the entire lot of them) couldn't have been anymore helpful to all our sightseeing needs. The complimentary breakfast &amp; happy hour were very well organized as well. I've stayed at other Embassy Suites where the lines were horrible at both of these things, not the case here. To our surprise several employees remembered us from our last stay back in July making us feel special.I would definitely want this to be our regular hotel for all our future NYC trips. Two enthusiastic thumbs up to this hotel. Keep up the great work!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great place to stay in New York	When we arrived we asked for hypo allergenic bedding which was brought to us very promptly and the beds were remade. Room was clean and well supplied with towels and toiletries. Breakfast was varied and good. Short walk to the subway which we used daily to visit uptown. Nice walks by the river, especially in the evening to look at the sunsets over New Jersey. Ferries to Staten Island, Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty were within walking distance as was the ferry terminal near the hotel for visiting New Jersey.We used Applebees on two occasions, good food.and convenient for the hotel, especially when it was raining. We also used Room Service one night and the food was good and delivered quickly.Overall a very good place to stay	
Nov 2 2009 	Fabulous Great and Wonderful place to stay!	The day we arrived it was raining and the help with got with our luggage was great! They even came out to the car with an umbrella to make sure we wouldn't get wet. They were so pleasant and cheery. When we went to register, they were so happy and helpful with our requests. The bellboy was pleasant and very attentive. Our room was absolutely beautiful and clean. Most hotels which we have stayed at the rooms are not kept up in cleaniness, but with the Embassy Suites you can tell they look at every detail. The next morning the breakfast which is included in the price was to die for, everything from omeletts to bacon to cereal to pancakes and the list goes on. What a delightful and delicious way to start the day. When we were ready to leave everyone thank us for the stay and also asked if we had a good stay. They really care about their customers and definitely know how to make people feel right at home. In addition, location for what we had planned for the day was great and easy to get to and from downtown and from the west side. All we know is, the next time we plan on going to New York and need a room, we are definitely staying at the Embassy Suites. Liz from Jersey	
Nov 1 2009 	GREAT location tasty free breakfast 	This is a great hotel for visiting lower Manhatten. Easy walking distance to World Trade Center site, the World Trade Center Tribute Center, Wall Street, and other financial district highlights.While our view was of a building (&quot;city view&quot;), we didn't spend much time in our very clean &amp; large suite. The breakfast buffet had a lot of choices, including excellent made to order omelettes. The concierge provided a map, recommended restaurants, &amp; gave precise directions for where we wanted to go. A subway stop a few blocks away makes it easy to visit the rest of Manhatten.	
Oct 30 2009 	I'll be back..	We had flown the red-eye and arrived at 9:30 am. Not only did they give us a room at that hour, but we were even given breakfast. It was made to order and very filling. After a short nap we were on the go for the rest of the day. Didn't make it back in time for the manager's reception. But we did use the NY Sports Club. It took a little walk to find it, but it's so much bigger than the small exercise rooms that most Embassy Suites have. A trainer at the club helped us use some equipment we weren't familiar with, which was really appreciated. I would stay at this hotel again, it's so roomy compared to the little rooms uptown.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value in a great location.	Love this place for the space (more comfortable with teen and parents sharing a suite) and location (beautiful walks along the Hudson) and ease (restaurants and movie theatre reached without going outdoors.) Not all that convenient to mid-town, but a 10 minute walk to the subway is pleasant enough.	
Oct 24 2009 	Quiet for a reason	I agree with the other reviewers about the location. Since your are in the Wall St area, it is pretty much not close to anything that tourists want. Plus the closest subway stop is probably 5 blocks away. So if you like quiet, this is the place for you.The rooms are pretty spacious and nicely furnished as Embassy Suites are known for. Very clean and nice for parents with young kids as there is a park close by with a playset.The breakfast that is included was okay - super packed with people and the selection of food was average.	
Oct 21 2009 	Classic Embassy suites that is showing her age	As far as ES's go, its average. Not in the best location if you're doing anything that requires something other than a cab. Bad access to the subway due to WTC. Small rooms. What got me was the wear and tear that I saw in the bathroom. There is mold in the grout in the shower. Places that are visibly worn on the tub. Accessory trays on the ledge that should have been replaced ages ago. I'm not a big fan of the windows that face out into the hallway. The breakfast was nice. Nothing special but it was all there and in the correct temperature.	
Oct 19 2009 	Not for us...	Room 1510. I realize that everyone has their own idea of what &quot;clean&quot; is. That being said, our room was filthy. I would venture to guess that it has never seen a vacuum. Dirty/torn drapes. A working ant farm surrounded the base of the toilet. Every morning I had to clean up that mess.  With 2 teenagers in tow we booked this hotel for space and considering we had booked shows/hockey game/dinners every day we didn't plan on spending much time in the room. The fold out sofa wasn't being made up and folded back when the room was supposed to be &quot;serviced&quot; so we had to request that they do that part of their job. Our drink glasses were never replaced with clean ones. Once used and placed in the sink , housekeeping simply put the dirty glasses (with my lipstick still on them) back on the tray and NEVER emptied the ice bucket of the water from melted ice.We ordered room service on our first night there. This was interesting as 3 of the 4 items that arrived were not what we ordered. Ordered 2 filet mignon (received 2 NY strips) A penne pasta dish arrived as rigatoni. As this was brought to the attention of the attendant delivering he simply answered: &quot;We don't have that.&quot; My husband opened the menu book to point out what we ordered and the man grabbed the book and torn out the pages and said: &quot;We haven't had that menu for 3 years!&quot; When we ordered the meal, the room service person whom we spoke to didn't say a word about not having the items we were ordering.....just a quick &quot;Okay, it will be right up.&quot; The 4th item was a burger......I guess the burger is still on the menu. By the way it was the only item that was indeed good. The steaks were well done and tough. (medium rare desired) and the pasta was simply ridiculous.	
Oct 15 2009 	Would stay here again!	While this location is not exactly convenient if you are planning to spend much time in midtown, it was a great, quiet location for a family with small children who weren't looking for nightlife. The rooms were clean and spacious (especially by NYC standards!) and it was amazingly quiet. (You won't find THAT in midtown!) A bus or subway is just a short walk away, and a staff member is always available to hail a cab for you. The cab fare to midtown is roughly $15 without tip, but well worth it when you have tired little ones. With nice weather, and no small children, it is in a great location to walk through Greenwich Village, SoHo, the Financial District, or down to Battery Park.The complimentary breakfast was one of the best that we've had at any hotel with a decent selection and made-to-order omelets. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2009 	A View To Die For	In my lifetime, I have visited many hotels, and by far, this is the best hotel I have ever stayed. The staff is very courteous and helpful. I have not encountered a problem that they weren't able to resolve. The rooms are clean and and well kept. The most appealing thing about the hotel is the location. I stayed at the corner room on the 10th floor and it has a view whose description rivals the title of a James Bond movie; it had a view to die for. I was able to see the Hudson River and New Jersey from one large window of the bedroom and the Statute Of Liberty from the other large window. The hotel is right across the street from Battery Park where you can walk along the water, as the water gently collides with the dike. Battery Park has a playground where the kids enjoyed playing. At nights, the City lights are simply breath- taking.Another great thing about this hotel is that they serve a free hot traditional American breakfast and not the cold continental breakfast that I received at other hotels. The hotel is part of larger complex consisting of other other restaurants, a movie theater, and New York Sports Club all within a very short walking distance. On the other side of the hotel across the street, close to ground zero, there are other excellent dining opportunities. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City.	
Oct 14 2009 	BEST HOTEL IN NYC	I came in as a guest in October of 2009 and I was absolutely thrilled with this hotel. This hotel is absolutely amazing. The staff was very hospitable and hotel has a great location/scenery. The hotel itself was beautiful. The front desk was aware that i was there on an aniversary trip. They placed me in a suite with the most beautiful view overlooking the hudson river into New Jersey ( with the statue of liberty right in the river). Tia was very hospitable and kind at the front desk. When she checked me in, she was very professional and answered all questions that I had. Also, may I add, Cheryl is a prize to that hotel. She really cares for guests that come through the door and Embassy Suites should take notice of her hospitability. She was simply the best and I will never forget this trip. It couldnt have gone any better! THANK YOU TO THE WHOLE STAFF!	
Oct 13 2009 	I want to move in	My wife and I are big fans of the Embassy Suites - we love getting more than just a tiny room. So when we decided to go to New York for the Fourth of July, we booked a room at the Embassy Suites in Battery Park, Manhattan. It was one of the best ideas we’ve ever had. This is a great place. First, I did a Mapquest; it was close or within walking distance to everything we wanted to do. And, I was able to self-park just two blocks away on Greenwich Street. Even more surprising, the hotel validated my ticket and saved me money on parking.Check-in was a breeze. The staff is very courteous and attentive. It appears to be a very well managed facility. And the rooms rock – very nice size, clean and up-to-date. We got a corner suite with two windows – one had a beautiful, big view of the Hudson River; the other a fantastic view of the Statue of Liberty. The room configuration allowed me to work or watch television in the living room without bothering my wife while she slept in the bedroom. Our only request was for a refrigerator to store leftovers – it was delivered promptly.The hotel has a bar on the second floor that has free happy hour every evening. They’ve also got a cafeteria that serves a complimentary breakfast, and I’m not just talking muffins, juice, and coffee here. I’m talking fresh, made-to-order omelets, bacon, pancakes, sausage, juice, toast, bagels, coffee – you get the idea – again this comes with the room.We returned for another visit with friends in late September and the stay was just as wonderful. The hotel is also close to a number of restaurants with outside seating overlooking the water. And there's a jogging/bike path along the river, and public tennis and basketball courts nearby. We'll definitely be back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfectly Located	Embassy Suites is located on the Waterfront's edge on North End and adjacent to the WTC area. It is a well run hotel with pleasant rooms, some with very nice views and lots of wonderful restaurants and shops close by. Its also the perfect place for walking all of SoHo, Tribeca, Greenwich Village, Chelsea, Little Italy, NoLita, Chinatown, the Financial District and Southport where water transportation is available. You never have to leave the waterfront to go for your run. And walking at night was completely safe, even at 12:30am as we walked SoHo on various streets between the waterfront and Broadway and North to the edge of Greenwich Village.	
Oct 11 2009 	Hard to beat the value in NYC despite some hassles	I stayed at the Embassy Suites with my husband and two small children for a family wedding. Check in was a bit of a hassle, they did not have the room we requested and when we got to the room, of course, the crib we requested was not there. After several phone calls over approximately 2.5 hours, it finally arrived (after the little one's bedtime).That said, the hotel property was very nice, clean, the rooms were clean and downright spacious - and the price was pretty reasonable for being in New York. The breakfast was quite a zoo on Saturday and Sunday mornings. I have never seen such chaos in an Embassy Suites hotel. By about 8:30 there were huge long lines and 20 minute waits for a sub-par cafeteria breakfast. The coffee was horrendous and the bagels were an embarrassment to New York. Again, the only thing that was right about it was the price (included with the room). Depsite the hassles, I would recommend this hotel. The hotel property was very nice and clean, and the room was clean and downright spacious for being in NYC. Just plan on going to the bagel store around the corner for breakfast and be ready to deal with less-than-attentive staff.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great size room even in NY City	I recently traveled to NYC with my college-age daughter, sister and her boyfriend. Our stay at The Embassy Suites was for the last three days of our trip, as we stayed one night in New Jersey for the U2 concert and one night in the UWS in the room my sister had booked. From the minute the doorman opened our cab door at The Embassy Suites, it was immediately clear that this would be a nice stay. Everyone from the bellmen to the person who brought us extra towels were professional. The room itself was more than we could have asked for - roomy and nicely decorated. There currently is construction going on next door, but it really didn't bother us and we figured, this is NY after all. There was also an event that weekend - I believe it was called Tunnel to Towers run, named after a firefighter who ran on foot from one of the bridges to help on 9/11. This made for a nice Sunday, as there was music and people milling about outside. On our last day, the bellmen stored our baggage (there is a charge for this, but worth it!) and also coordinated car service for us to get to JFK.All in all, the stay at this hotel was great and it will definitely be a part of our next trip.	
Oct 9 2009 	A wonderful hotel in NYC	My Mom, Daughter stayed here for 3 weeks while my daughter was at the Fashion Institute College. While my daughter was in class, my Mom and I would get off and on the city bus and would have fun. My daughter used the pull out sofa and had her own room and tv, while Mom and I had the bedroom and had our own tv. We saw a Carnival cruise ship right out our bedroom window. I'm so glad we stayed here instead of by broadway. I's quieter and more relaxing there. We would take a city bus and go to Battery Park and look at the boats and the Statue of Liberty.The only problem we had was they only had one washer and dryer for the whole hotel, so evenings and weekends were hard to get your wash done. We did ours after breadfast on a Wed. usually and had no problem then.We would definately come back again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Plenty of space in no-man's-land	The most noteworthy aspect of this property is its location: Battery Park City. While technically part of Manhattan, it feels like another country-- very bland, no night life, no shopping. It's a fine location if you don't plan to leave the hotel, or if you are exclusively concerned with business at the World Financial Center or in BPC. But, if you plan to have business or pleasure in other parts of the city, the location is a major drawback-- far from a subway, inconvenient and expensive for cabs, an inconvenient walk.On the other hand, the rooms are nearly as large as other Embassy Suites and the meeting rooms, breakfast room, and other amenities are perfectly in-line with a mid/lower tier business-class hotel. There are several casual dining options in the hotel or very close, as well as a movie theater. One outstanding feature is access to the large adjacent health club.The property is modern and in good condition. I found the cleanliness to be fine for NYC (but a bit dirty by the standards of most other US cities)-- mildew in the shower grout and the edges of the carpet hadn't been vacuumed in quite some time.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not the best location lots of construction	The Embassy Suites has one thing going for it - size of the rooms. Rooms in Manhattan are typically very small, but not at the Embassy. This really didn't matter much to me, as I was traveling alone. The location isn't the greatest, and there is A LOT of construction going on around the hotel - some can be attributed to the World Trade Center memorial. As far as the rooms go, they were fine - what you would expect from an Embassy Suites. The bathroom could've been a bit cleaner, but overall it was a pretty neutral experience.	
Oct 6 2009 	You could do worse . . .	I travel on business to NYC quite a bit. I stayed here for an extended stay in October 2009. This hotel is very generic. My room feels like it could be your basic midrange business hotel room anywhere in the US. The decoration is that kind of place with Sandstone instead of wood or granite, big, clunky hard-to-damage furniture, rugs with patterns that don't show the dirt . . . The location is right on the river. It's a bit out of the way (separated from &quot;genuine&quot; Tribeca by the Westside Highway). This is not the place you want to go on your honeymoon. But it's a perfectly fine (somewhat downmarket) business option.The rooms are pretty large (there's a bedroom and a sitting area). Bathrooms are totally generic. Breakfast in the mornings is okay -- reminded me a bit of the dormitory food in college (same type of selection). There's a DSW shoe store and movie theater right in the hotel, and lots of lunch time eating options. The river walk is nice. The gym is great for a hotel gym -- it's the New York Sports Club, connected right to the hotel, and you don't get a better option than this in terms of a gym. I can't say a lot of great things about the place (except that the gym is way better than most hotels), but not a lot of bad things either.	
Sep 29 2009 	Wonderful	The front desk were very friendly. Aida was very helpful and informative. Breakfast was delicious! What a view!&quot;	
Sep 29 2009 	Giving me a smoking room is a deal breaker	Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. On the plus side, the rooms are great for NYC, very spacious. Not highest end, but not at all bad. But I didn't want to hang out in the room because...On the minus side --1. despite requesting a non-smoking room, I got the smokiest room of all time. When I asked if there was any chance of a change I got a very curt response, but maybe that's just NY. It smelt terrible, and I couldn't sleep at all the first night. Leaving the window open for 24 hours helped and the next night was OK, though very noisy.2. Staff were not helpful and not friendly. No soap in the room either day. I had to argue to take a fake minibar charge off the bill. Check in took forever as one person was on the phone for 20 minutes, and the other was sorting out some huge problem for the couple in front of me.	
Sep 23 2009 	Service was outstanding -- especially Alfiya Koval at the front desk	I have stayed at this hotel several nights almost every week for the past year. I have been very pleased with the hotel and with the service given to me by the staff. I would particularly mention Ms. Koval who has handled my reservations and solved any problems I might have during my stay. She is often the first person I see when I check in and is always professional and pleasant. For a frequent business traveler, the way you are treated by hotel staff is very important. Alfiya Koval is one of the best I have dealt with. She is exactly the type of representative every hotel should strive to have on its staff in positions where the employee has to regularly interact with the guests.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very Nice!	This was a very nice hotel.We enjoyed our stay very much. The beds were comfortable, the ammenities were great, the service was great. Great location.	
Sep 16 2009 	Overpriced not great location 	My girlfriend &amp;I felt that the hotel was overpriced for what it actually was. We were expecting a suite like you find in a hotel but this was more like a middle of the road hotel room. So it does have a living area and separate bedroom with tv's in both rooms but they are very basic and the double bed was tiny. The bathroom was very basic also.On the plus side you do get a free buffet breakfast every morning and free drinks every evening between 1730-1930. The location is a bit out of the way near ground zero but this can be good when you want to escape the hustle &amp; bustle of NYC. Chambers St Subway is about 7 miutes walk away which is handy for getting around. Overall we were not too impressed as the hotel had mainly positive reviews but we felt they were too kind. I know NY is pricey for hotels but i'm sure there must be better out there at the same price!	
Sep 14 2009 	Good size rooms but not up to Embassy standards	This Embassy has nice size rooms and great beds, but did not otherwise meet standards of others in the chain. Upon check-in, there was a problem with our reservation and we had to wait almost half an hour to resolve issue. Then, two days into our five day stay they left a receipt under the door - when we checked with front desk they thought we were checking out - don't understand why since we had solid confirmation. Then, when we checked into room, there was mold in the shower and on the the shower curtain. Being tired after long day of travel, we waited until next morning to report. They did clean up, but this was very poor housekeeping. And, the concierge was very rude. The first night, he made a dinner reservation for us. When we went to ask simple question two days later, he was very abrupt and unwilling to help. The only thing we can figure is that he expected a tip for making the reservation - but we had been planning to tip at the end of our stay. Needless, to say we did not seek his help again. But, this was very poor customer service.	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice hotel but...	Nice hotel, good service, very good breakfast. The location is great. My daughter woke up after the first night on the sleeper sofa with many bites on her arm and the doctor thinks it was bedbugs. I hope we have not brought them home! Ther parking is very expensive and the Internet is NOT free.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the Emabssy Suites for 7 nights and i can not think of anything negative to say about it.The suites were very spacious and very clean.The breakfast had a great selection to choose from there was also a managers special for 2 hours at night with free drink and snacks only managed to go once as i was to busy exploring New York.The hotel is a 10 minute walk to Chamber Street subway bought a 7 day ticket for 27 dollars which was excellent value can travel all over on the subway with it.I will use this hotel again when i return to New york for a visit.Plenty of eating places surrounding the hotel and also nearby dont let the out of town location put you of only 10 minutes in the tube to Times Square	
Sep 7 2009 	Awesome	The hotel is located next to the Hudson River and a block from Ground Zero. The staff was extremely courteous. Breakfast is good, but crowded. One negative is the mini-bar refrigerator. We used it to keep my infant's milk cold and I was charged each time we opened the refrigerator door. Those charges were removed without any hassle. Other negative is that you are charged for accessing the internet from your room. You can use the internet and printer for free in the business center.	
Sep 7 2009 	Loved it!	Stayed over labor day weekend with the kids to do lower Manhatten/Statue of Liberty. We all loved our stay at the Embassy Suites. We go to New York once or twice a year and have stayed in numerous areas and this was by far our favorite hotel for the price. We found the location wonderful. We could walk to great restaurants in Tribeca in 10 minutes. It is a beautiful 20 min walk to Castle Clinton ( Statue of Liberty) via the esplanade. The walk was fabulous with beautiful views. Right across from the hotel was the Irish Hunger Memorial...a true gem. We walked to Chinatown in about 25 minutes. Other pluses- a suite in NYC that is huge and inexpensive, free made to order breakfast and free cocktails are some great perks. The room was very clean and bed comfortable.No it is not close to midtown, but take a cab or the subway and enjoy being away from the craziness at the end of the day.	
Sep 7 2009 	Stay away from the river-side rooms!	Just came back from a great trip to NYC. Stayed 3 nights at the Embassy Suites and requested a room with a view of the river. Preferred a room with 2 dble beds since we were with kids, but those are only available in the interior of the hotel. Got a nice size suite with a king and pull-out couch. The views are wonderful, but the noise is awful! At 6am there are buses, taxis and constructions trucks honking their horns (despite a no-honking law); ferry boats blasting their horns startling you awake. Unless you really want a view, opt for a quieter room. The hot breakfasts are great, as is the evening receptions. Concierge was very helpful with directions. A couple of good restaurants with outdoor seating overlooking the river in the building across the street.	
Sep 1 2009 	I'd stay here again!	We stayed at the Embassy Suites earlier this month and had a great time. Room was excellent as were the facilities within. A special thanks to all the front desk staff, especially Erika who helped with every one of mine and my wife's queries. Next time we are in New York, we'll definitely stay here again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Rave - Magdalena	I know I appreciate it when customers take the time to send me a note about service well done by my employees, we call that feedback raves. Well I wanted you to know I averaged approximately three visits a month to the Embassy Suites Hotel at 102 North End Avenue in NYC this past year. I have been visiting this hotel off and on for the past eight years. I must say the service the past year has never been better. The reason is due to an attentive guest service agent staff. In particular, Magdalena goes above and beyond to ensure I feel like I am coming to a place where my patronage is appreciated. She makes me feel like I have a home away from home, which I must say is unique compared to other hotels. The show Cheers best summed it, by saying &quot;Sometimes you want to go, where they always know your name and their always glad you came&quot;. That is why The Embassy Suites is always my hotel of choice, job well done.	
Aug 27 2009 	What more could you ask for?	I have recently stayed at the Embassy Suites hotel in NYC with my husband and our children, from check-in to check-out and everything in-between we loved every part of our stay. I had two rooms booked with two-double beds, since the hotel was sold out and no connecting rooms were availabe we asked Magda at the front desk if she could upgrade us to waterfront suites next to each other. With a smile on her face she checked the inventory and our wish was granted, it was an awesome start to our vacation. Magda informed us about the hotel facilities, the complimentary breakfast and the most important thing - the happy hour. She had Francisco help us with our luggage, what a lovely gentelman he is, when we got to the room we were stunned with the amazing view and with the service that we had received so far. Our suitekeeper, I think her name was Barbra was very nice and accomodating as well, she got us all of the extras that we needed for the room. Unfortunately after a lot of sightseeing it was time for us to go back home :( We will definitely be staying at the Embassy Suites NYC during our next NYC trip.	
Aug 27 2009 	Terrific hotel!	Wonderful hotel! We stayed here Aug 7-9. They offered us an early check-in (we got there at noon) for a third floor room, or we could wait for a room with a view to be ready. We took the early check in. I was a bit surprised the even offered us the view room as we had booked through Expedia and paid a pre-paid rate of $137/nt. The hotel appeared fresh and clean – hallways and stairways had been recently painted. The room was a nice size, clean and the bed was comfortable. Unlike most Embassy Suites there is no refrigerator in the room, however there is room for one and we were told we could have one upon request. The hallways and stairways had been recently painted.Breakfast was good, plenty of hot and cold choices – we enjoyed the chocolate chip pancakes. They have a lot of tables available, both in the breakfast room and right outside it in the atrium. We had breakfast at 8am Sat, 9am Sun and walked through the atrium at 10am and there were always some tables available. The manager’s reception is busy but the bartenders were friendly and efficient. All of the staff, (front desk, breakfast room, housecleaning) were polite, friendly and performed their jobs diligently. The front desk staff is ready with answers to any questions. We heard them give advice on the subways, directions, tourist sites, etc. and provided brochures. Despite the 10 min walk to the subway, I think this hotel is in a great location. Across the street from the hotel is Rockefeller Park. It has a wonderful playground, and if you head North you’ll find some Tom Otterness sculptures. If you head south you pass the World Financial Center. If you go out the back entrance of the hotel, turn right and walk ½ a block you are at the World Financial Center/Winter Garden. There is a drug store, retail shopping and several restaurants (check out www.worldfinancial center.com to see a list of stores/restaurants). Two of the restaurants have outside dining along the Hudson and The Battery Park City Esplandade. The Esplanade is a tree lined walk along the Hudson – beautiful. There were plenty of people around the Esplanade at night as well. Really nice to sit and watch the water after a busy day of sightseeing.Another good website to check out is www.downtownny.com. You can order a free map of the downtown area, and get a brochure of restaurants in the area. Stone St. is a nearby cobblestoned street with a lot of restaurants.We really enjoyed our stay here and will definitely be back!	
Aug 27 2009	This hotel is the real deal -	This hotel has it all - great service, location, great rooms and an amazing staff. I received kind professional service from the time I booked our room until the time that we checked out. Cheryl, Jessica, Keri, Denise and Magda were the most accommodating personnel that I have ever encountered in my travels. Everyone from the bell captains to the bartenders and housekeeping were very accommodating. I would highly recommend this hotel for a great stay in the Big Apple especially if you want to have a little room to breathe away from the more congested areas of the city.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Hotel great service great location!	This hotel offered more than I expected! I had full breakfast every morning included in my rate plus complimentary drink per night, which was a plus. There is a movie theater connected to the hotel, plenty of restaurants connected to the hotel, including chevy's (mexican). 5 dollar cab ride to china town. I could see the statue of liberty from my room, the entrance to ferry was right across the street! The room was spacious, with a seperate living room from your bedroom. The staff was very helpful. Special thanks to Armando and Morris who helped with facilitating my trip to the airport. Have them get you a private car to the airport with Ken (Hicksville Limousine) service 40$ to the LGA airport! Overall great hotel, I will continue to recommend this hotel!	
Aug 24 2009 	Great rooms great service great hotel!	I was with some friends from out of town and we decided to spend a night out in NYC. We booked our room at the Embassy Suites downtown NYC. From start to finish, we truly enjoyed our stay. The person at the front desk name Jessica, was very friendly &amp; helpful; she informed us of the happy hour in the afternoon and continental breakfast in the morning which we were all unaware of. I was impressed with both events and the food at the breakfast was great. Awesome omelets! The rooms were very big and cozy. The hotel was in great condition and kept very clean. It was also in a great location downtown (a few minutes walk from the PATH trains). I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in NYC and will most certainly be staying there again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good value for NYC	I live on Long Island but wanted a place to stay for a couple of nights to avoid all of the commuting. The Embassy Suites offered a great weekend deal of $179 a night (with AAA discount). The included breakfast makes it so easy with the family. The breakfast area is a little small so go a little early if you don't want to wait for a table. The location is not the best for visiting the midtown and Central Park area museums, but the great value easily compensates for the additional subway rides. We walked to Chinatown. It was a long walk, but not too bad. The complimentary happy hour is great if you can make it back in time. I am sure we will stay here again. Parking is $60/night so take the train.Plus, the place was recently refurnished. The sleeper sofa was actually firm and comfortable! My son was grateful.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great location great value	We live only an hour away in Central NJ, but needed a place to stay in the city for a night and we decided to go only a few days before. Rates were comparable to other hotels in the vicinity, but the others had standard size rooms - not two room suites, nor breakfast included.Location is extremely convenient - walking distance to the PATH/subway, and a stone's throw to the World Financial Center ferries. Walk out the front door and you're in the middle of everything. Walk out the back and you're in a megaplex movie theatre (don't even have to go outside).We were in the city early and took a chance that maybe we could check-in early...at 12:30. Not even a flinch from the desk clerk - we were in our suite about 10 minutes later and able to enjoy the rest of the day. I ran the NYC 1/2 Marathon on Sunday (finish line at Battery Park - walking distance), and afterwards was just looking forward to a shower, breakfast and unwinding. So upon returning I asked about a possible late check-out. Again, not even a flinch and were offered a 1PM check-out.We had a problem with the honor bar (looked like prior folks went to town on it and we didn't want to get charged). I mentioned it at the desk, shortly after someone came by took care of everything and gave us something for our troubles (it wasn't even any trouble for us in the first place). Housekeeping staff is extremely friendly - all greeted us when passing by in the hallways.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great good service	Such a fantastic hotel and the location was good too. It is just around the corner from ground zero &amp; centry21 and a small walk to the subway. We loved the free happy hour and the room was extra clean.we will be back&gt;	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent	We chose this hotel because of the other ratings found online. Embassy Suites Hotel New York City has lots of pluses: comfortable, clean room (we got upgraded to a King suite!), really accomodating front end help and good breakfast.The staff was cordial and super accommodating, one bellman in particular (his name is Morris) went out of his way and found us a cab that took us to the woodbury mall and recommended some really fun places in the chelsea are of NYC. He also made sure, after checking out, to get us a cab quickly to catch our flight back home on time. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back and recommend it to out friends. But this Hotel really is the people that work there. They are friendly and accomodating and no request stumped them.	
Aug 20 2009 	Downtown New York? Stay Here!	The hotel has a nice location. It is right across the World Financial Center to one side and to the other a magnificent view of the Hudson River. They have free breakfast everyday and also, there is what they called “Manager’s Reception” every afternoon, where you can have your favorite cocktail. Without a doubt, the highlight of this hotel is the high-quality staff. From room service and housekeepers, to the check-in staff, they are all five star personnel. If you are to check in this hotel, I recommend you wait in line until Keni is available. He makes sure you feel at home, and the best of all, he understands the guest… so you will definitively will get a room that fits your needs. Close to the elevator, the gym, low floor, quiet? He will make sure it happens. The cook-to-order breakfast is fantastic… feeling like having an omelet with anything possible inside, stay in this hotel… It has all the main train lines within walking distance, and the path to the NJ Train is also close… now if you feel like taking the ferry to NJ, just cross the street. It is probably the best hotel in the Downtown area, and one of the bests in NYC. Maybe it is not close to Time Square, but who wants to get out of the hotel and bump into a million people?	
Aug 19 2009 	bad hotel management and outside construction ruin brand-new rooms in good location	6-day stay in three suites with 4 teenagersHotel is located in a construction zone, very unfinished. The rooms are big and new but the matresses are very softProblem#1 : there is blood on the wall of the room, the manager comes in to verify, tells us it will be cleaned the next day and sends wine and cheese to apologize, these things can happen and it was cleaned the next day although I think the manager could have done it himself that night with a kleenex.Problem#2: nobody picks up dirty dishes from room service in the hallway, despite two phone calls to pick it up it is not done, some old plate of ribs stays there more than 24h. tonite a garbage bag and a bag of dirty sheets were lying on the floor in front of our room when we came back at 6pm. I had to call for it to be taken away.Problem#3: on the third day all 6 electronic keys stopped working, It took me twenty minutes to get a new one (elevators crowded because of an interview marathon for law students in the hotel and bell boy say service elevators are not working, then line at front desk then the person tells me I MUST have changed something in my reservation and no apology or even a smile)Problem#4: Construction is very noisy on our side: walls are trembling (room 1003,4,5)Problem#5: Staff is not trained properly: In the breakfast room (I go very early to get a quiet moment) busboys yell across the room to converse to each other, they throw the mugs in their bins without a care for noise; at the front desk you are not greeted you are managed and quite inefficiently, the maids deposit a card at 11am that says you have to call to get the room done (obviously late sleepers are not convenient to them), nobody says hello (one exception the greeter in the breakfast room is lovely and does her job with care) THE STAFF IS NOT ATTENTIVE AND EAGER TO PLEASE GUESTS.	
Aug 19 2009 	If you like animals and bed bugs...	I've stayed at many Embassy Suites in the US for business and this hotel was by far the worst. This was my second time here-the first time was in April with my family-the kids had found a mouse in the sleeper sofa. This time I came for business (my client is located actross the street) and was bitten by bed bugs all over my feet and legs. I had contacted the front desk and the clerk tried to convince me it was mosquitos. I will never stay here again	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Hotel	This hotel was a great place to stay. The location was away from all the congestion of nyc however was located close enough to the subways to make it easy to get to them. The walkto the subway was about 4 blocks. However the view of the Hudson river was beautiful. It was very nice to be able to come back to a tranquil setting after a busy day amongst the crowds. You are right at Ground zero. Make sure you visit the visitor center and the firehouse right there on Liberty. Very emotional. The rooms were large and very clean. the staff was very helpful. Mixed reviews on the concierge. The one on the night we arrived was extremely helpful. He arranged tickets to see Mary Poppins for that evening. Great show. However one day the concierge on at the time we sent my 22 year old daughter to ask about a good italian restuarant...he ignored her and her boyfriend, allowing older customers to go ahead of her. then he dismissed their questions . I know this to be true because I was standing right there to hear the whole thing. Rude. The breakfast was great. We would definitely go back ther.	
Aug 18 2009 	Positive choice	Selected based on tripadvisor members review. Reality matched the reviews. A good choice. Good size room. Bathroom separated so convenient when you also sleep in sofa bed: allows privacy for all. Restaurants across the street in financial center (not in hotel). Only breakfast and cocktail available. Cocktail : finger foods (chips...) with drinks. Riverside park across street from hotel so very pleasant. Also a ferry going to NJ in front of hotel (allowing also to access statue of liberty tours if manhattan tours are booked for your days). Ground zero just next block. Brooklyn brigde and South Seaport at walking distance, same for liberty tours. So a great location for a set of NY visits. .The suites on the side are on lobby with a window so more light and traffic if you have people using sofa bed. They could be awake by passage and atrium noise around breakfast time. No problem for us as walked up early. If you use to cook in room (microwave) they deliver plates for your use. So all in all, very convenient, much more than other hotel experienced in NY previous times.We then moved to central park location for other sites for 2 more days	
Aug 13 2009 	We loved the hotel perfect stay!	The hotel is wonderful. The rooms were so clean and large for party of 4. The cleaning lady was great she was checking on us and making sure we have evertything we need. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great service	We arrived early in the morning after 5 days in Vegas, the front office was so good, The hotel was sold out the night before and they did not had any rooms for us. They gave us access to their breakfast room and by the time we finished the room was ready for us.We were happy since check in time is 4pm. The room was very clean and large compare to other NYC hotels. We will defiantly will come back next year.	
Aug 12 2009 	Nice Hotel in the Financial District	I just returned from a 5 nite stay at the Embassy Suites in Uptown Manhattan. Very nice location as home base to see Statue of Liberty, Coney Island etc... Subway about a 15 minute walk will get you anywhere else you would like to go.Pros...Nice cooked to order breakfast, managers reception is good for drinks and snacks, directly across the street from Battery City which has lovely views of the Hudson River, Many parks and playgrounds close by, very safe neighborhood.Cons...$60. a day to park your car with no in and out privliges, area surrounding hotel is under HEAVY construction, This perticular Embassy doesn't have mini refrigerators in all the rooms ( if you call and request one they will deliver and set it up for you)All in all this was a very nice hotel for the money in NYC. I would stay there again but maybe wait until the construction of the Freedom Tower is complete.The staff is very helpful at this hotel and the concierge staff was a great source of info they really know the city very well. There are also 5 restaurants right in the hotel and a drug store right across the street.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotel	This is an extremely nice hotel. Very chic, great location- close to all the downtown attractions (empire state, battery park, NYU, Little Italy etc).Comes with free breakfast AND cocktail hour!!! Total DEAL!!We loved it and will be back.	
Aug 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel quiet location right on the hudson river	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a week in December for New Year and loved the hotel. This is part of the Hilton Group of hotels so we knew it would be niceWhen booking the holiday through expedia we were told it was a '15 minute' walk from times square..... more like 15 minutes on the subway but we werent disappointed. The hotel was right on the hudson river and even in december most days were sunny so we got a lovely view and loads of good pictures! Breakfast was included which was nice but we didnt eat it everyday as some was very greasy!The hotel staff were friendly and conceirge was helpfull with trips and sightseeing! The subway was about a 10 minute walk so not too bad. I would advise any ladies going to wear flat comfy shoes. I got blisters just from wearing flat shoes from all the walking but it was worth it! The room was nice with a living room, bedroom and bathroom. If your not having anything from the minibar dont touch anything as they are all on sensors which will add items to your bill if you move them. Bed was soo comfy, just sunk into the bed and pillows just what you need after all that walking!The hotel is also near ground zero and wall street for anyone interested. Also near the boat to the statue of liberty which we didnt go on coz of the two hour queue!We did use the subway alot which was easy enough to use and got a taxi back if it was late.The taxis all have maps in the back so you can see where you are as some did seem to go the 'long way round' so just beware!I would love to go back to New York and even though this was a lovely hotel i would probably stay somewhere different next time. Also on our last day we did go to the cinema which was attached to the hotel whilst waiting for our transfer. One last thing i would definately recommend booking a transfer as the traffic was very slow going into the city and a taxi would of cost a lot	
Aug 7 2009 	Better than expected - it was great	Just returned from a trip to NYC and stayed here with my partner and our 3 grown up children aged 22-16 and the daughters boyfriend! We booked 2 rooms with three of us staying in each. The suites were very spacious by UK sizes and US I would have thought. The bedroom was huge and the lounge area too, we made the sofa bed up each night in the lounge which was no problem. Housekeeping put it away for us if we didnt get round to it before she went in. The staff were very efficient and in the main friendly. We had a slight problem with the key card not working a couple of times caused they said by it coming into contact with a credit card or electronic device while we were out with it??The complimentary breakfast we found was great as we could just get up have it and not have to start the day thinking where to have breakfast. Plenty to choose from, it did get busy but we tried to go before half 8 and then it was OK. The managers happy 2 hour with free alcoholic drinks between 5.30 and 7.30 went down well with us too. Soft drinks are free anyway so the under 21's were happy too and they give you vouchers to use for wine/beer etc so if you dont use them one night you can carry them over to the next.We were a bit worried about the location and it being too far away from the hustle and bustle around Times Square area but we mastered the subway (nearest station 10 mins away and used cabs as an alternative if we were too tired to walk far in the evening. A cab to Little Italy cost 7 dollars for 4. I would recommend the area for good food at a reasonable price. There are limo style cabs waiting outside the hotel all the time ( a bit pricey even for a group - dont be tempted) and yellow cabs dropping off and picking up all the time so there is no problem with availability. We actually found the area quite scenic overlooking the river with a walk along the esplanade that takes you all the way to Battery Park and beyond. Beware the restaurants in the World Financial Centre just over the road from the hotel. Convenient but expensive and on the occasion we went not that good quality, with a mandatory 20% tip for parties of 6 or more and main courses at around 20 dollars each it made for a very expensive dinner.We would definitely stay at the Embassy Suites again if we were in a large party - it did what it said on the tin - very well!!	
Aug 5 2009 	Enjoyable stay at Embassy Suites	Our stay at the Embassy Suites in July, 2009 was generally enjoyable. Check-in at 4:00 on a Saturday afternoon was quick and easy. We were given a room on the 14th floor facing the Hudson River. The suite was large by New York standards, furnishings were pretty standard for Embassy Suites and were in good condition. The room was clean. Unlike most Embassy Suites, there is no guest refrigerator, only the mini-bar one that charges you for an item if you move it from its electronic sensor. Soon after checking in housekeeping came by with 2 bottles of water (for being a Hilton HHONORS member). The suite was quiet and be bed comfortable. Air conditioning worked fine. The door between the bedroom and living room was opaque glass, not solid wood, so if you wanted to keep one room dark for sleeping while the other one was lit that could be a problem, but we didn't have that need so no problem for us.The exercise facilities were very nice. There is a large public gym in the building that guests can access through a back door with a combination lock (they give you the code when you check in). On Sunday morning the place was pretty much empty.We missed the evening reception, but did go down for breakfast. They do have signs warning that it gets busy after 9:30, and they were right. When I passed by on my way to the gym at around 9:00 the lines were still pretty short, but by 9:45 it was about a 10 minute wait on either the cooked to order line (the one I chose) or the hot buffet line. The food was pretty standard for Embassy Suites (so it was pretty good). There were a few annoying things though. While you could get an omlette on the cooked to order line, if you wanted potatoes, bacon, or sausage with it, you had to wait another 10 minutes in the hot buffet line (while your omlette got cold). They were not available from the person who cooked the omlette. For some items, like pancakes, there was no need to wait on line at all, but there was no way to know that when you arrived. All you could see were the 3 lines for cooked to order, hot buffet, and cold buffet (I think was the 3rd). This was also the first Embassy Suites I've been to that did not have trays. This may have actually cut down on spills, but meant that you had to find a table, put down what you could carry on the first trip, and make multiple trips back in to get other items. The staff was very good about cleaning off tables though, so although it was very busy, I was able to quickly find a table.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great for families and any other travellers - been twice and would go again!	We have stayed at the Embassy Suites New York on two occassions. The first in December 2006 when we travelled with our 4 small children from Australia and the second time in October 2008 when we went to the USA without the kids.On both occasions we have been more than happy with the location, the service, the rooms, the complimentary buffet breakfast and everything else the hotel has to offer.The rooms accommodate large families comfortably. On our first visit we had a bedroom with two double beds (the kids were small enough to all share the 2nd double and there was no need to use the sofa bed in the lounge) and on the 2nd visit we opted for 1 king bed rather than two doubles.On entering the room itself you enter into the lounge/dining area which is decorated in modern furnishings and has a TV with too many channels to choose from! The bathroom is between the lounge and bedroom and is of a high standard with marble vanity area and a combined bath and shower. There is a small kitchenette area and minibar fridge (one that is unable to be emptied to put your own supplies in!) with sink and microwave.I can not fault the rooms at all and we surely stay there again.On our 2nd visit we discovered that there is a cinema complex at the back of the hotel (near the rear exit) which would have been handy when we were there with the kids perhaps.There is also a business centre for those of you needing one.The buffet breakfast was always of a high standard and caters for most breakfast preferences. The made to order omelettes and pancakes were delicious and they even fry your eggs to how you like them! Other breakfast foods on offer were various cereals, fruit, yoghurt, bagels and pastries, cold meats, toast, bacon, sausages, beans...there is bound to be something you like.The hotel itself is 1 block from Ground Zero - which you walk past to get to the nearest tube station. The entry of which is infront of the Trinity Church.The hotel is only meters from the Hudson River (of which you can see from each level of the hotel through the massive glass walled atrium) and I must say this is my favourite part of New York as there is a lovely walk along the river with views to the Statue of Liberty. The walk takes you all the way to Battery Park where you can catch a ferry to Ellis Island or Statue of Liberty.We liked the fact that the hotel is away from the hustle and bustle that is New York but close enough to transportation. The hop on/off bus tours stop within walking distance of hotel too which was another bonus.We have stayed at the Embassy Suites in Niagara Falls also - and from our experiences can not recommend the Embassy Suites Chain at all and will always stay with them for future travel in the USA. Infact a friend of ours is doing a trip to the USA in September and I have booked her into several Embassy Suites hotels as I know they will meet all her needs.I only wish I had thought to take photos of the rooms - I only took pics of the front of the building and the view from the Atrium.If you have ANY questions I am more than happy to try and answer them for you.	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice and Quiet!	Secured a great rate for my family of four (around $189 pre-paid). We loved the location of the hotel - right along the Hudson adjacent to the Irish Potato Famine Memorial which is interesting in itself. Right after we checked in we took a walk along the riverwalk.The staff was very professional and accomodated our request for a high floor room. There are many great restaurants within a square block including a Chevy's, Applebee's, and a couple of others. We chose New York SW (Southwest) which had patio seating and a reasonably priced menu. The breakfast was fine - cooked to order omelettes, buffet items, pastries, etc. There was no rhyme or reason to the number of people in the restaurant for breakfast - one minute there would be no one in line for an omelette, the next there would be ten. Two subway lines are about a 10-15 minute walk and about another 15-20 minutes to reach midtown. Battery Park and just about everywhere you need to visit downtown is about 20-30 minutes by foot which we did without any trouble. There is a lot of construction in the neighborhood on the former Twin Towers site but it is easy to get around. About the only thing we missed at the hotel was a pool. The athletic club was well-stocked with equipment and even though it is not owned by the hotel, there was no fee. But what we really liked was the peace and quiet of a business district neighborhood at night - nice and quiet, no crowds, no traffic. Just lovely.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Amazing View and Great Location - Great Price!!!	Just spent an amazing long weekend of 5 nights at the Embassy Suites in Downtown Manhattan. Stayed at the Embassy with 3 young children and it was an ideal hotel at a very good price. We had room 1412 which is a fantastic room as you have a wonderfull view over the Hudson river. They said it was the best view and you'll see from the photo that its true. You may not be so lucky but we asked for a high floor room with a view and got this. The room is a little smaller than I'd ideally like but fine for a family of 5. We slept in the sofa bed which was ok but a little firm! The 3 kids shared the two double beds. Don't worry about the location being downtown, taxis are really cheap in NY and you can be in midtown in 10 minutes for $10-15. We tried the Metro but thats too much walking with young kids so just used taxis (and the Metro is not that nice). The location is also great for going to the Statue of Liberty and seeing the re-building of the twin towers area. The hotel itself is very new and very clean. Breakfast was fantastic, lots of selection and no queues if you are early - kids just loved the food. There is a mexican restaraunt in the hotel which has really great food and nice service and there is even a cinema in the same building which was brilliant one afternoon when the tired kids wanted to watch Ice Age 3 and rest their feet!!! There is a lovelly childrens park just across the street on the river and lots of places to eat all around in the financial world center. Really recommend staying here if you have a young family. Also took a quick look in the fitness room and it was huge - pity I don't work out!! We met up with friends who stayed in a very expensive hotel in mid town with a view over a building site!!! They paid more for two nights than we did for 5 nights and our view was fantastic. Go for this hotel and ask for a view of the Hudson.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great value for New Youk	This was our first visit to New Your City. Booked hotel because we always try to stay at a suites hotel. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpfull. On check in they gave us a habor view room even though we had not paid for upgrade. Great view overlooking Battery Park and harbor. We could see Statue of Liberty from room. Hotel is right across the street fro The World Finacial Center and one block from Ground Zero. Close to Wall Street and China Town. We were afraid it would be to far from Broadway and Times square but with Subway system it was only about 10 minutes. Suite was large and comfortable. Only complaint is no refridgearator in room. Fantastic free breakfast and managers reception with free drinks and snaks. When we return we will definitly stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	An excellent place to stay	The hotel is wonderful. The rooms were clean. The cleaning staff was wonderful. The internet worked well. The hotel is right near the water. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good location great stay	Good location- near Winter Gardens and Battery Cark City, overlooking Hudson river. Area seemed safe at night. $15 dollar taxi ride from Penn station/ Times square, but worth it for 4 of us at night. During the day we walked or used subway. Suites comfortable and clean, with coffee maker, microwave and mini bar. Warned not to use mini bar by bell-boy, as items very expensive. However, housekeeping would bring you a fridge if you requested it, to keep your own items in. Suite had 2 double beds (small doubles) and sofa bed, so could potentially sleep 6 people, but that would be a squeeze! Enough room for our party of 2 adults and 2 very grown up kids (18 and 21)! Breakfast buffet vey good. Good selection of cooked foods, cereal, fruit and yoghurt, breads and pastries. Cooked to order omelettes were excellent. Queues built up at busy times, but we managed to avoid them by going to breakfast early. Good value for money for a party of 4 adults. Would definitely recomend this hotel and stay here again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Below Embassy Suites Standards	I know that New York is unique and I know that the ES New York is located in a very busy area (major constructions going on around the hotel and the World Trade Centre construction site just around the corner) but that's a challange I would be willing to accept (as the hotel is located just opposite to my office in NY). The main problem with the ES in New York is the extremely poor service and the additonal noise levels they create. Check in was ok as I did use the self checking. Minibar was 2 third empty when we got to the room (Saturday) and was never filled (we did leave the next Thursday). We asked 3 times for someone to refill...nothing happened. Rooms very not really cleaned. They did not clean the bathrooms. I did even write to the General Manager, so far no response. I have spend many nights in this hotel in 2008 and somehow had the impression that I was in a totallly different place. The staff is not the same as it was last year. Totally not interested. My advice: do not go there if you do not have to be for business in that corner of the city. .Next time I will try the Millenium again.....take the noise but at least the rest is ok.	
Jul 21 2009 	The Standard of Service Has Been Retained	It has been a couple of years since we have reviewed this property - however, it is important to keep everything current. The hotel is clean, well-maintained, and aesthetically pleasing. The most important part is that they take PRIDE in their customer service. The service is anticipatory.Yes, it is a bit removed from the tourist areas - this is a GOOD THING. Battery Park is quiet, safe and well-situated for the family or business traveler.The subway is about a four block walk, and the 2 train gets to Times Square in three stops (express). The free breakfast is outstanding, and the happy hour makes for a nice way to unwind from a busy day.Tuesdays and Wednesdays offer free movies (it was raining the Tuesday we were there) at the adjoining theater - what an excellent perk.This is a 5 star hotel in every sense of the word!	
Jul 19 2009 	Amazing hotel! Absolutly amazing!!	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend in December, and it was the best! The rooms are massive, living room, bar area and bedroom. 2 plasma tvs. We had the Statue of Liberty as our view and at night it was breathtaking. The breakfast was gorgeous. There is a cinema in the hotel and a pizza parlour 5 mins around the corner. Thereis also free internet access. The staff are very nice and helpful.I would definatly stay in this hotel again, couldn't fault it at all!	
Jul 9 2009 	Incredible service and location	Very clean and spacious bedroom with riverview even if we used Priceline Name your own price. We also appreciated their complimentary drinks and breakfast (plenty of fruits, eggs, bagels, fresh juice). The hotel is also close to subway, Century 21, DSW. The neighbourhood is also very quiet and safe at night.The only negative thing is the elevators...they are very slow but remember you're on vacation and it won't bother you anymore.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great stay if you want quiet	We stayed for a week at the Embassy Suites. It was in a great neighborhood, and was very quiet. The breakfast and drinks/snacks in the evening really add to the value. Friendly staff, super beds.the only thing I would say is that it is out-of-the-way from attractions and a hike to the subway. If you don't mind walking and travlling a bit to get to museums etc. it's a great place	
Jul 5 2009 	excellent stay every time	My husband and I stayed there two times. The suites are spacious with comfortable bed and microwave and a fridge. We rather to stay there and take the $10 cap ride to times square and major attractions instead of having a tiny and noisy room that most hotels offer in New York near attractions. The breakfast is good but gets a bit crowded. They offer 1 free cocktail per person every night. I have stayed in other hotels in New York before but Embassy suites is the most comfortable.	
Jun 25 2009 	No frills hotel in Downtown Manhattan	Based on the size of the room alone, I would stay at the Embassy Suites again, but only for a reasonable price. This hotel offers straight forward no frills accommodations in a city with a wide variety of options. If you're traveling with more than 2 people, this hotel is perfect, the suite with two rooms will be a saving grace amongst the small rooms typically offered in the city. The hotel itself is outdated and could certainly use a refresher, but I enjoyed the location, especially being so close to Battery Park. A short walk down the river will offer some amazing views of the Brooklyn Bridge and Statue of Liberty! however, if you want to be in the middle of all the action, this isn't the place, the only action you're in the middle of is a bunch of construction.The free cocktail hour and breakfast were not appealing to me, they were both crowded and offered bottom of the barrel food/beverage (but it's &quot;free&quot; so I guess I shouldn't complain.In short, if you are traveling with more than 2 people and can get a room here for less than $150, go for it! I myself, wouldn't pay much more.	
Jun 25 2009 	Love this Hotel	This was our second trip to NYC and our second time at this hotel. Once again, it proved to be the perfect NY hotel. With 3 college students, it accommodates all of us well. Lots of mirrors, nice size bathroom with a bar sink as well makes getting dressed go pretty smoothly. The hotel is beautiful, as many have commented... soaring atrium with a view of the Hudson each day! Breakfast was wonderful and wait staff were so hospitable.The location is good - a movie theater right outside the hotel, lots of good restaurants nearby. Subway is about a 10 minute easy walk. Close to Little Italy, Canal St. shopping and Century 21. Hotel staff are professional, efficient and friendly.There is a laundry on site.We were able to book a room for 269. a night so this was a great price for a room this size complete with a hot cooked to order breakfast!Didn't make use of the parking.Business center was really nice...allowed for printing and there were many computers available. No free internet in rooms	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Hotel	Took us ages to decide on which New York city Hotel to stay at during our visit and because of the great reviews and pretty good prices we decided on this one, glad we did!The Hotel is very nice and clean and the rooms had plenty of space, there was a front room with a sofa and TV and then a Bedroom at the back with another TV. Bathroom was nice also. Only thing that i found a little strange was the lack of hanging space in the wardrobe, with all the space in the room the hanging space was very small and the iron also went in there.We were only there 3 nights so it didnt bother us but if you were staying for any longer it might.Never got to sample the Free Breakast or managers hour but wish we had! as theses are included in the room price its great value. Hotel is in a nice area, doesnt look like there is much going on from the front of the hotel but if you walk around the back there are some nice food places with out door seating looking over a marina.Yes the hotel is not right in the middle of all the action but its all only a few minutes away by cab or a short walk to public transport. I.m glad we stayed here as we got to see more of the city.Overall the hotel is great value for the price and i would stay again when visiting New York City.If you need any info just contact me.	
Jun 22 2009	Everything was perfect!	Stayed there June 11 - June 15....As soon as you get there the entrance is really nice....As you step in the hotel, it blows you away...So huge! and pretty! Everything is marble...then the check in was fast...We got there at 9am...Thank God we were able to have the complimentary breakfast right away! and it had so much! The omeletts with like 8 different kinds of toppings to choose from, scrambleds eggs,bagels,sausage,cereals,coffee,apple &amp; orange juice...staff is friendly and breakfast is EXCELLENT! you could repeat as much as you want! then thanks to GOD we leave the breakfast area...as I pass by the concierge desk...it was like 10am YES! we get a room! the room was also perfect, EXTREMELY clean! BIG...the pillows are great! I was with my girlfriend and my parents we had enough space...and was all perfect.The location is lower manhattan...We knew that from the start. Location is perfect...you walk less then 2 mins from the hotel and there is the Hudson river...all nice! Since we had the Statue of liberty cruise booked for that thursday morning we walked alongside the river...and saw the shops and financial distritcs....It's really nice...Subway....Yes it is somewhat far from the hotel...CHAMBERS STATION...we would always take a taxi there...It'll run you like $4.30....tip the guy...$5.00 Total! not bad! And Subways run you $2 per person....If its 4 of you....They have a $7 for 4 people thats what we would always get.-The hotels is extremely nice, I do not understand why this is not 4 or 5 stars hotel.-Location is great, lower manhattan is nice. ALL IS GREAT.-Would I go back?? YES! Go out there...you'll love it! And yes ask for that map at check in time....it has EVERYTHING perfectly laid out.	
Jun 19 2009 	Watch the Hudson!	Way down near the southern tip of Manhattan, near Battery Park - so not quite so accessible to Times Square, for example, as some other properties. But great for access to the World Financial Center (which is where I had a business meetings to attend, on every occasion that I have used this hotel), so very convenient if that's where you're going.Also close to the sobering sight of Ground Zero ... Staff uniformly friendly and helpful. (Where is the stereotypical abrasive New Yorker? Certainly not working at this hotel!) If you ask for directions to a NY landmark they will whip out a map, mark the route for you, write down the bus numbers or subway lines you need to take, and / or order a taxi.Rooms (suites, actually) on the river-facing side of the hotel have a great view of the Hudson, and of the New Jersey shore, and in some cases of Lady Liberty. Personally, I enjoyed it - watching the river traffic, the ferries; occasionally even a helicopter, flying by no higher than my room it seemed to me!Rooms / suites on the other side look out on buildings, I think - I only stayed one night in a room on that side, and then requested a change, which they very promptly obliged me with. Room rates are slightly higher on the side with the view ... :) All suites quite spacious, certainly by European standards.Outstanding Western-style breakfast - eggs any style, prepared in front of you, waffles, pancakes, sausages, rolls, bagels, the works.As some other reviews mention, this hotel is very much in a business district, so the streets around do get deserted after dark - which can be a little unnerving. The nearest subway stop is about a 10-minute walk; but there are always taxis available just outside the hotel.Not necessarily a great location for a tourist visiting NY for the first time, but absolutely perfect for business visits in the area.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Breakfast and Happy Hour	I stayed here with my husband and three teenagers. Although we were charged for a total of 5 people, there were only two beds, one King and one pull out sofa. Therefore our third teen had to sleep on the floor, as the hotel does not have any roll out cots. We stayed here for three nights, the breakfast was great for the teens (two boys and one girl). We enjoyed the manager's special, i.e. happy hour, the bartenders run their tails off and still keep on a smiley face. The free drinks were great. The location was okay if you want peace and quiet, next time I will stay closer to midtown. It's a one time experience hotel as it is close to the ferries that take you to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, and the WTC tribute center. I would not go back however since I won't visit these tourist attractions anytime soon.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent value and location	I just spent 4 nights at this hotel after checking reviews on this site. I had an excellent time, the suite was spacious with 2 rooms and a bathroom. I requested a harbour view and got it, you could even see the statue of liberty from the room. Very clean and the staff were very helpful and pleasant. The included free breakfast was very good and the complimentary cocktail hour each evening was equally good. I will definately stay at this hotel again should I be in New York. The location is so much nicer than midtown, it is quiet and pleasant to walk around. You are actually only a 5 min walk from the ground zero area and the nearest subway station is here.	
Jun 15 2009 	AWESOME HOTEL	The room was outstanding - super clean, spacious and comfortable. The breakfast was great though crowded and the area outside was nice for fresh air away from the hussle and bussle of Times Square. Teenagers loved the cinema attached. If you go to NY and are OK with the adventures of walking, train and taxis - stay here.	
Jun 12 2009 	Fantastic.....BUT!	When we arrived at the hotel, which was approx. 9pm after a long flight from Ireland, the staff at reception were extremely pleasant and swiftly checked us in and pointed us in the direction of the elevators. The room was fantastic. There was a living area with a sofabed and a little kitchen area with a sink, kettle etc. and then a seperate bedroom with a huge comfy bed and spacious wardrobe. The only downside was that our room was facing into an office building, not a very nice view but all the same the room was great! There was a great buzz and wonderful atmosphere at all times throughout the hotel. There was a hotel bar downstairs and also a seperate bar/restaurant accesible from the hotel too. As well as this, there was an elevator situated by the hotel bar that went down to some lovely shops (where I found some gorgeous handbags) and also a cinema, which was very handy! I found that the business centre was also very uselful however it was usually quite busy! The breakfast was FANTASTIC! There was pancakes, omlettes( Made right infront of you), fruit, cereals, all types of bread, pastries, juices, tea/coffee .....Everything you wanted and as much as you wanted! The only downside for me was the location of the hotel. As it was our first visit to Nyc, I think it would have been better if we had stayed in Midtown instead of downtown. Its not that far if you don't mind using the subway. But myself and my family didnt really like the subway &amp; instead walked to our tour bus pick-up spot which was approximately a 20 minute walk &amp; then 15 mins on the bus to get to times square! Also at night the area around the hotel was quite quiet and seemed abit dangerous as it was mostly office buildings and hence quite lonesome.Having said all this though......Theres no disputing that The Embassy Suites is an excellent hotel and I would be happy to stay there again (if it was nearer to Times square)	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent location with Super Friendly Staff	My wife and I just returned from a weekend stay.The Hotel is very nice and the Staff fantastic. We never encountered one person that did not greet us with a smile. Very nice location near Battery Park, lots of places to eat and a fun Manager's reception. We will stay here again. It was so nice to be away from the madness of Time Square. The only complaint was it was noisy at times.. The construction trucks line up on the Hudson River side about 6:30 am and the noise starts.If you can get by that, you will have a great stay, like we did...	
Jun 6 2009 	A great hotel in lower Manhattan	We spent five nights at the NYC Embassy Suites with our grandson and thoroughly enjoyed it and its its location.The staff was very attentive and responsive to requests. The breakfast was good but they need to add some sweet pastries to the selection. The evening Manager’s Special was very popular. We had a room overlooking the Hudson River and the Irish Hunger Memorial. Bottom line---when we return to lower Manhattan, we will stay there again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great service great location great value.	We just returned from a week-long stay at this hotel with our 2-year old. The hotel was excellent. Nice room. Friendly, helpful staff. Great breakfast. Wonderful nightly manager's reception. If I had to find one complaint, it would be that the bed was a little soft/past its prime. That's it. This was our first trip to NYC, so I cannot compare the location to others in the city. I can tell you that we found it lovely, with many nearby shops and restaurants, as well as a walking path along the river and a great park for kids right across the street. Also, I expected to feel overwhelmed by a mass of people everywhere (coming from a smaller town), but I did not. I suspect the hotel location had something to do with this, so don't count it out as it may well be a plus to you. It is not be right on the subway line, but it also isn't in the middle of the masses in Times Square, which could be overwhelming 24/7. The hotel provided a crib and refrigerator for us, and the separate bedroom makes naptime etc. SO much easier. Oh, and the online rate we got at under $200 night is simply miraculous for the amount of space and amenties included.	
May 25 2009 	Alan 	Julie and I stayed at the Embassy Suites, New York from 19/5 to 24/5 with Chris and Diane. Julie and I had stayed at Embassy Suites in San Francisco, Niagara and Washington DC before, but Chris and Di came on our recommendation. We booked this stay back in November 2008 and recently contacted the hotel to request a high floor, adjacent rooms, harbour view and an early check-in for 2.30pm. When we arrived we had been given ALL of those requests - without any additional payment - a fantastic start to our short holiday. We also both requested a small refrigerator for each of our rooms, and again these were provided without any extra charge. We had been allocated rooms 1128 and 1129, and the suites are very comfortable with TVs in bedroom and lounge, however, there was not much in the way of toiletries and you will need to take shower gel. We had read on other reviews that the Manager's Reception was limited to 2 drinks each at this hotel, however, we were extremely pleased to find that the drinks were unlimited, although we did note that many people had vouchers and were limited. Each evening we therefore had a great start!The hotel was close to Ground Zero and there is only about a 10 minute walk via raised walkways across the main West Side Highway to the nearest tube station. There was a constant supply of cabs outside the front door of the hotel if you preferred that method and the cost for 4 of us to mid-town (ie Times Sq) was about $14 - so not bad when split 2 ways. The daily unlimited tube card of $7.50 is good value if you are visiting several areas in a day and want to hop on and off the tubes. By accident we found restaurants and shops in the World Financial Centre across from the side of the hotel (opposite the window where the breakfast and manager's reception is). With regard to the Breakfast, although this is good value as it is included in the cost of the stay, we felt that it was not as good as the previous Embassy Suites we had stayed at. There was not as much choice - no cold meats, yoghurts or pastries and very limited cakes and fresh fruit. Also the 2 lines (one for the fried eggs etc and one for the bacon etc) became very congested and unless you were willing to push in to get your bacon, your eggs would get cold. I think this is something that the management should definitely look at and change. You are allowed to take bagels, cakes, bananas, milk, tea bags etc away for later in the day if you wish. However that is really the only complaint we had and overall we have given it a very high rating and would definitely recommend this hotel on all counts.	
May 22 2009	The city that never sleeps	I have just returned from New York City and had a great time. The hotel was clean and comfortable the staff were friendly especially the guys behind the bar at happy hour.The concierge told us some great places to eat and made sure we always got a taxi when we needed.The location suited us and it is only a short walk to the subway.	
May 18 2009 	Good hotel great staff but lacks attention to details	I had mixed feeling after my recent stays at the Embassy NYC - maybe because after having read review on TripAdvisors that my expecatations were extremely high.On the positive side: -Nice, modern hotel-All suites (1 or 2 bed + sofabed)-Complimentary breakfast and manager's reception (free drinks)-Relatively comfortable, and enough space for a larger family-Efficient and very friendly staff-Great views from nearby Battery Park - and nice walking area-Complimentary business centre with complimentary internetOn the negative side:-Was assigned a room next to elevator (but it had a harbourview). This is not good if you need to use the sofabed as soundproofing (as with many Embassy) is poor. You get the hear the &quot;bing&quot; from the elevator everytime it passes on the floor (did not seem to be as much of an issue between 12am-7am)-A bit of a walk to closest transportation options (7-10 minutes to E-line, 10-12 minutes to A,C, a little bit longer to other subway lines).-Even though reservations said 4 adults, room was not prepared as such (pillows, bathroon amenities)-Inconsistencies in bathroom linen: 4 towels, 3 face towels, 2 hand towels...As you see from the above, the negatives are nore details and nothing that would make me want to rate this hotel negatively. It turned what I hoped to be a &quot;great&quot; experience only into a &quot;good&quot; experience.I was impresses as to how quick they were able to &quot;process&quot; people at breakfast time. Lines were moving fairly fast, which is good.	
May 11 2009 	Recession Special	With an advanced purchase rate of $169/night, this was a great value. It is a 10 minute walk to the subway (Blue and Red Lines) or a 3 minute walk to the M22 and M20 bus line. The construction going on right now has temporarily moved the bus stop. The rooms are great. Very roomy and a perfect oasis after a long day of visiting. The free breakfast is awesome. It has many choices of hot and cold food and provides some great &quot;to go&quot; snacks for your day bag if you please. The staff was great and we were allowed to check in at 11am which was a great help. There is also free internet and printing in the business center....hard to find at most hotels nowadays.	
May 10 2009 	Awesome room Great BreakfAst.	Staying in a 1 bedroom suite in manhattan with great views.Best thing was the complimentary breakfast.	
Apr 27 2009 	This hotel made our trip fantastic!	I stayed here with my husband and two teenage boys from 4th-9th April and none of us could have been more delighted. After a 7 1/2 hour flight we checked in easily and went straight to the very welcome, complimentary manager's reception. I had booked an advance rate through the hotel's own website as it had the best deals. We asked for a room with a view of the river and got exactly that. The suite was large and the sofa bed comfortable - according to the boys.Breakfast did get busy after 8.30am but it was well organised and the food was good.It is a 15 minute walk from the subway and so may not suit everybody but we loved it and hope to have the opportunity to stay there again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Excellent all-around	My wife and I just returned from a 4-night stay here. Everything about the hotel and the surrounding area was outstanding. It's close to the subway station if you want to go to Times Square or Central Park, and within walking distance to South Street Seaport. I will definately stay here again.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice hotel great value inconvenient to Midtown activities	We just returned home from a four-day weekend at Embassy Suites in NYC's financial district. I chose this hotel because we were traveling with my brother and wanted to assure we all had some level of privacy. This hotel met that goal perfectly. It was also an incredible value for the accommodations; great price for the room with breakfast and cocktail hour thrown in. The breakfast was very good, especially considering breakfast in New York can run upward of $50 for three people. The cocktail reception was also nice, but could use a third bartender to keep the lines down. Just a couple things the hotel may want to address: When calling the night before check out to seek a late checkout, the front desk was unstaffed; the man working the Bell Desk Sunday morning told us it would cost &quot;$2 per bag plus gratuity&quot; for the hotel to hold our bags after checking out of the room. I didn't argue with him at the time, but complained to the general manager when we returned. A very nice man, he apologized for the Bell Desk guy's behavior. Nevertheless, the $2 is the charge, even though they call it a gratuity. Don't get sucked into it! Lastly, the downside to the location is the hike to the subway - the closest being Chambers Street about 10 minutes away - and the distance from midtown Manhattan attractions. On the other hand, we had a beautiful walk Saturday night along the riverfront, which is gorgeous.	
Apr 16 2009 	SHHHH let's keep this one a secret!	We stayed here using Hilton points on the long holiday Easter weekend adding on to week long resort stay in NJ. I have to say after reading the previous reviews I was even more impressed with this hotel. We've stayed in Embassy suites in the past when our kids were younger. Now we usually stay in larger villa style resorts since our kids are older so I was a little apprehensive about the size of the room but figured for the weekend it should be doable. The rooms were a great space full dining table little living area with a large pull-out and also a mini kitchenette area with yes a microwave and yes the famous unusable mini-frig LOL we brought along a rolling cooler for drinks which worked out perfectly. You could also fill the sink with ice if you needed to no big deal. The double beds in the bedroom were comfy and the bedroom space was also great. Bathroom fine. The hotel is in a great area of Manhattan close to the financial area which is a little more quiet in comparison to the touristy areas of Manhattan which is a very good thing. Very easy to get to subways, FDR, Brooklyn really fairly easy to get to many great areas of the city. Since I have not stayed at an ES in sometime I was impressed with the very modern, city, hip decor of the whole hotel and rooms. Very nice. Still has the standard indoor courtyard layout with a modern twist. Nice views as well. The managers evening reception was great and again at this particular hotel very nice modern bar area. The hubby and I enjoyed drinks here one evening before dinner fantastic selection of every kind of liqueur and they did not skimp on :) The morning breakfast food also looked to be very good from what I remember, although we didn't have a chance to try it out.  You can valet a car if you have one or park at the lot close by (block away) for 35.00 a day and one day we were only charged 20.00 what a deal! especially since the going rate in Manhattan is between 50.00-60.00. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again in the future because of all the great extras, quality, and convenient area. Service here was fantastic also and the concierge knowledgeable and helpful. Loved this hotel, shhhh my new secret NYC place to stay!	
Apr 12 2009 	not a good first impression	I ch.ecked into this hotel yesterday, having chosen it because of the good reviews on this website, and so far I am not impressed.I had booked the advance rate and asked for a king suite. They only had smoking rooms available so I upgraded and paid extra for a city view to get a non smoking room. I booked and paid on expedia (as I have a nectar card and you get nectar points on expedia), but I paid exactly the same rate as was showing on the hotel's own website.When we checked in we were offered a smoking room which we refused. We then had to wait but finally got a room and went up to see it. The so called city view that I paid extra for is of a wall of a tower block about 10 feet from my (filthy) window. I phoned reception and queried if I was in a room with a city view and was told that I was. When I said that I was not happy the lady on the front desk was very abrupt and told me that there was nothing that she could do as I had booked with expedia and if I had any complaints I had to take it up with expedia not her. Not the helpful answer I was expecting after reading other reviews on this site!In addition our toilet didnt work, we phoned reception who said they would send someone up to us. After 40 minutes with no-one coming we had to phone again. A long time to wait when you need to toilet!There is also a dodgy looking stain on our sofa which I am hoping is not a bodily fluid!Breakfast was horrendously busy and we struggled to get a table, eventually sitting at a table with dirty plates left on it, but the food was plentiful and delicious so not all bad.We are here for a week so I am hoping it gets better!	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Embassy Suites	We loved this location. I cashed in HIlton points for a 3 night trip for my daughter, her friend and Mother. ( Hilton AE has the best point system for redeeming travel!) We were promptly checked in and upgraded to the top floor. The suite was perfect for four, with enough room to breath. The Subway is a 15 minute walk and once we figured it out, we were good to go. We also purchased the Circle Line Tour and that was also a quick 15 minutes to catch the hop on hop off bus.The location was not in the heart of the action but it was nice and quiet.The breakfast area did get crowded after 8:30 but was kept moving and the food was replaced quickly. We enjoyed a wonderful meal at Grotto Azzura in Little Italy....YUM. I would stay here again in a heartbeat as the staff was very helpful and strived to please. Lots of folks from Europe were guests during our stay and it was interesting to hear them talk!	
Apr 10 2009 	Nice base for a leisure visit; just one or two things to look out for	Our stay here followed a few days at the marvellous Embassy Suites in DC, which is a fabulous hotel for families. This hotel is a little more sterile, without the same cosiness, but still a decent choice if you want a two-room suite as most families with young kids do. I'll just point out the drawbacks, as previous reviews cover the good points fairly well.Firstly, the location, although busy, is a long way from Midtown - a $15 taxi ride, or it's a few blocks to the subway. The money didn't bother us too much, but we did seem to spend a long time in the back of cabs.It doesn't have the unexpected &quot;holiday resort&quot; feeling of the Embassy Suites in DC; there's no swimming pool, and although you have access to a proper gym, it's a slightly intimidatingly professional one!The restaurant and bar is quite small, and is heaving for the &quot;free drinks hour&quot; late afternoon (for which you get a couple of drink tokens, unlike DC's unlimited drink arrangement). And if you go to breakfast after 8AM, it's chaotic, with potentially long waits for the omelette station.If that sounds a bit negative, I don't mean it to be. The hotel was clean, quiet and efficient, and offered us everything we'd want in a New York leisure stay with a young child. If the caveats above don't worry you, thoroughly recommended.(PS: there's a big multi-screen cinema within the building too, which was great)	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Hotel - OK location	I have stayed in midtown NY before so chose this hotel to be out of a bit a little - sounds odd but midtown is really busy and a bit touristy for me. Hotel was around £180 a night, not cheap but OK by NY standards for the facilities. Nice big lobby with really quick check in. Asked for a room with a view and got one - overlooking the Hudson with view of New Jersey (I think!). We had prepaid for our room at the cheapest rate and it was more for a Hudson view so was pleased we still got a good view (room 825). Rooms are big by NY standards - nice lounge with TV, sofa, desk and chair. Lounge had mini bar - do not touch, v.costly. Coffee maker and mircrowave with disposable cups for making tea in the microwave. Asked the maid for more coffee et and got given loads. Also had ice bucket and ice machine on the floor to chill beers etc. Bedroom had big TV and massive (over 5 foot wide) bed!! Room had all the amenities you need - only minor issue was that it was soap in the bathroom - no shower gel. Evening reception was great - free drinks for 2 hours from 5.30pm (beer, wine, spirits, cocktails) and free nachos and popcorn, You get 2 vouchers each for each night but if you miss a night you can use those vouchers as they are not dated or anything. One night we had 4 drinks each (G&amp;Ts). If you order the drinks at the last min you can take themt o your room. We ordered pizza in and this was fine to collect in the lobby (Steves Pizza) round the corner was $21 for 18inch pizza - ate half and use microwave to warm rst up the following day. Breakfast is great but super busy at the weekend. Made to order omlettes - pancake station and everying else you could think of. Also had takeway boxes so we took fruit, muffins and bagels for lunch. Location is OK if you want to be downtownn - great for Wall Street, Staten Island Ferry, Statue of Liberty. The subway lines are about a 10 min walk away and are good lines. We walked from the hotel up to Times Sq but this is quite a hike. If you want to keep fit the hotel has a gym but we went running instead as the Battery Park is outside the hotel and you can run right down the Hudson wtih views of the Statue of LIberty. Overall the hotel was great and breakfast, in room facilities and drinks reception made it good for cost saving. Only minor thing is location and maybe next time we would go uptown a ittle to SOHO.	
Apr 7 2009 	Consistent!	We have stayed here many times. It is not nearly as convenient a place to stay if you are planning to be midtown or go to Broadway, but was an excellent base for a quick family FOODIE trip to Chelsea Market and Dean &amp; Deluca. The free breakfast buffet is plentiful and varied. The rooms are large and comfortable. We had a very good in-room dinner. The kids always get a kick out of that.Only drawback was that it took more than an hour to get car back from valet parking.	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice Experience	I purchased the rooms from the hotel itself after reading the reviews. The location seemed great and the reviews of the free breakfast and manager's reception were right on target. The staff at the hotel were very pleasant and helpful. I don't think anyone could stay in a better location in New York City. If I were doing this again, I would not hesitate to stay here for one second. I really can't say one thing negative about this hotel. Are the rooms and beds Westin quality? No, I don't think so, but for the price and the location, you really can't beat this hotel. Management should be very pleased with the way the hotel is operated and the great and well-deserved reviews this hotel has gotten. The only negative thing I can say about the trip, and this was my fault, was that our flight arrived in the morning and check-in, which I'm sure is like this at most NYC hotels, wasn't until 4:00 P.M. We stored our luggage, ate lunch, walked arounfd the battery and checked in shortly before 4:00 P.M. though. Great hotel! Keep up the great work!	
Mar 30 2009 	What a Bargain!	My family stayed at the Embassy Suites NYC the last weekend in March. We are two adults and one 5 yr old. The experience could not have been better. This place is a great bargain and perfect for a family or group of 3-4 people. We got an exceptionally good rate, but I would pay the regular rate and stay here againHotel service was good. We arrived in NYC at about 11 AM, and were able to check in right away (regular check in is at 4). So that was a big plus. We weren't scheduled to leave until 2 PM, and the front desk gave us an extra hour to check out. That was another big plus. The doorman hailed a cab and loaded our bags in the cab when we left. The front desk staff were friendly and the bar and breakfast staff were helpful and friendly.The rooms are clean and modern. We paid for a regular King suite and ended up with a water view room, which was quiet. I can't comment on the noise level of the other rooms. The room is very big. It includes a bedroom with a door separating it from a living room. The living room has a comfortable fold out bed, which was outfitted with sheets when we checked in (big thumbs up for the housekeeping staff). Even one of those rooms alone was bigger than the entire hotel room of the last place I stayed in NY. There really isn't a fridge that you can use and don't even touch the little snacks on the minibar! If you pick them up for more than 20 seconds, you will get charged. (The front desk took that off the bill with no argument!)The full hot/cold breakfast was great, but maybe a little crowded. You could avoid the crowd if you got up early. I would have been happy with a bowl of cereal and cup of coffee, but got eggs, pancakes, bacon, omelet, etc. The evening reception was good and I appreciate being able to unwind after a long day of site-seeing and before going out. Don't expect make dinner out of it, as it is just a couple of free drinks and some chips. Others who commented here seemed to have a little more, so you might get lucky. We liked the location, though if you are looking to be in a real neighborhood and pretend like you are a New Yorker, or this is your only chance to visit NYC, you might not like it. If I had $400+ to spend on equivilent accomodations, I would probably stay in a different neighborhood. I felt good being in the Financial District with my little one. There is plenty going on on the weekend, so not a ghost town. There is also a river esplanade that is large and she could run around there without me worrying about traffic, etc. We also live close enough to NYC that I know I will be back again soon, and can try other hotels and locations if I feel like spending more money.We took cabs the entire weekend because 5 year-olds can't really walk all that far and are unpredictable in subways. But the subway seemed very close to me. A cab to the theater district cost between $15-$18 with a tip, so this was a good way to travel for us. If you want to go to the theater, there is a half price TKTS booth at the South Street Seaport, which was about a mile from the hotel. Not a bad walk.If you think you might like this place, then I recommend giving it a try!	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent value for money in a great location	I have been to NYC several times, but this time we were right in our hotel choice. The Embassy suites is a large, comfortable hotel near Ground zero, next to the World Financial center in lower Manhattan. the rooms are quite big, fitting our party of three adults quite comfortably. the public transport links were good, and the breakfast was varied and of good quality. The Managers reception was a pleasant surprise , perfect for a quiet drink before going to the theatre. The personnel was polite and customer friendly.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great NYC Hotel	We have stayed at several hotels in NYC in the past. This was the best for the money! We had a large to room suite. The living room coach opened up for our 2 older children and my wife and I took the king size bedroom. We had breakfast each morning and there was plenty of food to choose from. We bought the seven day MTA card for $25 each. This way we had access to buses and the subway and traveled all over Manhatten. It was a short walk to the subway and also several bus lines came by the front of the hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Value Rooms View...but be prepared to walk or cab it!	Overall, I rate this hotel 4.5 stars. It is a great value, and I'm a repeat visitor. I stayed a handful of times over 2008 and once this January for both business and pleasure. You usually can get a rate under $200 and for what you are getting, it's a steal in Manhattan.Checkin: About 4-5 agents checking people in. Most of the time there isn't a line, but when there is it's usually quick. Depending on who you get, they are pretty accommodating or a tad too cool but always professional. Fresh apples in a bowl on the counter, so be sure to grab one or two. Elevators are quick and plentiful. make sure you don't go up the escalators because those take you to the dining area and conference rooms. Beautiful, contemporary, large building. Rooms: Huge! They usually honor my corner room requests, but I've stayed in the regular rooms and they are about the same size of some of my friends' studios. You have a bedroom that is separated by a door. Beds and linens are comfy, but it sucks if you and your significant other get stuck with a full-sized bed instead of a queen/king. Large television (pseudo flat screen), desk and ergonomic chair, free internet. I've always had a water view room, and it's pretty but the construction surrounding the building is not. Noice can sometimes be an issue, so bring earplugs if you are an extremely light sleeper. You will rarely hear hallway noise as you are separated and relatively far from your entrance door. There's a large living room that also has a television, table with chairs, couch, chaise, and leather coffee table. I hated this because it was weird balancing drinks and food on top of it. I was worried that it would easily tip over and spill all over their carpet, which for any hotel older than one month in this city is still amazingly clean and odorless. Refrigerator is useless, as it's filled up with their pay- for items. Plus, it's weighted so if you shift things around they may try to charge you for something you didn't drink. There's a small convenience store near checkin you can buy water, snacks, magazines and travel sized toiletries. Prices were okay, not cheap or ridiculously expensive. Showers are clean, towels are plentiful, and the amenities are Bath and Bodyworks. I usually ask for extra since I have long hair, and that usually comes within 15 minutes after calling for it. Food: They give you coupons for free breakfast and manager's reception. I've eaten their breakfast, which is really good for being complimentary. Pancakes, oatmeal, coffee, juices, hard boiled eggs, cereals, etc. I don't recall an omelette station. For the afternoon/early evening manager's reception, they offer free drinks, beer and some mixed drinks. I think we tipped the bartender but it's nothing to go crazy about, just a nice pre-dinner freebie. They also have a small selection of snacks, I think nachos and finger food type thingies. We had room service once, just desserts, and it took a little longer than expected. We expected something more tasty and though out, but it took me by surprise. For example, sundae is a bowl of cream, chocolate sauce, and an entire pint of Ben and Jerry's! Needless to say, after that we never ordered room service again. Too long and too much that has to be eaten right away as you can't store it in the room.Gym: This is a huge plus for us as we regularly work out. They let you use the NY Sports Club that is adjacent. You can walk there through a side door connected to the hotel. It's pretty nice considering most hotels use an actual bedroom and convert it by placing one treadmill and two yoga mats in there and slap a &quot;gym&quot; sign on the door. Anyway, it's like going to a &quot;real&quot; gym, so I liked that a lot. Location: Awful...as in the sense that you either walk a lot or take a cab. There's really no sensible subway station nearby. That is the reason why I hesitate a lot when I book here, but then the price and amenities balance it out and I end up booking here anyway. If you don't mind taking a cab everywhere, or walking rather far distances then this wouldn't bother you. But when I have to get to Midtown East it's a bummer. If you are going to spend a lot of time in Soho, it's about a $5-7 dollar cab ride away. The availability of cabs can get problematic when the hotel is busy. We had to walk about 5 blocks away to flag one down since we didn't want to wait in the long cab line.To sum it up, for a great value, and you want to be downtown, this is the place for you!	
Mar 18 2009 	Pleasantly surprised by the fascility and the service	I spent on night at the Embassy Suites hotel in downtown New York at the start of a business trip. I usually stay uptown but for the first time I had a client near this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel itself is this giant structure built around an inner atrium. The guests leave the elevators and walk out to the rim of this atrium. and then walk along open hallways overlooking the floor of the atrium many many feet below. I've seen this arrangement before in other Embassy Suites and not liked it, because of the noise possibility, so I was very pleased to see that the room I was given was arranged with the &quot;living room&quot; on the inside and the &quot;bedroom&quot; away from the entry door facing the outside of the building.The hotel itself is on near the water and my room looked out over the river and a small park. People were walking and running in the park. There is a new building directly between most of the hotel and the water, so I am sure most rooms no longer have a water view. The hotel is behind the World Trade Center site and to get there from any ground based public transportation, you have to walk past the WTC site and an overpass that takes you over a highway. It's pretty convenient to the PATH train; the subway is a bit of a walk. There is a boat dock very close to the hotel that you can use to get to Jersey City.The room was nice. Two actual rooms in one suite. The larger room was a living room with a work table, couch, coffee table, dresser and television. There was also a microwave but no fridge (there was a mini-bar fridge but there was a sign not to use it for personal food). The bedroom also had a television, dresser and desk, as well as a closet unit, two bedside small tables, and a large window looking out over the street. Because of the building's location there was almost no traffic on the street at night and there was no street noise. The bed was comfortable and in general everything was clean and fresh. The bathroom was large and everything worked well. I used the internet: it worked, but was slow and often got hung up. This was true both over wireless and the wired connection. I used the gym: it's a New York Sports Club facility (you can enter with your key through a back door and just sign in) so it was very very good. Much better than most hotel gyms. The hotel offers a hot, cooked to order breakfast every morning as part of the room rate, and there are signs near the elevators subtly encouraging people to get there early. It's buffet style, not table service, and the hot items are cooked to order as you wait in a line. I got there at 6:35 AM and it was very nice. I got my eggs made the way I like them right away, but I imagine that later in the morning it would be total chaos! They also had some cold items (melon, yogurt, milk, cereal), coffee, bacon, sausage, fresh made pancakes. Room service was quick. The food was OK. It was not well described in the menu and was somewhat different from what I expected. The service was very nice though; in fact, service at the hotel was overall very good. The check-in staff for example were not familiar with the rate plan I booked the room under, and did the work to figure it out. The room service person was willing to correct the meal issue. The downside to the hotel is that it is isolated. You have to walk quite a distance and past construction sites to get to public transportation and at night this might be unnerving. There were no restaurants nearby that were open on Sunday night. Monday morning was very bustly, though. It did not feel like being in New York, which can be good or bad depending on your perspective. It worked for me for my purpose, but I might not want to stay there for a whole week, as it's not &quot;near the action&quot;.	
Mar 2 2009 	Just go and see for yourself! You'll be glad you did.	My husband and I usually stay in the Times Square area (Marriott Marquis) and wanted a change of scenery. Check-in was a breeze, room was ready so no additional waiting around. Our room was on 3rd floor around corner from the elevator and we NEVER heard the bell of the elevator ding. Thumbs up! The manager's reception every night is soooo much fun; go and enjoy. The breakfast was great! I have read negative reviews about how crowded the eating area is; I suggest going to eat before the rush (7:30 -8:30am) NOT crowded and the food is very filling. Something for everyone there. There is a movie theatre at the back entrance and DSW shoestore as well. What a great secret. Battery Park and WFC across street. WTC site within walking distance. For those using METRO, buy the 7 day unlimited card if you will be using the subway more than once; it only costs $25 and is so well worth the $$$ spent if you are adventurous on the subway. We took the subway to and from JFK and it was a piece of cake. For $70 our transportation was taken care of. Don't be afraid to ask concierge for help with the subway map or anything else for that matter...very knowledgeable.This hotel was a great choice for us. We had a great experience from check-in to check-out. No complaints from us. Near Tribeca area.	
Mar 2 2009 	What a wonderful find..............	We really like staying in Embassy Suites and this one did not dissapoint. We were allocated a lovely corner room but it did not have a room safe the problem was sorted and a porter arrived to help us change rooms. We stayed on the 6th floor overlooking the river and gardens. Evening reception was exceptional with all premium drinks and hot snacks free of charge. We had intended to eat at the chinese in the adjacent mall but honestly after the delicious chilli and a couple of glasses of a decent red wine we were happy to go back to our room and have an early night. We had to be up early the next day to pack for our return home on the QM2. Breakfast was a bit chaotic but a helpful member of staff sorted us a table and found us some chairs. There was plenty of choice and the buffet is included in the price of the room. We had time for a stroll along the river before leaving and were amazed at how peaceful this part of New York is. With transport on the underground trains so inexpensive we wouldn't hessitate to return here despite its location away from the central city area. The location is very good if you are planning the trip to Ellis Island - pre book your tickets online - and also the hotel is close to the World Trade site and nearby discount shopping. Embassy Suites would also make the ideal choice if you were travelling as a family.	
Feb 27 2009 	Another Top-Notch Stay	Just returned from our 4th stay at the Embassy Suites New York and am happy to report that it's as good as ever. Upon arrival Kenny (he looks like A-Rod) at the front desk upgraded us to a harbor view room and service was as top class as always. Rooms are spacious, still clean, and well laid out. Breakfast is a busy event but for free it's one of the best deals in New York. We love lower Manhattan, and hotel location seems to get better by the year with access to battery park, a new Whole Foods for convenient and healthy take away, several subway stops, Century 21 and Brooks Brothers, stock exchange, and the list goes on. They've moved the free internet terminals to a business center on the 2nd floor by the elevators, but that's just as well since the computers are perpetually mobbed by kids. The only drawback in the entire hotel was the stupid mini-bar and fridge sensor setup in the rooms now, where if you remove an item for more than a few seconds it automatically puts a charge on your bill. That's a *scam*, but I'd still stay here for the value, location, and other amenities.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great all rounder!	We stayed for a week at a cost of £931 booked through Expedia. The first suite we were allocated on the 5th floor was a bit dark and shaded for a week's stay, so I asked for something a bit lighter and airier. Within 20 minutes we had a lovely suite with a city view on the 15th (top) floor. Fantastic!We enjoyed the plentiful included breakfasts as well as the two free cocktails every evening between 5.30 and 7.30. This is a very clean, bright, spacious, roomy hotel and we preferred being out of the noise and grime of midtown. It's fantastic value for Manhattan and we really enjoyed our stay. The only minor criticism we'd make is that they close the bar sharp at 7.30 when the free drinks stop. They turn the lights off and clear away everything. For the rest of the time the bar area is closed and the buzzy lively friendly atmosphere during cocktail time just ebbs away into the night. We found this a bit disappointing.You can't even get a coffee or drink in the huge airy atrium outside the cocktail hour and it just feels vast and empty for most of the day. Seems like a missed opportunity to us - the atrium and bar could be a warm, welcoming hub for this lovely hotel all day and I'm sure guests would be happy to pay for their drinks outwith the free cocktails time. In fact it's the first time we've stayed in a hotel with over 440 rooms that didn't have a proper bar! You can't really count the restaurants they say are part of the hotel, because they are all quite separate concessions (Chevy's, Lils, Applebys etc) with separate street entrances and you can't charge to your room in them. All in all though, a great hotel with very friendly staff and we would return.	
Feb 24 2009	Beautiful Hotel...choose this one for sure! :D	We went for a weekend getaway with our four children. Surprisingly, we paid less than 400.00 for two rooms that were attached. This includes the parking valet, and snacks taken from the wet bar and snack bar. Both rooms had a huge bathroom, a very large living area including dining table, couch, chair, large tv, wet bar, and snack bar! The sink area even had a hideaway microwave. The beds were VERY comfortable. We slept like babies! It was a quiet and peaceful stay. The hotel was clean, nicely decorated, new, and beyond our expectations for the price. The concierge was very helpful, and the employees were helpful and polite. The bell people were quick and polite as well!This is definately where we will stay in the future! BTW...the breakfast was excellent and included in our room price....the made to order or banquet both tasty and enjoyable :DWe stayed in rooms 610 and 611 highly recommend them :D	
Feb 22 2009 	my favorite hotel in New York	We spent a week there with two children and this hotel is fantastic.Having always been in Times Square hotels, moving down to financial district was a successful try. Prepaid rate are really affordable, rooms are large, clean, hotel is new, design is nice, breakfast is a great start for the day, manager cocktail is like a refuge at the end of the day, service is very nice, beds are very confortable. Bath room is very clean and very convenient but the bath which is short for tall.Additionnally we benefited from a high floor with nice view on the Husdon river. When travelling for business I don't care about the view but for leisure we really enjoyed it.Chambers street subway station is a 10 minutes walk and bus 20 and 22 are stooping at the hotel corner.For sure, I will be back, this hotel is a gem.	
Feb 10 2009	Fabulous Hotel	Fabulous Hotel! Great staff, great views, great location.Shopping, restaurants, subway system close at hand.Took car service to Katz's Deli; $15,00 flat rate, a fair price, especially on a bitter cold day. Took the subway back to the hotel.Breakfast, the usual high Embassy Suites standard.The doomen that we encountered were superb.AMC movie theater at the back of the hotel is very convenient.We are looking forward to staying there again this spring.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great breakfast great room great hotel!	My boyfriend and I spend 4 nights in this hotel last week and had a great time. The room(s) were spacious and well-equipped, the inclusive breakfast was amazing and really set you up for the day, and the staff were very helfpul. The location is also very good, we had lovely views over the harbour and could just about see the statue of liberty, and we had some lovely walks along the esplanade.It should be noted that the hotel is virtually directly in front of Ground Zero. Admittedly if I had known this before I booked it might have put me off a little, but actually being there was fine. It's also about a 5 -10 minute walk to the nearest subway station, but you should generally expect to be doing a fair amount of walking in the city so don't let this put you off.We usually stay in hostels or, at the most, B&amp;Bs, so this hotel felt like 5* luxury to us. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 4 2009 	good for a weekend break	Stayed here for 2 nights 2 adults 2 teenage kids. Welcome at the door was great - we arrived early - 10.30am and was given our room. Fantastic. Plenty of space a great open feel to the hotel, lifts could be a bit slow but hey.!!Staff were very friendly, ate in the restaurant, food was great - far too much for us U.K citizens, not very busy when we were there and service was very attentive. Breakfast was like a department store sale.!! Food was okay, but the lines were very long and after 2 days of the same food, we were ready to move on.Managers reception was good, HH members get unlimited comp. drinks so you could hit this quite hard. (look for a black room key).Highlight was leaving.!! not in a bad way, however the hotel can organise a car for you - we had an escalade for only $20 more than a cab. Well worth it.Would I stay here again - yes I would.	
Jan 27 2009 	An exceedingly pleasant stay	My husband, two young children, and I stayed for 2 nights at the Embassy Suites New York. We got an amazing AAA rate online for only $141 a night. This low rate was somewhat offset by the price of parking our car at $60 a night but this was an incredible deal for staying in Manhattan. Upon check-in, we received a complimentary upgrade to a very nice corner suite with a view of the Hudson River from the bedroom. The suite was quite big by Manhattan standards, although not nearly as big as other Embassy Suites such as Washington DC or Alexandra, VA. This is not a luxury hotel, per se, but it was very clean and comfortable. Our room had 2 double beds which were really quite small but were comfortable. The sofa bed was also comfortable, especially for a sofa bed! Breakfast was a great deal--my kids loved the omelet station and the chocolate chip pancakes. The only hiccup was that the onsite New York Sports Club was supposed to open at 8am on weekends but on one of the mornings, the worker arrived late, derailing our plans for a morning workout. But I don't see this as the hotel's fault. It's very nice to have such a nice gym onsite. Overall, this was a great stay for an amazing price.	
Jan 17 2009 	Amazing modern hotel that has the 5* look	We just had a fab 3 nights here for 5 people for around $175 (£125GBP) per night inc an all-you-can-eat breakfast which is amazing value for NYC. The only complaint is that the double beds are VERY small 4'6&quot; I think and it's a little out of the centre which made popping back difficult, though there's a few subway stations within a 7 min safe walk. Bus 20 ($2 or metrocard) down 7th ave stops right outside too and there's a cross town bus too (bus 22). (google mta bus map). There's a pharmacy/general store in the Financial centre: exit the back entrance and turn right and it's right in front of you. There are also some restaurants in there too. There's a cinema at the back entrance and a few hotel restaurants and bars in the complex: you'll be given a stack of vouchers for free alcoholic drinks at the bar which closes at 7:30. Cokes and sodas are free anyway. The hotel is right by ground zero and you can easily walk to the Statten Island ferry terminal, Wall St and over to South St Seaport along Fultom St. The area is very quiet at night though and we failed to find anywhere open to buy any drinks to take back to the room at 10pm.If you need transport to the airport, there's lots of limos parked outside and you can book a ride with them (5 people to JFK cost $65). If you phone the hotel and ask for the bell desk one of the guys there will get them to pick you up too. It'll cost you $2 a bag though to store your bags when you leave (checkout is noon).	
Jan 13 2009 	Lovin' Downtown	Having endured the hotels near Times Square I thought it was time to try downtown. The Embassy Suites fit the bill perfectly. The suite nicely accommodated my wife and two teenage daughters. The buffet breakfast, while crowded, was awesome. The staff was as attentive and cordial as their uptown peers. Metro stops are a little bit of a hike, but its only $15 to Midtown by cab. Very close to all of the downtown sites- WTC, Ellis Island, Century 21, South Street Seaport. A nice perk is the Downtown Alliance shuttle which is free and runs every 10-15 minutes around the tip of Manhattan.	
Jan 11 2009 	New Year - Great Views	We have visited New York twice before to see in the New Year and we thought this was the best place ever. Very quite area no busy traffic as it is in the Financial area, just over the road from the World Trade Centre. Rooms were large with plenty of cupboard space. Plenty of bed linen and beds were very comfortable.We were supplied with a fridge on request. Only minor problem was there were no cups or spoons in the room but we got some after our first breakfast. The complimentary breakfast had everything you could wish for to fill you up for the day. Metro was within 5 mins walking distance as it was the first stop there were never any ques.Great supermarket over the road. Great walk across the front by the Hudson River round to Battery Park so an ideal place for the Statue of Libery and Staten Island. There is even a cinema and 3 resturants underneath the hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good Value great breakfast	We stayed after Christmas and before the New Year and had unusually good (not cold) weather. The accommodations were as represented and very comfortable. Like previous stays at other Embassy Suites, we expected a refrigerator and kitchenette. Now only a microwave , no utensils and no refrigerator. Movement in the mini bar triggers an alert!! However, the Hilton ownership has improved the furnishings and amenities.The breakfast service is basic but comprehensive. There is a new whole foods across the West Side Highway at Vessey with a liquor store around the corner. Also-- down the east elevator and right turn to the World Financial Center (WFC) food court. River view, at an extra cost, is beneficial if you will be in the room for any length of time. While we were there during the holiday, and did not see access; the water taxi to Wall Street from WFC seems interesting and brings you to the Statue of liberty area (or a 20 min walk.). Access to the Sports Club was a plus for a workout and a steam. Concierge staff (on site), Front desk and bell staff were helpful and courteous.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Value In Downtown	Just recently returned from a trip to NYC and had to give a review of this property. Fellow reviewers helped me choose this location, and I feel the need to thank them! The hotel itself was clean, spacious, and comfortable modern. Not stuffy like many hotels Ive been in. The front desk was quick to greet us and check us in. They saw our reservation was for a King Room, but noticed we had 3 travellers and offered us the use of 2 Doubles instead. The view from our room was to the World Financial Center and Morgan Stanley (nothing too special). Our room (#514) wasnt too far from the elevators, which never took more than a minute or two to arrive. Housekeeping did a great job or cleaning and bringing us the extra towels and soaps requested quickly.The hotel was just right for our group, two teens and an adult. With 2 TVs and a door that shut between the living/bed rooms, we were able to have our own seperate space when we needed it. We saw many other families and young people at the hotel, but were never bothered by loud or obnoxious behavior. As far as the location of the hotel, we loved it. A typical cab ride into midtown ran about $15, and we walked most of the day. The proximity to World Financial Center and its shops &amp; resteraunts was nice. Also, there is a great view of the WTC site from inside the World Financial Center - across the street to the south.) The hotel has a Pizza Bolla (great pizza, a little slow when crowded) and an Applebees (average food, poor service) in the complex. Also, a movie theater on the first floor. Starbucks was across the street in the WFC, or a 10 minute walk at W. Broadway &amp; Chambers. The nearest subway was 5 minutes away via the pedestrian bridge at Vessey St. There was an Amish Market grocery just around the corner as well on W. Broadway for fresh fruits, the pear apple is a must have when in season!The Hotel staff also did an excellent job of making us feel welcome. Front Desk, Concierge, and Doorman always helpful. The Doorman informed us that a private car to LaGuardia was $40, and much nicer/more comfortable than a cab. Ask for these kind of tips from the staff, as it was a much better value than the $18/person shuttle offered by the site we booked our trip with.Overall, the Embassy Suites was a great place to stay, and will defiantely be where we go again.Extra Tip :: If you are staying in NYC for the first time, check into getting a limo service to drive you from the airport to hotel. We did this as a last minute whim decision, but it turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip. The driver was great and took us from LGA, down 5th avenue, thru Times Square, and to the hotel, all for $150. There are many companies that will do this airport transfer service, and it makes a great, lasting first impression of the city.	
Dec 16 2008 	great location	having traveling NYC more than ten times for the past two years I found downtown the best area to stay. It is much cleaner and calm than midtown and also safe and pleasant with great Hudson riverfront walking alleys. Embassy Suites offers space rooms and some nice feelings of a freshness. WFC is right across the street where you can find extra dining and shopping options.	
Nov 26 2008 	Fantastic Staff Wonderful Stay	We traveled to New York on both business and pleasure. After finding a great deal on the Embassy Suites we were hoping for the best. New York hotels are always rather pricey and this rate seemed very reasonable. Granted the financial district is a bit out of the way from the main tourist attractions we found that the hotel was far better than expected!Upon arrival we were greeted very warmly by the front desk staff. We went up to our room and found a very large suite for New York. It was rather remarkable to find such a large space. Our view was a construction site at the time. Not fabulous but there were lots of great things about this hotel that made our stay well worth the bad view. We were given vouchers for the guests lounge for free drinks and found the lounge area bustling with guests and a nice community area in the hotel. Each night included a theme night with snacks. There is a pizza place, some shops, and a movie theatre in the complex. It was nice to have these options close by.Every morning there is free breakfast including an omelet station. One thing to note is that taking a taxi from mid town or the theatre district back to the hotel can be difficult. We were turned down a few times by cab drivers to take us back to our hotel. Overall, we loved our stay at the hotel and plan to return during future visits.	
Nov 22 2008 	Convenient location friendly staff	The staff was very friendly, my room was very clean and check-in and out was painless. Great, hassle free place to spend a couple of nights.	
Nov 18 2008 	Terrific Stay at Embassy NYC	We stayed here as a family of 5 for 4 nights as part of a 3 week trip around the US. The staff were welcoming and efficient at check in and the room was clean and comfortable. We were worried it might be noisy but we were never bothered by construction noise even being so close to the WTC site. The breakfast was delicious with every choice imaginable and we never had to wait long for a table. The staff cooking the omelets and pancakes were friendly and helpful. We were fortunate to have a Big Apple Greeter which made our trip even better- need to book in advance but well worth it. Our guide knew all the short-cuts on the subway and took us to Harlem and Brooklyn and places off the tourist trek. The Embassy suites is convenient via the back door to the Chambers st subway station,Century 21 is great for retail therapy and the pizza place at the back made us a large pizza which we took back to our room one night. There are cinemas at the rear of the hotel as well but we didn't have time to use them.The American Express Building next door has a moving memorial to 11 of their employees who were killed on 9/11. It is in their foyer - just walk in. It's called 11 tears and really is quite inspired.The staff were again very helpful in arranging a cab ( for 5 people) to La Guardia when it was time to leave.It is not easy to find a room that accomodates 5 people and for us this was a great stay	
Nov 17 2008 	High price - little charm	After having visited NYC many times, my wife and me recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights after having read the reviews on this page - but must say we were left with disapointment. OK, the hotel is fairly new and clean, and the staff is indeed helpfull and doing their best - BUT, there is absolutely no soul or spirit to be found anywhere, and nothing to justify the high price other than big (double) rooms. Empty, sterile spaces with no charm, and very little to remind you that you're in one of the most facinating cities in the world. The rooms are big and fairly clean, but again nothing special. There are carpets (with accumulated dirt) in living- and bed rooms, which in our oppinion should be replaced with clean wooden floors - as is the trend in most good hotels these days (at least in Europe).The breakfast is supposed to be &quot;the best in NYC&quot; - which is very far from the thruth. Maybe we (being Norwegians) are spoiled here, but this did not meet our expectaions at all. It was rather a basic &quot;American style&quot; breakfast consisting of pancakes and jam / syrup in plastic jars, and large bowls of tasteless bacon and scramled eggs, and soft drinks/juice in plastic cups. Cheese, ham, vegetables, healthy cerials etc which should be expected at the &quot;best breakfast in NYC&quot; was nowhere to be found. And as for the rest of the hotel, the breakfast lounge is very, very boring and more like an ordinary work cantina.OK, the hotel did have a happy hour with free drinks every night, but this did not compensate for a rather dull impression of the hotel as such. Add that the hotel is far from almost everyting at Manhattan (apart from Ground Zero and it's close-by areas) and expencive, we can not see any reason for choosing this hotel for a NYC stay - at least not for a vacation. Better to choose one of the many good and stylish hotels in the Time Square area. At least that's what we will do next time we go to New York.	
Nov 16 2008 	Big Comfy Rooms on the Cheap	Crazy value for your dollar. The rooms are huge, it included free breakfast each day (omletes, pancakes, etc) and came with free drinks from 5-7pm. It isn't right in the hapening areas by the meatpacking district or around the strip, but for how much you save you can just take the subway or a taxi. It's definately cheap right now because of the ground zero construction, and will go up when it's done. Take advantage of it now while you can.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Value and very comfortable	We recently stayed 6 nights in suite 1124 and truly loved our stay. We were traveling with friends who had the corner suite next door. Both rooms had great views and were extreemly comfortable. The beds were totally comfortable and we slept very well. My friend slept on her hide a bed and thought it was very comfortable. We found the staff to be very helpful and cheery. Breakfast was great, cook to order with lots of choices and prepared quickly. The business center was never busy when we used it and I have to say that it was great not to have to pay for using a computer and printing out stuff. The room was a bit warm though. We found the hotel to be very clean and nicely decorated. Our room and decor looked brand new. We would definately return when in NYC, great location.	
Nov 10 2008 	Dissapointing	Although this hotel has great reviews my feeling is that this property is &quot;resting on it's laurels.&quot;Other than the doormen who were great, I found the staff to be lacking in enthusiasm and warmth, they just seemed to be stressed out and going through the motions of their jobs.Breakfast was dissapointing, the fruit looked old and bruised and many of the items that were supposed to be warm on the buffet were stone cold.The airline check in kiosk didn't have my airline listed, so I had to go to the overcrowded and overheated business center where there was a long wait to use a computer.The rooms are adequate but can use some updating. The wallpaper is beginning to peel and my friend reports that the sofabed was very uncomfortable.Finally, I did not feel safe walking at night from the subway to the hotel, it's in a more isolated section of the financial district where there is little foot traffic after business hours.	
Nov 6 2008 	A Gem in NYC	Major researching was done before selecting this hotel. We were visiting New York for a week, we brought our 16 year old daughter, we had stayed in Times Square 3 years ago. We were looking for value, comfort, location and space and Embassy Suites ticked all the boxes! We had a corner suite, Room 508. We loved the size of the rooms, the comfortable bed and sofa bed and the 2 televisions. Everything was on hand to enhance our stay. The bathroom was adequate, but the robes were lovely and towels/ toiletries were replaced daily. The hotel itself was bright, clean and modern. The public areas had amazing views of The Hudson. I was concerned by some reviews I read about the breakfast but there was nothing to complain about. The food was fresh, plentiful and appitising. Removing food to take to the room was facilitated by take-away containers readily availableThe staff were polite, helpful and served with a smile. We came early and late to breakfast but always got a table and never queued long for food. The reception area was ran efficiently, check-in/out went smoothly. Door men helped with directions, advice, cabs, cases etc.We bought a weekly metro card for $25, we used the metro several times. The station was a short walk, taking us past Ground Zero, Century 21, St. Paul's Church. The neighbourhood is quiet at night but safe to walk around. The walkways by the river are breath-taking. Bars and restaurants are not immediately apparant but they are there nevertheless.We never tried The Cinema or the gym, there simply wasn't time but it's a plus that they are part of the hotel.We booked this trip in Feb. I was really disappointed when the price dropped by 600 euro by July. I rang to see was it possible to cancel and re-book and it was!! The difference was refunded to me immediately.We all loved the Embassy Suites. My husband missed the hustle and bustle of Time Square at night. But overall-a real jem.!	
Nov 6 2008	Great for families	Being a family of 2Adults and 3Children finding large enough rooms to accomodate us all is always a problem. We though found this hotel to be fantastic for families. Near Battery Park it was out of all the hustle and bustle of Midtown Manhattan which was great with younger kids. The subway is less than 5min walk away the hop on hop of double decker tourist buses the same 5 minute walking distance. Taxis are never a problem and from Central Park will cost anywhere between 20 and $30 USD. All of the above was used by us as we worked out our best options. Taxis were almost always used in the evening but public transport during the day is the best way.Breakfast is included and we never had a problem finding a table or with queues. Managers drinks was a bonus treat and refillable soft drinks and nibblies are no charge at all.Rooms were clean with 2 double beds and a large pull out sofa, fresh towels daily and a tidy up of the room done on a daily basis.Would definately recommend this hotel for families who are willing to stay out of the hustle and bustle of midtown.	
Nov 6 2008 	Shopping break for my 18th	Great hotel, only minutes from the underground which is really handy, good breakfast. The less expensive suites aren't what you see on the website but still nice. Excellent shoe shop and cinema in the actuall hotel. Free local bus to South Street Seaport ( GAP, Footlocker, A&amp;F &lt;much better than 5th Avn as not busy at all&gt;.Staff helpful, free internet and plenty of taxis outside which are v cheap! Financial centre across the road with chemist, GAP, nice chinese.Overall great hotel, not too expensive, very quiet and good location not too far from anything!	
Nov 4 2008	Would stay here again	Have just returned from a trip to New York, three of us stayed in the Embassy Suites Hotel in Lower Manhattan. Would definitely stay here again! I could not fault this place. Staff friendly and professional, rooms of a good size and spotlessly clean. Really thought there was a great layout for breakfast, plus the Manager's reception every evening. Less than 10 mins walk to subway...never a problem!I would definitely stay here again. 10/10.	
Nov 3 2008 	Fabulous	This is the first time I stayed here, upon recomendation by a friend who stayed here a few years ago and by the recomendations on this website. I cannot find one single fault with the Embassy Suites, the staff were pleasant, friendly and willing to help with anything, the consierge was really helpful. The room was spacious, clean and beautifully laid out. Breakfast was a bonus, such a selection of food complimentary and again the staff were so helpful and pleasant in the mornings. I was on the 8th Floor and while our room did over look the offices in the World Financial Centre 4, to my left I could see Ground Zero and to my right the river. It was absolutely fantastic. The hotel is a bit away from the hussle of Times Square but its not a problem, taxis are plentiful in the area and the subway is a short walk away.The only slight glich I did have was when leaving the hotel to head to the airport, one of the the bell boys seemed to be drumming up business for the Limo drivers outside and while he gave us a choice of getting a yellow cab or limo, I felt we were slightly pressuried into getting the limo - but we set the price in advance and in fairness to the limo driver all was well and we arrived at JFK with no problems.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Manhattan Experience	Once you stay in Manhattan, staying off the island just wont do. If you're sharing the cost, this is the place to stay. Plenty of room for 2-4 people. Standard Embassy suite size so you don't have to bump into the walls like the other boutique hotel rooms in the city.Service was good. Big breakfast!! Everything you want/need and then some.I received a complimentary upgraded room, top floor corner looking out over the Hudson. WOW. Right next to the WFC and WTC. Subway close, buses closer. $1000 total for 3 nights but split two ways came to $166/night /person which is CHEAP for Manhattan.	
Oct 22 2008 	NY? Embassy Suites!!!	We spend two post-cruise days at the Embassy Suites Hotel and there is absolutely nothing to complain! We paid only 275$ per night (incl. taxes,breakfast,evening reception);booked at the Hilton website.The breakfast was very croweded on a saturday morning but the staff did everything to speed up the service. The quality and quantity of the breakfast items is perfect.Wo most liked the location: Everything you can imagine is there:A WholeFoods store one block away;cinema , a(very good) italianrestaurant and an Applebee in the same building. Subway is two blocks away; watertaxi in front of the hotel. Everything else is already said in other reviews.	
Oct 20 2008 	Very enjoyable stay	We spent four days in a standard suite which we found well equipped and spacious (by Manhattan standards).Especially welcome were the excellent breakfast arrangements - buffet or cooked to order - and the &quot;happy hour&quot; (more like three hours, I think) in the bar every evening. There are a number of eating and drinking places within walking distance and the subway and ferries are not too far away.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful and the price was very competitive although it did jump up when the UN came to town.	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved Embassy Suites New York	We've just returned from 2 separate visits to the Embassy Suites New York. We had a suite on the 14th floor the first time, which was great - dressing gown, umberella in the suite etc. We then went to Cleveland for a few days and then returned. The staff welcomed us back, and we were given a suite on the 11th floor (corner suite, looking sideways over Statue of Liberty and with a great view of the Hudson River). I had emailed the hotel previously to mention that it was our 30th wedding anniversary and it would be great to have an upgraded suite as a surprise for my husband - they replied to say they would upgrade us free of charge to a riverview suite for part of the stay). The breakfasts were great here, staff are so helpful. We went a couple of evenings for the 2 hour free cocktails, which are great. We love the location of the Embassy Suites - we go jogging early morning along the riverfront towards the statue of liberty - really enjoyable. (We did the Tunnel to Towers Run this year - which is organised around this hotel, which was such a special experience - we found out about this when we stayed there 2 years ago and decided to go back and take part in it). The hotel is a short walk to the subway at Chambers.	
Oct 8 2008 	You get much more for your money at the Embassy Suites!	First of all, I was trying to find the best deal in Manhattan for Oct 3-Oct 7, and found that the Hilton/Embassy Suites website had better rates than all your travel search engines, like Expedia. Secondly, if you've ever stayed in NYC, having a suite for $249 per night, is an absolute steal! I believe you should book at least 3 months ahead to get good rates. What really topped the cake was the free morning buffet breakfast and the free nightly drinks and snacks. The nightly snacks were nachos with beef/beans/cheese-enough to call it a dinner. Upon arrival, I requested an upgraged room since we were Hilton Honors members (never hurts to try), and they gave us a room, 1028, with a beautiful view of the Hudson river (on the 10th floor!). If you stay here, try to get this view. The room was huge compared to most hotels in the city, and clean.It's nice to have a separate living area. And, who cares if the TV is not an LCD. It worked fine,when I got a chance to watch it. The website's picture of the outside of the hotel must be old, because there is a tall building of condos blocking most of the hotel's view to the hudson river. So, try to get the NW corner of the hotel with the Hudson river view. Just across the street, to the left of the hotel, begins a beautiful walkway to Battery Park, right along the Hudson river. The walkway is very safe and beautifully lit up, beautifully landscaped with trees and plants, and plenty of benches to relax. Some of the docked yachts were incredible to see. Next, for the people complaining about that it takes 15 minutes to walk to the subway, maybe NYC may not be for them, or they can pay $400+ to stay close to their sightseeing sights. Most people will be doing a lot of walking when visiting NYC, no matter where you stay. It took us 10 minutes to walk to the subway, and we enjoyed the scenery. If you're staying at this hotel and plan on going uptown every day, thie subway is the cheapest way to go. Just be sure you get on the right trains- uptown to Central Park and Times Square- downtown to World Trade Center and The Embassy Suites. We found the subways to be very safe and conveniently located all over Manhattan. Little Italy and China Town were great sites to see, and I believe you can even get a different subway train, if you don't want to walk it. Even the walk there was not so far, for us. Overall, I think this hotel was a bargain for the emenities provided. This hotel is a bargain for NYC, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 5 2008	Our home away from home	Went to the Embassy for our 50th nurses reunion as we had stayed there before on other reunions. Love this hotel. The staff are all friendly and helpful. It is a very welcoming place. There were 5 of us in our group (we had other groups there also) and we couldn't get a cab for 5 and we found there are limos and vans ready and waiting to take us where we wanted to go in little Italy for only $5 each! The driver very pleasant (and a nursing student). The rooms are spacious and very clean. Sofa bed appeared new and linens high end. Extra blankets and pillows were in the room. The highlight of this hotel and one of the things that make it special in these economic times aside from the quiet is the wonderful breakfast that comes with your room. They serve from early morning till 10:30 and the selection is wonderful. Made to order omelets, pastries, pancakes made in front of you, juices, fruit, bacon, sausage, oatmeal and yogurt. I don't know how they do it. Staff is always there for a smile or a kind word and they do it again before dinner with a cocktail hour with unlimited drinks and snacks. This hotel is great. I recommmend it for anyone. Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 5 2008 	One to avoid - very disappointing for a "premium" hotel.	Booked this hotel as part of a special treat once-in-a-lifetime holiday for myself and my mother.Requested on booking that the couch was made up as a bed as we would be using both rooms for sleeping.Arrived at the hotel to be told that someone will attend to the sofabed.Someone arrived 20 minutes later, unfolded the sofa into a bed and left. At no point during our 4 day stay did I ever get pillows or a duvet - I ended up having to use some of the bedding from the master bedroom.The bed was also folded away every morning, meaning that every night I had to fight to unfold it again.The kitchenette was a joke, no kettle, tea, milk, fridge or minibar.When I asked at reception for some tea and milk I was told to contact room service - $21 for a pint of milk!!The lounge area was tiny, with an old TV, a desk with a phone and the aformentioned sofa.There is also an Internet cable. More on that later.The bedroom was pretty small, a large bed and the wardrobe basically filled it.Contained within the wardrobe was a stained ironing board and a broken iron - nice!The bathroom was fine, good pressure in the shower and nice towels which were replaced every day.Having settled in, I needed to use the Internet. Plugged my laptop in to discover that a hotel which charges $350+ per night has the nerve to charge $20 for one day's Internet.I've stayed in $30 days inn hotels where the broadband is free - what decade is this place stuck in, the net isn't a luxury anymore, it's a necessity.Then decided to go for some dinner, there's a mexican restaraunt attached to the hotel - avoid it at all costs, some 40 minutes after being seated, I still hadn't even had a drinks order taken and the place was quiet.You're better off heading uptown.Speaking of heading uptown, the subway is a good 15 minute walk away, across the west side highway and up the side of the WTC site - this means that you'll end up spending on taxis what you saved on not getting a hotel in midtown.It also makes for very tired feet walking back after a long day walking around Manhattan.Avoid the concierge as well, I asked him to get me a price for tickets to Chicago and despite openly telling me that the cover price was $103ea, he expected me to pay $160ea for them - not sure what planet he was on?Go to TKTS instead and pay $65eaBreakfast turned out to be fantastic however, a great choice of foods, plenty of places to sit and (surprisingly for this place) no charge.I love New York City and am a regular visitor, however I can safely say that I will not be staying here again, there is literally nothing (apart from the breakfast) that is good about this hotel. The entire purpose seems to be to rip as many people off for as much money as possible.I believe that Embassy Suites is part of the Hilton chain - they should be ashamed.Do yourself a favour and stay in a midtown hotel, it might cost a little more per night, but you'll save money in the long run and have a nicer stay to boot.	
Oct 5 2008 	Brilliant as our base	This place was great - it was perfect as our New York base. We stayed here for 9 days as we got hitched in New York City and this area was just perfect. Quiet, yet near to everything. Walking the 3 blocks to the nearest subway wasn't an issue at all as there are pedestrian crossings everywhere. We had a harbour view room and it was sooo worth the money, the view in the morning and at night was fabulous and having the harbour walk so near was just awesome. The free breakfast was great and good quality, as was the nightly managers reception. Rooms were excellent and huge (especially considering the size of average hotel rooms in NYC!) and housekeeping was good, making sure everything was kept clean and tidy. Not the most luxurious of hotels, but the understated decor, good quality service offerings, location and very comfortable beds with good linen make this one of the best places to stay in NYC. I will certainly stay here again when I come back to NYC.	
Sep 30 2008 	The Very Best Experience	We, 23 of us, came to NYC to celebrate a very special birthday, and this hotel gave us the 5 star treatment. We had 5 in each room and each room was very clean, spacious and comfortable. Checkin was a breeze, the bellmen were so very nice and friendly. I had gifts delivered to each room and Morris was very kind to make the deliveries very special. The hostess for the breakfast buffet surprised my room with a appetizer gift one evening in celebration of my birthday, we truly enjoyed our treat after a evening at the theater. The breakfast buffet is very good as well as the manager's special, great time to relax before going again. We ate at Chevy's and it was also very good. I would recommend this hotel and stay again. Thanks Embassy Suites for a great experience!	
Sep 23 2008 	The view	Excellent holiday. We were fortunate we booked a room on the 8th floor and had a view albeit between a building and Irish Memorial. The hotel advertises waterfront position in its brochure and website. This however is not correct as there is a building in front of the hotel. We enquired of the concierge how long the building had been there and were told about 5 years. This is incorrect advertising and not a true description to the people who want to book a waterfront hotel and will be very disappointed when they do not get what they requested. It is a shame the building is there are the view is fabulous and the waterfront. The hotel should update is website. Apart from this everything else was great.	
Sep 23 2008 	Disappointed by "City View"	We booked the Embassy Suites as we were travelling with our baby and needed a separate living area from the bedroom so that we could put her down to sleep. The room was adequate and quite nicely furnished. The living area has no windows - you move through it to the bedroom through doors and the bedroom has a window. The location is very handy if you are doing touristy downtown things (Ground Zero, Century 21, South St Seaport, Statue of Liberty, Wall St etc etc). It is a significant walk to the subway. I booked our suite online and upgraded (I think an extra $30 a night) to a suite with a &quot;city view&quot; rather than a &quot;river view&quot; and I request a higher level room if available. I was extremely disappointed that our &quot;city view&quot; was a desolate outlook onto the building across the street. I felt the term &quot;city view&quot; was extremely misleading and would have preferred a river view.I felt that the price was too high for the suite (I think it was $330 per night), but that's what you get in Manhattan.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great place	This hotel is not in pristine condition but it is very good. We didn't like the plastic plates at breakfast. That having been said it is a great hotel. We were upgraded to an executive suite which was fabulous. The breakfasts are very good. At the manager's reception the very good wine was served in tumblers not wine glasses! - and there was free food available too. The front desk is very helpful and the concierge couldn't do more for you. We had noisy neighbours one night but a call to the front deks who contacted security sorted that within minutes. There is construction opposite but only during the day. It is very close to Battery Park and there are safe pleasant walks along the river. Do go to Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty - same ticket, and get a free tour with a ranger at each location. Admittance to the museum under the Statue of Liberty is limited and has to be prebooked. In the Financial Centre in Vesey Street is Au Mandarin - a Chinese to die for!!!! Go down the escalators at the rear of the hotel atrium, turn right, go across the road into the Financial Centre and it is on the left. Take out available and you can reheat in the microwave if you like. There is a very good deli at Chambers/Hudson. There is a liquor store at @ 90 Hudson. DON'T USE LIMOUSINES that can be called by the bell boy. They have no meters and try to rip you off. One wanted $60 for a transfer to La Guardia. The cab fare on arrival was $31 + tip = $35, The limousine driver got $35 and no tip after a lot or arguing.Also on arrival beware of the 'sharks' prowling the airports to get you in their vehicles and overcharge you. There is a taxi despatcher outside the airport - go to him and tip him $1	
Sep 17 2008 	NO ATTENTION TO DETAIL	I am a native NYer. Booked room for overnight stay. To get to the point :There was no light bulb in desk lamp; the mini bar was empty and dirty. Our view was of a building under construction across the way and our front door opened to the vacuum storage area. Only one Robe.(booked for two people). TV's were outdated. Drawers in wardrobe did'nt close properly. Breakfast of Cruise ship buffet type. Never given voucher for drinks or even told about about them. Dont take room 1101! If you walk back late at night the area is empty as well as the subway stop.	
Sep 10 2008	Had a Great Stay	We had a great time here. It's a really nice looking hotel. The only thing is that if you're going to be traveling a lot throughout the city and taking the subway, it's going to be a little walk to one of the stations. Besides that, it was great and I would stay there again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Perfect Early Bird's Nest	We had an excellent stay at the Embassy Suites for 9 nights in August. As we are (very) early birds on holiday, it suited us just fine. We could use the Gym from 5.30 am, shower, dress and be back down for breakfast by 7.30 before it began to get congested (which it did, so be warned if you prefer a later beginning to your day).Being a little journey away from the mania of midtown also suited us and the fresher air breezing up from the river was welcome relief in the heat of August.Staff were professional and courteous at all times and the rooms were cleaned to a good standard.We would definitely choose to stay there on our next trip.	
Aug 22 2008 	Decor is a little outdated but the Hotel was VERY clean	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 1-yr old for a long weekend in mid-August 2008. Although the furnishings are somewhat outdated, the hotel and rooms were very clean. This is important when you have a newly walking 1-yr old that likes to roll around on the floor. The beds were comfortable, linens were crisp. We were on the 15th floor (Room 1509) and looked out across Vesey Street. There was literally no street or construction noise, although there were cabs and trucks constantly driving down that street. The two-room standard suite was perfect for putting the baby down at her normal bedtime and allowing us to sit in the other room and watch tv without having to be ultra quiet.There is a lot of construction going on with rebuilding the WTC, but there are ped walkways over the west side highway and lots of signs to route you in the right direction. Multiple subway lines are close by (&lt;10 min walk), as well as various financial district attractions.The hotel is conveniently located to the walkways to Battery Park and directly across from the Irish Hunger Memorial and a great playground for kids (0-5+ yrs old). We walked all the way to the tip of Manhattan to see the Statue of Liberty one morning. The walk along the Hudson River path was beautiful, very well maintained and highly trafficked with walkers, joggers, bikes and strollers.The continental breakfast was fantastic. We did not have any issue with long lines b/c we're up early with the baby. There were so many options, I couldn't believe it. There was standard continental breakfast items like fresh fruit, cereals, breads/muffins, yogurt; but, then there was a hot food line where you could order bacon, eggs, sausage, pancakes, etc. You could also use paper/plastic to-go containers to take snacks away with you for later. That is practically unheard of these days in all you can eat cafeteria eateries. The bus boys were very nice and helpful with getting high chairs, etc for little kids. The free evening cocktail reception is in the same location, but the breakfast area is roped off and the bar is opened up. You get vouchers at check in for drinks and breakfast. We had at least 4 drink vouchers each for each night we were there. The hotel is very generous to say the least.I would definitely stay at the ESH NYC again and recommend to friends whether or not traveling with young kids (but the two-room concept if obviously great for kids).	
Aug 20 2008 	You get what you pay for - location room perks ... nice!	A pricey room, but once we checked in and realized:1. the hotel is fantastic2. the room is huge3. breakfast for the family and an evening drink are included4. hotel is about 1-2 blocks from Ground Zerowe were extremely pleased. We'll stay here again if coming with the family/kids.	
Aug 17 2008 	A brilliant hotel	Ok, we stayed here a while ago, but i thought as i was just in new york i would add a little review to this hotel too.We booked this hotel very last minute in a great deal for New year 2004/2005 in NYC.We arrived quite late in the evening and had to wait a while for them to allocate our group 2 rooms, and boy was it worth the wait!There were 7 of us split into a room for 3 and a room for 4, the 4 shared 2 beds and us in the 3 had a bed each and a sofa!Concierge took our bags up and we tipped, but being the first time there we werent sure how to go about it, but coped!There was a living area, a sink.kitchen area, a bathroom and a large bedroom which had 2 large double beds in!The living area consisted of a doble sofa bed, a large tv in a cabinet, a table to 4 people and the sink area with the safe tucked in undernath. There were also tea and coffee making facilities.The bathroom had a full size bath, shower, sink and toilet. Fresh towles were given daily and the bathroom was always spotless.The bedroom had 2 large double wardrobes with a tv cabinet in the middle with a large tv, and then 2 large double beds. We looked out over an office block and if you lean at the right angle, you can see the water!The hotel was always clean, the room lovely, and the staff very helpful.There was a buffet breakfast each morning, and it was lovely, everything you could imagine. We ate well for the first meal of the day, it provided a lot of fuel for the shopping and sightseeing!!The hotel is a distance from the main hub of NY, but it is only a short taxi away, not costing too much, maybe $10 at most.Would i stay here agine, definately, and i would invite everyone i knew to stay here too!!!	
Aug 12 2008 	Nice Hotel For Families	Our family stayed at Embassy Suites-New York City August 1-4, 2008. We booked the hotel because the rooms were all suites. We were traveling with our two teen-age boys so the extra room was great! The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite friendly. When we first checked in we had to wait quite a long time to get our luggage but they were SO busy with people checking in and out. They apologized for the wait and we eventually got our luggage. The free breakfast was great however VERY crowded so be prepared to wait about 5-10 minutes for an omlette and sometimes a table. We enjoyed the mexican restaurant (Chevy's) in the hotel. The salsa was fresh and the margarita's were also good. We are from the southwest so we know the difference between good and bad mexican. I would definitely stay at his hotel again. Being located in the financial district, it was not quite as crowded as other areas.We have stayed in the Time Square area and the Central Park area so this was a nice change from all the hustle and bustle of the city. It was close to the subway and also many good restaurants. We walked to Little Italy, Soho, and Chinatown. We took the cab to Broadway which was about 15.00.	
Aug 4 2008	not impressed	We were a group of 2 couples and booked the embassy suites due to the suite concept. Considering the cost savings for 2 couples staying in one suite we can not complain too much but next time we will stay elsewhereThe suites were outdated old tvs early to mid 90 decor and the location was not convenient The breakfast was a good way to start long days of shopping and sight seeing. We did not spend much time in the room as we were all out and about so it was ok but if we planned to spend more time in the room we would have been sorely dissapointed.That being said it was clean and the service was decent.	
Aug 4 2008	Brilliant New York City Hotel for Families.	We stayed at the Embassy Suites in January for 2 nights prior to joining a cruise and it was just great.We were travelling with a two year old and having a seperate bedroom and living room was brilliant as we could put our son down to sleep and then stay up and watch a film or whatever.The location is lovely, we enjoyed being able to go straight out to the water and walk down to Castle Clinton oneday and the next it was only a five minute walk across to century 21 for some shopping.The onsite restaurants made life really easy for us to as we could get takeout and not worry that our son would get tetchy with jetlag in a restaurant. The applebees was really good and very well priced. I think we paid $18 for an enormous meal for all of us! Very good value.The breakfast in the morning is excellent, lots of variety and choice. Fresh pancakes and eggs. There were also little boxes that you could fill with danishes, etc so you could have a little snack on the go, what a brilliant idea! There is a small gift shop that sells sodas and snacks too right in the lobby next to the free internet stands. The desk staff were very helpful and the concierge was excellent. Booking us a car the right size and right on time too to take us across to Brooklyn.Very clean and pleasant to stay in. We especially loved the plate glass windows at the front as it meant we could watch the arrival of the Cunard Ships early one morning without having to get up and go out into the very cold day! Would I stay here again? Definitely.	
Jul 29 2008 	recommend the Embassy Suites	We stayed for 4 nights in early July at the Embassy Suites. This was one of the only properties that would accommodate our family of 6. The hotel was nice, and we appreciated the convenience of the breakfast. We got an early start every morning, so we didn't have much of a problem finding seats, but we heard that it does get crowded. We were disappointed that there was not a refrigerator we could use...only a mini-bar that charged automatically if you tried to remove anything. We loved the Battery Park area...the walking path to the Statue of Liberty ferry was beautifully landscaped., and the playground was nice. The location along the water was overall nice and quiet for NYC as compared with the Times Square area. We used the subway, but it was a little difficult to find the closest station (partly due to construction.)Overall, this was a great place for us, and we will probably choose to stay here again when we return to NYC someday.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great nice hotel	We had a king suite (we stayed 4) on the 9th floor. rooms are big and clean, the view to the river was nice as well. the staff are friendly. Breakfast is super ! 2 issues we had :1. The location is 10 min walking from the tube.2. Do not come to brekfast after 8:45 !!! as all NY will be there and the waiting is loooooooooooong.Enjoy there!	
Jul 23 2008 	Good Hotel great location...	I stayed at the Embassy Suites with my Wife and 2 children (ages 13 &amp; 10) from July 10, 2008 through July 12, 2008. We stayed in room 1225. We stayed using HHonors points. Hotel was in great shape. We arrived around 2pm, check-in was quick. Everyone who worked at the hotel was very friendly. Overall I was very pleased with this hotel and would recommend it to others.LOCATION: The hotel is in an excellent location for touring lower Manhattan and for tours out of Battery Park. ROOM: The hotel room was nice, had coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, little sink. The TV has pay per view movies, and Showtime. There are about 40 channels. The room was large enough to comfortably accomodate the four of us.BATHROOM: The bathroom was standard, mostly clean. There was a little “mildew” type stuff in the tub where the wall meets the tub. But the tub itself was clean. The water pressure was good and hot. There is a light in the shower/tub so that was nice. DINING: The managers reception was good: free drinks and light food. The free breakfast was very good. It consisted of standard breakfast fare, including: cereal, muffins, donuts, toast, bagels, fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage, grits, French toast &amp; waffles, &amp; made to order omelet’s.	
Jul 19 2008	Terrible	I can unfortunately say that this is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at.Although as the name suggests the rooms are large but they are in desperate need of upgrading. I was on the second floor which meant every night i was woken up by noise from either street cleaning or construction so i had to sleep with ear plugs.The breakfast is the worst I have ever seen in a Hotel, no one to show you to your table, no service what so ever and by the time I had broken through a scrum of people to get some food it took me so long to find a table that the food was cold. If you are doing business in the Financial district then the location is good but this is not anywhere near the standard I expect from a business Hotel, this Hotel is also extremely expensive for what it is so offer to save your company money and stay at the Holiday Inn, the accommodation couldn't be any worse and you might get a few brownie points for your cost saving ethos...	
Jul 18 2008 	Really good value-especially if you have kids	We were very happy we chose this property. Slightly contemporary motif, vs other embassy's we have been to. Nice decor. Very helpful staff. Location is important to think of here. you are close to the financial center and virtually right on the water. Also, right next to world trade center site. But if you want to be seeing things closer to times square and the Rock, you may want to stay closer--but be prepared to deal with price and noise if you do. From the embassy, you need to walk a bit to the closest subway station --and then several stops to get to times square or city park areas. We were fine with this, given the value and the quiet. Still, very good deal with the hot breakfast -- which was pretty good --and the manager special of drinks and snacks at the end of the day when you get back from sight seeing.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Place to Stay	The Embassy Suite Hotel was as expected - Excellent. The room and hotel were the usual great place to stay - good service - clean - friendly - etc, but we were concerned about walking around the area. We thought that being in the Financial District that at night it might be scary - Not at All. We walked around the area, to the subway and had no problems. Our only problem was returning on the subway at 1:00 pm from a Broadway Show our first night and making a wrong exit out of the subway. We walked into the City Hall area - lost and no one would help. We asked a policeman - who spoke broken English and he did not know where the Hotel was and could not direct us, flagged down a taxi and did not have the address so he would not help. At last I was able to flag down another taxi who was not really happy about a small fare but did take us to the hotel.Other than that - our stay was great. I would recommend the New York ES to everyone.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Base location for a NY trip!	We recently returned from a trip to pay homage to Yankee Stadium. Our home base was the Embassy Suites Hotel. I found the rooms to be very clean, bedding comfortable, and lots of room to move around. We were there for 3 days and ate breakfast at the hotel 2 of the 3 days. I can't say that the food we had was a great experience. There is a buffet line and a cooked to order line. Both lines were long and the tables did not seem laid out very well to accommodate traffic everyone seemed to run into each other . There were so many people trying to eat that there was no time to peruse the selection, if you saw something you liked - you better grab it 'cause there is no getting back in line. The quality of the food was very very average. Nothing great at all. I base my above average rating on one of the staff - the concierge I worked with is named Joseph. I must have emailed him 50 times prior to my arrival, he always answered my question as promptly as possible and I never encountered a &quot;I'm too busy &quot; attitude with him. He was full of suggestions on what there was to do and how to get there to do them. He arranged a 4th of July cruise on the Shearwater which is a 100 year old yacht, that was a great time - worth looking into. The hotel itself is located on the Hudson river right by Battery Park. Battery park is a great place to start off ,there is lots of bench room to sit down and figure out your day, or just sit and watch the boats and the statue of liberty. The hotel is also walking distance to Ground Zero to honor the fallen towers. Firestation Station 10 is right across the street. Go buy a t-shirt , the profits go to the widows fund. the highlight of my trip was Yankee Stadium, Yanks beat Red Sox so that made my day. (See pics).I am from upstate NY originally and my husband is from Chicago - and he had the typical NY 'kers are snobs attitude, but even he said the &quot;everything he had heard about NY had been proved wrong&quot; people were great and so was the city!We rode the subway and it wasn't too bad, and fairly easy to get us where we had to go.	
Jul 7 2008 	Loved Embassy Suites in NYC	A waterfront two room suite in Manhattan with free breakfast and free drinks every night? It seems too good to be true, but it's not. We stayed here over Christmas 2004 and got a ridiculously cheap rate, I think $150 - surely it's much more now. We have also stayed at the Doubletree Times Square with HH points - I'd never pay for that hotel at those rates - and I much prefer the Embassy Suites. Sure, it's in lower Manhattan far away from all the tourist things - and the nearest subway station is several blocks away...but you have to be prepared to walk in NYC and get around using the subway. Once you do it, you'll see it's pretty easy. NYC is definitely not a place for the timid anyway.Free breakfast is standard, like all the ES hotels - but this one has a lovely view of the street with lots of windows. It's also the ONLY ES I've stayed at where they checked your room number as you entered - most are pretty lax about checking and I've stayed at dozens all over the place. Room is typical for ES although maybe a bit smaller. The minibar is an unwelcome addition and I tried to put jam a soda in there I'd bought elsewhere (being as there was no refrigerator) and a innocent &quot;ding&quot; &quot;ding&quot; came with every attempt. Of course, each time I jostled anything in there, I was charged for minibar items - but these came off the bill very easily when I explained what had happened - they didn't even check. I get the feeling I'm not the only one this has happened to!	
Jun 29 2008 	Great value for NYC	Was in NY for two nights for business earlier this year. Wanted a good value near battery park. Embassy suites turned out to be a really good find. My only complaint that the location of my room in particular didn't lend itself to very good insulation of the room and I found the middle of the night a bit cold. Very convenient hotel for work that needs to be done in the financial district. Right next to some shops and a movie theater by the World Trade Center site. With the outrageous prices being charged in NY hotels this was a great deal. Found the room impeccably clean and the free breakfast just fine.	
Jun 26 2008 	Quiet and clean across from the river	Finding a quiet room in Manhattan can be difficult, since it's a busy city. However, tucked away off a quiet street across from the river, you'll find the Embassy Suites.Coming from NJ, I could easily take the train and be home within an hour. I prefer to stay at Embassy, since it's clean, quiet, and spacious. The manager's reception is great, along with breakfast. There is a huge movie theater within the building as well, which makes it convenient, especially if you don't feel like leaving the hotel.Keep in mind this hotel is downtown, away from the touristy midtown/Times Square area. It is a few blocks away from the former World Trade Center site, where you can catch subways uptown. Lower Manhattan puts you closer to the South Street Seaport and Statue of Liberty ferries. Of course, you have the beautiful promenade walkway across the street, which follows the river. It will take you through Battery Park City if you head south, ending up by the Statue of Liberty ferries.So if you don't mind staying slightly off the beaten path if you're visiting Broadway or midtown, check out the Embassy Suites. You'll get a quiet night's sleep in a clean, comfortable, and safe environment. (Also, check out Roy's restaurant, an incredible Hawaiian restaurant, located below the Marriott Financial center a few blocks away).	
Jun 19 2008 	Great experience	We loved our stay. We arrive and the bellman was right there to help us with luggage (we had a lot). Service was excellent. I asked if we could have a room with a view and they upgraded us. What would normally be an extra charge they waived. The breakfast was very good. A little crowded but the selections were great - they had pancakes, omlettes, hot breakfast items. The room, the lobby, everything was spotless and very clean. We booked on expedia and received an amazing rate - a lot lower than their quoted rate on the hotel website.Agree with the other travelers - need a taxi or subway to get to midtown, but not much of a ride at all. In walking distance to ground zero, right on the river, an amazing view.I recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Stay in NYC!!! Wonderful Suite and Lots of Space!!	This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel in the last few years and the quality and service is very consistent! The rooms are very clean and spacious! The breakfast and nightly free drinks at the manager's reception is a HUGE plus!! I definitely recommend for anyone looking for exceptional value, great space and nice and clean rooms!!	
Jun 8 2008 	Most Amazing Experience with a Hotel I've Ever Had!!!	After reading several reviews (over 50) for places to stay in NYC, I was happy to see this one so highly rated. I took a chance and booked a room - first time in NYC. I just stayed there (June 7th).My flight was long and the taxi ride from the airport exhausting, so it was refreshing to be greeted by such a wonderful staff upon my arrival. The hotel lobby was spotless and the staff extremely courteous and professional. I was given fresh fruit upon check-in and treated like a preferred guest!The room was beautifully appointed, extremely clean and nice and cool. I had a great view of the Harbor as well. I ordered room service while there - though slightly expensive - the person delivering the food was right on top of things and the food was excellently prepared and plated. I had thought that there was something wrong with the AC one night during my stay and called down to the front desk. A facilities guy was there within a few minutes, was kind, professional and even though it was MY error - didn't know how to work the AC correctly - he was patient and understanding. I received two phone calls from Guest Services and the Dining Manager while I was there - something that has never happened to me before - to make sure that my experience was a positive one and that I had everything that I needed.I did not participate in the free breakfast or manager's reception. However, that is a nice bonus! Chevy's is a cool Mexican bar located downstairs and there are restaurants/movie theaters right across the street and on property.I have zero complaints about this hotel. It was a fabulous experience and I will recommend this place to everyone I know. The rates are decent, the hotel is beautiful, the room is excellent and the service is superior all the way around.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great Value for NYC	This Embassy Suites hotel is a great value for the money when staying at New York City. Although the room rates are higher than they were when we stayed in 2003, it still can be a bargain since the price of hotels in the city has really gone up as a whole. The hotel is located in the upscale Battery Park City section of lower Manhattan, about a block from the World Trade Center site.The Chambers Street subway station is about 3 blocks away, and you can catch local E line subway service at The World Trade Center site just over a block away. The hotel itself is gorgious. Almost all rooms overlook a large 20 story atrium, and all rooms are at least 2 room suites, so this is great for families with children who need a bit more space. There is a separate bedroom with 1 or 2 beds, and a living room with comfy chairs and a sleeper sofa. There is also a wet bar with a microwave and refrigerator. These rooms are actually larger than many Manhattan studio apartments.The breakfast is bountiful, and features made to order omelettes and other hot breakfast items, aswell as fresh fruit, yogurt and cereal. There is also an evening Manager's Reception, where complimentary alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks are served, as well as snacks. This hotel is a great choice for those who want to get the most for their money while traveling to NYC. The location is excellent, although you must take a subway or cab to get to midtown; the subway is actually one of the highlights of the trip in my opinion. It is also quieter than the hustle and bustle you find in Midtown. You will not be disappointed when you stay here.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This was probably one of the best, if not THE best, hotels I have ever stayed in. The view of the Hudson is wonderful. The hotel is in walking distance of Battery Park and just over the river, you can see the Statue of Liberty...she is small...but you can see her. Ground Zero was the view we had from our room window which was a bittersweet feeling. The area is in the financial district of Manhattan and was very safe. There is a bar downstairs called Chevys that has excellent food and friendly bartenders. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. As with all Embassy Suites, the breakfast was incredible. There is a manager's reception that was nice too. There is also a killer shoe store in this place as well. Word of advice....book through a third party discount site such as Priceline, Orbitz, hotels.com, etc... We did and we saved quite a bit of money...however, when we attempted to book an extra two nights at the hotel WITH the hotel...you wouldn't believe the astronomical price they quoted us. Definitely book early and online for the best price. Overall....excellent hotel with wonderful memories.	
May 22 2008 	Nice modern hotel in Lower Manhattan	My buddies and I did a quick weekend in NYC and stayed here. Modern hotel, with nice furnishings. Perfect for 3 guys, since two got beds and the third got the pullout couch. Unlike some other reviewers, we didn't really notice any noise from adjoining rooms. The breakfast area gets a little crowded in the morning, but you can get omelets to order, and pancakes are available in addition to the traditional buffet layout of bread, bacon, sausage, cereal, etc. Friendly, helpful service here; room service servers, front desk staff, bell staff and doormen are proficient without being too overbearing.For families that are in NYC for theaters and museums, the location in lower Manhattan may be a turnoff. However, it is a short walk to a subway station, and a quick ride to Midtown. Also, you are a short walk to Battery Park, making the Statue of Liberty a little more accessible. We made it to Midtown from our location, and it didn't take long at all. Considering the prices of NYC hotels, a suite here is a good bargain, and one well worth considering.	
May 12 2008 	Breakfast was great.	We stayed at the Embassy Suites for just one night on a quick trip to see the Yankees play. We booked through JetBlue vacations and were very happy with the results. The hotel was located in an outstanding location when you have just two days in the city. I'd say 100 yards from the World Trade Center Site and it was a quick walk to the Subway (World Trade Center) and close to the PATH.Breakfast was outstanding with tons of choices and hot. We had omlets cooked to order and also had yogurt, pastries and choices of pancakes, cereals and more. The rooms were clean and large. Even with the Sofa made into a bed there was room to walk around the room.The staff were more than willing to hold our baggage when we checked out for $2 a bag and we took off to see the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island before we caught our 7pm plane.	
May 11 2008	Great new york hotel -a real find.	Great value ,Great service,great space!We stayed in a superior suite which cost us about £800 for a family of 4 for 6 nights. The rooms were very comfortable and spacious and kept immaculately clean. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff without exception.Great included breakfast (could be a bit of a scrum at peak times but the food was hot fresh and plentiful.We are a family who like our comforts and we weren't disappointed.There is no restaurant in the hotel after breakfast but seek out the pizzeria (also serves salads and pasta) round the back of the hotel.And yes it was a bit of a trek to the subway but only took 10 mins max.Overall great especially for families whose children are not yet old enough for their own room.Hilary Bedfordshire	
May 10 2008 	Did not want to leave	My husband and I had 8 nights at this hotel and we did not want to leave.This was our first visit to NY, the location was great, I enjoyed coming back to more of a quiter location after being out in the hustle and buslte of NY.We were staying at the hotel when the pope was in town, and lots of streets were blocked off on the morning he was at ground zero, did not bother us we went back to our room and watched the service on tv.There are some great restaurants in the financial area, and I loved walking around the area along by the river,particularly at night with a great veiw of New Jersey and the Statue of Liberty.The hotel staff were extremely freindly, free breakfast was a great bonus, and so too was happy hour, we took advantage of this a few nights :-) My husband does not drink much so I had most of the vouchers, (note to ones self dont over do it when you have a helicopter ride booked the next morning)Get up early for breakfast though as it is very crowed and noisy, I am not much of a morning person at the best of times, so I disliked the noise.I agree the walls are very very thin and one night I was woken to the couple in the room next door (making their own sex in the City). I thought it was funny.We had a veiw out of our window over a construction site, that did not bother me I was not in my hotel room long enough to be gazing out of the window, and we hardly noticed the noise, we were on the 16th floor.Our friends stayed right in the middle of Times Square and wished they had booked at the Embasy Suites, as the location is quieter.Would love to come back again	
May 9 2008 	super	large room; well cleaned. excellent breakfast.frendly staff	
May 6 2008 	It was a great experience when I stayed there. Pre construction!	I stayed at the Embassy Suites a year ago September and had a great visit. When we were there the Condo building that now completely blocks the view was not there. We had an amazing view of the River. We had no problem with noise from the room next door and at that time there was construction out front but did not hear it. I cannot comment on the happy hour because I did not go to it but the free breakfast was nice but prepare for it to be crowded. But it is a hot meal not a cold continental breakfast and in NY a free breakfast is one less meal you have to pay for. Please note that the Embassy Suites is NOT near mid town where the theatre and main sights are. It is in lower manhattan near the World Trade Center sight. It is in the financial district which is very quiet at night. I actually liked it for a change. I usually stay mid town. There is a Chevy's restaurant, a movie theatre and DSW shoe store in the ES complex. The world financial center is directly across the street with a lot of restaurants and stores. A Starbucks is there too. I love the restaurant Southwest NY which is in the world financial center. The view is great from the restaurant. I would definitely stay at the Embassy Suites again!	
May 4 2008 	Very Good Hotel i liked it lots.	We arrived at the embassy suites after a tortureous shuttle ride from JFK. It was a relief to see a clean and modern hotel. The reception staff were friendly and useful and explained everything we needed to know to us. We were given ample amounts of vouchers for breakfast and the managers drinks reception between 5.30 and 7.30. We requested a high floor, which they accomodated giving us the fifteenth floor (very quiet).The room is more than big enough for 2. We had a massive king bed and a television both in the bedroom and in the living room area. Bathroom was nice and modern enough.Breakfast was good enough, not much variety but i have stayed in other hotels in NYC before and breakfast is a privilege in most hotels, so you have to take advantage. Breakfast had bacon, sausage, scrambled egg, potatoes, bagels, muffins and bread. You could ask for an omelette to be made to order with a host of added ingredients. Good breakfast to be had and certainly filled me up for the day.Only went to the managers reception once, though you did see the same old faces attending for the free drinks each night. We preferred to see NYC as much as we could than go for a free drink. Was nice to be offered though.Maid service was good, came back each day to a very clean room. They changed bedsheets every 3 days.So no complaints, i have been to NYC twice before and this is the best hotel so far.However, if you have walking difficulties, then the walk to the subway is about 10 minutes. At times i wished the hotel was more midtown but the location is nice enough, just a little out the way for the evening stuff. However, if you want to find a nice pub in the evening, there are plenty close by. Also close to Tribeca and Soho, so not far to go for a bite to eat either.Also, world financial center has lots to offer over the road, so you can get your hotel nibbles and stuff. Microwave in the room too if you wanted to buy something to eat in.So a great hotel, a little bit away from the NYC mania, but for me that was a good thing. And if needs be, a taxi is only $20 to midtown.	
May 3 2008 	I love the hotel	I love the hotel, fantastic location. The service was outstanding and the room clean.We will be back!	
Apr 30 2008	Great Location Okay experience	I stayed here for two nights for the Tribeca Film Festival, and the hotel is in a fantastic location. Walking distance to Tribeca, Soho, maybe not the Village, but it is right next to the World Financial Center. The interior is very modern as well as the rooms. The walls were quite thin however, and we could hear other people's conversations in the middle of the night. The breakfast is very nice as well as the other amenities. I would stay here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice for Lower Manhattan. I think there are a lot of other nice boutique and even chain hotels in the area. As for proximity to the Festival, you are best off staying in Soho or Tribeca, since the location of this hotel is quite far south.	
Apr 30 2008 	We wanted to like it but it was ultimately too noisy!	As others have indicated the staff is friendly and the rooms are updated / quite nice. However, this can't make up for the negatives we experienced. The walls are thin - we could hear conversations next door. That would have been tolerable if not for the LOUD construction at the crack of dawn (and NOT Ground Zero construction). Huge steel beams were being pounded into the ground directly across the street. The pounding continued on/off throughout the day. I can tolerate most construction noise but this was unbearable. My GF was not feeling well so stayed in the room while I went into the office. I called her later to let her know I was able to get tickets to a show and to jump in the shower / get ready to go out. When i arrived back at the hotel I found she was unable to shower because the shower knob had stripped. She ended up having to wash her hair in the sink. Fortunately the maintenance people were able to fix the problem while we were gone and we didn't have to change rooms. The next morning we awoke to the same LOUD pounding at the crack of dawn. We could hear our neighbors swearing at the noise as they left the room. We hadn't slept well so to be able to sleep we moved to the entry room with the hideabed and closed the bedroom door. We got some sleep but it was quite uncomfortable. At checkout I was a little surprised the staff didn't inquire about how our stay was. Did they anticipate our response wouldn't be positive? I politely asked to talk to the manager and let him know we didn't appreciate the constructions noise and we would have appreciated a warning in advance of booking. The manager played dumb about the noise initially, then when I specifically mentioned the loud pounding he informed us that everywhere in NYC it would be &quot;noisy&quot; and claimed they had no advance warning of the posts going in across the street. I really doubt this as the noise was so loud you'd think they would need a special permit. I suppose it's not thehotel's fault about the construction noise, but for all the pain and suffering we endured all the manager offered was to &quot;pass on&quot; our comments, which only left us more disappointed.	
Apr 29 2008	Maybe it's me...	We just stayed there for a quick weekend trip - way off the beaten path for going to the theatre (which we were) but we weren't able to book Doubletree as originally hoped. It is a nice enough hotel but the room seemed smaller than Doubletree. It was probably due to there not being a window in the living room area plus we had an extra person with us as well. The location would be great for travelers looking for sites in this area but the current construction going on to rebuild does make for a little bit of an inconvenience that will not exist later on. Don't get me wrong - it was a decent hotel - rooms are very clean. Breakfast was very crowded and the food wasn't great - cold eggs which was a surprise given how busy the place was. Happy hour is fine but again, long lines and very busy which is to be expected. Snacks were pretzel mix and tortilla chips with salsa. Overall, I was satisfied but not impressed - I would stay here again but only if I had to.	
Apr 24 2008 	Super comfort in a family friendly location	Such soft comfy beds and sofa I have rarely experienced! Lovely suites with bedroom, bathroom and lounge. Coffee maker and microwave for take-outs and &quot;doggie-bags&quot;. Plenty of restauarnts and take-outs nearby. Two free drinks each evening in the bar, with large measures, and free nibbles to go along with them. Breakfast each morning is a good buffet affair with a counter for cook-on-the-spot omelettes and pancakes. There is no formal dining room as such in this hotel, but plenty of fun eateries around the perimeter. Area is safe and family-friendly. Not very many shops, but their is a good discount shoe store, DSW behind hotel along with a cinema. Beautiful linear park stretches all the way south to Battery Park at the tip of Lower Manhattan view views of the Statue of Liberty &amp; Ellis Island. Lovely trees and flowers, birds and squirrels. Plenty of seats, playgrounds, charming sculptures which will amuse the children. Boat marinas and river trips. Everything superbly maintained and very salubrious.	
Apr 24 2008 	very nice time	Let me start by saying I love this website and we really rely on people's comments whenever we go away. We really read and take the advice of our fellow travelers. That being said, let me add my two cents - We went with another family, requested adjoining rooms and got them. Very spacious, very clean. The breakfast was great to be quite honest. No it is not gourmet. Thanks to the advice of people from this website we learned that we had to get up early to avoid the lines. There was cooked to order eggs, coffee and juices, bagels and breads, buffet eggs, bacon and sausage (lets face it, have you ever had great eggs from a buffet?) plus fresh fruit. We really filled up - it worked for us. The managers reception was another nice touch - we got two drink passes per day per registered guests (there were 10 of us total - 6 of them non drinkers) Needless to say the four of us had fun. The kids got free soda and juices, they also had chips and salsa, pretzle mix, popcorn etc. This location was great for us because we really felt safe and it was rather quiet. If your looking for time square type of action this is not the hotel. We were able to walk to everything and used the subway a few times. Get a good map and plan out in advance what it is you want to see. Also, we had to call down and two occasions once for extra towels and once for additional blankets - our request was filled right away. To sum it up - if your looking for nightlife or a romantic getaway this probably isn't it. If your a family like us who took the train into Penn Station ($12.00 taxi) and wanted to do all the tourist things and like the feeling of a good value this is it.	
Apr 21 2008 	Comfortable nice location worth the money	If you are tired of the noisy and cheap (though ultra expensive) atmosphere of hotels in more touristy areas of NY, you will be totally pleased to stay in the Embassy Suites. The harborview is amazing, if you are lucky like I was you get a sunny day to walk by the harbour. The area is nice, not noisy, plenty of small coffee shops and nice restaurants around. The room is spacious, well designed, great quality of linens, furniture, everything. Staff really friendly and the arquitecture of the hotel is just great. Nice breakfast too. Would stay there again and again.Frequent NY Visitor, NJ	
Apr 21 2008 	Perfect Views	We stayed at the embassy suites on the return to New York before flying home. We had previously stayed at the Double Tree Guest Suites and spent a lot of time deciding between the two locations. Both locations are good. Theres so much to see you can't go wrong. We visited Ground Zero, The financial district, Broolkyn Bridge and of course Centuary 21. The area around this part of Manhattan is much slower paced with a long promenade along the Hudson with people walking and jogging. There are many good resturants which bring the place alive at night. Our stay in these suites was for 2 nights. We went for a harbour view and it is worth the extra. At night I left the curtains opened and enjoyed the lights from the other side.Our accomodation was okay with the furniture having seen better days. Breakfast was a bit like a chimps tea party with a shortage of cleared tables. People hogging tables while others with hot food were left wandering in search of space to eat. The breakfast was the usual Embassy standard with less choice than the others we have stayed in. Still great value as is the managers reception between 5.30 - 7.30 offers complimentary drinks and snacks.I also didn't like the interior of the hotel I felt the chairs in the dining area were poor quality. It reminded me of a school canteen which could have been decorated a bit more to give a bit of atmosphere. That said would I go back - you bet, but I'll be getting up earlier for breakfast.	
Apr 20 2008	great for a family stay in NY	We stayed here for 3 nights as a stop-over/sightseeing weekend en route from London to the Turks and Caicos. We have 2 young kids (ages 4 and 7) and found the hotel to be perfect for our trip. The suite was spacious with 2 double beds in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The sink/microwave area was useful but a fridge for storing milk etc. for the kids would have been more useful than one of those silly fully stocked minibars. Oh, and a kettle rather than a coffee maker for us English tea drinkers!The inclusive breakfast was great, lots of choice and the free drinks and nibbles in the evening a bonus for a NY hotel. We had a great meal in one of the restaurants in the hotel complex one evening (Applebees). The hotel was clean and the staff on the desk and concierge were very helpful. We liked the quieter position (it was the weekend) of the hotel and despite some comments from this website we can't understand why some folk had some problems with walking. I know Americans are known for driving everywhere but our 5 year old managed to walk to and from the subway quite easily. Our two kids even walked all the way to the Liberty/Ellis Island ferry on our first morning (25 mins) , a lovely walk along the River bank.We would defintely stay again if we visited NY.	
Apr 17 2008 	A little out of the way but an excellent stay	A great rate showcased by Travelzoo ($199 a night) sealed the deal on this hotel, since my kids (who the trip was centered around) prefer to be in the thick of things and Embassy Suites definitely isn't. However, both the 1 &amp; 9 and A-C-E subway lines were a five minute walk away and the area itself is beautiful, with the Irish Hunger Memorial, a park and the Hudson River right in front of us.The hotel itself was extremely nice. The room was a bit smaller than I expected (long and narrow--our one-bedroom at Radio City Apartments last year was actually bigger) but nicely appointed...the kids (17 and 15) loved the beds and even the sleeper sofa was relatively comfortable. The complimentary breakfast worked well, although my son complained about some of the quality, which reminded me of the old joke &quot;the food was awful....yes, and such small portions&quot;. I thought it was perfectly fine.Thought the evening reception was kind of silly, but I guess if you''re hanging with a crowd, it's more fun...there were just three of us.The staff was very friendly and special mention has to be made of Cynthia, one of the housekeepers. She was so friendly and went out of her way to say hi and ask how our day was. We talked her up big time on the comment cards.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great hotel	Just returned from a long weekend at Embassy Suites NYC. My wife and I and my 18 year old son shared a room. The suite worked well for this. He got the sofa bed in the living room and we got the king bed in the separate bedroom. Asked for a high room with a water view and loved it. Room was huge by NY standards and I found a $179/night weekend rate through TravelZoo - including full breakfast and cocktail reception each evening. Subway was about 10 minutes away and easy to find. Cabs were always available and the hotel hooked us up with an SUV car service back to Laguardia for $45 - the same thing a cab would have cost, but much nicer.The concierge service was extremely helpful and helped us with dinner reservations on a Friday night for a great meal at Tremonte in Midtown. I had never heard of it, but when we couldn't get into Becco, he recommended this place across the street. The food was excellent, service was great and moderately priced.All in all, it was a great experience at Embassy Suites. The neighborhood was pretty quiet in the evenings, but very safe. A Duane Reade drugstore in the residential area across the street was great for snacks/drinks for the room and an other last minute needs you might have. We would definitely go back at this price!	
Apr 13 2008 	off the beaten path but close to everything	updated, modern decor for an embassy suites. interesting contemporary art in rooms and public spaces. very clean and spacious rooms. we were fortunate to have a fantastic view of the hudson river. the neighborhood is out of the way, but accessible by subway or taxi. it's separated from trendy Manhattan and the bustling financial district by the West Side Highway. outside the hotel is the battery park esplanade, a beautiful and safe walk along the hudson river, frequented by locals with baby strollers and dogs. on north end ave is a 24 hour small grocery with good fresh sandwiches. also a highschool, retirement home, and ballfields. the suburbs in a small corner of Manhattan!	
Apr 11 2008 	GREAT choice for a week long stay with some 'issues'	Like most previous reviews, we were impressed from arrival till departure.The staff are VERY accomodating. The provision of fresh fruit is definitely a nice touch.We were on the Top floor (great views) but not for the faint hearted as you need to cross a bridge from the elevators to the rooms - great for our 5 year old!!Room was clean and fresh. Linen crisp. Plenty of storage. Dry cleaning wasn't too bad on rates either and VERY quick service.Air con/heating was a great comfort as the weather was COLD!Despite the extensive road works, scaffolding, lorries, etc going on all over the area (and believe me it is EVERYWHERE) we weren't bothered by noise at all (we were on the side facing a lot of the work, so it can't be as bad as mentioned by others)The bus M20 stops almost outside and takes you right up the island, GREAT bonus when you just can't manage another day of walking!The subway is 3 blocks away and tour bus pick up stops are 3/4 blocks away tooThere is a cinema actually in the hotel (not something that we had realised when booking, but handy!)Breakfast was fab. Lots of choices, incl fresh fruit each dayBusiness center was well equipped. with additional internet/PC's available in receptionNow for a few 'issues' .....ROOM SERVICE IS INCREDIBLY EXPENSIVE and quite frankly NOT worth the money! It cost &quot;128 bucks&quot; for 3 of us to have a 1 course meal (one spagetti, one ribeye and one burger with 2 sides to share and that is WITHOUT drinks).Get to breakfast EARLY. Luckily we did, however, as we were leaving each day the queues were right outside into the foyer!The windows are not 'sealed' and there is a bad draft (not good when the outside temp is only about 4/50 degrees!)We were a little DISAPPOINTED that our bedding was not changed on a day that we had a little spillage and the sheet clearly needed changing. :-(Luggage storage on our last day cost 10 bucks. not a lot, I suppose, but worth mentioning for those on a budget	
Apr 9 2008 	Great base for the city	Just spent a week at the hotel - really nice place to stay - friendly and easy for a family of 5. Rooms great, comfy and clean and everything works. Kids enjoyed breakfast options and even the managers reception. Various options on site for food, but other good cheap food options within walking distance. I know others have commented on the distance from the subway, but it's only about half a mile and it's a pretty interesting walk past the developing WTC site - and the M20 bus stops right outside the hotel, which is great for getting up to midtown (a much more scenic journey than the subway). The proximity to the financial district offers a (relatively) quieter location, but there's still loads to see down there and the walks around battery park are great. Don't bother with the unfriendly mini-supermarket just up the road, but do try the cheap pizzas at Rosella's on William st where you can feed a family for $25	
Apr 7 2008	Love Embassy Suites	This is actually easy to navigate on the train because if you are only visiting Manhattan, most things are uptown and coming back to your hotel is simple because it's almost always Downtown. Hard to get lost really. I think the breakfast is great for the typical American family. It was tasty, filled you up for HOURS and was FREE. We really didn't eat much because we all felt so satisfied for most of the day. Hence, more money for shoes!!! The lines are not that bad...hello you're in New York, get used to lines.I love the all-suite hotel. If you have children, or you have people who are early to bed with the insomniacs, both can do what they like without fear of bothering others. There can be a moment of privacy.The decor here is a little odd. I like bright colors, but this hotel just doesn't seem to &quot;go&quot; together. The main areas are not very cohesive. That beng said, I didn't spend much time in the hotel anyway...so who cares. The rooms were nice, Crate and Barrel or CB2- ish. And as always, the Hilton family hotels have VERY comfortable beds and GREAT pillows. I love their pillows.The area is QUIET at night. It is in the financial district, so many things are closed, especially on the weekend. But it is very close to livelier neighborhoods.	
Mar 23 2008 	Apples for these teachers	A bowl of apples at the registration desk signifies friendly hospitality to this pair of teachers, who stayed at the Embassy Suites for four nights in March 2008. Everyone we dealt with was cheerful, polite, accommodating. We were upgraded to a Hudson River view without asking, although we were paying under $300/night (taxes included). Generous complimentary breakfast and evening reception. We wanted to stay longer, but they had no vacancy. Quiet location, 4 blocks from subway E train, which connects to the JFK Airtrain. One block north on North End Ave are a pharmacy and a health food grocery. A short walk to lots of restaurants on Greenwich St. Warning: walls are thin, gaps below doors are too wide-- pray for quiet neighbors.	
Mar 18 2008 	Comfortable and creative	My wife and I went to New York City for a long weekend and stayed at the Embassy Suites Hotel New York for the first two nights of our stay. We were really impressed by the ease of check in. Since I used Priceline.com to book my stay, the self-checkin kiosk didn't work for me, but I love the idea that it was there. The front desk attendant was very friendly and gave us a stack of complimentary drink vouchers for the nightly happy hours, and our free breakfast coupons for each day of our stay. Apparently, for staying with the hotel you get free breakfast everyday. More on that later.The entire hotel has been designed with a contemporary art theme. It is bright and colorful, but a little weird. The pastel colors were strange to see in hotel, for me. But it created a very comfortable and friendly feel. The room was a one bedroom suite, and was very nice. The furniture was comfortable and stylish, and the room was plenty spacious. The bed was comfortable and the linens were soft. The bathroom was pretty standard for hotels of this level. We had a decent view of the New York harbor from our bedroom window. It was diagonal across the street, but we could see the water and into New Jersey a bit. It was very pretty. Below, there was some cool monument to the Irish Potato Famine. It was raised up field of sorts and gave you the feel of a hill in Ireland. Out of place in Manhattan, but really cool too.Breakfast, while free and much appreciated, was adequate but not spectacular. We had two choices, which was nice. The first is buffet style hot and cold breakfast. The second is cook-to-order hot breakfast. That was a nice touch, but I wouldn't know how good the food was since the line was out the door. It was crowded, but we didn't have a hard time finding a place to sit.The hotels location leaves something to be desired for the tourist traveller. It is located in the Financial District of Manhattan and isn't really close to anything exciting. Ground Zero is a few blocks away and the 1,2,3,C, and E subway lines are all within 5-10 minute walks. The hotel website describes 5 or so restaurants in the complex and a movie theater. There were a few restaurants, but a couple other had closed down. The movie theater was there but we didn't go in. Across the street, there was another building that has a Bank of America, Rite Aid, Starbucks, and a few restaurants in it.Overall, the hotel was nice and comfortable. We enjoyed our stay, and appreciated the peace and quite of the downtown location. There isn't a lot to do near the hotel, and it isn't close to many of the typical attractions, but it was great once we were inside the building. It does take a while to get back there if you're anywhere midtown or above. If you don't mind, it's worth the stay.l	
Mar 17 2008 	overall good experience	stayed here with 4 others for a week which included a 5 year old. First time in NYC so can't compare it to other hotels in the area, but would stay here again. Employees are friendly and hotel is well appointed. Breakfast is great and evening reception is nice. Dont make the assumption you have to talk to anyone like I did it is just like anywhere else in NYC in that regard. the location is good when you want to get away from the nightmare of times square, but was inconveinent to the subway routes, which are about 3 blocks away and hard to find. cabs are everywhere and lots of them. Did have a problem with no hot water at 11am so if you want a hot shower take it early! There is a cinema and retail stores on the back side of the hotel. No wait on elevators. Just be aware the location is in the financial area, not the touristy area.	
Mar 6 2008 	Nice Hotel Pretty Good Value	We stayed in the Embassy Suites in downtown NYC over a weekend when we were in town for a wedding. I was very pleased. The weekend rate was very good -- $239/night. The hotel is slightly set apart from the fray of Manhattan, situated near the World Financial Center a block from the Hudson, but it's only a couple of blocks from the subway and it was really easy to catch a cab right outside. It also looked just like it does on its web site, well decorated with lots of art. The rooms were very big for NYC. They offered a hot breakfast, as usual for Embassy Suites. My only very minor nitpicks: the shampoo was lousy -- turned my hair into a rats' nest. And the towels were really scratchy. Overall, this was a great place, and I'd definitely stay there again and recommend it to my friends.	
Mar 3 2008 	We'll be back - but not before 2011	Stayed at the Embassy Suites in Manhatten - it was our fourth time there but unfortunately it will be the last for a while. There is a lot of construction going on within a few metres of the hotel - all night trucks are coming and going even at 2 and 3 in the morning! - blowing their horns and reversing making 1 hell of a racket. We stayed there two night both nights were terible so not a one off. When I spoke to someone at the desk - he shrugged his shoulders said it was beyond the hotels control and that the constrcuction work wouldn't be finished for three years. Otherwise the hotel was fine but the positives don't come close to balancing out the negatives and for the amount you are charged best to look elsewhere.	
Feb 28 2008 	Great Choice	First New York Trip and got very lucky getting to The Embassy Suites Hotel. The hotel is in lower Manhanttan in Battery Park.The hotel is very modern and clean. Check in was fast and easy. Was given free breakfast tickets and drinks tickets for everyday we were in the hotel. The breakfast is buffet style and the food was good. This is a great start to the morning considering how expensive Manhanttan could be thru out the day.Our room was a king size bed facing the water. Due to new construction could barely see the statue of liberty from our room.The room is separated from the &quot;living room&quot; area. The couch pulls out and there is a TV in each living area.I highley recommended this hotel.It sits 1 block from battery park and around the corner from the twin towers site (under construction for memorial)Much quietier than Times Square.I would stay here again.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great Hotel - Feels Like home	This hotel is truly a great place to stay, as long as it is not your first visit to NYC. If you are there for business then it's perfect, but if it's your first time as a tourist then it is a bit out of the way.We spent 2 weeks at the Embassy Suites in Feb 08 &amp; it really felt like a 2nd home.The rooms are very large &amp; comfortable &amp; have a separate bedroom &amp; 2 TV's. The walls are a bit thin but as long as you have &quot;normal&quot; neighbours everything will be ok. The room has a microwave &amp; coffee making facilities. However there are no plates or cutlery - do not call room service for these items as they will charge you about $3 per spoon &amp; $2 delivery......... crazy!The hotel itself has about 7 pretty good places to eat, a gym, a cinema &amp; a shoe discount store (men watch your women closely).The nearest subway station is either Chambers St or the WTC station &amp; both are only a few blocks away (about 5 mins). Taxi's &amp; buses can be caught at the front of the hotel.The views from the hotel are great (overlooking New Jersey). At night everything nearby is closed or too far to walk to. But as mentioned there are many places to eat within the hotel.This is a great place to stay if you are in NYC for an extended period of time or if you have not previously enjoyed the 24/7 sirens &amp; sounds around Times Square.	
Feb 21 2008 	Embassy Has It All	Am writing this review @ an internet station in the lobby of the Embassy Suites Hotel, while we wait for our shuttle pick up to JFK.Have had a great 5 days stay here, our 1st at this hotel but not in NY. My girlfriend &amp; I wanted a week of shopping, sightseeing and dining and booked a package through Expedia. Embassy Suites was rated highy on TA site so decided to choose it and dont regret it for a moment.Most has been mentioned on previous reviews, spacious rooms - a suite which had 2 large beds in a bedroom and sparate lounge with table, chairs, sofa &amp; armchair and large tv. We had a separate sink, with coffee filter machine, tea &amp; coffee provided, also a microwave and a safe. Be warned though no kettle for teamaking - so I took my own. Temperature was controllable so although it has been cold here; -5C today, bright blue skies and brilliant sunshine, we were warm. Beds as mentioned in other reviews, were very confortable and 3 large soft pillows for each bed were provided also extra blankets if needed. We had a little problem with noise from the next room, but a call to front desk, got it sorted. Otherwise although our room faced a street, there was very little traffic noise at night.Help yourself breakfast was very good; cereals, dried fruit, sausage, crispy bacon, scrambled eggs, bagels, muffins, english muffins, toast,jams &amp; honey, porridge, fruit juices, melon, apples and bananas. You could also take food out in take away containers to your room. As breakfast included in the room rate in the US is unusual this saves a lot of monney if you had to eat in a cafe. We never had a problem with gettting seated at breakfast although we were there by 8.15am most mornings.We went to the Managers Drinks reception, a couple of times, 2 free drinks every night by voucher system. We had large bloody marys, which was nice before we went out to dinner. Pretzels and tortilla chips also help yourself.The area is a bit of a desert for restaurants but we had researched some not far away eg West Village, Tribeca etc and just got a taxi there &amp; back average cost was $7 - $8 a trip. Had a great French meal @ 'La Sirene' and a Cuban meal at 'Havana - Alba de Cuba' - check out reviews and addresses on www.menupages.com. I even booked these in advance at www.opentable.com! We found a great supermaket a couple of blocks away - walk through the World Financial centre, out the back and down 2 blocks, on the corner of Albany St is JJ Produce. They have a huge help yorself salad bar with lovely fresh ingredients, fresh fruit and hot dishes - all to take away. Didnt pay more that $5 for a lovely take away lunch when we were in the area.South Street Seaport is a short taxi ride away - lovely shopping and restaurants. We only used the subway once to get to Metropolitan Museum but very easy to use with a one day fun pass metrocard; $7 a day with unlimited rides on bus &amp; subway.Would recommend booking 'The Confino Tour' at Lower Eastside Tenment Museum - booked thru their website before we came - absolutely fascinating - an actress playing a 14yr old immigrant chats to you in her 2 room tenement which is exactly how it was left in 1916.The area around Embassy Suites is having a lot of construction work done and it took quite a while to find the nearest subway as there is a lot of pedestrian detours and roads blocked off around Ground Zero. You can have a lovely walk along by the river all the way to Battery Park to get the ferry to Liberty/Ellis Island. Another nice restaurant about 5 mins walk along by the river is Steamers Landing, great seafood - lovely view of the New Jersey shore across the Hudson - especially at night when we ate there on our last night.So all in all it was a great experience and as soon as we have saved up we'll be back!	
Feb 19 2008 	Large Modern Hotel	Seemed very new, very large open atrium, but more modern than most chezzy embassy suites. Room was amazing, was larger than some of my friends apts that live in the city. The location was good, but a little too lower manhattan with nothing around at night.	
Feb 1 2008 	Beautiful property odd location for tourist	This is a beautiful hotel, everything looks brand new. The rooms are large and very comfortable, NO complaints. If you are in the city for pleasure, it might be an odd location. It's close to Wall Street and the Financial Center so it might be more of a business person's location. It was a good walk to a subway station and sometimes difficult to catch a cab at peek times. It is also too far to walk to most places the pleasure traveler wants to go. That being said, I can't say enough about how nice the property overall and rooms are. The free breakfast and afternoon drinks can get very backed up when the property is full.Everything was very clean and staff very helpful. There is a Chevy's mexican food you can enter from inside the hotel.	
Jan 30 2008 	Thumbs up for Embassy Suites NYC	We just returned from a weekend in New York City and were so enthusastic about this hotel that I just have to recommend it to you. My husband and I are selective about where we stay and search for fairly priced hotels, did I mention that we are both former New Yorkers. This was our first visit to a hotel in the World Trade Center area. This hotel is still new. Accommodations were spacious, very comfortable with contemporary styling. Although making up in the bathroom would have been easier with an expanding makeup mirror attached to the nearby wall for close-ups, the lighting in the bathroom is fine for shaving and other grooming. This comment is minimized by the pluses for this hotel. The price-included full breakfast is served in a restaurant atmosphere with chefs preparing omelets to order. Everyone greets you with a smile and an offer to assist you: the bellman outside the front door, the hotel's front desk, the breakfast staff and room service. And the view of the Hudson River - beautiful! Taxis were always waiting and the train is a block away. We're definitely looking forward to our next stay.	
Jan 20 2008 	Very nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night before we left on a cruise out of New York. The staff were very helpful and the room was quite large with a couch, dining table/chairs and a kitchen area with sink, fridge and microwave. The bedding was very good and the bed was comfortable. The room was very clean and there was a TV in the bedroom and the living area. The room rate included a full buffet breakfast which was nice. I would recommend this hotel as it was close to the cruise terminal and downtown Manhattan.	
Jan 19 2008 	For the 2nd 3rd 4th or 5th time to NYC stay here forget about Times Square	Complimentary cooked to order breakfast – full hot buffet. Excellent food selections. There are facilities to take a bagel, muffin or coffee back to your room after break. Breakfast staff are great and you look forward every morning to their greeting. The chefs go out of their way to cook what you want.Of an evening there are free cocktails from 5:30pm-7:30pm plus a small selection of cocktail food – buffet style.There is complimentary internet in the business center and downstairs near the reception area. Reasonable price laundry facilities/Comfortable but small sized beds. Pull out sofa bed in lounge are. Full dining table with chairs. Large, deep sink in living area, with coffee making facilities on bench.There is a front entrance to the hotel and a rear entrance. With a bagel store and cinema downstairs, there’s also a Mexican bar for drinks and food. Large atrium area. The hotel is close to the World Trade Center site. There is a lot of work going on at the WTC site and other buildings around the hotel, you don’t hear anything though. The closest subway station is a couple of blocks away near the Century 21 store.You’re not missing out on anything by being downtown. We loved it!	
Jan 15 2008 	Great experience I will definitely stay there again!!	I stayed in the Embassy Suites from December 29, 2007 to January 2nd, 2008 and loved every moment of my trip. Check-in was easy and the service was great. Complimentary full breakfast and the manager's reception was full of options and with friendly staff. The rooms are big and comfortable. Everything is near and if not, the nearest subway station will make it close to you. The hotel also has vehicles avaible to take you somewhere if you don't want to use the subway or a taxi.  We were able to get late check out with out an additional charge.	
Jan 6 2008	Take home a bed bug or two ...	We stayed at the Embassy Suites on Dec. 23rd for one night. We had a king suite that appeared clean and fresh. We enjoyed our stay and planned to return in a few months. Unfortunately, we apparently carried bed bugs back home in our suitcases, as we are now dealing with an outbreak at home. As the Embassy Suites was our only hotel stay in the past several months, we can only assume that the room and/or luggage storage area had bed bugs. A few days after our stay, I'm experiencing multiple bites at night and we've even found two bugs on the bed. Long story short, our great rate at the Embassy Suites is going to cost us dearly in extermination fees, sleep loss and increased anxiety. Two things I've learned through this process: Don't bring your own pillow to a hotel, and empty your suitcase outside of the house on returning from a hotel stay.	
Jan 6 2008 	Disappointed for family trip	Based on the positive reviews, we selected the Embassy Suites for our family trip. I thought that this all suite hotel in lower Manhattan would be perfect for a large family-- IT WAS NOT. Although the two suites were clean, well-decorated and of good size, there are better selections available for family traveling to NYC. I looked forward to Embassy Suites features of microwave and refrigerator however, only paid Mini-bar was available. Yes, there was high speed internet available throughout the hotel but it cost additional $9.99 per day. Complimentary cooked to order breakfast unavailable because of long lines (there were only two lines into breakfast area-one for cooked to order and other for prepared items). Standing in very long line with frustrated, hungry children is not my idea of fun. We ended up going elsewhere and paying for breakfast. After breakfast issue, we we left our room around 11:00 a.m. Our room was never cleaned. Last but not least, is the lack of customer service. We asked for directions for subway to theater district. We were given a map and directions. However, when we returned from theater, the subway location was closed so we ended up at another subway stop. I am not familiar with lower Manhattan area. I called the hotel three times asking for assistance to find our way back to the hotel. Each time, I was put on hold. My battery went dead so we wandered through the streets because the map that we were given didn't show N. End street. Finally, we found a Marriott hotel and they provided directions back to our hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	excellent value	Nice hotel. Room is nice and big plus definite advantage having a separate living room area. We got it for a really good rate and couldn't fault it for price we paid. Breakfast is excellent. Theres also a really nice Mexican restaurant /bar in the complex with great happy hour deals midweek. Location is totaly dead though nighttime at w-end so you need to take subway to livelier places.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Manhattan Hotel!	We booked through Hotwire, so we weren't sure of the location or the hotel, but we got a really good rate for NYC. The hotel was pretty far downtown, but valet parking was convenient and the subway was really close.The room was spacious and very comfortable, and the fridge and &quot;kitchen&quot; sink were handy. The breakfast was outstanding--a huge selection of pastries, juice, fruit, etc. AND omelets and pancakes (choc chip!) made to order! If you wait til the end of breakfast, it's a lot harder to find seating, so try to wake up a little earlier. Otherwise, you could just take some food back up to your room. The mgr's reception was also great, with 2 free drinks per person and a nice array of snack food.I have no complaints about this hotel except the weak wireless signal in my room. For the most part, service was friendly and prompt. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 30 2007 	A great stay at the Embassy Suites	We booked in July so got a good price for our family of 5 for 5 nights over the Christmas holiday. We have previously stayed in midtown and were happy to stay somewhere else. We have been to this area before, so we knew that there wasn't a subway at the end of the block.We were delayed by nearly 12 hours, so check in at 4 am was swift! The complementary breakfast was very good, and was easy to navigate from the second day onwards, once we knew where things were. It was very busy at times, but it was holiday time and it was certainly easier to go for breakfast then go back to get ready to go out for the day than having to go out first to look for somewhere.The rooms were quiet, (compare staying in Times Square!), clean, and spacious. We had no problems with staff, although we had little need for direct contact, apart from requesting extra bedding which was provided very quickly.We were out most days during the evening reception, but caught the last few minutes one day. This would be ideal for people with young families to be able to have a drink without being out too late for the children.As in other reviews it takes a little time to get to the subway, but we found that the E train from WTC provided the closest option with access from the Vesey St/Church St junction and using the pedestrian walkway.The free Connexions bus which does a semi-circular route of the lower perimeter of downtown stops outside the hotel.The only problem we had was that the card keys became inactive on the 3rd day, and although one was sucessfully reactivated, two attempts with the other two failed.Check out was easy, the bill was correct and we were quickly provided with a 6 seater taxi for the trip to the airport.We would be more than happy to stay here again for a good price.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great family suites	We have just gotten home from a delightful family Christmas in NYC at the Embassy Suites. The Hotel is located just off the Hudson River and some rooms have water views. It's within walking distance to Battery Park where the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island Ferries are located, and only about 3 blocks to the nearest subway. I saw the bus many times though we never took it and taxis are plentiful. There are at least five restaurants just steps away, with 2 being inside the hotel. They have a cinema also. The suites are fairly roomy with a living room and separate bedroom, bath and a wet bar. The wet bar is nice but the little fridge was crammed full of their snacks leaving no room for our own favorites.When we checked in, we received coupons for a complementary buffet and/or cooked to order full breakfast each morning and a cocktail party each evening. I don't know if this is something they always do or if it was only offered for the Christmas Holidays. The breakfast buffet offered just about everything anyone could want. The food was pretty good and the wine at the cocktail party was surprisingly good. These kind of freebies are very welcome for a family in a city so expensive. The Hotel was very clean and tastefully decorated and the staff was pleasant and helpful. We shooed our housekeeper out of our suites on Christmas day hoping she could get home to her family sooner. I can't think of anything negative to say about this beautiful hotel. We would be happy to stay there again. I recommend it for all ages.	
Dec 10 2007 	Fantastic	Normally stay in Mid Town Manhattan and decided to stay down town for a change. So glad we did. Each morning there was a complimentary breakfast which was truly amazing. Everything for the traditional american breakfast..From 5.30pm there was complimentary voucher which entitled you to two free drinks and nibbles. When out for the day we never availed of this but many did. The rooms are very good and the service excellent. Century 21 is just 5min walk and the nearest subway is also 5mins. This hotel is very close to the ground zero which some tourtists may not like. In the financial trade centre there are some fantastic bars and beautiful eating places. My only critcisism is with the concerige, oh dear. We had an amazing amount of luggage and we needed an SUV to take us to airport, the concerige told us $200 but the bellhop was able to get it for us for $75.....The views from the hotel are beautiful, the statue of liberty and ellis island.Would really recommend it for location as the ever popular canal street is just a 10min walk away.	
Dec 2 2007 	Second stay - maybe the last?	In truth the ES isn't a BAD hotel - but you do pay a lot for the privilage of staying here - overall its more like a family resort hotel that a 4 star New York hotel. After a long flight we were told that check in was 4pm but since I was an honors member, the room would be ready at 3pm - leaving us to kill an hour when all we wanted was a hot shower. Is it really expecting too much to have a few rooms ready by 2.00pm? Check in after that was quick but indifferent.I'm going to be honest and say that I don't think the manager's reception is worth the hassle at this ES. Unless you get there at the opening hour then you will be faced with a long queue for drinks (although the bar staff work hard to serve people as fast as possible) - but there is no bar atmposphere and it's incredibly noisy. The same goes for breakfast - yes it''s &quot;free&quot; and it can set you up for a day's sightseeing but you are one again faced with a noisy and busy environment - I personally prefer to start the day in quieter surroundings. The rooms are fine - kept clean but they definitely need to be updated to look more modern. Housekeeping did a good job - remember to leave a tip each morning! Location is fine - the walk to the subway is barely 10 mins or you can get a cab from outside - bus too. If you honestly cannot be bothered with subways and taxis then you need to stay nearer midtown although a major benefit of this hotel is the quiet riverside location - the walk down to battery park in the evening (around the marinas etc) is lovely. Basically if you book this hotel in this location and then complain about the amount of travel to midtown then you need to do more research in future! :)Overall I think that for the price ($400 plus is not unusual) this is a disappointing experience compared with other 4 star hotels in NY. I like being downtown so next time I'll give the Hilton a try...or the Hyatt over the river.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good but....	This is a good hotel if you are the following. A family and you get a good price, buy that I mean Under $400. The check in is 4pm. But you may get lucky with some New York style friendllyness when you check in. The worst thing about this hotel is the mini bar that if you dare touch it will charge you for looking, and the fact that a porter takes your bags to the front desk and then leaves for someone else to take your bags to your room. This is a new york scam and I suggest people try to resist.THe location is good, but the area is dead at night nothing around at all. I would stay mid town if you were a couple same price better location. I have stayed here before and prob will again but not if I am paying, all my statys are on the company.	
Nov 28 2007	Excellent stay at the Embassy Suites	Had a fantastic time when I stayed here last December. We booked in February and managed to get an amazing deal on a 6 night stay. We were greeted by very friendly reception staff, check-in was a breeze and we were shown to our room really quickly.Th room itself was great, absolutely massive with separate bedroom and living areas. The room (including bathroom) was spotless and had everything we needed. The hotel was in a great location. Not qute as convenient as midtown, but so easy to get around. I don't know why there are so many complaints about the walk to the subway, it was just a couple of blocks and took about 5 minutes. It was easy to hail a cab in front of the hotel, and they had there own car service as well, so it was easy to get around.The big bonus of the hotel was he complimentary breakfast. There was loads of choice, the eggs cooked to order were great, and t really set us up for the day. The complimentary drinks in the evening were a plus too.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone. The only thing it lacks is the character and charm that boutique hotels have. But when I spend a week in New York, it's not to admire the inside of a hotel room! The staff were helpful and courteous all week, and nothing was too much trouble. Fantastic room, great location, excellent facilities and great breakfasts. Will definitely be returning!	
Nov 24 2007	good if you get a cheap deal	stayed at this hotel with my husband who had some business in the financial district. The check in was ok, but they tried to overcharge us on check out for the price of the room. Found this a bit strange as the hotel was pre booked on their website. This is the first time this has ever happened to me and i feel this was a bit naughty. BEWARE.... How many people can remember how much their hotel was booked for upon checkout.....The hotels very modern and is situated opposite the world financial centre and round the corner from the world trade center site. It is a ten minute walk to the nearest subway, WTC (E) or Chambers St(1). The walk can be a bit isolated of an evening and weekends local restaurants tend to shut around 10pm. There were restaurants in the building opposite that were open in the daytime. At the rear of the hotel there was a cinema and applebees, lilis noodles and coffee shop. These were open until early evening. The hotel has a managers coctail hour and upon check in you are given coupons for free drinks 2 per person per day. The hour starts at 530 and lasts for 2 hours. The bar is packed at this time but then shuts at 730. There was no room service food available after 11pm. The business centre was good. My husband paid 10 usd for internet per day and was able to print off confirmations etc from his laptop in the room to the business centre. The breakfast was poor i thought even if it was free. Eggs were cooked to order but the rest of the hot food was mass produced and at 7am it was cold...yuk....The tables were not cleaned around me in the 2 days i ate in there... It was so not nice that the third day i went to the starbucks in the WFC opposite. The rooms were big for new york city and had a living area with tv, microwave, sink and mini bar I(which was locked) the safe was underneath the mini bar. There was no cutlery in the room. The bedroom had another door and was comfortable. Would i stay again.... only if i got a bargain as the location is not that good for tourists as its a good half hour on the subway to times sq inc the walk to the subway. I would of used the bus outside if i had realised it went to times sq. We had a taxi to little italy and greenwich villiage and they cost 8 usd each time. My advice is the Marriott Financial centre is a better standard of hotel overall and much better breakfasts,.	
Nov 9 2007	Expensive yet strangely downmarket	I stayed here because I had to. It's a long story, but there was nowhere else. My first impressions were not good. I was greeted with breathtaking rudeness by the front desk staff (short, obnoxious bloke with strange hair) and subjected to a 30 minute check-in during which zero useful information was offered. Also, like other Hilton hotels, the whole place is engineered to extract even more money from guests during their stay. Internet access is $10 a day; there's no restaurant but room service attracts an 'additional' fee of about 30%; small bottles of mineral water are $4 etc etc. The rooms are ok, but suffer from a lack of natural daylight that doesn't make them a pleasant place to get work done. The location is not ideal (unless you're here for a meeting in the financial district) and it's a 10 min walk to the subway. The hotel lacks some basic amenities: the bar shuts at 7:30 pm! The clientele are - how can I put this? - not what you'd expect in a $500 a night hotel. And the decor is horrible. There are some positives - free drinks in early evening, complimentary breakfast, access to a good gym, but that's about it. For $500 a night you could do so much better.	
Nov 8 2007 	Great value hotel	Great hotel. Great breakfast, loads of choices, kept us going for the day nearly, great snacks and free drinks at cocktail hour in evening. There were five of us so one bedroomed apartment was a bit cramped but it was adequate. Quiet at night, beds comfortable, good maid service. Two blocks away from Century 21 shopping and we walked to Ferry for Statue of Liberty etc. Overall a great stay. only downside is location, taxis to theatres, macys ets. cost about $16 each way.Subway was about ten minutes walk. Didn't like it though. Was always packed and directions were not that clear. Take a cab.	
Nov 7 2007	M20 Bus stops next to hotel	The M20 bus stops next door to the hotel - go out the door, turn left, left at the corner and look for the Bus Stop sign. However, the bus is pretty slow getting up to Times Square, due to traffic. It's better for getting back to the hotel - after the evening commute is over. Although we often waited 20+ minutes for the bus, it did arrive to take us &quot;home&quot; from LIncoln Center or Times Square. Our group of several women felt safe, even returning at midnight. The subway is a 10 minute walk...great in the daytime, but when we used the subway to come back one night, we caught a cab from the station to the hotel.You can find the exact bus route and schedule on the MTA site.The friendly staff, spacious room and abundant breakfast were all excellent...although I'll agree that the bathroom walls need more soundproofing and the lobby artwork looks like crayon squiggles. This ES seemed very well run and the breakfast lines moved faster than one we visited this summer! Our favorite soon became the chocolate chip pancakes...we put peanut butter on them. : )	
Nov 5 2007	Nice Decor With Bas Service	This Embassy Suites right next to World Financial Center has very nice decor and facilities, however the service is bad. As a frequent business traveler, this is a very unsatisfactory experience.1. When I check out, the bell boy named SAMSON, an African American guy (indicating the ethnicity here just to help you to distinguish which bell boy, nothing to do with race) came to my room to pick up the luggage for storage. He stood there and asked for a tip before he did anything, then we gave him a tip, he gave me back a very bad attitude telling me &quot;That's not enough&quot;.This is a totally not acceptable attitude!! no hotel should allow any employees to ask for tips and give customers such an attitude. A bell boy's job is to pick up lugguages, tips is just an gratitude for the service, not a &quot;MUST PAY FEE&quot;. HOPE THIS IS NOT THE HOTEL POLICY&quot;I travel around the world, never see such a ridiculous attitude.***I highly advocate all travelers not to spoil these Bell boys, Taxi driver, waiters in NYC. They just take tips for granted, and these extra money are tax free!! If they want good tips, they need to earn it not ask for it. Most of the travelers are normal people who save up to have a vacation. Imagine if we pay tips to everybody serve us in the hotel or every restaurant, we will end up paying 50% more of our trip's budget. I don't think that's fair at all. THIS ATTITUDE HAS TO BE STOPPED.2. The front desk staff never smile, except a young guy called Darwin is very nice and with a welcoming attitude.3. The bus boy in the buffet breakfast restaurant always clean up my table while I went out for a second round or just grab another coffee. I was so frustrated cause I haven't finish my food yet. He also took my newspaper.4. The bathroom has no fan for ventilation but just a vent to let air out, there is always an odor every time when you stay there for more than 3 minutes, you can smell it. It is really unpleasant.5. The location is far from the subway station, you need to walk about 10 minutes, and there are very limited restaurants or shops nearby. You need to walk at least 15-25 minutes to reach the restaurant area like Tribecca, China Town....	
Nov 4 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	This hotel is the best I ever stayed in! The room are small suites with a living room, a small kitchenette, a spacious bathroom and a spacious bedroom. There are 2 TV (in living room + in bedroom), high-speed internet (for a fee unfortunately), all the products you need in the bathroom, an umbrella (!), etc. When checking in, you receive a voucher for the breakfast and 2 vouchers for free alcoholic drinks at the bar during the evening reception (happy hours: 17H30 to 19H30). The bar is crowded and quite noisy but they serve big glasses and there is also a free food buffet where you can get cheese, nachos, popcorn, chips, vegetables (dips), ... The breakfast buffet is also good but, as European, I found that the omelette was not hot enough and had a strange taste, the coffee is too strong and I missed croissants and bread. I suppose they don't eat that in the USA. The orange juice is a real one! They also serve pancakes. Check-in was quick and really welcoming, the panoramic elevator brings you to your floor. A really excellent hotel! We paid 300$ for 1 night for 2 adults, breakfast and taxes included.	
Oct 31 2007 	Solid Hotel	Intro:A very good hotel that I would recommend staying at while visiting Manhattan.Rooms:The best part of the hotel. The rooms are spacious, well designed and very comfortable.Note: Although not important to me, the lobby is very sterile and the artwork is pretty lame. I think they should hire a new interior designer.Complimentary Breakfast/Early Evening Drinks:A very smart idea that other hotels in Manhattan should copy. By going the extra mile in providing the breakfast and drinks, they make the guests feel welcomed and I think this is one of the main reasons this hotel gets such a high rating.Note: Again, if they spent just a little bit more money on interior design and table/chairs in the eating/dinks area, it would be that much better.Location:Well, after seeing all of Manhattan, there is no perfect location. Since everything is everywhere, you just have to pick a location that is suitable to your tastes. I found Times Square quite tacky and tourist central so I was glad we weren't staying there. This hotel is quite close to Tribeca, Soho, and a short cab to Nolita and the Lower East Village. We like to walk to get a sense of the neighbourhoods so we didn't mind the location. If you want to be in the hussle and bussle, I would stay in mid town. The area is quiet at night but you can always hop on a cab or ride the subway.Overall:I would recommend this hotel for its excellent rooms, value, and complimentary breakfasts/drinks. Enjoy!	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice hotel for a weekend stay	We arrived on Saturday, Oct. 27th at about 4:30 p.m. The bellmen were waiting by the door to assist with luggage. They were very friendly and helpful. Check-in took about 15 minutes due to lack of staff but that wasn't a big issue for us since there were lounge chairs nearby to sit and wait. We had booked two king rooms and were instead provided with double rooms. The bellman contacted the front desk and negotiated on our behalf. We then received a gracious apology from the front desk. unfortunately they only had 1 king room available so we took it and my parents were offered $100 off their room for the inconvenience. Later that evening we inquired about availability of a king room and to our surprise, one became available! My parents were moved to the king room and still received the $100 off. The rooms are a little dated and the showers could use new caulking or at least a mildew removal. However, the room was clean and the bed firm but comfy. They also give you down pillows which is a nice touch. We didn't get a chance to go to the evening reception because we were out and about. The breakfast the next day was pretty good but very crowded. We slept well due to minimal street noise (compared to our previous stay in Times Square). I would highly recommend this hotel for families and for weekend stays since it is near the financial district and uncongested on the weekend. It was easy to get transportation in and out of the city. If you are looking for car service, ask the bellmen about Dominic who drives a chevy SUV. He's not cheap but its a nice alternative to a stinky cab.	
Sep 21 2007 	Not your usual Embassy Suites	I had numerous ES stays over the years and while usually comfortable, they were just the average hotel experience and nothing really standout about them. While researching for a room over the internet for a 2 days stay, I cam across the ES NY for $369/night. NY hotels prices still managed to shock me even after all these years, still with not much choices in the area, I bit the bullet and expect the usual ES quality. Well, I was wrong... This ES is the best ES that I have been in, from the modern lobby, to the open skylight and plenty of windows ensuring the bright daylights to come into the lobby, I was impressed the moment that I stepped in the lobby. A bellboy was ready to help me with my luggage despite I have only a small suitcase. There are several automated check-in kiosks in the lobby and I decided to try them out even if there was no line in the check-in counter. The automated check-in process was smooth but the key-card issuing was a bit long. The check-in agent at the counter seeing me tapping my fingers offers to help but the machine caught up and issued my room key-card on the 5th floor.A quick ride on the elevator and I was in my room. More surprises, the living room was bright, with comfy sofa and couch. A modern coffee table and a business desk rounded out the living room. The day that I flew in, NY had a huge storm that paralyzed much of the transport system and there were a note on the desk notify me that there is only a limited staffing as much of them are still stuck in traffic but they will try to fulfill as much requests as they could, good communication from the hotel management.My bedroom over looks the waters over the bays of NY although there are new constructions that rising in between and eventually will obstruct most of the rooms view from the ES. The bed is comfortable and and the sheet was clean with plenty of pillows with different firmness level.The bathroom is clean and well stocked with usual bath amenities. The towels are white and fluffy and the shower head delivers good water pressure.The location of the ES is excellent if you are working in the financial sector near the wall trade center. There are several restaurants in the same building as the ES so you do not have to walk very far. The ES is next to the Battery Park Esplanade which is a nice place to breath fresh sea air and for a little walk in the afternoon. The subway is a few blocks away and is the best way to get around NY at rush hours as it is very difficult to get a cab around the hotel at these times.I was pleasantly surprise by the quality of the ES NY and would consider to stay here again.	
Sep 21 2007	Best Deal in New York City	This is the best place to Stay in New York City! A little far away from Midtown, but a short 10 minute walk to subway, where for two bucks, you get a quick ride into Times Square. Make sure you get on the right train though and don't end up in Brooklyn. It is in the heart of the Financial District, with a wonderful view of the Harbor!Walking distance to pick up the ferry to Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty. Get there early in morning and you will make the first trip out. We got there around 7:45 a.m. and made the first Ferry.Embassy staff was WONDERUL! Room was beautiful, very clean and modern! Very large for a New York Hotel. Beds were to die for. I slept on the couch, and it was very, very comfortable. We had four travelers and they all were very impressed with this hotel. It was their first experience at am Embassy Suites. It is the hotel of choice for me. Mini bar which we didn't use, but requested a small refrig for our room and it was there in a New York minute.Hate the fact that it is so expensive to get a taxi to LaGuardia $40.00 with tip on way to hotel and $45.00 back to LaGuardia. Seems like quite the rip-off to me, but what are you going to do.Hotel will check your bags if you have a later flight out, so that you don't waste your travel day.Loved staying in near Battery Park. It was very quiet, a nice a nice escaope at night from the SIGHTS and SOUNDS of New York City.The made to order Breakfast is the absolute BEST! If they don't have it, you don't need to eat it! Manager's reception is also part of the package, and you won't be disappointed!Also, make a trip to Century 21 Outlet Shopping! Great place to go! Very short walk to get there, and is right next to subway. Very crowded, but great designer outlet. I will never stay in Times Square again! Been there...done that...Embassy Suites is my hotel from now on!	
Sep 4 2007 	Probably wouldn't stay here again	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites hotel during the U. S. Open Tennis tournament. We didn't attend the tournament but felt that it had a definite effect on the price for the room - $330/night. I know, it's &quot;just New York&quot; but I couldn't help but think about how I just spent the equivalent of a mortgage payment to stay in a hotel. Overall, it was a decent experience but I have to say, I've traveled all over the country and EVERY SINGLE Embassy Suites hotel I have ever stayed it has the exact same problem - the walls are paper thin. I felt like I knew the couple next door - and their whiny children - and had never laid eyes on them. I was completely acquainted with the bathroom habits of the guest one floor above us and tried to fall asleep to the racquous screams of the children playing in the atrium at all hours of the night. I would definitely NOT stay here again, nor would I stay at ANY Embassy Suites in the country. If these things don't bother you then enjoy the wonderful breakfast buffet that is served and the dozen pillows on your bed.	
Sep 2 2007 	Will Stay Agai n	Great location, great price, great size room, great hotel to stay at in New York	
Aug 31 2007 	Fab for families and couples alike	We stayed here in October 2006. The rooms are all suites with big comfy sofa bed which converts. Would have preferred fridge to mini bar but the complimentary breakfast was a real bonus and good value. Also enjoyed happy hour! Good for families and couples alike. A little far out perhaps but yellow cabs are good and a stroll along the nearby Hudson River for dinner at a little Italian with a view of the Statue of Liberty...life doesn't really get much better!	
Aug 20 2007 	Watch out for false mini bar charhes	Comfortable room with a nice location. We were very disappointed with three mini bar charges on our bill that were not ours. We called the hotel without positve results. Security man told us they were experiencing a great deal of crime.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great hotel but service with an attitude!	The hotel itself is great. Rooms were new and very contemporary. However, going into the bathroom was like going back in time. You could feel the age. Toiletries were extremely limited and the lightning was weird. Breakfast was good although perhaps they could do with a larger and more interesting venue. The complimentary evening reception was nothing to write home about but it was free! Being a business hotel, more computer terminals could have been more helpful. The lowest point is however, the staff there. I have only encountered one smile from one agent who was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The rest seem to have been disinterested, and had an attitude with them!	
Aug 7 2007 	Excellent	Great rooms, separate living area, really big for NY! Great breakfast and the happy hour is brilliant. Only probably was getting taxis everywhere was a bit of a pain in rush-hour but I would definately stay there again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great Hotel - Highly Recommended	The first everyone should know before booking is that this is not a typical New York City Hotel whereas the rooms are big!!!! Great hotel for those tourists looking for a different type of NYC's experience or for business traveler. The location is fabulous, very Downtown, one block from Ground Zero, in front of Battery Park and a short walk from Tribeca, the coolest NYC neighborhood........Lots of trends restaurants in a very short range. BUT keep in mind you're very Downtown, a kind of far away from bustling, noisy and tourists crowd Times Square (what could mean good or bad, depends what you're looking for). Subway is 5/10 minutes walk away, not so close to NYC standard.The complimentary breakfast and happy hour alcoholic drinks are also two great features. Rooms are clean, big, modern decorated, well equipped, very comfy and, in my case, with an astonishing Hudson River's view. The bathroom is OK, shower is a little disappointing but not a big problem. The stuff are very helpful and there's also a free Internet point at the reception. Since i get a big bargain from hotwire my rate was incredible low so i can't mention if it's worth or not pay rack rate...The hotel is located in a complex with movies theatre, restaurants (Mexican, Japanese, American, Deli...) and stores.	
Jul 30 2007 	Embassy Suites - thumbs up	We stayed at the Embassy Suites in downtown NYC in the summer. The view was not good - construction. (Not a problem for us. We go to the beach when we want a fabulous view.) We had no noise problems. It is located approximately 1 block from WTC and 2 blocks from the subway. All rooms are suites - with a door that separates the bedroom from the rest of the suite. The pillows, mattresses, goose down comforters, chenille bed throw, and luxuriously soft white cotton sheets were wonderful! There are 2 TVs - perfect to separate the kids and the grownups for awhile. The room has a mini-refrig. with items to purchase. Sensors inside send a message to the business office when you remove items and add the purchase to your bill. TIP: We asked for and received an empty mini-refrigerator in our room. The World Financial Center is directly across the street from the hotel. It has lots of restaurants and stores. We went to the Eckerd Pharmacy and picked up bottles of water, cokes, milk, etc. for our mini-refrig. We also asked for extra pillows and towels and received them, no problem. There is a microwave in the room, but we did not use it as we did not want our room to smell like food. The mini- refrig. sits on a safe. The safe was large enough for our laptop and other treasures. You set your own digital code. The room was nice. The staff was helpful. There are always large bowls of green apples at the front desk. There is a bank of computers in the front desk area - great for teens. There is also a business room with computers in another area. The Embassy Suites building houses a huge health club, an 11 screen movie theater, and a DSW shoe store. There are also numerous restaurants in and around the hotel. The bagel shop is especially good. A late afternoon reception and breakfast are included with the room. We did not make it to the reception but loved the breakfast. Two cooks make waffles and omelets fresh. The regular bar includes oatmeal, cereal, fruit, yogurt, danishes, bagels, breads, sausage, bacon, eggs, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, water, soft drinks, milk, and juices. It was a nice way to start the day. Go early. There is no line and plenty of tables.There is a lovely place to walk / run near the hotel. The Esplanade runs along the Hudson River. There are excellent views of the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. There were always people out and about. It appeared to be a safe area. There are security cameras and NYPD presence is evident. There is also a nice playground. It was filled with mommies / nannies and small children daily. There are lots of trees and flowers. The water taxis are accessed from this area.We loved returning to the Embassy Suites at night and getting away from the crowds and noise.	
Jul 30 2007	Great rooms shame about the insulation...	Rooms are all suites, and very well equipped. Minibar and room service prices are reasonable.Included breakfast is excellent, and the queues aren't THAT bad.Cinema in the same building is a big bonus.The river taxi stops right by too, so a 2 day pass at $25 gives you a great way to get around Manhattan (the taxi only goes as far North as 42nd Street)All in all, well worth considering. Without the noise issues I doubt you'll do better at anywhere near the price.	
Jul 26 2007 	Typical Embassy Suites and pretty out of the way	I booked the Embassy Suites because we are a family of five and I like for us to be in one suite, rather than in two rooms. The suite was spacious enough. I did not like that instead of a fridge, there was a mini-bar. The free breakfast was convenient, and we took advantage of the manager's reception on a couple of evenings.The disadvantage is the location. It is a fairly long (10-15 minute) walk to the subway stations. The whole area is a construction zone-a very sobering construction zone. I guess there are a few restaurants in the neighboring office buildings, but I didn't find it a convenient location, restaurant-wise.If you have very young kids, they will have fun playing in Rockfeller Park, which is very nearby.There are about three rooms per floor that still have a harbour view.	
Jul 22 2007 	great but not the noise	Almost everything this hotel has to offer is great except the noise. The cleanliness, decor, room size, business room, complimentary breakfast, newpaper, manager's reception are tops.I had a 3-night stay and I didn't have one good night sleep. Every morning around 5am, I am awaken by construction noise outside or noise emanating from the suite beside mine. I could hear the guest from the suite beside mine doing his business in the bathroom as well as the music from his alarm clock. I am surprised that for a newer building, the walls and windows are not more sound-proof. I wouldn't mind to be unexpectally awaken at 7am but not at 5am when I went to bed at midnight. It affects your mental mood throughout the day. To me, sleep has a higher priority than all other benefits this hotel has to offer so I am not sure if I will stay at Embassy Suites next time.	
Jul 20 2007 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in NYC	This is the 2nd time I've stayed at the Embassy Suites in lower Manhattan, and I absolutely love it. The people who work there are all SO friendly and helpful, and if they say they're going to do something, they do it. There is a complimentary happy hour and full breakfast, and for Hilton Honors members, free wireless internet. When I checked in, there were a few problems with my room, but they were fixed within the hour. They have a movie theater located in the hotel, a full fitness center and several restaurants. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	Excellent hotel if you have teenagers	We stayed here for 4 nights in late June, 2007. This was a perfect hotel for my family - with two teenagers, plenty of room! Even the pull-out sofa was comfortable (I think it had a tempurpedic mattress). The hotel is about a ten minute walk to the subway that goes up the West side of NYC. The hotel has very good nearby restaurants including a pizza place, noodle house and Applebee's. The staff was courteous. The only drawback was that breakfast was extremely crowded during the peak periods. This hotel was an especially good location if you want to visit the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island - we rushed out the door just after 8, jumped in a cab and were down at Castle Clinton in 6 minutes to catch the first ferry ride of the day.	
Jul 17 2007 	Beautiful Hotel! Best Value in NYC!	My family of 4 (two boys, aged 10 and 13) stayed for 4 nights and had a great stay. It is a great value considering the enormous, hot breakfast you receive - as well as two cocktails and hot hors d'oeuvres at night. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. It is very easy to use the subway from the hotel, although it is about a 10 minute walk to reach the subway. There are several great places to eat right across the street - a drugstore and movie theaters. Makes it very convenient if you need to pick up anything that you've forgotten. We also enjoyed staying in the financial district - away from the intensity of the theater district. Ended up walking from the subway at 10 p.m. and never felt threatened or uncomfortable. Would stay here again without any question.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Choice A Bit Out of the Way	This was our family's first trip to NYC and I read all the reviews on this site prior to leaving. Everyone is pretty much right on the money. It is a wonderful hotel, a great value for the money especially with the full breakfast buffet. If you are around for the nightly reception, it is all the more a bargain. The rooms were clean and we enjoyed the separate rooms and two televisions. However it is quite far away from nearly everything, except of the Statue of Liberty and the WTC site. Still I would hightly recommend the hotel. It took a couple of days, but we become comfortable with the subway and even began to transfer lines by the end of our trip without any problems. We always felt safe coming home, although we never came back past 10 pm. The resturants in the area, especailly PJ Clarks and Southwest NYC are very good. Loved the outdoor seating with the harbor views. The location on it's own is quite applealing, we did not mind at all being away from the bustle of Time Square, 5th Avenue and Central Park.	
Jul 12 2007 	Fantastic Value and service	Quick and professional check in. Harbour view now very limited due to new Condo block, however hotel upgraded us to Executive Suite to compensate (having booked harbour view). We saw a room with a typical harbour view and the view was limited to probably 100 yards wide. (although it was still quite special at night).Great touch having free drinks between 5.30-7.30 despite build up of lines after 6pm. No problem taking two drinks each and going back to room.Same with breakfast. Be early and enjoy cooked food, later, queue or skip queue and help yourself to continental style breakfast ie. pancakes, toast, bagels, muffins etc. There are even polystyrene containers to help take food to your room (that reminds me, ask for a fridge on arrival, I did and it was delivered free of charge within 15 minutes).Transportation was easy. Buses outside hotel, Subway was a 10 minute walk to Chambers St. (See the work at WTC en route). We took a taxi to Times Square which was 12.50 plus tip. Wireless internet in room was 10 dollars per day but you also had free access in lobby and in the Business Center (free to room keyholders) on the 2nd floor which also had printers. (Great for online check in with airline to print boarding passes) There were also two Terminals in the lobby specifically for online check with airlines to enable but when I tried to check in it was unavailable.There is so much to see in the surrounding district. Easily walk to ferries to Statue, minutes to Wall St, Brooklyn Bridge and Seaport. 100 yards from hotel on the Hudson there are lovely parks with great views to NJ, The Statue and Ellis Island.We loved it!	
Jul 12 2007 	Perfect for families	We spent 3 nights here in June with our 4 children, ages 6-14. It was perfect for us...for NYC the room was extremely spacious, with 2 beds plus a pullout in the living room.  It was about a $15 cab ride to Midtown, which was fine for us, as we did not want to deal with the nightlife scene at all. We walked to Battery Park and the Liberty Island ferries in about 10 minutes. It is in a quiet neighborhood near Ground Zero, right on the Hudson River. Perfect for evening strolls and good sunset pics. The cooked-to-order breakfast was extensive and excellent, and we followed the advice of others on this site to get there early. We never had a wait in line, but there were long lines later. A big bonus for us was the manager's reception in the evening with free wine (2 coupons per adult, per day) and free drinks for the kids. The food varied each night, but was nice to tide everyone over until a late dinner. We particularly appreciated the kindness and assistance of Marion, (the food and beverage manager?) especially when we misplaced our drink tickets. Whe was there every night and was friendly and helpful in many ways.  Room service was very reasonably priced for the city, and the kids meals were big enough for adults. This was great for us after the kids were so tired from walking all day, and we had no desire to go sit in a restaurant. Check-in was smooth, except for trying to find a parking spot to unload the minivan...also, there are many people with their hands out during the entire process, so have lots of singles ready. Beware that the valet parks your car about 6 blocks away in a garage, so make sure you take everything you need into the hotel as it is hard to get back there. (don't leave anyone's special blankie in the car!!!) Our only complaints were the same as others - when we went down to check out, it took the valet almost an hour and a half (!) to get our car. We were patient, but it seems they misplaced our ticket, and several other errors...in the end, though, they did not charge us for the last night's parking ($55). They did this on their own with out us even requesting it. Customer service was in general, good, though the Concierge was constantly busy, and we were never patient enough to wait in line. There was one front desk clerk (Peter, I think?) that managed to take both the customer and the service out of &quot;customer service&quot;.  More than making up for this were the free internet stations in the lobby which allowed us to verify reservations, check directions, times, etc. There was never a wait at the terminals. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone travelling with children, or anyone who does not want the hassle of downtown all the time. I absolutely will stay there again!	
Jul 12 2007	Fantastic! Accessible!	Clean, spacious, wheelchair accessible and staff all very friendly and helpful. Fantastic views over the Hudson River. We had a great time here. We had a wheelchair accessible room with roll in shower. We needed a shower chair, raised toilet seat &amp; lighted fire alarm for a deaf person - one phone call to housekeeping and we got all 3. Fantastic service, glorious breakfasts, spacious suites - I can't reccommend this hotel enough!	
Jul 10 2007 	Fantastic weekend hotel for large families	A bit out of the way location in the financial district but we got an amazing weekend rate. Booked through the hotel at about $216/night, rate more than doubled on Sunday night. It's hard to accommodate a family of 5, so we were thrilled. Large bedroom and large living room with sleeper sofa, microwave and honor bar/frig. Very clean and comfortable. Nice business center with free use of computers, internet, printers, etc. Friendly, helpful staff. Huge free breakfasts which filled up our always hungry teens so we could skip lunch. They also offer a free evening reception with drinks and appetizers, but we were never there at that time. About a 5 minute walk to the subway. Take a walk in the evening along the Esplanade into Battery Park. Lovely. Be sure to hit the world famous &quot;Century 21&quot; clothing store with astounding discounts on designer clothing, shoes, etc. Would rate the hotel 5 stars but it wasn't the posh kind of resort you associate with 5 stars.	
Jul 9 2007 	Mixed Feelings	A friend and I were visiting Manhattan to see my son who is living in NYU housing during a summer internship. We chose the Embassy Suites (which is located in the Financial District) because of the amenities and the fairly close proximity to NYU. The hotel offered a fair rate for Manhattan, a complimentary &quot;cook-to-order&quot; breakfast and complimentary cocktails and appetizers (the Manager's Reception) every evening. What a deal! (or so we thought) THE &quot;UP-SIDE&quot; - the hotel itself was great - modern and clean. The bellman informed us that the carpeting, furniture and bedding in our rooms was new. (Our suites were on the 5th floor.) THE &quot;DOWN-SIDES&quot; - there was always a long line for breakfast, the omelettes were the only &quot;cooked-to-order&quot; choice (everything else was buffet) and tables were not plentiful (we had to search). The line for cocktails in the evening was even worse and a place to sit was non-existent. In each situation, there was a definite feeling of being &quot;herded&quot; through. For such a nice hotel, this was very disappointing.  BUT MOST IMPORTANT - out of SIX taxi rides taken BACK TO THE HOTEL from other parts of Manhattan, only ONE cabbie knew how to get there (and that was our initial ride from the airport). Even when given the address and cross-streets, two cabbies TURNED OFF THE METER at $12.00 and admitted they were lost, one stopped and asked another cabbie for directions, and the other two were $17. fares once we finally arrived. The point being that even though you receive a free breakfast and cocktails( if you're willing to wait in line), you will spend a bundle getting in and out of the Financial District.  Of course, the bus and subway systems are less expensive transportation choices... but those are not very &quot;user-friendly&quot; for tourists and, in my opinion, the subway is not a good choice for night travel in this area. MY SUGGESTION - great hotel for business travelers with work to do in the Financial District, tourists need to stay further north on the island. FYI - I am an &quot;experienced&quot; NY tourist. I have visited Manhattan at least a dozen times in the past - for business and pleasure. Hope this helps.	
Jul 8 2007 	Excellent!	This is a very modern and fresh hotel located downtown. The location,albeit far from midtown, is very accessible by subway. The subway station is not far (contrary to reviews below) - It is about a five minute walk alongside Ground Zero to Vesey/Chambers Street station. From there, $2 will get you anywhere in New York!The breakfast however needs a big overhaul. There are over 400 rooms in the hotel and this leads to HUGE queues for breakfast. Something needs to be done to try and alleviate some of this queueing because the selection of food is excellent...it's just the queueing that was the problem. The area used for breakfast and Manager's Reception is a little on the small side.There is no pool in the hotel, although there is a large gym for use by hotel guests. There are plenty of computers in the lobby and the business centre for internet access etc. The rooms are airy and refreshing, although there is no fridge for food items as the hotel minibar takes up all the space. The minibar is way too complex (you'll see when you get there!!) and the safe is a little small and awkward to get to (underneath the fridge).Overall though, I was very pleased with this hotel and would recommend it!	
Jul 5 2007	Highly recommended even with a bit of a walk to subway	I really research hotels, and rely on this site a lot! I have never written a review though but the Embassy deserves a lot of good press!We had stayed at Embassy's before, they are great for family but thiswas the best, in terms of service and location. It was quiet, even inNYC, and right near the WTC site, which means a little longer to the subway stop still, than other hotels in Manhattan, but worth the 5-10 minute walk to a subway. Taxi's are always there, too, which we use from the airports and to theatre or at night. The free breakfast was such a big savings, esp. in NYC, and the manager's reception is really nice after a long day of tourism and before going back out fordinner or show. We actually welcomed being away from the hustle of Time Square, etc, by the time we returned and had a beautiful view ofthe Hudson River. I doubt there will be many of those left, as they are building across from the hotel, but we asked for one and recievedthe upgrade, at no extra charge. We were given such kind service fromeveryone, and yes, there are lines at the freebies, but whatdoyouexpect for free? We figured out the best times to go for breakfast and drinks and were able to take advantage of both frequently. Airweb site for getting etickets when you leave and concierge service and early check in, with bag storage before or after! The rooms were fine, even the sofabed was comfortable. Our only complaint was charges on our bill for the minibar when we didn't use anything in it, but they have told me that this happens with movement? They promised to remove so we'll see. Overall, I highly recommend this property! We even got to see fireworks on the fourth!	
Jul 1 2007 	Hotel is good for family with teens	I and my two teen boys stayed in the hotel at end of the June, 07. the hotel room is big, 2 beds and 1 sofa bed are good enough for us. Full breakfast is a bargain for growing-up boys. Breakfast waiting line is long, but each of boy took the order for whole familiy on each line, which is not too bad.  Trip tips: If you want a guided tour inside the Statue of Liberty, reserved the ferry tickets &amp; Monument access online is a must (circlelinedowntown.com). If you want save money and time, wear sneakers, hats and bring water bottels, &quot;walking in the NYC&quot;. This hotel is far away from subway stations.	
Jun 26 2007 	Very Nice!	Everything was very nice. This hotel is in a great part of the city. We had a nice view of the Hudson -- could even see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. There's a great running track just across the street that extends several miles along the river. Staff are very courteous and attentive. Rooms are spacious, clean, and well-appointed. I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Mixed Review	Service at this hotel is excellent! Tia at check - in was wonderful and helpful. As soon as we got into the room, a call came from guest services to see if the room was everything we expected. An hour later, complementary bottles of water were delivered. Day 2 the food and beverage manager called out of the blue, to see if there was anything they could do. Every person associated with this hotel was professional, friendly, helpful, etc. The room was clean, the bathroom large by NYC standards, it was great to have a separate roomfor my son... (this is why we chose this hotel and we knew we were taking a chance trying an area we weren't familiar with) The problem for me was the location - we might as well have been in New Jersey instead of looking at it across the Hudson! (I am spoiled by the convienence of everything in a mid town location - subways on every corner, close to the theaters, food). The nearest subway is a good 10 - 15 minute walk! (And we are fast hoofers). There aren't that many subway stops in general either in the area. We never felt like we could get a grip on where we were when we got off the subway or where we were going. (I thought I knew the sub system well before this trip). If being close to a subway is important to you, than this is NOT the hotel for you. I can't imagine being here in the winter or when it rains - that would make for one miserable trip. IF you want peace and quiet, a neighborhood setting, impecable service, and don't mind being far away - than you would love this hotel. I guess it was a new experience to get out of our comfort zone and try something diffferent but next time we will be back in mid - town!!!!!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Fantastic place to stay	I can't say enough great things about this hotel. Wonderful to stay at, rooms fantastic, service fantastic and staff were so wonderful. It made our trip to New York so fantastic. Highly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2007 	reliable practical and clean	I stayed for 5 nights end of May/early June 2007. This was my 5th stay in the last 5 years. I stay here with my husband, accompanying him on a business trip so I admit I don't pay the hotel bill, but, having stayed in other NYC hotels over the years, I would happily pay my own money if I had to. The good features are a good location if you need the business district, and fine for public transport. The subway connection should improve soon as they gradually open up the closed subway lines at the Chambers St/WTC stations that had to close owing to 9/11. However, if you want to visit Tribeca, Chelsea, Times Sq/theatreland and towards upper W side, use the M20 bus from outside the door! Also use the FREE downtown alliance minibus to the Staten Is ferry (also FREE) or to the S Street seaport area.The better features of the hotel include a relatively quiet location, especially in the evenings, the best FREE breakfast in the city and the FREE cocktail 'hour', a good selection of convenient family/chain eateries around the hotel and across the street in the WFC complex, pleasant and helpful check-in/concierge/bell staff (rare in NYC) and surprisingly large rooms.The less ideal features include the noise nowadays during the day for all the building work going on on all sides and some of the room kit now needs upgrading - showerheads need descaling or replacing, the lamps don't always work and some other bits look tired. The saddest feature is the disappearing view. When I first visited, the hotel was surrounded by open space giving far better views, depending on which way your room faced to the Hudson river or Ground Zero. That has now gone for ever! But still a good base for seeing the city.	
Jun 25 2007 	Our 2 year-old loved it here!	We just stayed 3 nights at the Embassy Suites and loved it! We have a 2 year-old and were skeptical about taking him to the Big City, butwe were so excited to find 2 really nice, new playgrounds within walking distance of the hotel - complete with toys, sand, climbing structures and sprinklers. The views of the river and the harbor wereawesome with the Statue of Liberty off in the distance. The World Financial Center (across the street) has several restaurants inside and along the waterfront for great sunset dining. There's also an Eckerds just inside the WFC if you need anything. The Bagel shop justdownstairs has excellent sandwiches as well. The walk to Tribeca is easy and you can always find a family friendly restaurant like the Kichenette Diner. This part of town has become the place to live withkids. We found the subway ride to Rockefeller/Theater district pretty easy. A taxi back downtown can take a long time during rush hour so the subway is faster. On Saturday we walked all the way from Canal Street back to the hotel. The hotel has lost a lot of the riverviews because of the new condos going in across the street but that'sok. My hotel views in NYC are usually alley ways anyway and you don'tspend much time in the room except to shower and sleep and for that the hotel is also very good. Comfy beds and pillows and very low street noise. Almost no honking in this area - ha! As far as breakfast goes... we didn't have any problems. We were down by 7:30amand only on Sunday morning was there a line when we left at 8:30am. So for early risers with kids you shouldn't have a problem. As another writer stated, you can always grab breakfast at the Bagel shop downstairs if you don't like crowds. The bowls of apples in the lobby are a hit with kids too! Can't wait to come back! Tina from Dallas	
Jun 24 2007 	Fantastic experience	After a long 7 hour trip (in which we had no seatback tvs!) we were happy that as soon as we checked in we were led to our room straight away.This is the second time my daughter and I have been to this hotel and we aboslutely love it.The rooms are spacious (they're all two room suites with a modern well equipped bathroom) and everything worked. We had no problems with our rooms. The bedroom had two double beds and a big tv along with large wardrobes and a nice dressing table. The living room also consisted of a big tv along with one comfortable sofa which doubled up as a sofa bed. There was a dining table, a armchair and small kitchen counters with a sink, microwave and mini fridge (which was not free!) One word of advice, do not take out anything from the mini fridge to even look at. It has a sensor which automatically sends down to reception telling them you've purchased it. We made this mistake twice! But you can ring reception and they take it off the bill for you no questions asked.Room cleaning came every day and if your towel was on the floor it meant you wanted it changed. If it was still hanging it meant you could use it for another day.One thing I can say I really enjoyed about this hotel was the breakfasts. Being a bed and breakfast it was the only meal they served for free. They had such a wide range of choice that really set us up for the long days of shopping. This included made to order pancakes and omlettes with a range of fillings, cereals, fruits, continental breakfasts, yogurts and hot foods such as eggs, bacon, grits etc.As well as the delicious breakfasts' they also had a managers special every evening from 6-8 which served free snacks and free drinks at the bar. The snacks ranged from nachos to popcorn and mini pretzals.The hotel was quite far away from the local shops around manhatten but there were always taxis outside ready to take you around. The nearest subway was about a 10-20 minute walk away - the last thing you want to do after a long day of shopping with loads of bags! So the taxi's came in very handy. However they did work out quite expensive.The hotel is right next to Ground Zero, something you have to pass if you want to visit Century 21. It's very emotional when walking over it and seeing the empty space where the buildings used to be.Embassy Suites is located in the financial district right opposite the Hudson river. A beautiful view if you have one of those windows.Below the hotel are a few restaurants to eat at and also a cinema if you want night time entertainment. However, try going a bit further out for a few restaurants. On our first night we went out to a restaurant and there were quite a few press outside. Turns out Angelina Jolie was holding her birthday party next door. We saw quite a few celebs going in and out that night!I would recommend going to Canal street for some good bags and accessories. Also Century 21, and taking an excursion to the outlets in New Jersey. Well worth it.One of the only bad things about the hotel I would say was the 12pm check out. Having a night flight we had to be out of the room at 12 and find something to do for the rest of the day until our flight. However, they do keep your bags safe for you upon your return.This hotel was clean, beautiful and had free internet in reception. I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely return!!	
Jun 22 2007	Peaceful	Nice hotel. Rooms are spacious and extremely quiet when you are on a higher floor. The check-in was a litte slow and could be improved.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great for families	We stayed at the Embassy Suite Hotel with our 13 year old daughter and her friend. The room was very clean and a good size with plenty of storage for clothes etc. The subway was about 10 minutes walk from the hotel, it took about 15 minutes to get up to Times Square etc. Taxis were available at all times from outside the hotel. A variety of good places to eat within a couple of minutes walk. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Beware of very long queues for breakfast unless you arrive very early - well worth having a look at the notices posted around the hotel giving great advice about this. The daily complimentary 'cocktails' and 'nibbles' was a nice touch, there are also soft drinks available for the kids.We found it great being away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square at night but if you're after busy night life then this may not be the right hotel for you.We would definitely recommend this hotel for families with kids of any age and would return without hesitation even if we didn't have the children with us.Ask for a room with a harbour view - there is something very special about being able to see The Statue of Liberty from your hotel window!	
May 31 2007 	Treated liked Queens	Went to New York for a girls weekend from May 17th to the 21st. We got a room with 2 doubles. 2 girls slept in the bedroom one in each bed and 2 slept on the pull out sleeper sofa which is a queen size. The room was very clean and the cleaning staff did a great job everyday and leaving extra towels at our request. Thanks to Keni for the great check in process, he was the kindest and was very helpful for all our needs, in where to go and how to get there. 3 of us had been to New York before and stayed in Midtown but we really enjoyed the location this time. It's alot quieter and being by the water is very relaxing. They have the most unusal looking beautilful garden across the street. We had a room looking at Vessy St on the 10th floor. Didn't hear any traffic or noise of any kind. The breakfast was great never had a problem, it is busy but the line moves very fast and never had a problem getting a table to sit at. The happy hour was great, they make any kinds of drinks and the munchies were great too. If you run out of coupons for drinks sweet talk them at the check in desk and I'm sure you'll get more without a problem. We actually saved alot of money by eating and drinking at the hotel. Marion who works at the happy hour was so helpful to us when 2 of us went down to see if we could get a tray and take some drinks and food back to our room to have while we were getting ready to go see &quot;RENT&quot;. The next day she even came over to ask how our play was. We took the subway during the day and had no problems, its really not that far of a walk and took cabs at night. A cab ride to OR from Times Square was under $15.00 with tip. The night before we left when we asked about getting to the airport, Keni the desk clerk asked when we were leaving and because our flight wasn't till supper time he gave us a late check out so we didn't have to rush and be out of our room by noon. The next day they got us a black SUV to the airport for $60.00 we thought that wasn't bad as cabs would be at least $50.00 and we needed the extra room for our luggage as we did alot of shopping. We all had such a great time and would without a doubt stay here again and again...Thank You Embassy Suites for a great holiday...	
May 29 2007	BEST HOTEL IN NEW YORK	When traveling to New York, the first decission to make is where to stay. After my second trip to New York, the answer is easy, Embassy Suites, New York financial district. I will list the following highlights:1. Location.  To get to Times Square you have three options. Taxi, $15.00, bus or subway, $7.00 a day. Each day we traveled to times square for a play of shopping. The number 20 bus stop is at the door of hotel for a twenty minute ride thru tribecca. After a play, catch the 20 bus at times square for a safe easy ride back. Get off at door of hotel. The subway is a little harder because of a 10 minute walk to subway station. That is where you buy your pass for a multi day need. 2. Hotel The hotel is excellent. It is quiet, clean and the breakfast is good. Expect to have lines the later you eat, remember, it is free, do not get upset. The bellmen at the hotel are very good. For transportation to airport or cruise dock, let the know one hour in advance and a limo will be there for same price as cab. Check in was fine and delivery of luggage to room was prompt. There is some construction around hotel, but did not wake me up until i needed to get up. Mexican restraunt in hotel is very good. Also there is a bakery for a late night snack.In conclusion, the hotel is very nice and you should look at staying here for a nice trip.	
May 29 2007	Fantastic Hotel	Myself and my boyfriend stayed at the Embassy Suites in New York for five nights in December 2006. All we can do is totally recommend this hotel to anyone, as it was fabulous. Our visit was particulary special as my boyfriend popped the question and I accepted!From the moment we arrived we loved it. We arrived quite late at the hotel and before we even got out of the cab our bags were taken into the hotel! Checking in was efficient and friendly.The suites are lovely and are very spacious. We were on the 7th floor and had a view of the Hudson. Yes the view is somewhat obstructed from the building that is going up opposite the hotel, but we still had a great view. We got some great pics of the hudson from our window. Breakfast was included and it was excellent. There were so many options to choose from. The queues were long on some days but that doesn't matter as they move fairly quickly. We also got drinks vouchers for the manager's reception each evening and there were snacks to munch on there too which was another added bonus. When the manager's reception is over around 7pm the bar closes, which is a pity as when you have a few drinks you just want to stay there! There is another bar though (Chevys).We were a little concerned that the Embassy Suites was too far away from the main busy areas such as Times Square, but in fact it was way better than staying in a very busy place. The subway is less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel and we got metrocards which were a great saver, highly recommend them! There are plenty of shops and restuarants near the Embassy Suites so you should check them out too (Century 21 in particular!). We went to Little Italy and totally agree with some previous postings that it is tacky and to be totally honest very dodgy! Also recommend taking a horse drawn carriage ride around central park, get to see all the main parts and doesn't take too long if you are short on time.Overall, we found this hotel to be brilliant and would highly recommend it to future vistors.	
May 21 2007 	Great Family Hotel in NYC	We are former New York City residents and actually lived in Battery Park City. We know and love this area of New York City.Battery Park City is located at the lower tip of Manhattan very close to the financial district but actually seperated from it by the West Side Highway. It is a residential area and sort of &quot;secluded&quot; in that it's location doesn't invite many people other than those who live in the area.Now, that can be a plus or a minus,depending on your perspective. For us, it's a big plus. If you are staying in BPC, you will most probably need to take a cab ride to your destination, although as with anywhere in NYC, you can opt for public transportation.This contrasts with the option of staying at say, a hotel located in Midtown, where you can literally walk out of your hotel to major sightseeing, shopping and dining.The tradeoff between the two is this sort of peaceful seclusion (again, as far as anyplace in NYC can be considered secluded) against a more convenient location albeit with a sort of hustle and bustle atmosphere. The Embassy Suites Hotel is an excellent choice if you think you would prefer this sort of &quot;peaceful&quot; choice, but don't mind being a bit away from the action. The hotel itself is very clean and the rooms are extremely large. We travel with our two boys and it is perfect for us. The sitting area has a couch that folds out and sleeps two. The hotel serves a buffet breakfast which is a really great spread and the boys look forward to it each stay. They also have a Mexican chain restaurant located in the hotel, but we have never eaten there. There is a movie theatre (very clean and modern) right outside the hotel.There are also several restaurants located very close by and also in the World FInancial Center (which is walking distance). The hotel is also across the street from the World Trade Center site. This is downtown Manhattan, and you can walk to the financial district as well as a myriad of small museums and places of interest. Although there are many great stores and places to shop, downtown is not THE place to shop in NYC. The one negative we have, and always have, is the poor job they do on valet parking. Anyone who has stayed here, used valet and is reading this review is now shaking their head saying &quot;Yep, I know exactly what they are talking about&quot;. It takes forever to get your car and we have been staying here for many years and they still can't get it right. Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel for any family visiting New York City. We think that the size of the rooms, the rates, and the great area offset any downside experienced by not being in Midtown.	
May 19 2007	Great Hotel	Just returned from a holiday at the Embassy Suites and thought it was wonderful. From the time we checked in, the friendliest check in I have ever come across in New York, thank you Tia. She explained that as we wanted a smoking room there were none available with a sea view but she offered us a non smoking sea view if we wanted it. Yes there is building work around but it did not bother us at all and you can get a wonderful view by going up in the lift to the 15th floor. I suppose if you had been there before the building work, you would see the difference but as we had not been there before it was fine. How long do you spend anyway looking out of your hotel window?All staff were excellent from the door men to the cleaners, our room was spotless and having a lounge made all the difference.We did have a problem with our in room safe but it was fixed and we were even sent up a bottle of wine because we had a problem with it. So if there is a problem just let them know and they will fix it.Breakfasts were amazing and yes it was busy at the weekend but we had no problem getting exactly what we wanted.No problem with getting subway or free bus to Pier 17. Staff were more than happy to answer any questions we had and subway is only about 10 minutes away. Loads to do downtown and it was so lovely to walk along by the river.Thank you all at Embassy Suites.	
May 16 2007 	Embassy Suites - great business location for Downtown	Had a one night stay at the Embassy Suites location - as I had business downtown at the World Financial Centre and at other downtown locations, I chose this property due to it's location and to have a nice room to spread out in.I received a corner king bed suite - it was very large and spacious. Had a full dining table for 6, couch, sitting chairs, sink, microwave oven, large bedroom with a king sized bed.I thought the bathroom decor and fixtures could have been fancier - it was clean and decent - I just expected a higher level of furnishings.The bed was very comfortable as was the couch. Storage/closet/clothing space was very good and would be adequate for an extended trip even for a family of four.The rooms have an open walkway concept with a very tall atrium so the hotel felt very open and inviting and there was a nice view of the Hudson River out the front of the atrium. I was on the Vesey Street side of the property and there was some construction noise at 6am (not the hotel's fault).I would stay at this property again especially for downtown business purposes. I do not think it would work great for tourists unless they were keen on being near the River Promenade, the 1/2/3 subway line and other west side downtown attractions.	
May 13 2007 	A New York Gem	Just returned from our second stay at the ES NYC. It's a great hotel in a great location by the river and away from the frenetic atmosphere of uptown. We had a suite overlooking the Hudson - Room 726 - great view, although it's narrowed since last visit due to the building site opposite. There is one behind as well so I would ask for a front view room as that site is nearly finished. Decor and cleanliness were spot on and the bed is sooo comfortable. The breakfast and evening reception were as great as ever and no real queues to speak off. The staff at ES are excellent and I could not really single anyone out in particular as all are so helpful. The area roundabout is very safe as there are so many cops on duty (unlike London). Good eating places are Applebee's (downstairs) and Heartland Brewery in South Street Seaport - excellent in house beers and the NY Steak was out of this world! My advice is to avoid Little Italy its tacky and a rip off. If you haven't seen Mamma Mia - get tickets and go! Also get yourself a Metrocard excellent value. Finally New Yorkers are amongst the friendliest people in the States... what a town!	
May 9 2007 	Great City	I love getting to go to the Big Apple. Although this was a business trip I was given enough time to see some of my favorite stops. My driver picked me up at LGR, he was born in Alabama, where I am from. He said he was born in 1940 and had left for NYC as a boy, but it brought a smile to him for talking to someone who reminded him of his childhood. Upon arrival my early arrival, about 1:30pm. The receptionist informed me that my room wasn't ready. I hadn't eaten lunch. They were quick to check my bags. They told me about Chevy's (texmex), so I got a great lunch with a couple of beers. Upon completion of my meal, my room was ready. My room had a riverview, also the room was larger than I had expected. You were able to seperate the bedroom from the sitting room and bathroom. I liked this, especially if you are with someone maybe doing work or watching another show on tv. The room decor was just what I expected, not to ritzy, but very stylish. Great water pressure in the accomidating bathrooms. The bed was FANTASTIC. I had come from 90 degree weather and the upper 40's felt great at night. I love sleeping with my windows open, the windows have a small fold out at the bottoms. The cool weather and the sounds of the city made my nites wonderful. As noted in other reviews this is a long way from from the traditional travel spots of NYC. This area is making a comeback, the Tribeca (sp) film festival was going on the area. Once the Freedom Towers get started and completed. This hotel along with the New York Marriott Finacial Center Hotel (nice hotel, too) I imagine will stay booked.	
May 7 2007 	Welcome Home!	First trip back to New York since leaving the States in 2005 - and on a birthday weekend too, so there was a lot to live up to.Picked the Embassy Suites for a different kind of New York experience - absolutely no need to get sucked into the tourist trap of Times Square &amp; Midtown. Quite happy to be close to the water-front, and the shopping mecca that is Century 21.Reception at the Embassy Suites was very welcoming, especially once they discovered that we were ex-New Yorkers. The suite was suitably large, with king bedroom and separate sitting room, so plenty of space for spreading out our luggage, and making ourselves right at home.With plenty to see and do in NYC, we didn't have time to avail ourselves of the manager's drinks in the evening, but did manage to fit in the all-you-can-eat breakfast in the mornings. Some days it was a fight to beat the queues, but once you worked out the best time to go, there weren't any problems.With free internet in the lobby, and very efficient concierge services, we could not fault the amenities. I suppose the location may be a problem for some (a bit of a walk from the nearest subway, and in the construction zone that is downtown Manhattan post-9/11), but if you know your way around NYC, it's not an issue at all.And, yes, it was great to be back in the City That Never Sleeps once more!	
May 6 2007	Heaven!	I'm almost afraid to say how incredibly fabulous this hotel is, but I want to give the staff their due. Wonderful, wonderful desk staff, fantastically clean room, amazing view, and one of the best breakfasts I've had anywhere.If you're interested in mid-town fun, this IS a long, long way down. Easy by metro but if you prefer to cab, it'll cost about fifteen bucks to Chelsea or Union Square.But I love it.	
Apr 22 2007 	Family of 4 Spoiled Rotten by ES!	Family of four stayed at Embassy Suites, NYC from April 14 - 20 in a King suite; boys slept on sleeper sofa in living room. This is a great hotel -- suite arrangement, free breakfast, free happy hour/drinks/snacks, free internet downstairs on the PCs in the lobby. Linens were clean and crisp; pillows &amp; towels were plentiful; decor was contemporary and tasteful; room was comfortable and fresh. Bathroom is large with nice amenities. Vanity table/mirror in bedroom made it easy for mom to dry her hair in the morning while someone else used the bathroom. Likewise, the &quot;bar&quot; sink in the little kitchen area was a great place for one kid to brush his teeth while the bathroom was in use. We had requested an empty refrigerator for our room because we knew we'd have some of our own food to put in it and we knew the mini-bar would be fully stocked with no empty room in it. We arrived the day before the &quot;storm of the season&quot; hit so it was nice to find a full-size umbrella in the room. We were on the 7th floor, directly -- and I mean DIRECTLY! -- across from the construction site, but this was fun! The noise didn't bother us, hotel must be well insulated. But it was interesting to wake in the morning and see the work happening on the 7th floor of the building across the street. Took lots of photos of the construction workers (they have nerves of steel!) -- they even posed for us. Then when we came back to the room at the end of the day we could see the progress made.Breakfast was OK -- very crowded on Sunday, but more manageable during the week. It would help if they provided cafeteria-style trays for carrying plates, silverware, coffee cups rather than having to make multiple trips to/from the table and food area. Same menu every morning: made-to-order omelets, pancakes (choc chip &amp; regular); scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage in warming trays; toast, English muffins, bagels, muffins, sweet rolls, cereal (though no granola or high-fiber selections), yogurt, melon slices, grapes, apples, bananas, juices (orange, cranberry, grapefruit), coffee, tea, milk, hot chocolate. One day the scrambled eggs in the warming tray didn't look too good, but the omelet cooks made some fresh for me. Can't beat the price, though:FREE. We figured we would have paid $50+ for four of us to have comporable breakfast every morning in a diner, so this alone makes Embassy Suites a great value.Free Happy Hour/Manager's Reception: drinks (drink coupons indicate beer &amp; wine, but it seems they had an entire selection of liquors and could make almost anything, including Manhattans, tequila sunrise, margarita, cosmopolitan), soft drinks &amp; juices, nachos, cheese squares, carrots, celery, tortilla chips, party snack mix, popcorn.Our room was quite far from the bank of elevators, so request a room close to elevators if you don't want to walk. Didn't notice noise from other guests; there were lots of families and lots of business travelers. Staff was pleasant and helpful; housekeepers greeted us with a smile and good morning when we passed in the hallway. This hotel is about a 10-minute walk to the subway stop; walked past the WTC site every day. Though we were concerned about being in a remote location at night, it wasn't bad at all. Across the street is the World Financial Center with shops, restaurants, drug store, and offices. There's a Chevy's restaurant accessible from the inside of the Embassy Suites, and a bagel place and a good pizza place as part of the same building of the Embassy Suites, but you have to go outside and around the corner to get to these. The area at large is an interesting mix of business and new residential. It is close to Tribeca, which seems to be an upscale neighborhood for professional people and young families. We saw lots of kids in strollers and even a group of older boys playing baseball in a neighborhood ballpark. There were several &quot;parks&quot; -- green areas with flowers, some for playing in and some just for looks. There were two children's playgrounds along the waterfront, which is also a pretty walk with nice paths. We felt safe and secure the entire time-- never felt threatened or worried about our safety. Lots of people walking around after dark.Embassy Suites doesn't disappoint. We were sad to leave -- we spent the last night of our vacation at another suite-brand hotel on Long Island to visit family. We were definitely spoiled by our time in the Embassy Suites; there was nothing at all wrong with our Long Island hotel, but because it followed our stay at ES, it paled in comparison. We'll stay at Embassy Suites again when we return to the city with our kids.	
Apr 18 2007 	Horrible Customer Service - Please Read	The hotel is very nice and is in a great location. The stay was just an average business trip. The rooms are of nice size and kept very well. The on-site restaurants are varied and generally good. With all that said, the customer service at the front desk totally sullied my experience and will prevent me from ever booking a room with them again. My company had twice sent the correct paperwork to the Embassy Suites to prepay for the room. When I checked in, they asked to see my ID and a major credit card. I thought this was in case I added more to the bill (movies, room service, etc.). When I checked out, the clerk asked which credit card to put the charges on. Asking &quot;which credit card&quot; indicated to me that she had two credit cards on file. I questioned that the room had been paid for and she said she had no indication that prior arrangements had been made. I told her not to charge me and let me make a phone call. She said: Too late. I charged the credit card with XXXX as the last four digits.&quot; That was my personal credit card. I asked her to reverse the charges and let me make a call. She said she couldn't and said I would have to fill out a form to get the transaction reversed. I asked for the manager on duty. He was even less helpful. Long story short, the Embassy Suites DID charge me AND my company. DOUBLE CHARGED!!! I have since had this all straightened out but only through American Express and my company.Avoid them at all cost...or double-cost. : )	
Apr 15 2007 	A very nice hotel	As a first timer to New York i found the people rude and unhelpful. On first walking in to the Embassy Suites we were fairly impressed. The people at the front desk were friendly but the service was a bit unorganised. We were only booked in to the suites for 4 nights but on arrival we were told we would be moved from our room after 1 night to another suite due to renovations on the top floors. Why were weren't moved immediately were weren't told. They did make up this however with a bottle of champagne and fruit basket, especially when our bags were not moved as promised. The rest of the hotel was very nice. We had breakfast included and free drinks vouchers each night which went down well. There was a mexican restaurant attached to the hotel which was very good. The hotel is situated next to Ground Zero and the water front. Finally, if you want a nice big Sudan car to drive you about, ask the guy on the door not the Concierge, as there a quite a difference in the price!	
Apr 14 2007	They Nickel-And-Dime You web site misleading	The hotel was OK. But, BEWARE, they nickel and dime you to death and their web site is misleading, edging on outright lying about their fees.We were charged $55 for valet parking to start, which may make sense in NYC but seemed awfully steep to us.THEN, they charged us a $75 NON-REFUNDABLE fee for our dog, while their web site states a $75 &quot;deposit&quot;. This is rediculous, considering our dog weighs 14 pounds and couldn't do $75 worth of damage if she wanted to.THEN, they charged us $10/day for internet, though their web site implied it was included with the room.Needless to say, we will be avoiding Embassy Suites from now on. We should have stayed at the normal hotel and forgone the suite, as it would have cost us $200 versus what is now up to over $500 here for one night.	
Apr 10 2007 	The Perfect Shopping Trip/Birthday Doo	Tia, the Hotel receptionist who was very warm &amp; friendly greeted us on our arrival. This gave us the best start to our shopping/birthday celebration adventure possible. Tia was a preview to the standard of care &amp; attention that we would receive for the WHOLE of our stay. From Adam the Concierge who booked our Helicopter flight, Sex &amp; The City Tour &amp; Woodbury Common Shopping Outlet trip, to Donald the Barman who mixed our margaritas at night at the Managers Reception (All free drinks) this was the perfect HOTEL. From a room with a viewto the all you can eat, or all you could want breakfast to the DSW (Discount Shoe Warehouse located within the Hotel Ladies!!!) along with a cinema &amp; various eateries &amp; bars it was a wonder we left the hotel to go shopping. But shop we did via hopping on the E train subway only a mere 5-10 minute walk (2 blocks) very safe &amp; very easy to navigate as reception give you a simple map on arrival. A 10 minute ride later we disembarked at 5th Avenue (perfect). Shopped till we dropped took a cab back (only $15 on average at any one time). In between the shopping we managed to squeeze in the S&amp; TC Tour, Helicopter flight and a trip to Woodbury Common all not to be missed. Already planning when we can return, afraid to book with another hotel in case it doesn't live up to the high standards experienced at the Embassy Suites.Thank You Manchester UK	
Apr 7 2007 	This hotel is still fantastic....	We stayed at the Embassy for five nights in March, having come over for St Paddy’s day and this was the second time we had stayed here, the previous being in 2005. The place hadn’t changed, it is still excellent. During our stay we had the added bonus of a foot of snow which made the whole area absolutory beautiful, and also demonstrated how roads and sidewalks can be managed during even the worst of storms. Within hours paths were clear and the Embassy staff had cleared the road outside. There have been a few changes since our last stay, mainly the construction of a large building right in front of the hotel. This is a shame as the view before can only be described as a panoramic beauty (see our last post for a photo), however if you request a river view room this is exactly what you get as the rooms in front of the Irish memorial still enjoy fantastic views over the Hudson. If you didn’t know what the view was before you would think this fabulous, which of course it is… The other change as others mention is that the breakfasts and managers reception is now done on a voucher basis, each guest has two drinks per night and a breakfast voucher per night of your stay. At first we were disappointed with this however you wont be in the hotel every night and to be honest we didn’t get through ours. Soft drinks and the snacks are all free and no vouchers are required.The hotel has an Applebee’s and a Chevy’s on site and we ate at both, Applebee’s is ok, nothing special – normal fare and thought a little pricey. I love Chevy’s the food is excellent and for the ladies the huge frozen margaritas are a must. This isn’t as good as the big one in Time Square but for convenience to your room it just cannot be matched.Also in the hotel there is a massive DSW (Designer Shoe Warehouse), this place is great. I managed to buy three pairs of Sketchers for about a fifth of the UK price, I lost track of how many pairs of shoes my wife bought…! For this place to in the same complex as the hotel (literally in house, just up an escalator from the hotel foyer) it just adds to benefits of staying here.There is also a bagel place on site, maybe they were having an off day but I bought a couple of wraps and they can only be described as disgusting, a shame really as this was the only bad food of the entire stay and they looked like they were going to be great.As far as getting to the Embassy we arrived at JFK and just took a cab - the fare is set at $45 plus toll and tip so it shouldn’t cost any more than $60 with a generous tip. We organised a return car through the concierge. This isn’t just a guy helping out his mate the hotel have an arrangement with a good company that provide a fixed rate service. Having had a horrendous experience getting to their airport last time this company was great and it only cost $70 all in.The concierge is extremely helpful as are all of the staff , if you have any questions just ask. There are six PC’s in the lobby and also a little shop which is priced very well, especially if you compare it to the minibar! Tip – there are vending machines for cans of soda etc on every floor.. $1.25 at the machines $2.50 from the minibar.There are several subway stations within an easy walk, I would say for most people it would take 10 minutes to reach them and the benefits of staying downtown is a great nights sleep away from the noise of the city.Be careful with the cabs, especially if you not from the USA, most are honest and OK but a fair few will try and take you on a roundabout tour of the city, if you go up Chambers street and then up 7th the fare should only cost around $11 to get you to Times Square – we had guys trying to take us up East river drive and trying to charge $20 plus. Also don’t expect the driver to know where you are going to, most have only been in New York as you have and unlike London cabbies they don’t have to pass the knowledge first. If you don’t know the location of where you want get to, ask the doorman or the concierge first.As you can probably tell, we love this hotel.. it is clean, friendly, the rooms are huge and modern, the beds are massive and comfortable, you get all the nice touches such as robes, toiletries and a free paper every day… We can’t wait to come back to this great hotel and to New York, the best city in the world.	
Apr 2 2007	Overall great stay but a couple of things to note	We stayed at the Embassy Suites New York for three nights from March 10 - March 13 with our two daughters (11 and 14). Overall we had a wonderful stay. The staff was very friendly and provided excellent service. The hotel itself is very aesthetically appealing. It has wonderful public space including the lobby and the area where breakfast and evening cocktails are served. Our room was very comfortable with contemporary furnishings. We were originally assigned a smaller suite on the river side but moved to a corner suite when it could not accommodate a rollaway. The front desk was very helpful with this. This room looked out at construction and we also had a very upclose view of the former world trade center site. There are many positives about this hotel that outweigh the slight negatives both of which I will try to list here.positives: decor very appealing and contemporary feel, beds were very comfortable, buffet breakfast (included in rate) was very good (although crowded and a little chaotic after 9 a.m.), also good options across the street, evening cocktail reception - also complimentary was better than expected, nibbles were good, stunning views from main hallways, close to subway (5 minute walk) and pretty accessible to get to SOHO, East Village, Greenwich Village and Union Square (on this trip we did not end up going farther than 34th), the walk along the promenade was breathtaking and a wonderful place to run. The Financial Trade Center buildings next door had some interesting places to grab a quick bite but were closed on the weekend. The neighborhood was fairly quiet at night which was both good and bad. Movie theatre is attached, which is very convenient. The gym which is a New York Sports Club far exceeded our expectations - it was wonderful to have access to an actual gym without an additional fee. negatives: no refrigerator only a minibar, the parking is extremely pricey ($55 per night.) but maybe expected for nyc?, the concierge desk was always crowded, although overall the hotel was quiet (especially for a vaulted atrium such as this), our neighbors alarm woke us at 7 a.m. on two mornings and we could also hear the neighbors shower and toilet quite clearly, we did not hear any voices or television. We did not have any problems with construction noise. I really loved this area and the hotel was comfortable. I would definitely return. If you are interested in being in the Battery park area this is a wonderful place to stay. It felt very different from our other nyc visits when we have stayed in the upper east side and mid-town. We definitely had to travel to other neighborhoods each evening for dinner but this was a quick subway ride and a $7 - $10 cab ride.	
Apr 2 2007	This hotel is a SOLID 5!	Just had a &quot;girls&quot; weekend this past weekend. This hotel is awesome! A great bargain, for everything you get. Not to mention, VERY clean and decorated nicely! The entire staff was friendly/helpful/professional. The rooms are large by New York standards. With the breakfast buffet and complimentary cocktails, this is a very good value. It is very close to the Statue of Liberty and nice to be off of the beaten path! Can't wait to stay again!	
Mar 29 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Embassy for 4 nights in Feb 2007. Suites are a good size, with a bedroom, seperate lounge with sofa bed, dining table and chairs. Furnishings were good quality and modern. Free breakfast is a nice touch and was actually ok - go for the pancakes made fresh while you wait! Free internet in the lobby was excellent - didn't need to queue as there were about 6 terminals.Hotel is very modern, very large and in a quiet area. Didn't notice any noise from the construction work nearby. Lovely view of the Hudson &amp; Jersey skyline and a real retreat from the hustle and bustle of midtown. 5 minute walk to the subway, Century 21 &amp; Ground Zero and approx $12 cab fare from Times Square. Walking distance to Tribeca.We can't fault the Embassy and would not hesitate to stay there when we visit again next year!	
Mar 26 2007 	Free Breakfast and Drinks on the House!	Stayed there for several days in February of 2007 in a Queen Bed Suite on the SE corner of the building. Couple things you should know about this place.There is a construction project right next door on the east side of the building right now. The mornings can be rough if you plan to sleep in. If you're there on a weekday, you might want to ask to be moved to another side of the building. I was an early bird so it wasn't much of an issue for me, but I could imagine it bothering some people enough to wake them up.Travelers on TripAdvisor have also stated that there is no longer an ocean view from the rooms. I wasn't in one of those rooms, but what they say makes sense. There are so many taller buildings right next to it, I don't think it's worth the extra money to get such a room.Despite all that, it is a suite, and they are pretty hard to come by in NYC, especially with the price they were offering. My party of 4 was given 4 vouchers per day we stayed, and each of those vouchers have 3 coupons on them, 2 for alcoholic drinks and 1 for free breakfast. Their evening reception (for the free drinks) is quite busy, so just know that there might be a line. Still, it's free and nothing beats a free drink.If you have luggage from NY Penn Station or from anywhere else, consider taking the taxi instead of the subway or any other form of mass transportation. The walk from the Subway station to the hotel is a hassle, but even worse with heavy bags to carry around. Be sure to ask the concierge for the Manhattan Bus and Subway map. There is a #20 bus that runs right in front of the hotel which we took quite often from Time Square area. I hope the information helped. Have a great time in NYC!	
Mar 25 2007 	Best buy in NY	This hotel is great. Huge rooms, free evening cocktails and the best breakfast in NY. It's not a good location to walk to places or if you don't know the city because you have to rely on the subway or taxis. The staff is very friendly. The price was very reasonable for NY.	
Mar 24 2007	Pretty Nice Place To Stay - I'd Stay Again	I stayed at this hotel unexpectedly when my flight out of New York was cancelled due to snow and I was unable to get a room at the Millenium Hilton. The hotel is quite new and so the decor and furnishings are all new and in good shape. The room presents the typical Embassy Suites set-up with a sitting room divided by a kitchen and bathroom and then a bedroom. The only window is in the bedroom, but unlike older Embassy Suites hotels, the wall between the bedroom and the living room was made of glass, so the light from the outside actually made its way into the living room. The bedroom furniture was actually pretty unique (in a good way), and overall, this was a really pleasant place to stay for a night. Given that it was almost half the price of the Millenium Hilton down the street, it might be worth a return visit. My only problem with the hotel was the noise from the room next door. It sounded as if there was a group of teenagers in the room next door and they did not go to bed all night. The walls must not be very well insulated, because I could hear them talking and carrying on even while watching the television. Once I wanted to go to sleep, the noise got a little annoying. One other thing - the hotel is a little off the beaten path and there's not much around it.	
Mar 20 2007 	48 hours in NYC	I spent 48 hours in NYC and returned home yesterday. The Embassy Suites is a lovely hotel. Breakfast, managers reception, the suite..everything was fantastic. The concierge was not the most accomodating and some of the info given was not quite accurate. The only downside about staying at this hotel is the distance to Broadway. We were in NYC and saw 3 Broadway shows and spent a lot of money and time on taxis. The subway is a good 10 minute walk from the hotel. The area seems lonely at night time and we took a taxi back after the shows each time.	
Mar 5 2007 	CLEAN and Beautiful	I stayed at this hotel March 3 for one night and I wished I could have stayed longer. The room was beautiful, and most importantly CLEAN! I'm very hestitant about staying in hotels in NYC due to cleanliness, but this hotel was just amazing. I could not get over how clean,fresh, and beautiful everything was. i HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL.	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Stay	Had a great stay for 8 nights spanning 5th anniversary of 9/11. As you can imagine hotel and surroundings were very moving on the actual day.Hotel itself was great - agree with all other positive reviews. Can't help feeling place will lose in popularity when condo under construction blocks out view.of river - which we loved.Staff were very friendly helpful and efficient. Only flaw was when leaving we sat and waited for our Limo while he sat along the street - where he'd been directed by concierge - who didn't come and tell us despite the fact I had told him we were inside and which company was picking us up. Don't suppose it was because we hadn't booked thru him?!We really enjoyed coming back after a busy day and then getting that vacation feeling by sitting at one of restaurants around the nearby Marina.If you like a wee friendly Bar try 17 Murray on Murray St - its on the way back from the subway!	
Feb 22 2007 	Great place to stay	We had a great stay at this hotel over 16th to 20th February 2007. Arriving at EWR we chose to travel by train to Newark Penn then take the PATH train ($1.50) to World Trade Center which was a 10 minute easy walk to the Hotel. A friendly arrival and check in, no bell boys dragging your cases away, 4 lifts to 15 floors, rarely had to wait more than 30 seconds. The room, well there were two rooms plus bathroom, were very comfortable, with coffee making, self-serve minibar which charged to your room as you took the item out and a cavernous safe. The view was fantastic, worth the extra for a harbor view, despite the new build block partially blocking the vista.A TV in each room, fair size bathroom but low and wide bath - more suited to the American physique? Hair dryer, two settees, a desk, big bed, and a number of restaurants on the premises. also a gym, free to use for hotel guests.Breakfast a little frantic at busy times, but plenty of choice, manager's reception a nice thought. Subway was around ten minutes away. A lovely walk along the waterfront down to the Circle Line ferries (30 minutes stroll) for Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty Brooklyn Bridge (50 minutes). Pick up point for Sight seeing buses around 15 mins away and buy ticket point around 30 mins away (next to ferries). Recommend red buses rather than blue ones, we and quite a few others had some difficulties with the 'sightseeing NY' company! Best buy was a 2 or 3 day ticket, hop on hop off plus Empire State visit (you jumped part of the queue) and a few others all included. Security at Empire State and Ferries was as high as airport so allow a little extra time.We felt very safe walking about, a few touts but not a major problem. Subway ticket was $2 which you used within two hours, or a Metrocard for $7 which gave unlimited bus and subway travel until 3am the next day. You can get to all 5 boroughs (Manhatten, Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens and Staten Island) with this. Also felt quite safe using public transport.Hope this helps and enjoy your stay.	
Feb 21 2007	Loved the Embassy Suites!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on Jan. 15 and 16. What a pleasant surprise! We booked our rooms by directing calling the hotel. Very courteous staff, and I got an excellent AAA rate (about $233 a night for a king size bed suite). The hotel is new, offers free breakfast and evening cocktails. The bed was comfortable and had crispy white sheets. Bathroom was great with Bath and Body Works products. Everytime we contacted the front desk, they were extremely helpful. There are also six computers in the lobby for free internet access. Everything for such a great price in Manhattan while all the other hotels of the same class run over $350! Only had a minor problem with the remote control of the TVs as it would only go up when we tried to switch channels. Nothing bad enough to ruin our stay though!The Embassy Suites Manhattan is without any doubt a 4-5 star hotel, and anyone who wants to have a great place to stay in Manhattan, I would highly recommend it.	
Feb 21 2007 	Weekend Getaway	Spent a very chilly weekend at the Embassy Suites. Good deal included parking. Manager's reception was a lot of fun. Drinks and snacks, very friendly feel to it. Full breakfast included, everything you could possibly want. A little hectic but the food was good. We requested and got a corner room on the top floor. Outstanding view of the Statue of Liberty and the Hudson River. Unfortunately the view from other rooms is now blocked by a new condo complex so you might want to specifically request a room with a view. Rooms are very clean, large, beds are terrific. Completely separate living room (bedroom door can be closed) which is nice for naps or families with kids. One block from ground zero, 8 easy blocks to Battery Park and the Holocaust Museum. It was truly freezing so we just went downstairs right in the hotel for an easy dinner at Chevy's. Neighborhood is deserted at night but plenty of cabs are right outside to take you elsewhere in the city. There was a parking snafu as we checked out. Manager came out immediately and solved the problem. Handled very well and we left saying we'd be back.	
Feb 21 2007	Excellent hotel - good position	Just had three nights here in (extremely cold) early February. I highly recommend this hotel - especially for those who have already `done` the NY Midtown tourist thing. Positioned as it is on the border of the Financial District and TriBeCa - it is great for exploring both of these areas as well as SoHo - Greenwich Villages - Chinatown. Less than five minute walk to Chambers Street subway (1,2,3,A,C,E lines). Right beside Ground Zero site.Quiet at night - but completely non-threatening. Good restaurants are quite close - try Odeon on W. Broadway or Devin on Greenwich St.. 24 hour convenience store just two blocks along North End Avenue. Get down for breakfast by 8am if you don`t want a bit of a wait - but the selection is great. Manager`s Reception in the evening is also popular. Staff were accommodating - room well maintained and good sized. We were lucky still to have a view past the construction site opposite and out over the river to the Jersey shore (Room 930).Booked through hotel website - £100 pn incl all taxes.	
Feb 20 2007 	Sweet Embassy	I had never stayed in one of the Embassy Suites chain before but after my experience at the Embassy Suites in New York I would not hesitate to be a repeat customer and recommend it to my friends. Having stayed in a number of hotels in New York, including the Waldorf, the Soho Grand, the Parker Meridien and others, I can honestly say that for the amount you are paying at the Embassy Suites you will not be able to find a comparable hotel in Manhattan. My room, which was a basic suite, had a living room with a minibar, mircrowave, tv etc and a large bright bedroom as well as a functional bathroom with granite counters. Considering the decidedly pokey rooms that I was used to in NYC I had a fantastic amount of space - in fact far larger than the tiny studio apartments of many friends who live in the city. In addition the room was kept beautifully clean, and the bed and bedding were very comfortable. There are a number of restaurants within the same building as the hotel, as well as a great many more within a short walk or cab ride. Perhaps my only reservation, which is entirely a matter of personal choice, is that the hotel's location is slightly too quiet if you are looking to stay in a lively neighbourhood. While there are all the amenities you could need nearby, the Battery Park/WTC area is, like most financial districts, not the richest or most exciting area culturally speaking. The area's upside is that it is very safe and a short cab ride to Tribeca, Soho and the Village and will be for many a far preferably option to the many overpriced slightly grubby hotels in those areas.All in all, having stayed in some of the best hotels in town like the Mandarin Oriental - the Embassy Suites acquits itself admirably. You won't get all the frills of a four or five star but the comfort and value for money are unparalleled.	
Feb 20 2007 	Theives at the Embassy!!!	my three friends and i stayed at the embassy from feb09 to feb12... during the entire stay we left the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door. however, the housekeeper named KELLY on the sixth floor came into our room the first night and commented i didnt know anyone was in here, i was going to drop off some fresh towels.... second morning she did it again... was a good thing we kept the chain on the door. we really didnt bother to think anything of that. that is until we checked out monday morning. we were in a rush... and forgot one small luggage containing make-up, medication (that i need on a daily basis), and a lot of money. after about half hour, i noticed i forgot it at the hotel that i called them to go to the room and pick it up for me so i could return for it. the head security named ernest said there was nothing left in the room. i returned to the hotel to look for myself. we then questioned the housekeeping. KELLY first responded she hasnt had time yet to clean the room and she hadnt gone in the room yet (suggesting i must have taken it with me). i then asked to go up to the room myself. as soon as i walked into the room, i noticed the $10 tip i left on the coffee table was gone. obviously someone has been in the room... i mentioned the missing tip to ernest and thats when KELLY admitted to going into the room right after we checked out just to grab her tip. ernest said they would investigate this situation and interrogate KELLY to figure out what happened. they never called back. so i called, and the response was they didnt figure out anything new other than the story KELLY previously gave. the result.... my luggage was NEVER retrieved. DO NOT TRUST THE HOUSEKEEPING AT THIS HOTEL!!!!! and make use of the safes when u leave your rooms!!!	
Feb 18 2007 	VERY DISAPPOINTING...completely UNDERWHELMED	I often refer to this site for hotel reviews and in my experience have found that most of the times the comments are on the mark...this time i felt like hat i must have gone to another property...could not possibly be the same place people described on this site!I arrived at the hotel in the evening to find that the room type that i reserved was not available. They put me in another room with the promise of a change the folowing day....i found the staff to be rude and indifferent with no apology offered for the inconvenience....this despite being a hilton gold member!! . I also noticed that they were fielding a series of other complaints from disgruntled guests at the desk with the same indifference....i started to worry about what was to come.The room was your typical embassy suite ( basic) room with the exception that the furniture seemed worn and there were brownish/rust coloured stains on the carpet. They were also doing some work on the room next door ( IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT) I called the front desk ( it took three calls for them to pick up the phone!) They said they would see what they could do...two hours later at 12:30am the noise next door stopped.The room had no remote control for the TV...I called the reception for a remote. They said they would send someone...waited an hour , called again, they said someone was on the way...showed up about the same time the noise next door stopped...unbelievable! They really seemed to be an air of complete disorganisation at this propertyOnly one of the two phones in the room worked and the internet did not work....attempted to call for assisatnce but no one picked up.BEWARE There is a building under construction in front of the hotel and a MAJORITY of the rooms that previously had a full view of the HUDSON now face the construction....The next morning I went to the front desk to ask toswitch rooms...they said they would possibly be able to switch me after 3pm in the afternoon and that i should leave my packed bags by the door for them to move...given the experience up until then with their lack of responsiveness i decided not to risk anymore mishaps, checked out and went to another hotel. On the postive side the embassy has a great fitness facility and the free breakfast morning was quite good but neither in my opinion stellar enough to compensate for poor service. I will not return...Have had much better experiences at Le Parker Meridien, Sofitel, Rennaisance, the Palace, Benjamin and the HIlton	
Feb 16 2007	Great place to stay in NYC	We stayed at the Embassy Suites in New York for 2 nights in Feb and loved it.Staff - extremely friendly particularly, the reception and the concierge.Location - 2 mins from Ground Zero, 8 mins from the metro, overlooking the Hudson (although they are building apartments in front which will block SOME rooms). Great for Century 21, Battery Park, Wall Street.Facilities - Fantastic all you can eat breakfast with fully-cooked, pancakes, omlettes, cereal, bagels and toast, fresh fruit. Free drinks and nibbles every night. Massive rooms for NY, very clean. The hotel is really quite funky, and has restaurants and a cinema in the complex.In a word (or two) - STAY HERE!	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Manhattan family hotel	We stayed at this hotel very recently after reading the reviews on this site. The hotel is great. All rooms have microwave and fridge and a safe. the breakfast is great and fills you up for the day. The red line 1 station is not very far. In the evening the manager's reception is great too. 2 free alcoholic drinks and free sodas. Over all very clean, friendly and a very good experience. Will stay again. If I did not it will be because I want to try some other location.	
Jan 20 2007	Loved it!	All suite rooms with microwave and fridge.Fantastic complimentary breakfast to set you up for the day,everything you could think of.A great idea to have a free bar from 5-7p.m the only downside was it closed at seven then the hotel was pretty quiet.Not a lot goes on at night downtown but &quot;The Buzz&quot; is only a 2 dollar metro ride away.Great location for The Financial District,Battery Park,Liberty Island and South Street Seaport. Can highly recommend this Hotel.	
Jan 18 2007	Embassy Suites New York City - Full Marks - Excellent!	5 Ladies from Scotland on our first visit to New York the week before Xmas. This great downtown hotel was a quiet refuge from the vast crowds uptown. Friendly helpful staff. Rooms were spotlessly clean no complaints. Great all you can eat full breakfast to keep you going till late afternoon. Get there before 8 am to avoid long lines, especially at weekend. Back to Hotel in time each evening (5.30 - 7.30pm) to sample Managers free drinks invitation. Excellent. Two good family type restaurants within the hotel and free use of a great Gym to guests. Good location for easy walking distance for trips to Statue of Liberty, etc. Short 5 mins. walk past Ground Zero to discount designer store Century 21 which our daughters loved. Only two minuses - one being that the lovely River/skyline view is now obscured by the nearly completed construction of a new building. The other being that the Hotel is about as far downtown town as you can go before falling into the Hudson, therefore it does take up some of your precious time to get anywhere. But it's nice to retreat to somewhere quiet. Would definately return to this hotel.	
Jan 17 2007 	Glad we chose the Embassy Suites	We chose to stay in this Embassy Suites hotel for two reasons: we had a party of five people (two parents, a 20-year-old and 16-year-old twins) which is hard to fit into a regular hotel room set up and because of positive past experiences with Embassy Suites. We started off rocky because our room wasn't ready, but Tia, working at the desk, asked if we would accept an upgrade to a corner suite, which we did. Our room was very nice and our twins didn't mind sleeping on rollaway beds. Frankly each night after touring we all fell asleep right away. The room was clean, very quiet and requests for more towels and blankets were answered promptly. The breakfast was a great start to the day: good food, tables cleaned quickly. We only went to one cocktail reception, but it also was great. Unlimited soft drinks for the kids and the adults each got 3 drink tickets apiece. The walk to the subway wasn't bad at all and the concierges were great about helping with directions. I would definitely stay here again with our family.	
Jan 14 2007 	perfect	we stayed here from dec 31st -jan 7 we were on our honeymoon.we had no problems with checking in ,the hotel was very clean and tidy,the maids were very good ,the breakfast was the best choice i have had whilst being on holiday,and the managers reception sets you up for the night if your going out.dont understand people moaning about the walk to the subway it takes under 10 mins then 5 mins on subway to get to times square,if you get taxi only costs 15 dollars.the concierge was great you can book tickets,get directions,he was very very helpful.yes there is construction going on,but our room was opposite it and we never heard a thing . would highly reccomend this hotel to everyone ,will definatley stay here again ,any questions you can contact me markandrews6@btinternet.com	
Jan 13 2007 	Perfect Hotel	We stayed at the Embassy Suites in October 2006 (Columbus Day weekend). We booked the hotel based on the reviews on this site and the fact that it offers suites at a reasonable price. It more than met our expectations. One of our concerns when booking was the location and proximity to the subway. The location was perfect; it was peaceful on the weekend and so interesting looking out the window on a week day morning and seeing so many people making their way to work. As many people have mentioned it was nice to leave the excitement of Time Square to come home to a peaceful night on the Embassy Suites. The subway was a very short and easy walk away. We always took the subway for our trips away from the area and found it very easy. There were times we took a taxi back to the hotel because we could not walk another step! The hotel itself was wonderful, the room was large, the beds very comfortable and the room was very clean. The morning breakfast was wonderful. They had everything you could think of and was never crowded. It was a wonderful way to start the day. All the employees were very polite and helpful. Our flight home was from LGA and instead of taking a taxi the bell boy arranged with one of the drivers from across the street at the World Financial Center to take us to the airport for almost the same price. This was a great way to end the trip as the car was comfortable and the driver was so interesting to talk with. We are returning to New York in April for our second trip and have already booked the Embassy	
Jan 11 2007	a good stay	we a family of 4 had a good stay here. the hotel is clean bright and has plenty of atmosphere. breakfast fab, plenty of everything. staff good. location great for lower manhattan. $ 15 - 20 taxi to midtown. great DHS( discount shoe warehouse ) and movie theatre at the back of the hotel . recommended	
Jan 8 2007 	photo's out of date	We selected the Executive King suite for our 5 night stay as the views shown overlooking the Hudson river looked spectacular, however, upon our arrival we were told that the room which was booked 2 months prior was not available as the occupants had booked in for an additional night, but was guaranteed our room the following day so we accepted another room free of charge. The following day arrived and we were given the Executive suite as requested but we were truly dissapointed as the Views do not exist any longer, buildings have been erected from all angles and there is just a small gap as you look through the buildings onto the Hudson river. The hotel, staff and breakfast were excellent i just wished their website had been updated so customers are not led into a false impression.	
Jan 7 2007 	Very Disappointing	Stayed here for two weeks over Christmas and New Year...... and expected the same high standards experienced in other Embassy Suites but was very disappointed. A simple fault with the television took three trips to the front desk to resolve, and even then, had to argue with the &quot;engineer&quot; in order to get the TV exchanged. The rooms are in serious need of an update, and the system of giving out vouchers for breakfast and happy hour seems very tight fisted compared to other Embassy Suites. Also, found the staff at reception to be rude and unfriendly. Would certainly never stay here again..... you can definitely get better value for money elsewhere.	
Jan 7 2007 	Not what I expected	We arrived there on new years eve and were welcomed to a scene of mayhem, there were people, bags and children everywhere. Children running in and out of your legs on heelies seemed to be normal behaviour in this hotel.The room itself was supposed to be a harbourview room, we could see glimpses of Jersey City but our main view was of a building site with a twenty story block in the early stages of completion. I naievely had expected our view to be like that which is shown on the hotel's web page. The best way to describe the hotel is well worn. The walls all have scrapes and marks on them with mysterious stains on the carpets and ceilings. Our room was large but showed evidence of previous guest stays from the mould on the bathroom tiles, stains on the bedspread and dried bathfoam suds on the shower curtain. We attempted to change or upgrade our room but found that the other two available rooms were much the same.THe website neglects to tell you that you do not get a fridge, plates or cutlery in your room so the only additional extra above that of an average hotel room is a microwave.The free breakfast was the excellant aside from the fact that you either need a second person to hold your table while you get your food or you have to run your chances of not getting a table once you have gotten your food. Everything about the breakfast is self service in a cafeteria like environment.The free managers reception in the evening seems to lack a manager and is again a self service affair. It is again good value though with plenty of choice and complimentary snacks if you can stand the cafeteria like atmosphere of where it is held.Overall I was disappointed with the hotel as I was away with my partner for a quiet weekend. However we were assured that they were renovating now so I will gove it another chance once this has been done as the hotels location so close to Tribeca, Little Italy and Soho is fantastic. It would be a good hotel if you have kids and dont want luxury.	
Jan 5 2007 	Quiet location	We stayed in this hotel from 29-Dec-06 to 02-Jan-07. My wife and 2 children (in their 20's). I agree with previous positive comments, breakfast times were busy but had everything you would want. The free drinks between 5.30 and 7.30 were welcome and you could use previous days unused vouchers as they were not date stamped. We mainly used taxis to get about, allow $14-$18 to Times Square. 5 minute walk to ground zero. Staff all seemed helpful. Tip - if you want to book a helicopter trip, book early. If using SATNAV to get to the hotel make sure that it does not take you to N. end avenue on Staten Island, it will take you 1.5 hours out of your way and a $9 toll.	
Jan 2 2007 	Wonderful Stay!!!!!!!!!	What a wonderful stay at Embassy Suites at New York City! My family and I were there from Dec. 26 to Dec. 30, 2006 just for visit the big apple.We were arrived late when we check-in to the hotel, but that's not a problem because the front desk person who checked us in were great, her name is &quot;Tia&quot; she is the best overall of our trip experance at New York City! She is friendly and very helpful, she actually gave us a room that look over the river.......Very nice view. Eventhough there are a new construction across from the hotel, the contractor were walking around, but it didn't bother us at all, because you are mostly out from the hotel anyway. Those contractor working early and leave early, so by the time you return from shopping or whatever, they were already gone by 3:30 PM everyday.We stay at room #1226, it's in front of the elevator, I was worry about the noise, but after the first night stay, I knew that I will be fine since there were a living room between the elevator lobby and the bedroom. Room were very clean, the maid were doing a very good job everyday keep our room nice and clean. Bathroom also very clean.Breakfast and the evening manager recieption were the money saver for us all. It's included in the room rate, so all you have to do is get up early and have a quick breakfast. Since it's holiday season when we were there, the line for breakfast is long, but if you get up early, you actually will have a nice quiet breakfast. The evening manager recieption were very nice, we got our free drink everynight when we return to the hotel. The hotel is not that close to the MTA system, it's 10 to 15 minutes walking to the MTA subway from/to the hotel. At New York City, you have to walk almost everywhere anyway, that little walk didn't not bother us at all. Make sure you have a pair walking shoes with you when you visit Big Apple. Trust me, sometime buses are slower then walking.We love this hotel and for sure we will stay here again.	
Jan 1 2007 	Prepare yourself for the Check-in	Very possibly the worst check-in experience we have ever had. Arrived just after 4.00pm to find families who had got there earlier than the advertised check-in of 4.00pm occupying themselves or looking bored. Informal queue of about 8 to 10 people in front of us. A combination of no queuing system or queue discipline, with people not prepared to wait their turn and sneak in at either end of the reception, and the fact that only two of the six staff behind the desk were prepared to do any real work made the 45 minute experience one we would like to forget. Not an ideal way to begin a 5 day break for the five of us particularly after similar chaos at immigration which took over an hour to clear. Other than that the hotel lived up to its billing and provided clean, good quality accomodation in a convenient location.	
Dec 28 2006 	Clean hotel	We stayed here the week before Christmas and were pleasantly surprised by how clean and quiet the hotel was. Although we were there during a very busy time of year the wait at the buffet in the morning was relatively painless and there was plenty of food. On the downside we paid extra for a harbor view room and got a view of the condos being built across the street. I would think twice before paying extra for a &quot;view&quot;. It got cold and windy while we were there plus I came down with a cold so I was not fond of the walk from the subway station. In warmer weather I would not have minded it one bit though. We have stayed in the Times Square area previously and, to be honest, will stay in a more uptown location the next time we go. If that's not your preference then by all means this is the hotel to stay. The other negative comment I have is that when we had our bags stored while our room was getting ready the bellman asked my husband for a tip before he even had a chance to give one to him. Apparently the bellman's shift was going to be up before we returned so he wanted to make sure that he was compensated for his trouble. I booked our room months in advance at the Embassy Suites website and got a &quot;special internet rate&quot; that I had to prepay in advance. I noticed 2 months later that the rates had actually gone down $40/night and was told when I called and questioned it that the rate I prepaid was non-refundable and basically I was out of luck. I then sent a letter to inquire about it and my letter was never acknowledged. One more thing for you to think twice about. Overall our stay was pleasant and I would not discourage anyone from staying here.	
Dec 21 2006 	Fab loved it.	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites for our first anniversary over the Thanksgiving period. The hotel was great, a fantastic all you can eat buffet breakfast (the chocolate chip pancakes in particular) and we never found the queues to be too bad at all even though this was one of their busiest periods. It has been reported on this site that the Manager's evening reception was limited to one free drink coupon per person, we never found this to be the case and some evenings had been given 5 free drink coupons each (and the free nachos, salsa and chilli was superb, we actually had enough some days that we didn't need dinner). It is a bit out of the centre of the city but only a 5 minute walk to the nearest subway and the cheap price and abundance of taxis meant that this was never a problem. The suites are spacious and contain a microwave and mini bar although we asked for an empty fridge to be delivered and this arrived 15 min after check-in. There is alot of building work going on in the area but unless you are a light sleeper this shouldn't be too much of a problem (we stayed on the 4th floor and slept very well, building work started about 0800). All the staff were very pleasant, there is a free fitness facility on the 2nd floor and various resturants within the hotel building. This is a very busy family orientated hotel so some negative experiences by some guests are to be expected, however, we had a fantastic trip and would definately stay here again if in New York.	
Dec 9 2006 	Super Suite	We just got back from a three day stay here and can't say enough about this hotel! The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and spacious and the breakfast was excellent. We also enjoyed the Manager's Reception which was great to come back to after a hard day's sightseeing! We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely return next year! Merry Christmas!	
Nov 26 2006 	Great hotel experience	Used Hilton Honors points to book four nights at the Embassy Suites. As I type this sitting in the Hilton Garden Inn in Atlanta I urge those unfamiliar with the Hilton rewards program to look into it if you travel on business. We also have an AMEX card that we pay for everything with during the month then pay off in full to pad our points total. The points make it worthwhile being away from home so much as it saved us $1600 or so for the visit. The suite was huge and the lady that checked us in put us in a corner room on the 4th floor. Our bedroom had a view of the Hudson from one window and a view of the SOL from the other. We stayed at the Swissotel the Drake in July 2005(sorry it's gone, great location and decor) and the Grand Hyatt last December (never again). The Hotel was a couple of blocks from the Chambers street subway station and the 1 train that is convenient to all of midtown and the UWS. The only negative thing was walking thru the gauntlet of vendors offering pirated DVD's and I heart NYC T-shirts everyday. The hotel may seem out of the way on a map but if you're able to walk any distance at all anything in the city is within easy reach. Free cooked to order breakfast and free drinks at night for 2 hours as well:)	
Nov 25 2006 	Misleading "Harbor View"	Selected Embassy Suites for ammenities associated with the chain, i.e., room layout, breakfast and managers reception. Since this was to be a special trip, I opted for the &quot;harbor view&quot; room, as depicted in the hotel's web site. This was a premium priced room at over $300 per night. Arrived there to find a high rise building under construction between the hotel and the harbor. Our &quot;harbor view&quot; was a view of a building under construction - and all the construction noise associated with it. The hotel management was not interested in adjusting the rate or room. I've stayed in Embassy Suites in many locations. I consider this one below average and a poor value.	
Nov 13 2006 	Above average	My wife, family (17 and 13) and I recently spent six nights at the Embassy Suites. On arrival we were told that the room we had booked (double queen) had been given away due to overbooking. Not a geat start, but after we had expressed our dissatisfaction we were given a king suite at no charge and transferred to the proper room the following day.We choose the hotel based on reviews here and had to agree with all the positives about the breakfast and the evening reception (two free alcoholic drinks per adult). It was a great way to start and end the day and there was a bit of a bit of a buzz around.I did find the rooms less than sound proof. Toilet flushes and showers could be heard. Luckily we were starting early ourselves! Free internet with sensible 15 min limit at reception was great. The location is in the quiet financial district - local building wasn't a problem -away from the madness. Outside the front door is the Irish Hunger Memorial garden and a wonderful walk along the river to Battery Park which can be enjoyed day or night. There are some eating options available nearby with an entrance from the hotel to a Mexican restaurant and just outside are a bagel bar, noodle place and bar /grill open late. The main hotel restaurant seems to be shut up. Across the street please visit the World Financial Centre for lunch some time and THE best view of the tragic Ground Zero scene.From the hotel you can also access a fantastic shoe shop!There are two subway lines served from nearby stations for trips uptown but they are a 10 min walk approx - not ideal. In general subway stations were impossible to locate unless you fell into one. Taxis to Time Square etc only cost about $12.Overall we were happy with our stay and with 4 people would probably stay again.	
Nov 12 2006 	Good option for a business trip	This hotel is pretty standard, but the service is pretty good (makes up for the cookie cutter design). Room Service is not 24 hours, which is an issue for people coming in from other countries - I like to get a hot meal when I arrive at midnight!The only complaint is the Manager's reception. This is the first Embassy Suites where I've been issued two tickets for one drink each - for each night. It was always a nice perk to be able to run down to the reception and enjoy some drinks before dinner...but to be issued tickets is rather insulting and I've stopped going altogether.The rooms are large, very clean, and very comfortable.	
Nov 6 2006 	Get treated like VIP here!	If you're looking for somewhere great to stay and also be treated like VIP...stay here!! I wanted a quick get a way and let me tell you I couldnt have been happier here. The service was GREAT and the rooms were amazing...ANY room in this hotel is great and CLEAN!!! We all know how crazy some places can be..but I was so impressed. I give it a 10 :) Can't wait to go back!	
Nov 5 2006	Fantastic Family Hotel!	We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of October with our 2 children and it was ideal. We had a 2 double bedded suite (tip - ask for a room on the 15th floor at the end of the corridor - nice and quiet). We found the room to be really clean and welcoming after a long journey from the UK; check-in was easy, and having called ahead to request an end of corridor room we had been obliged! The rooms don't have fridges (just mini-bars), however on requesting a fridge at check-in we had one delivered to our room within 30 minutes. In recent reviews I have read comments about the local building work, I have to say we heard absolutely nothing! Our room was along the side of the hotel which was away from the building works at the front and rear and I think that because we were on the top floor it helped. The free breakfast was just brilliant and set us up for the day; it was never particularly busy and had so much choice. With Children of 11 &amp; 13 the managers reception was a welcome rest at the end of a busy day touring NYC. You are given vouchers at check in which entitle you to a generous amount of free alcoholic drinks - the 'sodas' are free and vouchers weren't needed. They also provide free Nachos and Dips. After a sit down we would feel refreshed and ready to go out to eat! If you fancy a really good pizza in NYC - go to Lombardi's (google it), it was the best pizza ever and so reasonable. In terms of getting round NYC, we found the hotel really well placed, it was a 5 min walk to the nearest subway which got you into the heart of town in 10 mins max. Also the yellow cabs were always outside the hotel and I have to say they were really reasonable - just make sure they don't take you the long way round! If you fly to JFK, the yellow cabs line up outside arrivals and it costs only $45 flat fee to get to anywhere in Manhattan - well worth the fare. One final note, there are 6 free to use internet enabled PC's in the Reception area. We never had to wait to use them and the Children enjoyed being able to have 15 mins on them to chat to their friends at home!Anyway I could go on and on! Needless to say if we ever go back to NYC, we wouldn't stay anywhere other than Embassy Suites.	
Nov 5 2006 	Continues To Delight	This is the second time I have had the pleasure of staying here and it won,t be the last ! Stayed for 5 nights from 22nd to 27th October.Noticed a few negative reviews posted recently. Personally I had no issues with the buliding work outside. I was on the 7th floor, on the corner so had a view of both Hudson and Financial centre which was cool. Although workers started early I experienced no noise maybe due to position of suite.Five of us shared a suite, my wife and 3 kids, 16,16,18, it was their first time and they loved it. The breakfast is superb, as is the manager's reception at night.Room cleanliness was spotless and staff were friendly and polite, especially at breakfast.Ate at Applebys which was in same complex, food and service excellent.Location was not an issue to us. Buy a subway ticket $24 for the week unlimited travel. It takes about 10 mins to walk to subway at World Trade Centre and from there you catch direct trains to Times Square (line 1 ,2 or 3).15 minute walk to ferry for Liberty Island which is a must. Ensure you get a timed pass though or else you will not be able to go inside - these are limited and on first day we could not get one so had to queue at 8.30 next day to gaurantee it.When at Maceys store make you sure you register for a 10% reduction card if from outside US - we didn,t find out until later.All in all this hotel is an excellent base for enjoying NYC.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great hotel	I had just one problem with this hotel - I had reserved a smoking suite with river view through the hotel website. Unfortunately, this category of suite no longer exists as I was informed that the 6th floor is the smoking floor and from the sixth floor the only view available is of an extremely large building site. We requested and were given immediately a higher suite (15th floor) although this was no smoking. What slightly bothered me was the clerks' attitudes. The first one couldn't have been more indifferent and the second was positively sarcastic. Apart from that, I couldn't fault this hotel. Large rooms, great view over the river from the higher floors (although I don't know how long that will last in view of the building works). It was nice to have the two rooms in the suite rather than 3 of us being cramped into one bedroom. Everything was very clean, lots of nice toiletries, and when we requested extra blankets, they arrived within minutes. Apart from the two initial room clerks, every other member of staff (reception, doorman, housekeeping, bellboys) that we met was absolutely charming. The breakfast is really great and kept us going through to dinner. There are about half a dozen computers in the lobby with free internet access which is very convenient. I would definitely stay here again (even without the view). Very good value for money and great location.	
Nov 3 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for 5 days at the end of October, fantastic hotel.Staff were execellent, loved the free breakfast each morning and the managers reception each evening.Great hotel if you have kids Location was good also as it was nice to come back after a busy day to somewhere a little quiterWhen/if I return to New York will stay here again	
Oct 31 2006 	Great rate for a suite in NYC	I booked this hotel on Hotwire.Com (it was listed as &quot;a 3-star hotel in the financial district for $195/night). It was a great place to stay for that price. We got a suite with a nice sitting area and table and bar, with a large bathroom, and separate bedroom with nice furniture in it. We got vouchers for free breakfast and cocktails but we never used them. The building is lovely. There is free internet in the lobby, but you have to pay to get wifi in your room. The staff was very nice. My only quibble is that with such a nice room, it had only a double bed and not a queen. The location is ok -- you're in the financial district so there isn't much &quot;fun&quot; right around it to do... and the walk to the subway (at least until the nearby cortland stop is open) is about 15 minutes. But, it is quite close to LaGuardia and very easy to get around anyway. It is basically right across the street from &quot;Ground Zero.&quot;Unless we were in town for business in that neighborhood, i would probably book a hotel more in a fun neighborhood like Greenwich VIllage or Soho... but we booked at the last minute, and for the price we got, you can't beat it....	
Oct 26 2006 	Please be warned	My family and I have just returned from a five night stay here and although there is nothing wrong with what happened inside the hotel anyone making a booking should be told about the construction work being carried out on two sides of the hotel. We were in a room on the 10th floor with a view of the Hudson river.....well that was the case when we arrived but not by the time we left. An apartment block is being built at an alarming rate and any view is being eroded on a daily basis. If you are not on the top couple of floors then no view for you other than a construction site with about one hundred workers, two cranes, angle grinders and drills together with a starting time of anywhere between 0400 and 0600 making a full night's sleep impossible. On the 'city view' side a new building is being built and it will not be long before that also affects any view but already the noise is beginning to build. I have always rated the Embassy chain throughout the whole of the US but would and could not recommend this hotel to anyone at present.	
Oct 24 2006 	Their money grabbing put me off	The suite was fine - comfortable bed and nice bedding, but there were so many things that I didn't expect from an expensive hotel.First of all, the front desk person took about 15 minutes to get me checked in, even through I was the only person there at the time. She kept walking off and doing other things, as well as sneezeing on me!But mainly I was disappointed at what I saw as a lack of hospitality. I had to continually call the front desk to get things that weren't in the room, but that were listed on the hotel website, and that are standard items in other hotels.. i had to call for a bathrobe, slippers, coffee (not replaced afer I used the one sachet provided on the first night), showercap. I couldn't fit anything in the &quot;fridge&quot; because it is really a mini bar. There was no price list for the minibar, and so i took a couple of items out to see what they were - the hotel tried to bill me for them, even though I replaced them! I had to request the removal of these items from my bill three times before they actually got removed. There was no &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign either, and I had to wait at the front desk for 15 minutes for them to find one. I think that's strange.Internet at $10 per day is steep - many quality hotels don't charge at all for wireless. And I had no cell phone signal at all in the hotel.The bathrobe i requested was taken out of the room the following day - it seems like you had to request one every day. What a palavar! There was also no guest directory in the room, and I was told one would be delivered but it never was. These are small things, but they add up to a below par experience for an expensive hotel. Plus, there is no longer a view of the river because there is a construciton site over the road - very noisy too. I definitely won't stay there again.	
Oct 20 2006	Enjoyed our 3-night stay	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. We paid about $370 per night excluding taxes, etc.Things we liked:- We requested for a &quot;room with a view&quot; when we booked, they didn't have any. They recommended us to ask while checking in. We asked for a room with a view during check in and the clerk gave us a room with excellent view. I have posted a couple of pictures taken from our room.- They gave us vouchers for breakfast and 2 free drinks during the happy hour (manager's reception). We all enjoyed the buffet breakfast very much. You can have &quot;cooked to order&quot; breakfast plus many other items such as yogurts, juices, breads, muffins, donuts, cereal, coffee, tea, breakfast meats, bagels, etc. Fantastic quality, well arranged for easy access, and surplus seating. We could use the drink vouchers only one night because we were touring the city on other nights.- Both concierges I dealt with were very helpful.- Suite has two rooms, both were clean, spacious, and comfortable. The sofa in the &quot;living room&quot; can be converted into bed and has a TV. The bed room has a king bed and has its own TV.- Room has a microwave oven. The fridge is filled with items for purchase, but there is no room to keep our stuff.Things we didn't like:- No shuttle service to airport. We paid $49 from JFK to hotel and $55 from hotel to JFK.- Walk to any subway stations is a few blocks. Easy for adults to walk, but may be difficult with little children.- Rewards offerred are not very attractive to me.	
Oct 18 2006 	Standard hotel without character	I staid at the Embassy for 3 nights on business with taxes and all I spent over 500 $ a night. Compared to international standard, I have to say that this is a standard place without any charm or character. Breakfast is served in plastic plates and plastic cups, which in my view should be reserved for low budget hotels. The rooms are very big and the views on the hudson river are fantastic, although a new building is being constructed and guests will not have the views anymore in a couple of months.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great family hotel	My husband and I took our 3 children, ages 11, 13 &amp; 16 to see the major tourist attractions of NYC (which by the way turned out to be perfect ages for the kids to enjoy the city). The room was spacious, the hotel clean and the staff were great. The breakfast included pancakes, eggs, meats, fruits, breads, etc. It really helped save money on food costs. Location is great. Don't miss the walk along the esplanade to the ferry for Ellis Island. Beautiful walk and very doable for our whole family. Approx. 10-15 minutes. Ground zero is a 2 minute walk and across the street from St. Paul's church (where George Washington attended). Right next to St. Frauncis tavern where George drank with his buddies is Stone St. A very quaint cobblestone street where you can eat outside and enjoy the atmosphere. Ate at Adriennes and had a yummy pizza for $15. Fed the whole family. You can walk to the Brooklyn Bridge from there. Go up, it was worth it if even just for a photo opp. The hotel is approx. a $6.00 cab ride to Chinatown, an $11.00 cab ride to midtown and $7.00 from Greenwich village. We took the Chambers St. subway (a 3 minute walk from the hotel @ $2.00 each person one way) which dropped us off at the entrance to the Museum of Natural History. After the museum don't miss the walk thru Central Park to get to midtown. The hotel has a quieter location but is still vibrant and exhilarating. Check across the street at the World Financial Center for any free performances that may be going on. We happened to catch a local dance theatre performing Carmina Burana. If you are travelling with children don't miss Washington Square Park in Greenwich village. The street performers are top notch and I have a feeling that the Sammy Davis look-a-like comedic magician was one of their favortie experiences. Maybe mine too!	
Oct 16 2006 	Perfect	I stayed in the Embassy Suites for a week at the end of September/beginning of October as part of a group of 4.We had a room with two double beds in the one bedroom and although at first we were a bit worried about lack of space it turned out no problem at all. Having the separate living area made all the difference to the suite, we had a view onto the Financial centre although you see the river to your right and the edge of the WTC site to the left. I take the point of not having refrigeration space in the room however there is a drinks and ice machine on every floor, and a small store beside reception selling snacks, drinks and souvenirs. Our room was on the top (15th) floor, which meant it was slightly quieter than other floors.There are 6 computers beside reception with free internet access, which were very handy for checking the football results back home! The breakfast was excellent; it was much busier at the weekend but nothing to horrendous. It was worth the wait, make sure you try the freshly made pancakes or omelettes at least once! It does last you most of the day, which makes it easier to fit in all the sightseeing. We never made it to the manager’s reception as we were never in the hotel during that time period, it did seem popular with other guests.The hotel is out of the very centre of town, but I enjoyed coming back to the peace and quiet of the area at night. The metro is a fantastic way of travelling around, the WTC stop on the blue line is the closest stop, you can obtain a Metro card at the station for 10 dollars which gets you 6 trips for the price of 5. Taxi's are always around, and are still a relatively in-expensive way of getting around.Check in and out was very easy, reception changed travellers cheques with no problems and booked tables at restaurants when we asked. The maid service was very efficient, and other members of staff were friendly to us. We asked the concierge to order us a taxi to the airport (Newark) and he got us one of the hotel cars to take us to the airport in comfort for a reasonable sixty dollars.I would thoroughly recommend going on the Circle Line 3 hour tour round the island, its the only way to realise how big Manhattan is! Top of the Rock is a much better experience than the empire state in my opinion, a less hectic atmosphere. Check out The Odeon in Tribeca and Pastis in Chelsea for good food. Definitely make time to visit St. Paul's Chapel (to the left of the WTC site as you're walking up from the hotel) which acted as a refuge for the rescue workers while clearing up the WTC site. I would definitely return to the Embassy Suites again and would recommend it to anybody.	
Oct 14 2006 	Fantastic short break hotel lovely views and breakfasts.	We were a little worried about the location of the Embassy suites hotel as it is way downtown but we much preferred this area as we had great views from our hotel window of the Statue of Liberty and along the Hudson River and at night it was peaceful and quiet so we all slept really well, after the mania of Times Sq this was perfect.The hotel was spotlessly clean, staff helpful and the suites roomy with really comfortable beds, great power showers and excellent daily maid service. We liked to meet up each night in the bar for our free drink and then often walked to peir 17 for dinner.(Cabana rest' was our favorite there). The breakfasts at the hotel were huge and kept us all going for the day.Internet service in the lobby was helpful to obtain our flight boarding passes home as this really does save alot of queuein. Overall this was a fantastic hotel and our party of 6 would all go back there again.The sight seeing bus passes near by and the local free connection bus was very handy to get to Battersy Park and peir 17. Winter gardens across the road a nice place to visit and would recommend Lips drag queen rest' in Greenich for a fun girly night out with good food. We weren,t impressed with Empire State Building its expensive and the queues are such a waste of time best spent elsewhere like on the free St of Lib ferry ride.	
Oct 10 2006 	not all that I was expecting	booked this hotel through broadway. first of all, the room did not look like the photo's at all. the living room was very tiny. My son was expecting to sleep on the couch but the mattress was so thin and old the springs were easily felt.the couch was also old and in poor condition.the room was suppose to have a fridge but the only fridge was the paying one provided by the hotel, meaning, the fridge was stocked with various items that we were charged for if we used them. no room at all for any food we would of brought back to the hotel.the safe did not work. some-one came to the room to see why the safe didn't work ( I guess they thought we didnt know how to use a safe). I was told they needed to bring in an 'engineer'. no one ever did come to fix the safe. we started leaving our lap top with the front desk.the beds were ok. the windows opened but the noise of the city as too loud to keep them openthe room, despite claims it was updated several years ago showed signs of wear.there was only 1 washer and dryer for all the hotel guests. I don't know how many rooms they have but we were on the 10th floor so there were quite a few rooms.the front desk personal were helpful, telling us how to find the subway and encouraging us to go out and enjoy manhattan. they were patient with my many questions.We wanted to stay 1 additional night but didn't because our rate, after staying for 6 nights, would of been almost 450 dollars which I thought was a tad bit too high.	
Oct 7 2006 	Great place to stay	Great place to stay -- close to WTC site, couple blocks from subway system. The only thing our family did not like was no pool. We were here end of July into August when it was almost 100 degrees and our three boys would have loved to end the day in a pool.Other than that, would stay here again.	
Oct 5 2006 	grat place to stay	This place is a great place to stay. Close to battery park, statue of liberty and ground zero. The breakfast choice was more than eggs and bacon. they had made to order omletes and pancakes. the staff was friendly and helpful epsecially the housekeeping staff! Would and will stay here again.	
Oct 2 2006	Superb	A really nice modern hotel with excellent staff and plenty to do! We had a room on the 12th floor with a wondeful view of the hudson and the new jersey sky line, we also could see the statue of liberty from our window. The suite was wonderful with a comfie bed, large TV, tea and coffe facilities and seating area is nice. The hotel serves a great breakfast with a wonderful selection of foods such as bacon sausage, pastries, cereals, fruit, juice, tea and coffee's and an egg counter. The back of the hotel boast an 11 sreen cinema that serves the best nachos and cheese that i have ever had! Location is great with easy access to the subway to get to various manhattan locations also at the back of the hotel accross the street you will find ground zero. There are plenty of shops and restraunt especially accross the road in the world financial centre where you will find chinese - sushi ect ect. Great hotel and i would definatley stay here should i return to NYC	
Sep 26 2006 	I thought it was GREAT!	I stayed here in November 2005 for 4 nights.The hotel overall was fantastic and the location was good too.It is just around the corner from ground zero &amp; centry21 and a small walk to the subway. If you like shopping you have to go to centry21, it is amazing for designer clothes at really good prices.Our room was very large with a massive bed and separate lounge, it was exceptionally clean and had a great view.The communal areas and gym were just as good too.The breakfast was amazing with a huge choice, it filled me up for the day and I didn't need to eat again till dinner!The staff were friendly and very helpful with advising us on trips, restaurants and any other enquiries.On their advise we went on a helicopter ride and I can say that it was one of the most amazing things I have ever done and a great opportunity for some fantastic pictures. One piece of advise, there is a shop in the lobby of the hotel that was a lot cheaper for drinks and snacks than the mini bar. For people who are concerned security was fantastic with the doorman and a good police presence. I would recommend this hotel to families or business people alike. It really was very good.	
Sep 19 2006 	Great free breakfast	My two children, ages 15 and 12, and my sister, age 25, stayed here for three nights in late August 2006. Room was very clean and spacious for New York City. I loved the separate room for the beds,it made is very convenient for one of us to go to sleep while the others watched TV in the sitting area. However, there was only 1 remote for the 2 TVs. The view was beautiful, but will not be for long. There is major construction in the front of the hotel, which faces the Hudson river, and there's construction behind the hotel. A condo building is going up in front of the hotel and will completely block the view. A bit noisy on the week days because of the construction. Free breakfast buffet was definitely worth it. Lots of choices, including omelets, pancakes, bacon,sausage, fruit, donuts,etc.Too many choices to mention. Also, free evening manager's reception was nice. Free cocktails (including mixed drinks) for two hours with some snacks available. Downtown location was quiet at night, compared with busy Times Square area. Nearest subway station to uptown (or outer boroughs) was 5-6 blocks away. It's a $10 cab ride from Penn Station. Only two blocks from Ground Zero site. Easy to walk to South Street Seaport (and TKTS booth there) and Battery Park for ferry to Liberty Island and Ellis Island. Price flucuates greatly according to season, we paid $269 per night,(which isn't bad for a suite in NYC, and included a cooked -to-order breakfast)but it goes up significantly in the fall and Christmas season. The breakfast is definitely a money-saver, you can even take food up to your room for snacking on later. Attached to the Hotel in the back is a movie theater, Applebee's (which is open late) and a deli and Mexican restaurant. Very convenient. Maps and tourist info available at the front desk. TIP: Go to the TKTS booth at the South St. Seaport and not the Times Sqaure location; the line is shorter and you can get tickets for the next day's matinee. We got tix for a show for half-price and it was for front row!	
Sep 16 2006 	It just gets better!!	This was our second stay in Embassy Suites, and was even better than before.There is now complimentary internet access and printing in the lobby.Staff are very friendly and helpful, when I booked a car (through the concierge) for the trip to JFK airport, I was promised an SUV as there were four passengers, and many cases. The car arrived early, and turned out to be a gleaming stretch limo!The harbour view room was very well presented, and the view very good indeed. However, when the building between the hotel and waterfront is complete, the view may well change. The soft drinks vending machines are surprisingly good value: $1.50 for chilled 20oz drinks. As a guide, JFK outlets charge almost double that. I tis a credit to the hotel that they do not seek to fleece their guests..Mini bar prices were reasonable too: $4.50 for a beer.The (inclusive) breakfast was first class in terms of quality and variety, as was the nightly manager's reception. Despite the hotel being heavily booked for September 11) staff remained very willing to help with any request, and checking in and out were very efficient.This was a most enjoyable stay, and we were particularly pleased that the usual Manhattan high prices statyed outside! We will definitely be back.	
Sep 5 2006	Great Experience!!	My husband and I have stayed at numerous hotels over the years and we both agreed that this hotel stay was one of the best experiences we've ever had! The room was large, especially clean, and had a great view. We did pay a little bit more to have a harbor view, but it was definitely worth it! Both the manager's reception and breakfast were also very good. Customer service was exceptional - everyone was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Overall, a wonderful stay - a hotel that I will definitely recommend and stay at again in the future.	
Aug 31 2006 	Breakfast just more than rolls and juice	This hotel is in the financial district, so it is away from the excitement of Times Square. The subway is about two blocks away and we had no prblem getting to Times Square, however getting back to the hotel was frustrating because the subway switches tracks and there was construction so you had to go to a different subway so I would suggest taking a taxi back to the hotel if you're going to be out late. The rooms were what I expected except we asked and was told there was a refrigerator in the room which wasn't true, there was a minibar and we had to ask for a mini fridge which was complimentary, but check your bill because we got a bill for using the minibar but noone ever touched it. The rooms were a decent size, clean and the hotel staff were very, very helpful with giving directions, suggestions and were were able to buy subway passes and tour passes right from the concierge. We were in walking distance to the Statue of Liberty Ferry and Ground Zero. The breakfast is not your ordinary roll and juice breakfast like we expected. It was excellent with made to order omlettes, any kind of eggs from boiled to scrambled, hashbrowns, oatmeal, bacon, sausage etc, etc, etc. The managers reception in the evening was equally nice. There is free internet access and the bellmen are very helpful. When we needed a taxi back to the airport we were given the choice of a metered ride in a taxi or a flat rate of 60.00 for a SUV ride to the airport. IWe wanted to take the supershuttle which is 17.00 a person, however there was a miscommunication so make sure you double check the time and reserve it 24 hours in advance.	
Aug 22 2006	WOW! What an excellent hotel!	Embassy Suites in general have enormous rooms and excellent breakfast buffets. This was no excpetion. Huge rooms with a living room, empty fridge!!! My husband and I stayed here and absolutely fell in love. It has a great view of the water. The hotel is brand new and beautifully done. It's across the street from Ground Zero (kinda eerie at night). My favorite was the managers special--free drinks and muchines-- which was perfect after a day of shopping. It's only a few blocks walk to the nearest subway station. These may have changed since they were repairing some closer due to 9/11. I love the area. It's in lower manhattan - don't know the exact title. However, we were able to walk the path along the water which is very relaxing all the way to the Statue of Liberty area. It was also really safe too. I think the area is called Battery Park. We are definately staying here again. The only downer is that there are so many kids and groups but this is with any Embassy Suites. Some evenings it got a bit loud from everyone running up and down the halls.	
Aug 17 2006 	Good Stay At Embassy Suites	Just returned from 7 nights with my wife and three kids (16, 13, 7). $349 on Friday and Saturday and $289 on other other nights having booked two months ago. The hotel is situated on the Hudson near Ground Zero. Location is quiet, but, perfect. Ours was a two room suite, two normal sized double beds and one pullout setee bed in the longe area. It was on the 10th Floor overlooking the back street - American Express building and World Trade Center. This was quiet at night and no problem for us. The airconditioning was very good and adjustable. The bathroom and shower were also very good and towels changed, if desired, every day. The suite was very comfortable and we had no problems with noise. Warn kids about the mini-bar!The complimentary breakfast is excellent, especially with kids, and gives the day a good start. While we were down by 07:30 most days, there were no real problems with queues. On Saturday and Sunday there was some queuing at the counter serving omelettes and pan cakes. Breakfast consisted of cereals, coffee, teas, fruit drinks, different breads and bagels, fruit (melons, grapes, a[ples, bananas, oranges, Canadian bacon, sausages, hash browns, fried eggs, omelettes, pancakes, doughbuts, Danish pastries, muffins - in fact ,everything you could want!There are four screens with free internet access (+ USB ports and printing) in Reception. We had no time to use the 11 screen cinema and were never back in time for the manager's complimentary drinks reception at 17:30.Getting to the hotel from JFK:-We followed the directions to the SkyTrain in Arrivals and travelled to Howard Beach Station (note: you pay at Howard Beach station). Then we took the A Train to Chamber Street Subway station. You can buy a cheaper return SkyTrain+subway ticket from Howard Beach to Chamber Street Subway Station. At ChamberStreet we took the Vesy Street exit, emerging at the site of Ground Zero. The hotel is then a short two blocks walk. Note: returning to JFK, we accessed Chamber Street Subway via Church Street to take the A Train back to Howard Beach.For travelling to Manhattan:-Go to Church Street (two blocks away) for the nearest entrance to Chamber Street Subway (routes 1,2,3) for the West Side. We used City Hall/Brooklyn Bridge Subway (routes 4,5,6) for the East Side, three blocks away and easily walkable. Note: we also puchased weekly subway Metro Cards ($24 each) which proved very economical and saved a lot of time. The Subway was safe for us, even late at night, though we are used to travelling in cities.Family dining:-One block away behind the World Trade Center is PJ Rourkes where you can eat and drink overlooking the water with a view of the Statue of Liberty until the wee small hours. There is also a Pick-A- Bagel and a Mexican restaurant in the same block as the hotel. We took the very pleasant walk along the shoreline from the Hotel to Clinton Fort at Battery City Park (15minutes walk) and took the ferry trip to Liberty and Ellis island. We found the Heartland Brewery, beside the Empire State, at 350 Fifth Avenue at 34th Street , very good. The beer was also the best I found in Manhattan! We also had great pizzas at Lombardis in Little Italy (Subway 6 stop at Spring Street ) at 32 Spring St, between Mott and Mulberry Streets. For a real NYC experience, Katz's Delicatessan at 205 East Houston Street (corner of Ludlow Street) on the Lower East Side is a must-do for (used in the film Harry Met Sally... for that famous scene). The Metropolitan Art Museum also has an award winning restaurant in the basement and is also great for lunch.Shopping near the hotel:Century 21 is within 5 minutes walking diustance at the side of Ground Zero. J&amp; R is ten minutes walk away at Park Row, (across from City Hall Park and Ground Zero), where we found prices for iPOD's and digital cameras very competitive.Overall, this hotel is as good as the other reviewers say. It is very family friendly. The location is very good - you cannot be near everything in New York! The staff were very friendly and helpful. The concierge (Stan) was great with with directions and advice. Will we use Embassy Suites again? Yes, without hesitation. We are already planning our next trip!	
Aug 13 2006	Satisfied Customer	Stayed in same room same time last year. Thoroughly satisfied with hotel and location. 5 minute walk to subway with express trains to Times Square etc only 10 minutes away. V comfortable beds and V quiet - choose harbour view rooms. Great breakfast etc. Hotel V clean and safe. Internet access issue now resolved - lightening fast. Only niggle was room safe not working and all safety deposit boxes all taken but manager obliged and looked after our valuables. Thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 7 2006 	Been here many times	I am in New York about 6 times a year - more in the future when my daughter starts school there this month. I have stayed in many hotels, but for business or proximity to Brooklyn, I stay at the Embassy Suites. Very large rooms, nice view (until the construction across the street begins to block it), use of the athletic facilities, all contribute to making it a great stay. Tip - If you plan to go out in the evening, I would recommend arranging for a car service or negotiating with one in the front of the building. Taxis can occasionally be plentiful, but I have been there in the evening with a severe taxi drought and if you negotiate with the car services in front, you can frequently get a rate similar to a taxi and don't have to wait in the taxi line.	
Aug 6 2006 	check your bill!	overall - this hotel was exactly what we were looking for. Great location , spacious rooms and really great breakfasts (although if you dont get there early, as previous reviews have poined out, it can be rather chaotic!) however, we were surprised at check out to discover that we had been charged $165 for for valet parking even though we did not have a car!!! Assuming that a simple mistake had been made we pointed this out to the member of staff who clearly didnt believe us and said that we 'must have had guests staying with us who had a car!!. althuough eventually the bill was amended, it left a slight bitter taste and a marr on an otherwise pleasurable stay.	
Aug 5 2006 	A nice surprise away from Midtown	I visit NYC at least once a year and have never &quot;taken the plunge&quot; to stay in lower-priced Lower Manhattan. I always assumed it would be too inconvenient to Midtown attractions and, especially, theatre. Not the case. Other than the fact that we sweltered in 110 degree heat on the subway platform, we found transportation to Times Sq and theatres was an easy journey every time. Also, found it a lot less stressful to buy theatre tickets at TKTS booth at South Street Seaport rather than negotiating the mile-long line at the Times Sq location (temporarily relocated to the Marriott Marquis, by the way)I do not understand all the reviewer complaints about distance of this hotel from the subway. It's, at most, 3 blocks!! Altho, it may seem like it to new visitors to NYC, subway stops are NOT located on every corner in the city! It took us 10 min. max to get to and from the subway each trip. Didn't bother us at all (3 guys in their 50s and 60s). Given the outside air temps, it was a nice relief to get inside the hotel where the AC was pumping away VERY efficiently (in the lobby as well as our room).Enjoyed discovering Lower Manhattan. There is a LOT to do there in addition to the well-known jumping off spot for the Statue of Liberty. Battery Park City, surrounding the hotel, is a beautiful new residential area with a fabulous landscaped park all along the Hudson. Battery Park is an easy walk from the hotel. The Skyscraper Museum and the Museum of Jewish History are located along the way. The free Staten Island Ferry is a 20 minute walk, or 5 minute cab ride from the hotel.....as is South Street Seaport. Little Italy, Chinatown and the Eastside Tenement Museum are all 3 subway stops away. And, of course, the WTC site is practically across the street from the hotel, although one wonders how much of a plus that will be once full-blown construction of the new Freedom Tower gets underway right outside.Negatives: rooms are rather small by Embassy Suites standards. We asked for an upgraded room after our first night proved to be pretty cramped for 3 adults. Were given a Hudson River view room, but it was no larger. Lack of a refrigerator was an inconvenience.The complimentary breakfast in the lobby was a logistics nightmare. We tackled it only twice in our 6-day stay, because we never could figure out what &quot;early&quot; meant, i.e. the hotel's suggested time to avoid crowds. It was ALWAYS crowded and is set up very awkwardly for crowd control. We got much better food and service at the bagel shop that is located outside on the SE corner of the building. Also, there is a GREAT patisserie right next to Starbucks in the shopping mall across the street in the World Financial Center. Bottom line: will I return? I think so, given the outrageous rates being charged by Midtown hotels. We couldn't find anything under $500 this time of year (mid-July) in that area, and certainly appreciated the suite arrangement we had with 3 adults. $319 for a hotel room isn't cheap, but given the market and the caliber of accommodations, it was a great value.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great place to stay!	I would highly recommend this hotel!I stayed for 2 nights last week with my children ages 8 &amp; 11. This was our second time staying here and we were not disappointed! The park right across the street is wonderful if traveling with kids. Room was spacious -for NYC standards and the breakfast was crowded, but nice! Location is THE BEST for families and tourists. Close to Statue of Liberty, Chinatown, Little Italy, WTC site- and only a short cab ride to Midtown.The bell staff at the front were very helpful. Only negative would be the $55 overnite valet fee ( I did try to find parking on the street- no way!) and lack of refrigerator in the room. There is a well stocked overpriced mini bar though!	
Aug 2 2006 	INTERNATIONAL FLAVOR @ EMBASSY SUITES	I stayed @ the Embassy Suites NYC from July 27th-31st 2006,and was pleased with the service beginning @ the front desk. I arrived a couple of hours early and was immediately admitted to my room. The room was spacious,clean and perfectly as described by the comments and photos on the ES website. The room which I reserved had the view of the Hudson River from the 15th floor. The bedroom was spacious for two and the sofa bed provided more than enough space for two youth. The made to order breakfast,which is included in the stay was more than muffins and juice(these items were also available on the bar), the omlets, pancakes, and other items were of excellent quality.Refrain from using or better yet lock the wet bar in your room. I had the benefit of a previous review regarding the hotel's wet bar system, which monitors all movement in the fridge for the removal of drinks and snacks,which will be charged to your room even if you don't consume the items. FYII would suggest that you take advantage of the front desk services for info. regarding local sites and directions. We saw STOMP off broadway on Friday night and had dinner @ Tribica Grill after returning from the musical. Try to experience the Tribica Grill for dinner after 9:30pm. We were immediately taken to our table in a very romantic restaurant for an exceptional meal.Spend some time walking from the hotel onto battery park...you will enjoy the sounds and sights.Our plans will be to return to the Embassy Suites-NYC next year simply because this property offered &quot;a quality stay with a personal touch&quot;. The atmosphere had an international flair as several different languages were spoken. Further, the freedom of seeing families vacationing together made the environment almost disney world friendly. I want to say thanks to all the staff and our new friends for making this visit wonderful.	
Jul 31 2006	Great Hotel	Choosing this hotel was easy - I've always liked the Embassy suites brand, the location was perfect, and there were many great reviews on Tripadvisor[--]. As compared to other Manhattan hotels, this room was a steal at $230/night in July. We got a high floor with a view over the Hudson River. The Bell staff and the Concierge were very helpful with their respective duties - it was apparent that customer service was their first concern, and that getting a tip was their second concern. The room was new and clean - I think this hotel is only about 5-10 years old, and was thoroughly renovated/cleaned after the World Trade Center disaster of 9/11 (the hotel is only 1 block from the WTC site). Although spacious compared to other Manhattan hotels in general, the room was a bit small compared to other Embassy Suites hotels. As one other reviewer mentioned, it was a bit odd that the door between the main bedroom and the rest of the room didn't lock.The hotel is an easy walk to the nearest subway station and therefore the rest of NYC. There are also numerous restaurants within easy walking distance for most people from the hotel. This hotel is a great deal in an even greater city!	
Jul 21 2006 	Excellent Hotel + Great Price	The hotel was GREAT - of course, I have never had a bad experience with Embassy Suites. The hotel is a short walk from a subway stop which makes it accessible to the whole city but at a much better price. Full breakfast included; however, the line is LONG - get there early! Overall, great experience. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 20 2006 	Amazing discovery!	I needed to get a hotel at the last minute for my birthday weekend in NYC and didn't want to spend the usual $300+ dollars for a decent room. I went to Hotwire.com and it listed a 3 star hotel for $128/night which is a good deal so I took it. Afterwards they tell you the name of the hotel, and I was quite pleased to see that it was Embassy Suites.The room was large enough, had a tv in the bedroom and the livingroom, and the bathroom was spacious. As a guest, you have access to the NYSC gym next door. You also get a complimentary continental breakfast which also includes made-to-order meals, fruits, other hot foods...whatever you like, pretty much! There are free drinks and salsa with chips each evening for a few ours as part of your stay. Around the corner is a theater with plenty of movies and an indoor mall type area with great restaurants. Try the Mandarin restaurant, it's fantastic! An Eckerd's drugstore is in there as well for any last minute things you may need.The service was prompt and courteous as well as friendly. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel and stay there again.	
Jul 17 2006	Suite Interior Door not sweet	As with all Embassy Suites all the usual features you expect are there; attentive staff, nice rooms &amp; a free breakfast. This one had some differences.1. Location. Positive - The view was excellent, west facing, so cool in the morning and excellent at night overloong the river and a nice part of New Jersey (!). Negative - not convienent to the subway, we had to trek quite a ways to catch the subway every morning and the walk back in the evening was even worse!2. The staff was both very helpful and puzzling at the same time. We had lots of hair conditioner, but not enough towels! I had to ask for additional toilet paper. The laundry facilities were on the blink and the assistant manager arranged for ours to get done at no charge! It would've cost us about $5 to do it ourselves, but according to the laundry forms it was $100 for them to do it!3. The breakfast line was very long, it was not set up very efficiently for a hotel of this size, although the quality of the food I ate was excellent. Tip the omelette dude, he'll remember and the next day you'll get taken care of!4. The door and sidelight dividing the living area (AKA kids' bedroom) from the bedroom is frosted glass, that even though is opaque, allows light and sillhouettes. The door does not have a lock. If parental privacy is an issue, this really puts a damper on your vacation ardor. I'd never seen these glass doors before and it was not a pleasent surprise.5. If you expect an in-room refrigerator you get an in-room vending machine. You can ask for a refrigerator and they'll deliver one to you, I don't know if there is a charge.	
Jul 13 2006 	Good choice if the location works for you	I have tended to find the Embassy Suite chain to be more reliable than other members of the Hilton &quot;family&quot;, and I'd certainly recommend this over (say) the Midtown Hilton.The main virtues of the Embassy Suite chain are fairly evident from the name, in that you get a Suite for not much more than a hotel room price.The downside with this location is it can be awkward to get to Midtown, and at weekends the Lower Manhattan area can be a little &quot;dead&quot;.	
Jul 13 2006	Nice stay overall but choose carefully....	We (3 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Embassy Suites in late June 2006 for a couple nights. We had a good time, and I'm in general agreement with most of the other positive reviews here. Here are some additional considerations that may be helpful in planning your stay:Number in party: For hailing a taxi, 4 people is the maximum number that a taxi can legally take. After that, you're in limo-land at higher prices. We didn't know this - we figured we'd be able to take one of the van taxis, since they appeared to have room; but they are also limited to 4 passengers. We DID get one taxi driver to take our party of 5 back to the hotel from Times Square at the end of one very hot and exhausting day. He got a large tip. For the hotel, our party of 5 had no surcharges because we had 3 adults and 2 kids (kids= 18 years and below). However, I was told by the reservations office that any other configuration of 5 people would have resulted in an extra-bed surcharge. I never confirmed this, however.Location of room: The hotel rooms are only on 2 adjacent sides - one side facing the water to the west, and the other facing the World Financial Center to the south (with a view of the WTC site from a few rooms). We asked at check-in for a water view room, but were told that we could not be accommodated because we needed 2 beds in the bedroom -- only king bed suites face the water.Room size: Compared to other hotels in New York, the suite might be considered roomy -- but we felt that the suite wasn't exactly staggeringly spacious. Once the couch is unfolded into a bed, passage through the living room is impossible without moving furniture against the walls. The &quot;fridge&quot; is for mini-bar stuff only; bring a cooler for your own food.Room rate: I originally inquired in March about room rates, and was quoted $279/night as the best rate for the june stay. I should have reserved then (I could have cancelled it without penalty). One month later, the lowest public rate was $359. After much discussion with a helpful reservations clerk, I was finally able to get my company's negotiated rate at $315. Parking: If you drive in, parking is pretty outrageous anywhere you go (Also, the garage parking rate signs are intentionally confusing to read while cruising past, like &quot;$19.32 for the first 4 hours!&quot;. In addition, SUVs and sometimes minivans are surcharged $8-16 per day). The hotel charges $50/day for parking in their garage, and it's valet only. Since I didn't want to drive into the city in heavy traffic, we arrived on a Sunday. It turns out that this was a good day to also find parking, because I found free on-street parking in the East Village; in Greenwich Village; and on North End St (the street the hotel is on). You have to be willing to wait for a spot, and read the parking signs carefully - they absolutely ticket violators.Subway location: The closest subway stop (Chambers St) was 3 blocks away at a diagonal from the hotel. In the 95 degree heat, and with my 80 year old mother, walking this became a challenge a couple of times. One subtlety to subway passes: you can buy a FunPass ($7/day, unlimited rides); a single-ride pass ($2.50); or a discount pass (5 rides for price of 4 - $10). But the discount pass can only be used for 4 people going through a turnstile at the same time; the 5th person will need to purchase another pass.Ground Zero: St Paul's memorial was a moving experience. Most of the Ground Zero site is difficult to view; there are fences all around, and there is a lot of construction activity. One of the better viewing areas is from the arcade in the World Financial Center.Interesting stuff to do: In addition to the other activities people have discussed, we had a good time strolling the walking/biking path next to the water. It goes for miles in either direction. Also, South Street Seaport had a cadaver exhibit that was interesting - not for the squeamish. Our favorite typical tourist things were the Top of the Rock (said to be much better and much less waiting than the Empire State Building), NBC Studios, and a 45-min water taxi ride.Eating and drinking: We ate at a variety of places, and, surprisingly, didn't find the food to be that expensive. On the first day, we ate Sunday brunch at the Life Cafe in the East Village (near Tompkins Park) - highly recommended. (Portions of the movie Rent were filmed here, btw). The hotel complex includes an Applebees, a Chevy's (fairly good Mexican food chain), and a noodle shop. There is a small 24-hr grocery within walking distance of the hotel (turn right out the door, go north 3 blocks). The hotel breakfast is fine; we went early when it wasn't crowded. The afternoon manager's reception drinks were so-so, about what you'd expect for &quot;complimentary&quot;. Good time to unwind, tho.	
Jul 12 2006	A view of the Statue of Liberty from the room	I really like this hotel. It is not in the heart of mid town, but only a block from the subway if you want to get there. We were there with our 3 year old and it was great. Buffet breakfast, lots of space, and it did not break our budget. It is also just a block from Battery Park with an amazing kids playground. Across the street is an office building with a small mall with Starbucks a drugstore and PJ Clarkes restaurant. We had a great visit.	
Jul 10 2006	Excellent As Usual	This is my third time staying at this hotel. I like it so much, I would not stay anywhere else. The ES is very modern, in a great neighborhood, and overlooking the Hudson River. Battery Park is next to the hotel and is a pleasant walk with very nice surroundings. The path of Battery park will take you to the Circle Line boat (10.00 per person) to the Statute of Liberty and Ellis Island. I stayed on the 8th floor which gave me a great view of the Hudson River. Nice to wake up and see a nice picturesque sight. The breakfast is really good, with made to order foods, but very busy. The earlier you go and eat the better the crowd is.I did not eat dinner at the restaurant, but ate at several restaurants on in the area. Use the concierge, they are a wealth of information for restaurants, and the local sights. They will call in a reservation at the restaurant of your choice. There is not doubt, I will stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 9 2006	great for groups	The suites were good sized and clean. I loved the breakfast buffet. They have other places to eat all around such as Applebees, Chevy's. I enjoyed the free internet in the lobby. The staff were attentive. They have a DSW store inside. It was a short walk to the PATH trains and the Subway. Century 21 shopping close by. NIce riverwalk. Taxi's outside. They have a happy hour everyday. I guess the only downside is if you don't like to have lots of kids around. It caters well for families.	
Jul 7 2006	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Rooms!	If you don't want to be in the hustle and bustle of Greenwich Village, Hells Kitchen, UWS, etc then this is the hotel for you. Located near to Battery Park and across the road from Ground Zero, the Embassy Suites offers a peaceful haven from the busyiness of Manhattan. Its three blocks away from the nearest Subway (Chambers Street) but the walk is good and you can get to the subway station via various routes.Situated in a very modern building the ES New York opened in 2000 and is the flagship hotel of the ES chain. All rooms are bright and modern, with all the usual mod cons that ES offers, except you have a various choice of rooms ranging from standard, river view (for how much longer im not sure as construction is taking place), executive and creativity rooms. Rooms are on 14 floors, and most overlook the atrium which can get noisy during breakfast and free cocktail hours. However, be warned, some rooms do give a partial view of the ground zero site, so if you will be offended by that, make sure you request a room away from that side of the building. All the staff were in my opinion courteous, helpful and friendly - the chambermaids even asked you when you would like your rooms cleaned! Front desk staff were quick to get you checked in and offered any help from tourist information to restaurant bookings without having to ask.The hotel has a number of eateries (not linked) on the ground floor ranging from inexpensive to expensive - mexican to japanese, chain restaurants to bagels. There is also a 10 screen cinema and you have access to the New York Sports Club Gym free of charge (very good).Ok so for some it maybe a little far down Manhattan Island, but if you want to visit Wall Street, Ground Zero, Statue of Liberty, Staten Island, Battery Park - its a great location and is easily accessible to the rest of New York.	
Jun 30 2006	Love the hotel...Watch out forValet Parking!	We recently went to NYC as part of our son's &quot;Senior trip&quot;. The hotel was great, much nicer than the hotel we stayed at the previous year (Grand HYatt). The rooms were large with great amenities and the staff was very courteous. The breakfast buffet was an added bonus as the food was good and hot and they had great coffee. What made the stay a bit of a disappointment was we had to pay $55 a day for parking, the only parking available at the hotel is Valet Parking. I am not upset about the $55 a day parking, I expected it in NYC. What I am upset about is that we had a radar detector stolen out of our car. It was hidden in the glove compartment and the only people who had contact with our car while we were in NYC was the Valet parking staff. I do feel that for the cost of the parking, we should not have to worry about stuff being stolen out of our car.	
Jun 21 2006	Great Value in the Big Apple	We just returned from 2 nights at the Embassy Suites, New York City. The spacious rooms and bright, airy public spaces in the hotel were definite pluses for us in comparison to other places we have stayed in NY that had claustrophobic corridors and views of brick walls. Service at Embassy Suites was friendly and quick, breakfast was free (and included made-to-order omelets and pancakes!), and the river views and waterfront parks were spectacular. The only downside for us was the distance from midtown attractions and museums, such as the Empire State building and the Metropolitan museum. We took the subway as often as we could to cut down on cab fares to/from midtown. Another potential hassle are the crowds at breakfast on weekends after 8:30; in fairness to hotel management, however, we were notified in advance about the potential waiting/lines. Also, don't let your kids play with the minibar -- it charges your bill automatically if an item is removed! Overall, Embassy Suites was a great value for the price. We would stay there again if we return to NYC.	
Jun 21 2006	Good for families not so good for sleep.	Just got back from a long weekend in NYC. The Embassy Suites has many nice amenities including large suites, a variety of on-site restaurants, complimentary breakfast, and cocktail reception. The downside is that there were lot of children running down the halls and yelling at all hours. Also, there is a huge construction project going on next door with lots of construction noise...starting before 7AM even on Saturday. Overall the hotel was good and we enjoyed the location (Century 21 Department Store and E subway line 1 block away).	
Jun 21 2006	Great hotel with excellent views	My husband and I stayed here for five days from Memorial Day and found it to be a great hotel. I am very picky about choosing hotels and this was the first time I used Tripadviser as a guide - I was pleased with the result. The hotel is slightly out of the way of the main sights of Manhattan as its near the southern tip but we did not find that to be a problem. The subway is easy to use and the nearest stops were about 5 - 7 mins walk away (past Ground Zero). We paid a little extra (about £30 a night) to have a room with a harbour view - which was worth it as the view was lovely (we could just about see the Statue of Liberty from our room). What is great about the hotel is that all rooms are suites. So instead of one room, we had a lounge area with sofa, chair, TV and table and a small sink, a bathroom and then our bedroom (which was on the small side but did have a very comfortable king size bed in it and another TV!). Everything was very clean and tidy and very modern. We did think it was quite pricey (around £1000 for five nights) but realised that as this was New York - you seem to have to pay over the odds for everying. It was an added bonus that breakfast was included (although it did get very busy). The free evening drinks were also a nice touch.Another bonus was free internet connection in the reception area. There were 6 computers that could be used by any guests at any time to access the internet. The concierge was also very helpful when it came to booking trips/restaurants etc.Our only complaint was the fact that both in front of the hotel and at the back were large construction sites. Not a lot seemed to be happening at the one out in front (looking out over the river) and hopefully there isn't going to be another high rise built there as the hotel will have no river view otherwise. However, the one out the back was a hive of activity from around 6.30am every morning. We were therefore woken early every day with the noise of the construction works. As it turned out - most days we wanted to be up early anyway but it was an annoyance.Otherwise - great hotel, very spacious, very clean and welcoming and the free breakfast is a great added bonus,	
Jun 20 2006	Excellent Excellent Excellent!	This hotel has it all for a great price. The rooms are big, comfortable and contemporary. They throw in a happy hour (actually 2 hours) every night AND a huge free breakfast buffet and cook to order eggs/waffles. If you like to work out, they give you access to the NY Raquet Ball Club. This gym is enormous I mean HUGE!! You are right on the hudson/battery park/statue of liberty. Great for walking in the morning or after dinnrer. Ok, you are not in the heart of Times Square, but who cares. You are a cab ride or subway ride away from all the congestion and noise. Do yourself a favor, stay here. It's got it all, including wonderful service! Enjoy!	
Jun 1 2006	Excellent and at a great price!	We stayed here last August and have to say we would definately go back.It was lovely weather and the location is excellent for a walk down the hudson and round to the statue of liberty park.Service was efficient &amp; friendly, suites great and clean.The only moan was tha 'captains welcome drink' was a disaster as you could'nt even get to the bar for a free drink as there was a huge que and that didnt lead itself to us feeling relaxed and welcome.Other than that breakky was fantastic and our view of ground zero from our hotel window made us think about the tradegdy that had occured in this great city and all the poor soles it had lost.Hope that helps.John &amp; Rachel from Manchester England	
May 24 2006	Very nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. The hotel itself and our room were both beautiful and the service was great. Check in was quick and we had no problems with having the hotel park our car. The only problem we had on our trip was getting a cab. Not as easy as they make it look in the movies! The subway, on the other hand, is very easy and cheaper than cabs. The concierge was very helpful with this. He told us where the nearest station was and exactly which train to take and we had no anxiety from that point on. Great breakfast buffet but it was very crowded on Saturday. Having a suite was nice because I tend to wake up earlier than my husband and I could get up and read or watch tv and not disturb him. Good bathroom -- large vanity with plenty of room for all of your bottles and toothpaste, and great water pressure in the shower. This was a great hotel. Like I said, our only problem was transportation on that first day, but once we discovered the ease of the subway we were fine. I would stay there again.	
May 23 2006	Gem on the Hudson	After reading such positive reviews on this website, I booked a 5-night stay at this hotel to serve as my home for my NYC explorations. I am glad to confirm that this Embassy Suites is excellent.We arrived a little before the designated check-in time but found no troubles getting a room promptly. The bellhops were courteous and helpful as our luggages were immediately stowed on a trolley and transported to our room. Shortly after settled into our room, the front-desk attendant called up and asked if the room was suitable...great personal touch! Of course, we were pleased with our spacious, clean, and comfortable room. (Note: I was informed that only single-bed rooms face the river; our double-bed room provided views of the adjacent street and buildings with a glimpse of the river).The beds were very comfortable, lined with overflowing pillows and fitted with crispy white linens. There is plenty of storage space, including enough hangers. The bathroom was clean and outfitted with Bath &amp; Body Works tolietries - the tub is shallow, however, for those who like to bathe. There's also plenty of counter space in the bathroom. With the living/dining room, the furnishings didn't show much wear-n-tear and since my dad fell asleep on the sofa watching tv on several nights, it must be fairly comfortable. As mentioned in prior posts, beware of the refrigerator - it is electronically monitored so do not move anything if you do not want to be charged for it. My dad wanted to place his own can of pop in the fridge and thought it would be okay to take one of theirs out (and then replace theirs after his chills)...we were charged for their can even though he had no intentions of drinking it.The breakfast buffet started our day with a heartymorning meal each day. Cook-to-order omlettes were great. Also, pancakes, hash browns, bacon, sausage, yogurt, fruits, pastries, coffee/tea/juices, and of course cereal. I was there during the Tribeca Film fest and since the hotel was affiliated with the festival (movie theater within same bldg complex), there were many film people sharing the same dining area each morning but it never seemed overcrowded. Plenty of hotel staff to clear and clean tables. Never did any of the food items run out, either.I'm a runner and since the hotel sits along the river, the river-front path served as a convenient (and scenic!) passage each morning to some great exercise. Going in either direction will bring much scenic treats - I brought my camera on 2 of the mornings to capture some spectacular images. There's plenty of other morning exercise-goers, so no worries about being alone.The nearest metro stop is about a 10-15 minute walk away (Chambers St. stop since the WTC stop was closed b/c the area is under construction at the time). It's a safe walk and well lit at night. The latest we returned home taking the metro was around 10-11pm and there were still plenty of other people walking the pathway from the metro to the hotel. Of course, cabs are an option and I did see plenty of them around but we never took one.Overall, would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends and family. A great value in NYC.	
May 16 2006	Don't leave your bags with the Bell Boys	Although I can't fault the actual accomodation within the hotel (great rooms, helpful front desk staff), I would not leave my suitcases with the bell boys. We stayed at this hotel at the end of a 3 week holiday in the USA for 2 nights on the 7th &amp; 8th April, 2006. We arrived on Friday afternooon with just clothes for the weekend because my sister was meeting us the next day in the city with the rest of our bags. In total we had 6 suitcases, and 5 carry-ons. She left them with the bell boys on Saturday afternoon having been given claim checks ( with much insistence, as they weren't going to give them to her at first!) reluctantly by the bell boys. We returned to our hotel that evening and gave the claim checks to the bell boys to retrieve our bags. When they were brought to our room, one bag was missing. I informed the attendant, and he hadn't noticed because he hadn't actually checked the bags against the claim checks. The bag that was lost had all of our travel clothes (we returning to Australia the next day business class) plus our toiletry bags, my handbag and many momentos from our holiday. I was assured by the manager on duty that the bag had probably just been delivered to the incorrect room and that we would get it back in the morning.Now, 6 weeks after our holiday, I still haven't gotten my belongings back and have had many email conversations with the hotel trying to sort out an insurance claim. The manager has been very helpful and understanding, but I feel that the whole process has let me down. It was a very dissappointing way to end our holiday, the last place I ever thought I would have a bag stolen from is our hotel, by the hotel staff!!	
May 14 2006	Good but location might be an issue	The inclusion of suites were the main reason for booking this Hotel due to our party size and keeping the costs down. I was not disappointed, the standard suites were generous in size, comfortable, plenty of seating and one of the room provisions was certainly of use - namely the umbrella! Beware the Mini-Bar though, remove something and your billed for it - even if you put it back full - a first for me. A small problem with Hotel noise was experienced by room-mates sleeping on the sofa-bed which is nearest to the door, mainly due to the atrium extending the entire height of the Hotel.The inclusive breakfast was certainly not disappointing, everyday a buffet choice of fresh and hot English/American breakfast, continental pastries, Pancakes, fresh fruit &amp; Cereal. Ample Coffee, tea and Juice. Arrive late and its a bit hectic but plenty of staff to keep on top of the clearing ensured tables were always free. A good mixture of people in the morning, tourists, business, families &amp; couples. Easy going and informal.Staff in general were courteous and helpful. The Concierge was enthusiastic and helpful.Not one to knock a free drink but I think the description 'Managers reception' over glamourises this affair - don't think champagne and hors d'oeuvres but plastic 'glasses' and paper plates with nachos - however a nice touch and welcomed after a long day. Don't put your glad rags on for this.Choice of restaurants in the Hotel was adequate, my suggestion - your on Holiday - do as we did, explore and find one of the plentiful Irish Bars/Restaurants north of Hotel.To get to the main Tourist areas from this Hotel you need to get on the Subway or find yourself a Taxi at night. This will be costly after a week or so.Free internet access in the lobby a bonus. Overall a clean and spacious Hotel with adequate facilites, helpful staff and a great breakfast. Although perhaps a bit far from the action there is plenty to explore around the Hotel and it offers some great views from Battery Park. Beware, some building work directly in front of the Hotel but since no room seemed to face that direction it should not be a problem - call them if your worried.	
May 12 2006 	Great Hotel!!!!	I was a bit concerned upon arriving at the Embassy Suites that I had chosen the wrong location as it seemed so far away from the &quot;action&quot; - however, this didn't really matter as there is plenty of transport nearby. ROOMS WERE HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! Unfortuantely on the first morning we didn't wake up in time for the complimentary breakfast, however there is a great little bagel place (&quot;Bagels to Go&quot; I think) located at the back of the hotel. Breakfast for myself and my husband cost all of $5 or something - great value!!!After a short walk, and a stop to Starbucks, we found the number 1 bus that ran us straight to Times Square, so the location really didn't matter too much. It's great to sit on the bus and take in the sites and to people watch!!! Although, I wasn't a huge fan of the cleanliness of the bus so this was only a once off for me! :)We decided to buy one of those &quot;hop on hop off&quot; bus tickets which was great way to see the city and the downtown loop stopped right near Ground Zero which is only minutes from the hotel - another way to save money and get home with a guided tour included!We managed to get to breakfast the next morning - great selection of bagels, muffins, cereals, fruit, coffee, juices and made to order breakfasts which seemed like a huge hit, especially the choc-chip pancakes (I didn't partake).Check in staff were reasonably friendly and provided us with all the information we required. Free internet in the lobby was a hit as was the free use of the health club on the second floor. This hotel also had laundry facilities which was a god send as we had been travelling for a while! Oh, and manager's drinks each night between 5:30 and 7:30pm was very popular, free drinks and nibbles to get your night started!!!I can highly recommend this hotel!!! We will definately stay there again if we are ever back in NYC :)	
May 7 2006	Great room-lousy atrium	I stayed here for 2 nights in May and was pleased with the room. We'd booked online and paid $420 for the suite. A friend picked the location which turned out to be a hassle as we were visiting friends uptown and constantly taking taxis. The room was certainly spacious and allowed us to sleep in different rooms as we have different sleeping patterns The free breakfast is a huge plus in Manhattan. The main problem was the noise. There was a cinqo de Mayo party in the bar.Our room was on the open atrium side and the noise carried. It was 2 a.m. before it was quiet. I liked the hotel, just not the location or the noise!	
Apr 29 2006 	Great Hotel	Nice hotel located in the financial center near ground zero. A little bit walk to the nearest metro.Large suite, excellent breakfast. Free drinks from 17.30 to 19.30. Will definetely go there again next time in NY	
Apr 26 2006 	A Lovely Hotel To Be Sure	We really enjoyed our stay in this hotel. I requested a room with a river view and it was lovely and romantic. The staff was very pleasant, the breakfast was yummy, the bed was comfortable and the room was very clean. I took the free shuttle down to the Seaport where we hopped on a double-decker tour bus and rode that around town for several hours. It's so interesting to see the architecture of New York without worrying about the traffic or the driving, and the running commentary was amusing. While not a cheap ticket, (I think it cost about $40 for the entire day), these tour buses are just loads of fun. You can get on and off at any stop you like. However, we did have a long wait to re-board the tour bus in the late afternoon at the Chinatown stop. Back to the hotel comments, I would definitely stay here again. The Irish Famine Memorial is lovely and sad and very moving. Travel On!	
Apr 24 2006	This is a great hotel with a great staff...	This hotel is beautifully decorated, light and airy, lots of glass. The staff could not be nicer from the moment we checked in until we checked out; our room was spotless. A call to housekeeping asking for tissues and TP resulted in the items being delivered cheerfully in about 5 minutes. There was a glitch with the parking garage when we were leaving and there were some rude, complaining guests--but we waited quietly and the manager, without our asking, deleted 3 nights parking from our bill. We will return.	
Apr 23 2006	outstanding: strongly recommended	Very pleased with the Embassy Suites, where I stayed with my wife and children (aged 24, 22 and 13). Suite was nicely furnished and very clean. Housekeeping did an excellent job throughout our stay. Staff friendly and helpful. On the last day, they took care of our bage after we checked out and got a cab organised.There are computers for accessing the internet in the lobby, which is handy, but we also got internet access in our room ($9.95 per night).The breakfast was lavish, although we tired of the fry-ups very quickly. There was a huge choice.The free drinks reception is a nice idea, but we only did it once as we were dashing around NY the rest of the time. That's the only real drawback for tourists: the hotel is not centrally located. Mind you, no hotel can be near everything. This is close to the Statue of Liberty Ferry and Century 21. It isn't too far from Chambers St subway, where you can catch the red and blue lines.For eating out, we'd recommend the noodle place on the same block and Bubby's (near Franklin St subway). For things to do, the United Nations tour was fantastic as was baseball at Shea Stadium. The MetroCard unlimited use pass for subway and bus is a great bargain.	
Apr 18 2006	Tips for staying at the Embassy Suites NYC	This hotel is a great bargain for families with kids. I just wanted to add some advice to the other positive reviews. First, the fridge is actually a stocked mini-bar. You won't be able to store anything of your own in it. Second, if you go into the World Financial Center on Vesey (next door to the hotel), you will find many restaurant options. If you continue on through the WFC to South End Ave., you'll find pizza, chinese, and ice cream shops along with a grocery store (Gristede's) and a wine shop.There is a free shuttle bus that runs in a continuous loop from the hotel to Battery Park and on to South St. Seaport!There is a WONDERFUL playground for children in Battery Park in front of the hotel. If you are traveling without children, it is still a nice walk.The walk to the subway can be long, but if you look at a map you can shorten it to about 4 blocks. Sadly, the building being constructed in front of the hotel is likely to remove the lovely river views, but we will still return to this hotel for the polite service and the wonderful breakfast.	
Apr 11 2006	Words Fail Me	What can i say - After reading the reviews prior to arrival i was expecting something special and it didnt disappoint. Everything was wonderful about the place.The 'happy hour' and the 'breakfast' was a truly added bonus and meant we had a wind down time in the bar after a gruelling day seeing the sights without having to open our wallets. The breakfast was a great way to start the day and opening times fitted in with our schedule. All the staff were excellent and found us a beautiful restaurant to eat on New Years Eve just around the corner. (italian) The distance into the 'action' didnt bother us as the tube station was only a 5 - 10 minute walk away and 7 stops away from Times Square which was great. No need for taxis. Even got the tube and train back to JFK airport!!The room was wonderful - vary spacious and comfortable. A must for all New York Visits and booked reasonably proced through Expedia although 10 - 11 months in advance.	
Apr 10 2006	Couldn't be better!	We, stayed for five nights in early April. &quot;We&quot; are Mum, Dad and our two grown up children.The reviews of this hotel are spot-on. Nothing disappointed us about this place. Really nice suites, in good condition with every convenience you could wish for. Staff helpful and polite fron the first day when we were given a quick run-down on our position and what amenities were nearby, to our last day when the doorman arranged our car to the airport 3 hours earlier than originally requested. The breakfasts are great and during the week we had no problem getting served and seated at any time, however Saturday was a different matter (long queues) although we were warned by a letter under our door on Friday evening that this could occur which I thought was a great idea. We think this is a great value hotel - nice place and with a free buffet breakfast and free two-hour drinks session in the evening how can it be beaten in NYC? The location is fine if you don't mind using the subway which is a good walk away although we only found this a problem when we returned (exhausted) at the end of a busy day however, despite this, I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 5 2006 	Best Value in NYC	This is the greatest hotel to stay in in NYC if you are on a budget and are seeking a clean, spacious suite. Suites are next to impossible to find in Manhattan for less than $500 a night. This is the absolute best hotel to stay with kids. My kids absolutely loved the access to the amazing Battery Park/playground right across the street and loved running around the Irish Famine Monument (kind of dreary I know, but beautiful and a nice place for the kids to walk up and down the hill).I will absolutely stay here every single time I return to the city. They could even charge much more than what they charge.Only issue is - location. It is a hike to the nearest subway station, esp. with little ones in tow, but they can always call you a cab if you prefer to travel that way around the city.Love it!!!! Highly recommend it.	
Apr 2 2006	Space Value and Quality	Stayed for 3 nights - room (suite) was $250 per night inclusive of all taxes etc. via hilton website. Pros - very new, clean and comfortable. Breakfast buffet was more than adequate and free bar 5.30 -7.30pm just unbelievable (includes spirits, beer and cocktails, with a few munchies as well). Staff friendly and helpful, although bell hop a bit too forward in asking for tips.Location was biggest drawback - you need to walk past WTC site to get to nearest subway (Chambers St) which includes a climb onto a pedestrian walkway. A bus does stop right outside the hotel but it takes an eternity to get to mid-town. It is handy for Battery Park and ferries to staten island and cruises to Liberty and Ellis island.	
Mar 28 2006	Excellent hotel but beware of construction nearby	We stayed here for 3 nights this past weekend and had a wonderful time. The room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Had some minor problems with the wrong charges on the bill but those were resolved quickly. Front desk staff and housekeeping are all very helpful and the suites are well appointed with plenty of room for a couple. We ran low on toilet paper and tissues and they responded with items in a very short time. The breakfast selections in the morning are well prepared and there is a lot of choice.The location of the hotel worked out for us since most of what we wanted to do was in lower Manhattan but those cab fares can add up and it is a serious walk to the subway. In addition, some subway lines were running very inconsistently in the lower Manhattan and outer boroughs areas because of ongoing construction. The good news is that we've been here before and it's not as isolated as it used to be and we had no problem getting a cab from the hotel to wherever we needed to go.Also be aware that there is constuction going on on both sides of the hotel and the banging can actually shake up the room (weekdays and weekends). I'm a heavy sleeper so it didn't bother me but I have friends who were there on the same weekend and it woke them up at around 7am. If you are an early riser or want to get a move on it's not a problem but if you want to sleep in you may find it uncomfortable. Overall, it's a very good hotel and convenient to sights and activities in lower Manhattan.	
Mar 22 2006	loved it!	just returned from a three night stay.four ladies (wish i could say girls)celebrating a 40th birthday.we checked in ,under the impression a river view room was not possible.but when we got to the room WOW what a view.could have stayed in bed all day just to stare out of the window.the breakfast set us up for the day.did not eat lunch on any day.perfect spot so quite after a hectic day.cant wait to return embassy suites ,to show my husband a perfect gem! (cartiers)	
Mar 21 2006	Chicagoans in NY for a Weekend - Love the Embassy Suites	We have family in New York and have stayed at a variet of random hotels each time.We are both 30 years old and wanted somewhere that was fun and had a nice room.Embassy Suites was spectacular, the check-in was smooth- They even gave us a free upgrade !I've stayed at Embassy in other cities and this was beautifully decorated and the rooms were awesome.Don't forget free breakfast and cocktail hour. Their cocktail hour had actual call liquor and Coors Light, Budweiser, and Wine. Good Snacks. Must have saved 30 bucks a day by Breakfast and cocktail hour alone.The hotel is clean and has a beautiful view of the river. I've stayed in 500 dollar rooms before and I thought this was a great experience.Also, there is a Noodle Shop, Mexican Restaurant, Convenient Store, and a couple other things connected to the hotel which is great.If you choose somewhere else you are making a mistake. For the price, maybe the best hotel in New York.	
Mar 17 2006 	Absolutely Loved It	EXCELLENT!I was booked to stay at this hotel during a business trip, and I must say that this hotel was PERFECT. I traveled alone and stayed at this hotel from 3/7-3/10/06. Way too big for just one person!The suites are as good as they come. You walk into the suite and you enter your living room with a television, sofa and couch. The couch has a pull out bed. There's also a table with 4 chairs and a phone, along with internet connection (which you have to pay for, of course). Walk further into the room, down a short hallway and you'll have your bathroom (pretty big, fully stocked with all the essentials), across from your bathroom is an extra sink and a counter for the coffee pot and mini bar. At the end of the suite is your bedroom. The bed was ridiculously comfortable, and the room had another television, closet and a desk with a phone.The rooms were clean, room service was great but expensive, and the staff was friendly. The location is excellent, right next door to the World Financial Center (where my conference was located) and near plenty of restaurants and shopping areas (I would definitely recommend Century 21 to those shop-aholics). It's located near the river (ocean? I have no sense of geography) and you can see New Jersey across the water. It's also right next to Ground Zero, and it was my first time there since. To say the least, it was a surreal experience.Either way, yes this is a superb hotel. I had no issues during my stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to those who could afford it (after my conference, I had to move to another hotel more within my budget).	
Mar 16 2006	Ace!	I stayed at the Embassy Suites in March this year with my Mum while we visited New York for a (very) long weekend! We found the hotel on trip advisor and were certainly not disappointed. The hotel is in lower Manhattan with fantastic views over the Hudson river from your bed! We had a corner suite so had views in both directions, although it wasn't possible to see the statue of liberty like we thought it might be. we were on the 5th floor so there was no noise at all, although there was very little traffic anyway so i doubt any rooms would be noisy. Our room comprised of a dining area, sofas, widescreen televisions (by the sofas and the bed!), large bathroom with lots of room to put all your lotions and potions and a hairdryer, and a bedroom (with a pretty uch soundproof door) with two large double beds, the comfiest ever! The radio alarm clock was even MP3 compatible so i could plug in my ipod and listen to it throught the little speakers, now that is luxury!!The hotel itself was ridiculously comfortable! We actually found it a bit of a struggle to leave. on the first night we took advantage of the hotels multi screen cinema to watch a film (we weren't quite up to braving the -temperatures after our long flight!), and almost every other night we had at least 1 drink in the hotels free bar, which was quietish apart from the saturday night. drinks includ beer, wine and decent spirits. We especailly took advantage of the free nibbles in the bar, one night they had beef chilli and nachos and we ate so much we didn't need dinner! Breakfast was large and yummy, lots of things to choose from including made to order pancakes and omlettes. On the rare occasions when we did actually leave the hotel we loved New York. having been before we had already done the main tourist things but the highlights of this trip for me were--seeing chigaco (TKTS ticket booth in times square)-top of the rock on the rockerfeller centre. amazing veiws, look for 241 offers on the internet and try to go up about dusk-sex and the city bus tour, amazing if you've watched the program. they also do a sporanos and film one.-Gotham Bar and Grill restaurant. so gorgeous, very pricy at night but they do a really reasonable set lunch.-canal street market, brill for really cheap bags watches etc.-got subway to brooklyn then walked back over the bridge, wasn't keen on the idea but it was one of my favourite things to do, relly good views over the city.Would def go back to NYC, wouldn't stay anywhere else :)	
Mar 12 2006	better than the plaza	Stayed here with my daughter for 4 nights during a very cold spell. We had a lovely room on the corner, so quite a large suite with fabulous views of the Hudson and the cruise ships that regularly came past. Have been to New York four times previously, this was definitely the best hotel by far. We rated it much higher than the Plaza, which was way more expensive even nine years ago, and they could learn a lot about customer service from the terrific staff at the Embassy. Rooms were beautifully furnished and clean, with iron, coffee maker and plenty of storage space. Also very quiet at night as there is no passing traffic. We wanted to find an Oscar party as we were there on 5th March, and the concierge really went to a lot of trouble for us. Am planning a trip next Easter and would not think of booking anywhere else. The manager even came round during the free drinks reception to see if everyone was happy with their room!	
Mar 10 2006	As good as it gets	Shockingly Good...Like everyones review, this is a great hotel. Staff was great (let me check IN at noon), rooms (correction suites) were clean and the value exceptional. (I got a 4th floor King overlooking the hudson for 199/nite. ) Abit about the location: Better use the alarm, because there is very little NYC street noise, so you may sleep through Bfast. - The downside is that there few cabs around and its a bit of hike to the main subway arteries.	
Mar 8 2006	Embassy Suites sweet	Stayed here Feb 23rd-27th 06, great place,very spacious, lovely clean rooms,very comfy bed and very warm especially with the cold temperatures we experienced outdoors.The breakfast was super and the free drinks at the bar were very welcome after a long days sight seeing and they also provide nice little bar snacks. Our room had lovely views over the Hudson and we didn't pay extra for that privelage, we just requested nice views when booking.The Front desk staff were very helpfull and you also get free internet access in the reception area. Everywhere was easily accessible, subway station approx 5-8 minutes walk, south st seaport 20 mins walk and downtown manhattan 10 mins walk.would definitely stay here again	
Mar 7 2006	Going back for the 3rd time enough said!............	I have now travelled to NYC 3 times, the first stay was at the Sheraton Towers (which was fine, very convenient for Times Sq, etc).However, the Embassy is just in a different league - customer service is faultless, rooms are fantastic with large seperate lounges (so 2 tv's - one in bedroom, 1 in lounge - ideal if you have kids (I dont!).Breakfast is a great way to start the day, saves having to track down somewhere outside the hotel and after a long day walking up and down Manhattan what could be better than the 2 hour free cocktails?Don't be put off by the location - easy walk to the subway (and lets be fair - taxis arent exactly expensive in NYC).Recommend an early morning walk along Battery Park from the hotel -great fun watching the joggers hard at work!Top tip for NYC - have at least a drink in 'The View' top of the Marriot Marquis Times Sq!	
Feb 28 2006	Fantastic experience	Okay, it's not cheap. But if you're looking for a good-size room, friendly, helpful staff and a bit of luxury, then this is THE place to stay in NYC!!!! Breakfast was good and the complimentary manager's drinks were good too. The only disappointing part of our stay was the shower. Power shower? No way!!	
Feb 25 2006	A Unique NYC Experience	Locating a place to stay in NYC for a family of 5 proved to be bigger challenge than I expected, after all, I worked in the city for many years and thought &quot;no problem&quot;. 95% of the hotels I called would require reserving 2 rooms due to fire codes. Embassy Suites could accommodate us in one space and sounded like the best choice, however I wasn't crazy about the financial district location. As it turned out, we all loved the hotel and found its location to be amazing. The Hotel staff was friendly, courteous and helpful. The rooms were spacious compared to most NYC hotels. Bathrooms were clean and roomy, however were short on bathroom tissue and towels at arrival. A phone call to the front desk fixed the situation in under 15 minutes. Beds were comfortable, except for the pullout couch, they definitely need to upgrade the mattresses here. 2 large TV's in each room helped with my 3 daughters (ages 17, 15, and 12) when needed. Breakfast and manager's cocktail reception, included in cost of room, are big money savers and are quite good. This hotel is located in a very quiet area which is nice after spending busy days and evenings in NYC (no fire engines honking in the middle of the nite). The Esplanade is a great place to enjoy the waterfront views and walk off a big meal. It's full of activity in the evening as many locals use it for roller blading, jogging, walking, etc. Definitely try a steaming bowl of Prince Edward Island mussels at Steamers on the Esplanade. Lots to see right in the area, Chinatown, Little Italy and Tribecca nearby for good eats. Battery Park within walking distance for Harbor tours, which I recommend doing the 45 min tour that takes you by the Statue of Liberty, bridges, Empire State, etc. rather than the Liberty Tour which has long lines and I believe they still don't let you climb up to the top of the Statue. I recommend you ask about that before booking. Broadway was about a $10 cab ride, we saw Phantom, it was awesome. We used Icon parking @ $35/day by Washington St to save on parking. RE: subways, we found taking a van-cab was only a couple of dollars more for us than travelling uptown by subway and a lot more enjoyable. From Central Park to Embassy, $15 including tip. In the middle of Aug, believe me, it was worth the extra 5 bucks for airconditioned cab and to be delivered directly to our awaiting hotel doorman... one of life's simple pleasures. Enjoy this hotel, it's a good deal!	
Feb 21 2006	Good value and clean	I stayed there for two nights beginning Feb. 18th. I requested a quiet room in advance, and was given a room at the end of the hall, which was fine. I wasa bit taken aback to open up my curtains in the bedroom to see a construction site right outside my window, but no construction on Sunday or that holiday Monday, so I was still OK.The room itself was very clean, which is a must for me. I had three friends over at separate times that weekend, and they all commented on how nice the suite was. Minor quibbles: the hot water faucet kept coming off in my hand. I kept screwing it back on, and it kept coming off, so I finally left it off and just turned the water on and off by the stub. Also, I don't understand why I didn't get more soap and the other toiletries replenished after my first night. I actually used the rest of my shampoo to wash a couple of dishes with, so I had to call down to the desk and ask for more, and then I was brought a few in a bag,along with another bar of soap. Lastly, I was given two bottles of water the first night (you will have to pay $4 for these if you are not a Hilton Honors member, so beware), but none the second night. Hey, people still get thirsty after their first night's stay!The staff were very nice, and the concierges I dealt with were pleasant and very helpful. Smiling faces can't be beat.Weather alert!!!! If you stay here in colder weather, for the love of Mike, bring headgear, as the hotel is right by the water and the wind on Saturday night was utterly brutal. I was out with a friend and I said to him, &quot;Forget fashion! I'm buying a beanie.&quot; So much for my hipster hair style. Really, I would safely bet money that the wind chill that night was below zero, so bundle up.The subway station I used was the Chambers Street/West Broadway. As usual, I overpacked, but I was still able to use the subway to get too and from the hotel. It's about six blocks away. Granted, I walk a lot and am in good shape, so I was able to carry my two bags without a problem, but if you want a hotel really close to the subway, this one isn't it.The breakfast buffet was nice. I didn't go the first day as I was brunching out, but on that Monday they had a nice array of foods. My friend was surprised that the made-to-order foods included pancakes but no french toast, so if you're a french toast lover, be prepared.Good value for the money, although be prepared for some sticker shock when you get all those taxes added onto the bill--I counted $31.50 for each night. I asked the concierge about the Javits Center tax, and she said all guests must pay it. It's something they're building, and we out-of-towners help to foot the bill. How special.	
Feb 17 2006	help with parking	planning to stay here but dont want to pay the 50.00 per day parking fee. any suggestions? thanks for your help.	
Feb 8 2006	you will not be disappionted	We stay here over christmas last. We reviewed the hotel through trip advisor and all the reviews are true. At first we were dissapionted as a room was not available at 4pm but we were looked after with an offer of $50 of room service. We booked a harbour view room and got exactly the view we were looking for. The hotel is very clean with a modern look and very much caters for families. Our room was average and had all you would need for a comfortable stay. Yes the rooms walls are not sound proof and you would hear a noisey neighbour in the next room. Location on manhatton is easily serviced by subway, bus although we were isolated as we found ourselves stranded and at the mercy of taxi drivers during the transit strike(cost by taxi to midtown/time sq $15/person). Breakfast buffet was excellent and covered everyones taste buds. Lots of restaurants attached to the hotel and the muti-screen cinema was a treat to keep our teenager son happy during the evenings. But note construction is in progress towards the rear of the hotel on the next block so make sure you take a room towards the front during the next couple of years	
Jan 31 2006	Great Place	We just returned from three nights at The Embassy Suites in New York City. The room was great, the view was beautiful, the staff were friendly and helpful.The complimentary breakfast was plentiful. We were with a large group and it was perfect for us. A big plus is there is a DSW shoe store within the same building.(ladies) Manager's Reception with free cocktails in the evening is a nice touch. Would stay again and would definitely recommend.	
Jan 24 2006	Can't recommend the Embassy Suites highly enough!	First of all,USE THE SUBWAY! It's five minutes from the hotel, and the best and cheapest way to get around, simple to use, and I liked staying a little outside of the mayhem of the city.The hotel rooms were spacious, the free breakfast (admittedly hectic) and manager's reception a particularly nice touch, the staff very helpful and friendly, the views spectactular (from the top floor, where we were lucky enough to be) - I would go back like a shot.Please, consider this when you stay in NYC, it is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at.	
Jan 23 2006	Excellent Hotel 	I stayed here with my boyfriend in January and had a fantastic time. Could not fault the hotel at all. All staff very friendly and welcoming. Breakfast was good. Nice selection. Was my first time in New York and I was a bit worried about the location but it was great. I could see the Statue of Liberty from my window. The view was fantastic (Try and get a Hudson View room) There was work being carried out right outside which started about 6.00am but it is the city that never sleeps after all... Would definately stay here again and probably will!	
Jan 16 2006	Very nice experience - have a plan for breakfast	We planned our visit for the 3 days following Xmas - knowing this would be a busy time we booked ahead. We wanted someplace quiet, but within 15 minutes of the funspots. Using the Embassy Suites own webpage, we clicked the &quot;internet deals&quot; tab and was happy to commit to a rate of $189 a night. The only requirement was that there was a no-refund policy. This ALMOST bit us as the transit strike was not resolved until the 23rd. We parked the car in New Haven ($8 a day)and took Metro-north into the city. Booking in advance and using off-peak rates: 2 adults, a 13 years old and a 5 years travelled roumd trip of $89. DIRECTIONS: From Grand Central Station ($2 one trip pass or $7 all day pass) take the #4 train to Courtland Street (** there are three Courtland Street stations - the one on the # 1 train is closed **) the #4 train will drop you off at the church where the 9/11 rescuers rested and the place you will remember as the tall black iron fenceline with all the photos of the missing. It is all clean now and there is a nice memorial inside the church. When you exit the station head west (towards the back of the church) about 300 feet, and you will see the PATH train station (NJ bound) in front of you. If you turn left the white building is &quot;Century 21&quot; - reportedly the number 1 high-end clothing discount location in the world. Fortunately the hotel is to the right ... follow the fenceline of the PATH around the corner and it will lead you to a modern covered walkway which leads right to the hotel. As you take this walkway the footprint of the WTC will be on your left. There is an esclator and an elevator, so really no UP stairs. When you have crossed over West Street (4 lane roadway) you are at the end - follow the stairs ahead of you down. On your left is the American Express Building and the site of a nice shopping mall. The hotel is the brown building at your 2 o'clock position. You may notice the movie theather signs first. It was about a 5 minute walk with bags ... not a single complaint from either the 13 or 5 year old. Enter the glass doors and take the esclator up into the atrium of the hotel - as you walk towards the other side you will pass the evening reception / breakfast buffet room. The main hotel bank of elevators are to your right through the glass doors, BUT check in first downstairs. You can leave the others in the nice chairs or have them see the waterfall and continue across to the down esclator. The front desk will be to your right. While there notice the wall mounted flatscreen TV - to its right, is the 6 station (free) internet access. Immediately behind that is a little store and a hidden entrance to a great Asian Resturant with a nice take-out service. EXPERIENCE: We arrived around 11:30 am and intended to check our bags as we were headed to Broadway for a 2:30 show when the well groomed and attentive desk staff advised us that if we didn't mind staying on the second floor ( we had been booked on the 15th ) we could check in now. Room 232 was located on the main floor and allowed us to avoid using the elevators and placed us on the same floor as the drinks and food. Not a bad thing for a man and the world class NYC Fitness club was also accessable from the end of our hall. We were suprised at the amount of space ... nice 12' high ceilings and the feel of upscale appointment. The main room consisted of a sofa/couch, a cushioned chair and coffe table. The TV was nicely sized for the room and stored within a cabinet. To the left of the TV was a table and 3 chairs set aside for dining. There is also a wet bar with a food prep area and undercabinet microwave. The room lacks a refrigerator but I understand what a cleaning nightmare those must be for housekeeping. (I had heard a rumor that if you ask they will bring one up to your room.) The living area is separated from the bedroom by a cool, frosted glass wall and door. This room has a king sized bed. It displayed (5) full down-pillows and 1 body pillow which was 4 feet long. The mattress was one of the most comfortable we have enjoyed anywhere in the world. The room has a great view of the Hudson River and the New Jersey Skyline. Our 5 year old fell asleep on the nice sitting area in front of the windows later that night. The room came with one terry-cloth robe and again a nice sized TV in a multi-funtion cherry cabinet. The bathroom was very clean, it had Bath &amp; Beautyworks supplies and the offer if any items were left at home (razor / shaving cream / toothbrush / toothpaste / comb ...) that they would provide free of charge at the desk. You can't beat that. The room is equipped with the traditionals such as coffee maker and hairdryer ... the bathroom night light was welcomed as I forgot to bring ours. We never heard our neighbors, no hall noise and not a sound from the street, so we were very happy with the hotel construction design. BUFFET PLAN OF ATTACK: It was a very busy time and the hotel was at full occupany, even with the posted times for stress-free buffet eating it was alittle crazy. If you find it busy when you go, a simple 3-prong attack works best. Have someone secure a table. The &quot;eggs made to order&quot; line only provides eggs, nothing else ... so one person goes there with multiple orders. The buffet line has multiple stations, overload a plate or two with stuff your doctor probably doesn't need to know about - bacon, sausage and potatos and have your own buffett at the table. After the food portion of the line, skipping the line is allowed - return for the juice/drinks and silverware. There is a seperate area at the end of the serving are for fruits, breads, bagels, pancakes, cereals ... This is the bargin of the century - a breakfast of this quantity &amp; quality, anywhere else in New York would easily be $25 a person. Same goes for the mangers reception every night, quality drinks and snacks, nice room and fun music ... a chance to meet other people for around America or the world ... for the price of a tip. We found it easy TO GET AROUND from the hotel. While the metropass allows bus use and the M20 does stop nest to the hotel and go to Times Square - it was a long wait but a GREAT ride through the neat neighboorhoods along the way ... it was night and christmas - more than once we commented on how fun it would be to have alittle place here. The bus was not a time effective way to travel though. From the hotel to TIMES SQUARE you can either take a $2 taxi to the #1 train @ Chambers Street (walkable - but lots of traffic and very dark at night) or . HEARLD SQUARE/ROCKERFELLER CENTER - Walk to the back of the church (across from the PATH) and take the #R,N,Q or W train to Herald Square and transfer to the # B,D, F and V. To get to 59TH STREET area or up the line to YANKEE STADIUM walk to the church and take the #4 train (Courtland Street). If you want to get to COLUMBUS CIRCLE, PORT AUTHORITY BUS TERMINAL or PENN STATION walk to the PATH station itself and follow the signs to the # A,C or E train. CENTRAL PARK is easily accessed this way to also. Including Columbus Square the next 6 stops exit into the park and the upscale Central Park West. Back at the hotel you will find a very safe &amp; clean walking path along the river and a super CHILDREN's play area, both are located only 300' out the door by the front desk esclator. We were not willing to spend half a day or more to view the Statute of Liberty and a local let us in on the best HIDDEN JEWEL in NYC. We took a $5 taxi which took us thru the upscale Battery Park City past the unbelieveable line of people standing in line for the tour (blocks long) and to the Staten Island Ferry Terminal. This ultra-modern building has a nice store and we quickly boarded the FREE ferry to the island - wonderful views of the Brooklyn and Verrazano Bridge's, water traffic in the harbor and you pass both Ellis Island and the Statute. The 20 minute ride was relaxing with plenty of photo op's ... and it was big fun for our 5 year old. Upon our arrivial we simly exited the ferry and got back in line for the FREE return trip. We sat next to a tour group and learned alot from their guide. All told it was an hour round-trip. We noted while in Staten Island the presence of the New York Yankee minor league park which faces the skyline - will have to return for a nightgame, the views must be stunning. We have nothing but positive things to say about the Embassy Suites - NYC, nice, clean and spacious room, great price (still not sure why we got such a low price, reasonable access to transportation and a nice quiet spot in NYC. WE WILL BE BACK ... we also had a nice experience at another ES in Deerfield Beach, FL (next to Boca Raton) - right on the beach, great pool, billion dollar views, all beach toys, floats ... provided at no charge ... twice daily complimentary chilled orange slices delivered pool and beach side. Similar breakfast buffet and happy hour ... the internet rate there was only $159. Enjoy	
Jan 15 2006	Those $20 cab rides really add up!	First off, our room wasn't ready until 4:50. Then we got a room with a barking dog next to us! I couldn't believe it, a barking dog. He stopped after awhile. It's a nice place but it's so far from everything.Your forced to spend all of your time uptown just so you don't spend another $20 for a cab ride back to your hotel room. I'm the kind of person who likes to go back to the room during the day to relax,nap,drop off shopping bags,use the bathroom,shower for dinner,etc..And that car valet guy,always trying to get me to take one of those unlicensed car servicevehicles instead of a real cab.Watch out you people from Europe;he must be getting a kickback. In the long run it's actually cheaper to stay at a hotel uptown and better for you piece of mind.	
Jan 11 2006	spacious comfort with down to earth helpful staff	We arrived on Jan 4th in the afternoon and stayed 4 nights as a couple as our teenage daughter was away in Spain. The rooms are set out extremely well and the space available for an hotel in NYC was quite unbelievable. Everything you could possibly need was in the room bar a kettle and a trouser press (its a Brit thing!)Our nightly entertainment venues were arranged for us by Mellissa the concierge who could not have been more helpful or knowledgable. The free breakfasts were superb and the 2 hour complimentary (FREE) bar till 7.30 with free bar snacks was a great way to start the night. Embassy please come to London City and bring your innovations and prices. By the way smoking free, friendly NYC has changed totally from my last vist 8 years ago. Even the cabbies chat in English. NYC is a great place all I need now is a management secondment!	
Jan 10 2006	Great Hotel for families	We visited NYC this past December with our 3 children and were very pleased with our accomodations @The Embassy Suites Hotel. Our room was very clean and spacious although the furniture in the living room was a little outdated and in need of an upgrade. Their complimentary breakfast is wonderful and includes pancakes and tasty cooked to order omelettes. Our room was only $229.00 per night. You can't beat that rate especially with 5 people in a room in NYC. They do charge $50.00 per day to park your vehicle. We had a rental car and were not aware of this charge. All in all our trip was fantastic and our hotel choice a very good one!	
Jan 6 2006	Great Stay	Stayed for three nights, Dec. 9 - Dec. 12., after moving from a perfectly dreadful place uptown. Wow, was it worth it! For $239 (a special holiday shopping deal), we got a huge corner room -- by far the biggest room I've ever had in Manhattan. Spacious bedroom, roomy living area with table and chairs, sofa and a wingback chair with footrest (a similar chair was in the bedroom), clean bathroom with products from Bath and Body Works. As someone else noted, we received a call from our desk clerk to make sure everything was all right. Nice touch! Free drinks were nice, but the free breakfast was even better, because we could fill up enough to tide us over for a late lunch when restaurants were less crowded.The location isn't terribly close to any subway stations (but let's face it, the winter wind off the Hudson probably made the walk there seem longer than it really was). However, there is a bus stop across the street from the hotel. Taxis and car service are available outside the main entrance as well. Almost every cab driver seemed to know the way to this hotel because it was the only one of its brand in the city. Nice view of the river and of New Jersey. Would definitely stay here again if the opportunity presented itself!	
Jan 4 2006	Fabulous - what can we say!!!!!	I booked the hotel for my wifes 40th birthday, which is 31st Dec, along with my children aged 14 &amp; 16. What everyone says about the hotel is true, excellent, fab, would stay again are often used, but they are true.From the moment we arrived to leaving the staff, accomodation, food, drinks were first class.Excellent location, would recommended a subway &quot;metro card&quot;. The stations are in easy walking distance, and within 8 minutes you can be in Times Square.The breakfast is outstanding, has to eaten to believed. The evenings drinks give you an ideal opportunity to recharge the batteries, after shopping all day and visiting numerous famous locations.We felt very safe walking around, in particular been there for the New Year, what an experience.For the ladies, the shopping is out of this world. For the gents, bring lots of money.This was our first family visit to New York, what made this special was the Embassy Suites, don`t look anywhere else.Embassy Suites and staff, a huge THANK YOU.	
Jan 4 2006	We loved it!	We arrived there on the 27th Dec 2005 and stayed there until the 2nd Jan 2006 for my husbands 40th birthday. They put us in a double room which was on the top floor and was noisy, but the next morning we asked to be moved as we had booked a king room and complained about the noise.(Air conditioning fans on the roof) They dealt with this without hesitation and put us in a fantastic harbour view room on the 4th floor. Our baggage was delayed in the room change, but they sent us some wine, cheeses and fruit to compensate for this.Our friends who travelled with us had a few problems with their room and with reception which affected us a little as, understandably they were rather stressed about it all, but the problems were sorted out and they were sent a couple of bottles of champagne and had the cost of the first night of the stay refunded. (It seems there were two guests with the same name in the hotel at the same time which caused some of the problems)All in all, the hotel was of a very high standard and the view from the room was amazing. Worth the extra for the Harbour View room, believe us! The complimentary breakfast was great and meant that we could fill up at the start of the day and barely needed to buy lunch. Managers cocktails in the evening were a pleasant bonus too.The nearest subway station is about 5 to 10 mins walk. If you intend doing alot of sightseeing in NYC, take good walking shoes - you will wear out your feet!!Overall, I have to say the hotel was excellent. Yes, we had one or two problems, but at one of their busiest times of year these things can happen so I feel I must forgive them that. I would (and probably will) stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 31 2005	Fantastic loved the hotel	We stayed over Xmas 2005, view from our suite over the Hudson river was great, service was first class, breakfasts were outstanding, i've now got to go to the Gym to loose the pounds i've put on!Suite was very good value for money, very roomy for four people, two rooms, two tvs, only down side for some people would be location, the Financial district is a little away from most of the touristy sites, but ideal for the trip over to the Statue of Liberty, there is a cinema attached to the back of the hotel and many local eating places for every pocket, from cheap to expensive and with the very good subway the rest of New York was close at hand. I would gladly recommend the Embassy to anyone	
Dec 29 2005	Brilliant look no further	look no further for a fantastic hotel run by fantastic staff. We stayed at the ES Dec 18th-22nd and was very pleased indeed with the hotel. I of course browsed trip advisor before booking and liked the reviews for the ES, everything about this hotel is spot on. The breakfasts, managers reception and the welcome are second to none, all the staff were very good, but a special mention to Melissa and Jett- thanks very much (Melissa even managed to get my son a bow tie to complete his kilt outfit- which he left behind in Scotland) The view from the room was fabulous can't believe we saw thr Statue of Liberty from our window. Our only downfall (nothing to do with the hotel) was the transit strike, it cost us an arm and a leg to get back and forth in taxi cabs, but hey a great time was had by all. Thank you to all at ES	
Dec 28 2005	Absolutely flawless	The best hotel experience I've ever had. My friends and I booked a room here (only one day in advance!) and got the best treatment we've ever received at an American hotel. Take note of the free internet access in the lobby, free open bar during happy hour for all guests, and incredible rooms. We had to pay a pretty penny for it, (we splurged a little for the trip) but my goodness - we never expected such cleanliness, such class, and such a great experience. Wow!	
Dec 23 2005	WOW - Forget Midtown stay downtown !	Although situated on the edge of battery park the $17 cab ride to times square is well worth it. The room was fantastic, clean and well appointed. The breakfast was plentiful, fresh and very tasty....my favourite bit....managers drinks reception at 5:30 to 7:30 - free bar - what a result - five or six smirnoff vodka's then a cab ride into town and you are all set for the night. Staff were really helpful and we had a fantastic view of the Hudson &amp; Statue of Liberty from our hotel room. Looking forward to booking next year !	
Dec 21 2005	Fab!	I stayed at this wonderful hotel from 15 - 19th Dec 05 and was extremely impressed. LOCATION - Wonderful - right by the Hudson. We really apprciated being able to escape the extreme hussle and bussle of the uptown areas. It is just a short walk (5 mins) to around 3 different subway stations and from there a 10 - 15 minute subway ride to Times Square. Battery Park (ferries to Statue of Liberty etc) is a 15 minute stroll along the water's edge. It was very easy to spend the day sightseeing, pop back to the hotel for a rest and freshen-up, then go back to uptown for dinner. The subway was always busy and so felt very safe.ROOMS - Wonderfully large. We were a group of 4 people sharing a suite and there was plenty of space for us all. We requested a river view and got it which was lovely. The suite was immaculate and the service great. We requested a fridge in addition to the mini-bar and it was there and plugged in within 5 minutes (no extra charge). I slept on the sofa-bed and it was very comfy. There is a TV in each room (bedroom and living room) with heaps of channels. A complimentary USA Today newspaper is delivered each morning. Complimentary toiletries are good and generously stocked-up daily. The kitchen area with a microwave came in handy and can see how useful it would be for families travelling with young children. Only complaint - we could have done with a kettle (I'm so British!). The coffee maker in the room isn't really good enough to make good tea!BREAKFAST - Everyone here comments on the fab breakfast and for good reason. Included in the price, you can eat as much as you like and there is plenty on offer. Omelettes cooked fresh to order, eggs cooked any way you want, sausage, bacon, potatoes, pancakes, fruit salad, fruit, 5 choices of cereal, toast, bagels, pastries, donuts, muffins, yogurt, tea, coffee, fruit juice, soda, milk. The list goes on! Plus, you can even sea the Statue of Liberty from the restaurant. We ate so much that we didn't need to eat again until dinner!HOTEL FACILITIES - The hotel has free high-speed internet access in the lobby with access to MS Word and Excel and printing facilities. This is great although a little annoying when kids are using all the terminals to play games. Would be better if hotel personnel could only allow this in quite periods as I had important business to attend to, as did other guests. Each evening, there are free drinks and nibbles at the Manager's Reception. Sounds good - didn't bother going in myself as was rarely at the hotel at that time of the evening (5:30 - 7:30 ish). The open atrium is fab - really spacious and leads to a couple of restaurants and a cinema. STAFF- All of the staff we encountered were courteous and genuinely helpful. Nothing was too much trouble and we really appreciated the help we received when needed.NEARBY - At the back of the hotel is a &quot;Pick-A-Bagel&quot; store which has great bagels (funny that!), cakes, cheesecake, salads etc for excellent value prices. We used it a few times to grab a late-night snack and a cup of tea! Across the road is the World Financial Centre which hosts a wide range of restaurants and shops. In summary, this is a fab place to stay. I was a little concerned about staying in Lower Manhattan but needn't have been. I would definately return in the future.	
Dec 11 2005	Extremely comfortable but beware of spotty cell phone service	This was our second stay at this hotel, both times in December. In 2004, we paid $279 and this year we paid $479 (including full breakfast buffet). New York in December has gone crazy!But I like this place. Two rooms, two TVs, one sink in the bathroom, shower over tub, kitchenette with sink and coffeemaker, mini fridge with drinks &amp; snacks. The bedroom has a nice large armoire with two closets, and three LARGE drawers. There is more than enough room for two people and their winter clothes. Ironing board, two desks, lots of lamps, upgraded bedding and extra pillows, very soft and large towels. It's not luxurious in the fittings and fixtures, but I'd rather sacrifice a marble bathroom for plenty of space. But the best part is the picture window and fabulous views of the Hudson and New Jersey. We have paid this much and more at midtown hotels and not even gotten a glimpse of the sky to see what the weather is. I'm sick of doing that, which is why we now go downtown. I like the location as well. I can walk to Tribeca for great shopping and restaurants and subway uptown. And it's only a 6-minute walk to Century 21, the BEST discount department store I've ever seen. (Get a good night's sleep and go early.)Back to the room: the little sign on the desk said there was wireless internet, but we didn't have any signal, so we connected with the cord. The charge was supposed to be $9.95 a night, but it never showed up on our bill at all.The service at this property was very good. A few minutes after we arrived in our room, the fellow who checked us in actually called us to see if our room was okay and if we had any questions - I was SHOCKED. We've stayed at many 4-5 star hotels in midtown and this has never happened before. I'm a little on the high-maintenance side, and everyone, without exception, was friendly and helpful. I commandeered a non-English-speaking kitchen worker who gladly filled my styrofoam cup with with milk for my next morning's tea.We stayed three weeknights and left on a Friday. The hotel was full the whole time we were there, but Friday at checkout was the first time it appeared crowded - lines to check in, and I wasn't crazy about the piles of luggage I saw by the bell stand and front door, not completely unattended but not totally secure, either. Tips: request the view you want, either river or city, and a high floor for a better view. Bad news: our cell phones (Sprint and T-Mobile) did not get consistent reception in the living room. We often had to stand by the window in the bedroom to get reception, which means you can't make a call while sitting at the large desk in the living room.Hope this helps - it's so hard to know what other people feel is good value. If you can get a good rate at this hotel, I highly recommend it for a comfortable and convenient stay in NYC.	
Dec 3 2005	Great Hotel Great Value	We stayed at the hotel over the Thanksgiving long weekend. I shared the room with my husband and adult daughter. The room was immaculately clean, and very spacious. We had two separate areas--a bedroom with a kingsize bed and a living area with a sleep sofa, table and chairs, refrigerator, and microwave. My daughter said the sleep sofa was very comfortable. The bedroom had a door to close it off for privacy. Each room had its own television. The bathroom was also quite large. A happy hour and breakfast are included. The staff was friendly and helpful. We asked for a water view room and got it on check-in. Also we booked in advance online and pre-paid getting the lowest price available. The location was fine. It is close to the Century 21 department store. We had use at no extra charge of the New York Sports Club which was terrific.	
Dec 1 2005	No Complaints	My wife and I spent three nights at the Embassy Suites in November 2005 to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary.We were very impressed with all aspects of the hotel, from the helpful staff to the standard of the suite. The manager's evening receptions with complimentary drinks and nibbles were the iceing on the cake.This was our first trip to New York, and the Embassy Suites helped to make it a memorable one.	
Nov 28 2005	Simpley the Best	Arrived early afternoon but could not get our room till after 4pm, but this was not a problem as we were there to see the city and not sit in the room. I had booked three suites(9 women in party)and when we arrived later on we found that they had gave us 1 kingside bed instead of 2 doubles per room. I complained and Ryan at reception did everything to get us the rooms we had booked. The &quot;Managers special&quot; and the &quot;Cooked breakfast&quot; went down a treat with our party and everyone said that they would recommend the hotel to family and friends. The only down side was that some of the party were ripped of by the taxi's(so always arrange a price before hand).Also the resturants in and around the hotel are worth a try.Will definetly come back as with 4 children these suites would definetly accomidate my family as any where else we go we have to have 2 rooms.	
Nov 23 2005 	The only Place I Stay in the City	A frequent New York traveller, am there every month. This is the only place I will stay, excellent suites, beautifully maintained, great staff - whats good to all the guys at the entrance. Absolutely no complaints, only great memories....and make sure you stop by the Happy Hour every afternoon for a few drinks on the hotel.	
Nov 21 2005	Good room great amenities average service	We stayed the weekend of Nov 12-14, 2005, at the Embassy Suites in the Financial District. The location was great - only two blocks from a subway station. Lots of parking within five or six blocks, so if you drive in don't feel you need to spend $$$ on the valet parking. The hotel is right across the street from the WTC site. There is a movie theater in the same building, accessible without going outside. If you're going to NYC for fun, though, be aware that the location in the financial district gets really quiet at night. Plan on a subway ride to just about any tourist site or show. The hotel includes a two-hour free happy hour &quot;manager's reception&quot; every evening. Even better is the free hot breakfast buffet, which included eggs cooked-to-order, pancakes, sausage, bacon, oatmeal, bagels and toast, fresh fruit and beverages. There is free high-speed internet access in the &quot;business center,&quot; which is really just two kiosks in the lobby.I was a little disappointed in the service. The room was booked as a platinum-member room, yet we could not get early check-in when we arrived at noon, nor did we get the upgrade the reservation agent promised. Also, the hotel had booked a large bat mitzvah in the atrium(of all places) for Saturday afternoon, which included a VERY loud DJ. We could hear the music clearly in our 12th floor room, which made a late afternoon nap impossible. They should book such events into one of their many conference rooms.The suite had a living room and a bedroom, a true suite and not just two separate areas as some &quot;suites&quot; are. The living room contained a bar sink, a microwave and a cash-bar; a small fridge was provided free of charge upon request. The bedroom had two beds, but they were only full beds, not queens, which is a little cramped if two adults are sharing a bed. The couch in the living room was also a sofa bed.All in all, I would book again, especially if I could get a special rate. For families, the free breakfast alone could be a real budget-saver!	
Nov 11 2005	New York's Embassy Sweet	I've been in the hotel business for several years now. I must say that the Embassy Suites, New York City, ranks right up there as one of the best for the money that I've ever seen. Here's a few reasons why.TROY, CONCIERGE. Bent over backwards on the phone to make sure our upcoming visit would be special. Meet him and you'll understand.SERVICE. Ever wonder what happened to that once-taken-for-granted thing called 'service?' Well it's alive and well at the ESNYC. I arrived a little grumpy after spending almost 3 hours in a shuttle from LGA. The front desk didn't miss a beat-they immediately stressed the fact that I had finally made it to the hotel, and that they were glad my wife and I had decided to stay there. The housekeeping staff is quite respectfull of your wishes, and do a great job. Everywhere I went in the hotel, someone was cleaning something. Also, whenever we'd leave/enter the hotel, we were always told to enjoy our day, or were welcomed back.LOCATION. This seems to be the only 'problem' to some staying at the ESNYC. Actually, there's lots to do downtown. There's a great promenade just below the hotel that leads all the way down to Battery Park, where you can ferry over to Ellis Island, Staten Island (free-do it for the Manhattan photo ops on the way back!). From Battery Park, just walk up Broadway, and you'll pass by Ground Zero (just two blocks from ESNYC), and the rest of the financial district. Don't forget the Brooklyn Bridge which starts at Park Row.In the other direction, walk out of the hotel and turn right. Go north on the West Side Highway a few blocks, then turn right on Chambers (use the footbridge). Now you're in Tribeca, an up to now passed over neighborhood for tourists. Robert DiNiro lives here somewhere, and his restaurant group has two offerings: Nobu, and Next Door Nobu (easier of the two to get a table). Walk around the Hudson Street area. It's very neighborhoody and not overrun with tourists. Go right on Canal St. On one side is Chinatown, on the other, Little Italy (Mulberry St.). Don't forget a walk through SOHO, maybe get a drink at Broome Street Bar.Keep walking north a few blocks, and before you know it you're right up on NYU/Waverly Place and Washington Square (people watching central!).Too complicated? Just walk up Broadway from Battery Park. You'll see plenty.So it's the gritty city you want to see? I've got two words for you: Delancy Street.See? There's a lot downtown. The cool thing about walking in New York, is the amount of ground you'll cover without even realizing it. On the map things look farther than they are when you're on the sidewalk taking in this great city. One day, I walked from the ESNYC all the way to Central Park South, taking in the city the whole way.Drawbacks? Not many. Taxis can get expensive if you're darting around the city. Don't be afraid of the subway and the busses, especially in the daytime. They both are cheap as hell and fast. For example, a taxi ride to the Theatre District/Times Square will run you about $12. The subway costs $2, no matter where you're going. Just a thought. I know some people can't muster the bravery they think they'll need.CLEANLINESS. The first thing my wife does when we check into a hotel (we travel a lot), is check the bathroom and sheets. Believe me, if she says it's clean, it's beyond clean! ESNYC passed with flying colors.THE ROOMS. These are all suites, which make them the largest rooms available at this price in the city. A lot of $1800 a month apartments in New York are smaller than these rooms!If you absolutely have to be in Midtown, perhaps you should look at another property. If you want a downtown experience at a hotel with great harbor and city views, the ESNYC is a great choice. It all comes together here. I will be back.Kudos, GM Mark Thomson!Questions? Email me. Also, see my review of the Hotel Pulitzer, Amsterdam, if you're heading that way!	
Nov 8 2005	Fantastic - would definitely stay here again	My wife booked us a long weekend in New York for my 40th birthday. It was our first time in New York and having read the reviews of where we were originally going to stay (which was somewhere off Broadway around 103rd Street) we asked the company we'd booked through to change the hotel. This was the option out of the two we were given that we chose - and I'm glad we did!Here are our opinions:The roomsAll rooms are off the hotel atrium which gives a very light and airy feel – no long corridors making it feel closed in. We had a double-bedded suite which was very clean and pleasant. Basically it consisted of a sitting room with sofa, table &amp; chairs and television, bathroom with shower and very small bath and the bedroom with plenty of storage space and television. Our room looked out onto the World Financial Center – and if we craned our necks we could actually see the Hudson River, so although we didn’t have a river view as such, the outlook was still pretty good. There wasn’t a great deal of traffic about so the room was very quiet, there were some road works going on but even these didn’t disturb us.The room was cleaned and bed made every day, new towels in the bathroom.Tea and coffee making are provided – however if we wanted tea we had to use the coffee maker to make it! The mini-bar is also very well stocked, however I can’t comment on how the stocking levels were maintained as we didn’t use it. Also just below the mini-bar is a safe – which certainly came in very handy.LocationSome reviewers have said they didn't like the location, that the wasn't a subway nearby and it was a bit quiet on the streets on an evening. Okay so there isn't a subway right on the doorstep - but a pleasant 10-minute or so walk along the riverside (and yes it is right by the river - the only thing between it and the river path are a two lane road and the Irish Hunger Memorial) and you arrive at Battery Park, from where you can pick up the subway from Bowling Green station or a short walk up Broadway to Wall Street station.Chambers Street subway station is within easy walking distance also – but we preferred the walk south along the river.We didn’t use the buses, but there are plenty that run and stop at the back of the hotel and there are plenty of cabs (and limousines during the week) hanging around the hotel awaiting customers.The view across the river from the front of the hotel is fantastic and it is peaceful. The hotel is next door to the World Financial Center, the World Trade Center site is only a stone’s throw away, Battery Park is only a very short distance away from where you can catch numerous ferries. There were some nice boats moored at North Cove – including Ellen MacArthur’s B&amp;Q trimaran! Close by there are several museums namely the Museum of Jewish Heritage, the Skyscraper Museum and the Museum of the American Indian. We also found it an easy walk to the Seaport Historic District and the Brooklyn Bridge.We flew into JFK airport and caught a shuttle bus – and because the hotel isn’t slap bang in the centre of town we were the last to be dropped off. On a rainy Friday night it took 2 hours from leaving JFK to being dropped off at the hotel.People expect different things from hotels and their locations – you don’t go to New York and expect it to be peaceful – but to be honest after a day out in the hustle and bustle it was nice to come back here and be able to relax in peaceful surroundings.The StaffWe can’t fault the staff one bit – they were very helpful, courteous and knowledgeable, they greeted you with a smile and were always well turned out. There are plenty of reception staff so you’re not kept waiting to check in. There is a concierge who will help with advising on and booking tickets for excursions as well as helping with directions and giving advice on how to get around the island. The bellhops and door staff were also cheery, polite and very helpful.The complimentary breakfast and Manager’s receptionTo have breakfast as part of the deal proved to be a real bonus! There was plenty of choice ranging from bacon, sausages, cooked potatoes, eggs cooked any way you wanted them, fresh fruit, cereal, bagels, bread, toast, fruit juice, coffee, tea – in fact just about everything you could ever want for breakfast. Indeed it was that good we managed to fill up so that we didn’t need to stop for lunch while we were out and about. It can get a bit crowded, but we went down just after 8am and that seemed to be a good time as there was hardly any queuing.The manager’s free drinks reception is also part of the deal and again this is a real bonus. Basically from 5:30pm to 7:30pm the hotel bar is open, serving free beer, wine, spirits, cocktails – they even throw in snacks such as popcorn and chips (crisps). Obviously it is very popular but having said that we had no problems finding a seat nor did we have any problems getting served – no more than a couple of minutes wait. Remember though this bar is in America – so although the drinks are free you’ll still need your dollar bills for tips! Something also to bear in mind once the Manager’s reception is finished the bar closes – which means you’ll need to visit one of the other establishments within the hotel complex or head off into town if you want to continue drinking.FacilitiesThe hotel appears to have a restaurant of it own call ed the Unity but this was closed while we were there. However there are several restaurants as part of the hotel complex – there is Chevy’s Fresh Mex, which serves, as you’d expect, Mexican food. We sampled it and it was pretty good – and very reasonable. This is actually inside the hotel, right next to the hotel bar. Outside there is Applebees Neighborhood Bar &amp; Grill – which we also sampled. We didn’t rate this quite as highly as Chevy’s and the price wasn’t as reasonable either. Other restaurants (that we didn’t sample) include Pac Rim – which serves sushi, Lili’s Noodle Shop – which served Chinese and Pick-a-Bagel which serves bagels, sandwiches, etc.If you’re that way inclined the room service menu was pretty extensive too!The complex also boasts an 11 screen cinema and as a guest you also get free use of the fitness facilities – but as we were only there for three nights we didn’t use either of these.In summary if you want a nice quiet hotel with decent facilities and don’t mind being out of the centre of town then I’d recommend the Embassy Suites every time.	
Nov 6 2005	for a family of 4 this is a great hotel	After arriving on Saturday late at night we checked in to the hotel. We had a couple of teething problems with the booking but this was sorted out very well with the Front Desk.We found that having the big breakfast(part of the price) set us up for the whole day and the only time we felt a little hungry was late afternoon, but we did not need a big meal at all. So all the places I had lined up to eat, we did not use because non of us were that hungry. The evening complimentary drinks were great! After a day of being on our feet it was wonderful to come back to the hotel and chill-out!The hotel is very big and spacious and very very clean.This is our fifth time of using embassy suites and we were not dissapointed.The location of this hotel is great once you get your bearings. Try and do this as soon as you can. The Sunday evening we tried to find a place to eat but because of our lack of knowledge of the area, we were very limited. The &quot;pick a bagel&quot; shop on the corner of the building (cinema entrance side)is not bad at all, you don't have to have bagels, there is plenty to choose from. Can't believe how close ground zero is. Century 21 the bargain shopping store is only across the road from the Ground Zero area. Most of our shpping was done here! Our boys managed to pick up Calvin Klein jeans for under $25.00 each pair. This shop is a must but do go late evening or early morning to avoid the crowds. To get here from the hotel you must take the walk-way from the finacial centre to ground zero. Also DSW shoes, this shop is on the third floor on the hotel building is also a must. The discounts here we thought were as good as any you will get in the main shopping areas and you don't have the hassel of carting them around with you. Also the shop is so big and spacious that it is a pleasure to shop there.When we did our Statue of Liberty visit we walked along the Hudson River to get the boat, this really was a lovely walk and did not take that long at all.On the whole I would say the Embassy Suites were great especially if you get a Hudson River view. Paying the extra is worth it, it's not every day you go to NYC. It really made our trip.If you are visiting from the UK, be aware of the taxes etc. that will be charged on top of your Room Rate. We paid nearly $50.00 per night on top. Quite a shock! Don't let this put you off though, it really was well worth it and we would stay here again.	
Oct 27 2005	Loved this hotel!	We're just back from 3 nights in The Embassy Suites and were very impressed with it. Every thing worked well from check in and the staff are very helpful and friendly. The Concierge was very knowledgeable. We had a king suite on the 4th floor with a river view as requested. It was clean and comfortable and had loads of space. The room has a little kitchen area witha sink and microwave. It had a coffee maker which I couldn't seem to operate and we didn't really bother . The bed seemed bigger then a king and was very comfortable. The complimentary breakfast is fantastic. The omlettes were delicious. I think it's the only time I've had a four course breakfast! We didn't notice niose from rooms although one evening we heard a dog barking from the floor below! It didn't last long but it was a first for us! Apparently it's a pet friendly hotel. We never got to the managers reception. We ate in Pacrim on the hotel complex and it was good. We liked the location as it was a relief to be out of the turbo charged Time Square area. We will stay here next time we visit NYC.	
Oct 24 2005	Embassy was great	My husband and I went to the Embassy suites for his birthday trip oct 21...it was a great experience. We had a nice river view which was exciting to him as he loves barges and tug boats. The room was really nice with a suite..the bed was comfy and most importantly the room was so quiet....try to get on the 15th floor if you can; the night view of lights on the water was great. We never got up in time to do the breakfast thing so can' t say too mcuh about it. The people who worked there were nice..we paid 288 per night booking it on the web and prepaying(no refunds) which was the cheapest I could find it. The area does not have tons of great restaurants but I did find a charming little italian place within walking distance called the Quartino..good ambience and good food..unusual because it was like italian and health food, whole wheat pizza and ravioli, fresh boiled vegetables..the dessert was fabulous:flourless chocolate cake with gelato...	
Oct 20 2005	Good value and very family friendly!	Very nice and new hotel. Friendly service. We asked for a quiet room, and we got one at the end of a hallway behind another glass door with one more room (we were in 1537). Room # 37 and 38 are both behind this glass door. The room is large and spacious. The living room connects to the bathroom and there there is a glass (no see through) door which leads to the bed room. We requested a fridge, since we were travelling with a 17 month old, and got a fridge delivered to our room within 10 minutes to put her milk and snacks in. There are 6 internet terminals in the lobby which is nice too. Few breakfast is included and good. Do come before or around 8 am at the latest in the morning if you don't want to wait in line (they do inform you about the best times to come). In the early evening there is also a free drink session to which we didn't go. There are a couple of restaurants in the building (Asian, Mexican, Applebees, a Bagle Shop and also a cinema and a DSW shoe store). It's very close to the World Trade Center site. It's a little bit further from midtown, but we easily walked to Tribeca, Soho and other areas close by. For places a little further and at night, expect to take cabs. The area is very much developing, which is nice too. And I liked the fact that it wasn't crowded around us 24/7 (especially when travelling with kids). I requested a late check-out because of our daughter's nap schedule (and the flight back to Chicago). Regular check out is noon, and usually they do 1 pm, but we got a 2 pm check out which worked out really well for us. It was great that they could actually accommodate us. I would go back here if I was travelling with kids again.	
Oct 12 2005	Location is Great!	This is why garage sales work so well. What is one man's trash is another's treasure.:)We found the location of the Embassy Suites perfect for our needs. We got a 7-day Metro card. The M22 bus stops right outside the back door and whisks you to the Chambers Street subway stop, from which you can get anywhere. The M20 is across the street and takes you to the ferry stop for Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island tours. It also goes down 7th Avenue which is a quick way back to the hotel from Greenwich Village. The Connection bus is FREE and takes you everywhere &quot;downtown&quot;; including the Seaport area. We loved the fact that after being &quot;shoulder to shoulder&quot; with people all day sightseeing we could return to this locale with an open view of the horizon and the Hudson River. It was quiet enough to sleep with the windows open at night like we do at home. (We find that when we can have natural air at night we awake more rested.) We never even considered taking a taxi. With the Metro card such a good deal and public transportation so convenient it seemed silly to waste the money. We have used public transportation in many locations and found NYC to be complex but also complete. I doubt there is anywhere you need to get that can't be done via the buses and subway. For the record, the buses are immaculate and appear to be almost brand-new. Way cleaner than the subway, and maybe even safer since the driver is right there with you.The rest of the hotel is exactly as written by others. The service was outstanding, the room is spacious by normal standards albeit a bit smaller than some Embassy Suites we have stayed at. Breakfast and evening cocktails were excellent and represent a genuine value. About the fridge. The morning after we arrived I simply stopped by the front desk and asked to have either have the Honors Bar stuff removed or a different fridge delivered. When we got back from our day a new mini-fridge had been delivered and turned on so it was cold and ready.No additional charge. The guest laundry was useful even though there is only one washer and one dryer, found on Floor 9. (I was told by hotel staff that this is the ONLY smoking floor by the way. This means that the entire hotel was remarkably free of secondhand smoke which is another huge asset in our minds.)With all due respect, I disagree that the location should make you wary. We all travel with different needs and parameters for what makes a good hotel. For us this was a good choice and we would stay there again.	
Oct 9 2005	Location location location - Beware!	This was my 6th trip to NYC. In the past we have stayed at the Doubletree and the Marriott in Times Square, The Carlton, W, and this week we stayed at Embassy Suites. The pros: largest accomodations we've had, better than average free breakfast, staff was very accomodating and courteous, walls are soundproof, beds were comfortable, kids loved free internet in lobby, good choice of on site restaurants to choose from, movie theatre on premises (but who comes to NYC to go to the movies!). Cons: The closest subway station is Cortland (3 blocks) but it is closed for another year. The closest subway stations otherwise are Rector or by City Hall. It is a good 15 minute walk IF you are physically able and are NOT carrying large shopping bags or have small children. I can imagine the walk would be miserable in the cold winter! The 15 minutes walk feels like 3 miles when you have spent the entire day walking or when it's raining! Although I personally did not have any negative encounters, walking the distance after dark can be a little scary. There were not many other pedestrians out after 9:00 p.m. Plan on using taxis. We were told we were given a room with a refrigerator but the only refrigerator was the one with the sundries for a fee already stocked. Overall, the accomodations rated a B+, but due to the inconvenient location I would not recommend it until Cortland subway station opens or you are okay with taking taxis ($) frequently.	
Oct 2 2005	Awesome place!	We stayed here August 7th &amp; 8th. This was our first trip to New York City and we were very impressed with the service, upkeep and location of this hotel. This is in the financial district of Manhattan, within walking distance of the World Trade Center. Since we drove out to New York we needed to take most of our belongings into the hotel with us because, although we could get our car whenever we wanted, it would take approx. 30 min. Not a problem because we could walk, take the subway or the Grayline tour bus. The consierges were friendly and very helpful. There was a managers welcome every evening for 2 hours that included free appetizers and drinks. The rooms were very roomy and clean. The continental breakfast was the biggest variety and best we've ever had. There was your typical breakfast foods, cereals, fruits, bagels, etc. plus you could order omelets. The price was resonable as far as New York City hotel prices go. Check the hotel for specials they run. We found one for Sunday night. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 2 2005	Loved Embassy Suites	A value for money, stylish, hotel, with comfy rooms, an excellent breakfast included in the price and a free drinks reception every night. The neighbourhood felt safe, we travelled by subway easily and cheaply, enjoyed the location and loved the design of this unusual hotel. Would definitely stay here again, for the spacious room, comfy beds, bathrobes, comfortable bathrooms, helpful staff, value for money price - no issues at all with this hotel.	
Sep 29 2005	Wonderful Hotel	My Sister and I recently stayed at the Embassy. We took the red eye in from CA and when we arrived we were completely wiped out. When we arrived at 7am our room was not ready and we knew that would be the case. The Front desk called us as soon as our room was ready and we were able to check in around 10am. The concierge was very helpful and without them we would have been lost. The bell staff was very friendly and always said hi to us. I absolutely loved this hotel and can’t wait to go back.	
Sep 28 2005	Excellent!	A wonderful hotel. The facilities were perfect - a real suite (with actual walls between rooms) at a reasonable (for NYC) price! The staff was outstanding - friendly and very responsive. The location is a bit out of the way, but it's only a few blocks away from Tribeca and the Financial District, and a quick cab or subway ride from everywhere else. Ideal for families. We'll definitely stay there again next time we're in New York.	
Sep 27 2005	Perfect Room	This is an excellent hotel in a very nice area. It's a safe neighborhood with shopping and food very close by -- lots of cabs and limos too, so it's really easy to get around. It was only about one block from the WTC site, so it's not as 'out of the way' as some people seem to think. Staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. The rooms were clean, spacious and quiet. We were on the 7th floor with a very nice harbor view. All in all it was a better experience than we expected.The only issue I have is the cost. It may just be a New York thing, and one can certainly find cheaper hotels, but it was a pretty expensive room. Valet parking was $50 for the night -- which is also pretty expensive. Taxes were very high and added quite a lot to the total cost. But, all in all, you get what you pay for. I will definitely stay here again when I'm in NY.	
Sep 20 2005	A real find!	We stayed at this hotel as a result of the reviews we'd read on this site and weren't disappointed. Although the room didn't have the best of views (looking towards tower blocks rather than the Hudson), it was spacious, clean and we weren't bothered by noise from adjoining rooms. The desk staff were helpful and the free breakfast was plentiful, even if there was a bit of a scrum to get to it! At the end of our stay the doorman even offered to get a limo to take us to the airport when we asked if he could call us a cab, and didn't charge us any extra for it. The on site restaurants were also good and worth a trip if your legs won't take you any further after a hard day's sight seeing. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Sep 16 2005	Great stay in a great hotel...	We stayed at the hotel 4 days and the experience was great, we loved the hotel, it has big rooms, well furnitured, very clean and with nice views, and staff is very frendly, always ready to help you.....Location is best, 8-10 minutes walking distance to subway. lots of things to do and to see around. Comlimentary breakfast in the morning is nice. Don't know what to write more besides that our stay at Embassy Suits was excellent and we would definitely stay there again....I hope it will help you to make up your mind and choose Embassy Suite Hotel for your stay in New York City, because it took me a while to choose the right hotel (I am very fussy) in NYC having bad experiense from past and I am very happy that we've chosen Embassy Suites for our romantic trip.	
Sep 7 2005	fantastic viewsfantastic staff	my 16 year old daughter and I were treated to a 5 night stay from 26th to 31st August, I was a little worried about our safety two ladies in NY alone how silly everyone is so friendly and helpful. the staff are friendly and go out of their way to give you a very hospitable stay, we had a room on the 12th floor overlooking the hudson [you can even see the statue of liberty as you can from the breakfast room], our suite was clean with a very large bed and plenty [8] pillows all plump and feather [take note london hoteliers]. the courtesy breakfast is good and is a nice touch. the free managers reception 5.30 - 7.30 every evening is a great idea and very welcoming. we travelled across to staten island [good photos of statue of liberty] [and its free] and took a bus to midland beach that was lovlely clean and safe for swimming. we then got a bus to Brooklyn and then another bus to coney island [the beach and boardwalk are lovely, the fair scary[the people not the rides] Nathan's hotdogs were a let down].a 5min walk from the hotel across ground zero is century 21 we were disappointed by this store but do visit krispy kreme doughnuts these are so ridiculously priced in Harrods [london] and its 2 dollars 60 for 2 doughnuts and a coffee in NY, we will never q in harrods again. Can't wait visit again and we will only stay at the embassy suites. [by the way it is approz $12 dollars to central park area, Bloomingdales, Times Square] and $70 to Newark [incl tips and tolls].	
Sep 7 2005	Great place to stay	Have just returned from 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites and was not disappointed. We are a family of four (two sons 18 and 21) and it was perfect for us. The location is lovely, with the front of the hotel facing the Hudson river and the riverside walkways and gardens were a lovely relaxing change after the fast pace of Times Square and midtown. The rooms were clean and the apartment spacious. We all appreciated the convenience of a self service breakfast with everything you could wish for including made to order egg dishes and pancakes. We loved the free drinks in the evening. I was drinking Long Island Iced Tea and beers and they were free! That was a great way to unwind after a long day's sightseeing.Must does: Wander around Central Park - very beautiful and relaxing.Go to the top of the Empire State Building at sunset if possible. Long queues but worth it. Take a boat trip round the Statue of Liberty. You don't need to get off if you don't want too. Or alternatively for free you can take the Staten Island ferry and this gives you good views of the statue although not quite as near.We mainly took cabs up to Times Square - plenty available around the hotel and not expensive - 10 - 15 dollars for all of us. Chevy's is decent restaurant if you don't want to wander farAll in all great break and would stop at Embassy Suites again for sure.	
Aug 28 2005	Very Nice!	Highly recommend this hotel, will stay here again, nice views and very good breakfast, getting around really wasn't a problem. Chevy's onsite restaurant was very good also. I would also spend the extra money for a harbor view.	
Aug 28 2005	Nice part of town	We decided to stay here despite the out of the way location mentioned by many posters. We quickly learned the bus system (7 day pass a must!!) and really enjoyed coming back to this quiet oasis at the end of the day. The breakfast and evening reception were great. The front desk leaves a bit to be desired (assigned a room on a low floor after requesting high and told to come back only to find a different clerk who refused to move us). We went to the concierge desk which is located right next to the front desk and a clerk came over and said oh, they are &quot;on break&quot;, the next time--&quot;they are in a meeting&quot; or &quot;they are counting money&quot; only to have another clerk who was standing at the front desk come over and suddenly become the concierge. I felt very uncomfortable asking them for directions or suggestions because they always made you feel like you were bothering them. They also gave us wrong directions twice!!! The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the bellman are really great.	
Aug 21 2005	Superb!!	This was our first trip to New York, and were very unsure about where to stay. We chose the Embassy Suites because it had very good reviews on Trip Advisor, although we were a bit concerned about it's location.After a brilliant 6 night stay I cannot praise this hotel enough, from the very spacious room to the various restauraunts within the complex, it was all fantastic. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and plan on staying again. The location was fine, reasonably quiet but only a subway's ride to all the major attractions.	
Aug 20 2005	not bad but don't rely on the freebies	this was a good location and the trip from jfk was pretty good.Breakfast was very good but it could get uncomfortably crowded.the layout for breakfast was pretty poor,it means there is always crowd at the door and it is difficult to negotiate with young children.The free drinks, forget it if you are there at the weekend,you have to queue for twenty to thirty minute to get your two drinks and then its time to start again. Snacks,stale pretzels and chips and dip. Not worth waiting for.Weekdays it is way calmer.It is good to have a cinema in the complex.An ok place but pretty small quite out of the way and not all it could be. People on this site are wildly over enthusaistic	
Aug 17 2005	I'm glad we chose this hotel in New York	Our family stayed in this hotel from 8th to the 15th of August 2005. We had a suite on the top floor (the 15th). The suite consisted of a bedroom with two double beds and a separate room with a bed settee, microwave oven, tea/coffee making facilities, etc all of which suited our family of two adults and two teenagers (aged 14 and 17).Every morning we had the complimentary breakfast which really set us up for the day. We all loved the fresh fruit, cereal and fry (there was much more to choose from but we couldn't eat any more)!. Each evening free drinks were served between 5.30 pm until 7.30 pm - this also was great.We were a ten minute walk away from the subway. We bought a weekly ticket and travelled all over Manhattan by subway. The only fault we had with this was the heat on the platforms while waiting for the trains - Luckily the trains all had air conditioning. One night we went to the cinema which was in the hotel complex. It was great having it on site.All the staff in the hotel were polite and friendly giving us advice when required regarding travelling back to the airport, etc. Our kids loved the free internet booths in the hotel foyer.We would definately recommed this hotel for anyone looking for good quality accomodation away from the noise and conjestion found in other parts of Manhattan. - All in all a great hotel!	
Aug 13 2005	Worth staying at	The hotel is very nice, with large spacious rooms. It was one of the few hotels in New York that could accommodate 3 adults in 3 seperate beds (2 double beds in the bedroom and 1 double sofa bed in the lounge). The suite included a kitchen area with microwave and tea/coffee making facilities. There is also a mini bar and 2 large TVs, with many channels (1 in the lounge and 1 in the bedroom).The staff were very friendly and helpful. Free freshly cooked breakfast and 2 hours of free drinks, each evening, add to the appeal of this hotel.The only downside is the location. Being in the Financial District (next to ground zero), it is a bit out of the way, but we knew that when we booked so can't really complain. I have stayed there twice now and would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 9 2005	Great family hotel location is the only minus	The hotel itself is outstanding. It sits a block of the Hudson and is close to anything in lower Manhattan. Access to the Hudson River Park is also a huge plus - great for jogging and biking.Rooms are modern, spacious and clean. The only complaint was the location. If you are planning on shopping and shows, prepare to travel. But if you want a great hotel at a reasonable rate, its worth making the trek uptown and back.	
Aug 8 2005	Loved the Embassy Suites	Our family spent four restful days at the Embassy Suites Manhattan last month. Our one-bedroom suite was clean, spacious and very quiet. We had an excellent view of the Hudson River. The complimentary breakfast was delicious and the staff was very professional and accommodating. I highly recommend the Embassy Suites Manhattan.	
Aug 6 2005	Magnificent	My family and I simply enjoyed our stay in the Embassy Suites New York City, The location is perfect on the waterfront, we were able to walk to The Financial District, Battery Park, with access to the Statue of Liberty. The hotel is magnificent. Beautifully decorated. The service is incredible with a wonderful breakfast spread consisting of fresh fruits, pastries omeletts etc.Overall I would say this is one of the best hotels we have had the pleasure to stay in.	
Aug 5 2005	Recommended definitely!	Our family of four - mum, dad and two teenagers - stayed at the Embassy Suites from 26 July to 4 August 2005. We thought it was just great. We booked through the Hilton group website and got a good, competitive rate and prebooked a river view room.Our 8th floor suite looked out onto the Hudson and consisted of a main bedroom with kingsize bed, a lounge room with foldout (comfortable) sofa bed for two, and a good bathroom. Staff very friendly and helpful. The breakfast is excellent - busy at 9am but not a real problem even at that time - and the two hour free drinks reception each evening is a nice touch. Overall, I could not fault it and would definitely stay again.In the same building as the hotel are several restaurants: none of which are anything to write home about but not at all bad. There's also a deli/bagel shop and - kids loved this - a multiscreen cinema. World Financial Center is literally across Vesey Street and that has some useful shops, takeaways and restaurants too if you don't want to stray too far.The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk to Chambers Street subway and midtown is only about 10 minutes from there. At $24 for a week-long unlimited use Metrocard for the subway and bus network, travel is really easy. You can always get a cab or bus (there is a stop for a few routes just outside the hotel), but traffic is such that this takes much longer if you plan to go any distance. Ground Zero is two minutes on foot (and in fact you'll walk right across it on a temporary footbridge to get to Church Street, Century 21 store, etc). Battery Park is an easy walk along the splendid riverfront promenade, and really just about anywhere in downtown Manhattan - even Chinatown and South Street Seaport - can be walked from the Embassy.We're really glad we chose to stay where we did, rather than say the Times Square area. So much more relaxed.We'll be back!	
Jul 25 2005	New York's best un-hip hotel	My boyfriend and I live in the city but had to stay in a hotel for a week with our dog while our apartment was being worked on. The Embassy Suites was one of the only dog friendly hotels that had room available that week. We loved it! While it is not at all &quot;hip&quot;- the suites are huge for the price, comfortable, tastefully decorated and the location is just great. You are right on the water and at the edge of Battery Park where you can run, skate, relax on the grass, look at the Statue of Liberty or watch the sun set. The beds and pillows are goose down, the food from room service was delicious and you can't beat the free happy hour from 5:30-7:30. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't need a scene and wants a lot of room for their money. the hotel seemed to be very popular with families.	
Jul 22 2005	Excellent hotel and service	An excellent hotel with superb staff.When we arrived we were met by the bellboy and shown to our room only to find it was occupied when we got there. The other people had requested a transfer and were in the process of moving. A quick call from the bellboy to reception and two minutes later we were on our way to a new room.We stayed here on the last leg of a 3 center trip and my wife uses a wheelchair so with three people, two weeks luggage and a wheelchair to get to the airport I thought a taxi would be too small.I'd noticed an advert on the plane coming from Crown Limos offering limos from Manhatten to JFK for $60 (there was also an advert in some literature in the suite). The day before we were leaving I ordered a limo for 2pm. By 2:10pm there was no sign and our anxiety increased when we saw another family were also clock watching, waiting for Crown.There was a privately owned limo standing a the front of the hotel and the bellboys had a word and told us he could take us. When the concierge phoned Crown to be told they would be at least another 20 minutes the offer was gladly accepted.An excellent hotel with superb staff (especially when things don't go according to plan) but if you are tempted by Crown Limos adverts remember the old adage &quot;if you pay peanuts you get monkeys&quot;.	
Jul 21 2005	Great location	Overall we had a great stay at the Embassy Suites in Lower Manhattan. We enjoyed it being in a quieter location than downtown. However, be prepared to spend a lot on taxi fare or learn to ride the Subway. We walked to Ground Zero, St. Paul's church, Battery Park and don't miss the Jewish Heritage Museum just a few blocks away. The breakfast was fantastic. The housekeeping service could have been better. There were five of us staying in a suite (which is smaller than we expected) and we had to constantly ask for more towels, wash cloths, paper products, etc. We had a wonderful stay in New York. We booked a tour on the New York party shuttle. It was a semi private tour in an air conditioned bus with a great tour guide (Robert). It was six hours - part riding - part walking and then we were let off at the Empire State building to spend a couple of hours there. Money well spent to get a real feel for New York.	
Jul 20 2005	Good for families	This past weekend I spent two nights at the Embassy Suites hotel at North End Avenue in New York City, near the WTC site. The hotel offers two rooms, one comprised of two double beds and the other a queen fold-out sofa, table with chairs and microwave and mini-bar in a wet sink. The suite was immaculate and sizeable, with televisions in both rooms and ample storage space on the bedroom. We arrived four hours before check-in and were able to get valet parking for our car ($60/day since it's an SUV) and spend the afternoon sightseeing. Check-in is at 4:00- they checked our bags and did a pre-check-in so it worked out well. We attended the complimentary happy hour and it was fine, rather noisy and fun. The complimentary breakfast is excellent- omelets made to order plus just about anything else you could want to eat. The staff was friendly and helpful and the suite was quiet. The hotel is about three blocks from the Chambers subway stop and you pass through a pedestrian walkway over the WTC site on your way to Chambers. There is a gorgeous view of the Hudson River on one side of the hotel, and across the street there is a lovely playground beside the river, with a view of the Statue of Liberty. I would definitely stay here again if I brough my kids to NYC- definitely more to my taste than hotels in the Times Square area.	
Jul 12 2005	Service was fantastic!	We spent 6 nights at the Embassy Suites. The service was impeccable! All the staff were professional and courteous. One morning, I was eating breakfast alone with my 2 year old. It was difficult to keep getting up to serve myself, one of the staff actually came over to my table and asked if I needed any help or if he could get me another plate. How considerate! The breakfast was excellent. I noticed that there were 2 movies charged to my room in error. My 11 year old son ordered a video game one night and ordered the movies in error, the desk clerk accepted my explanation and removed the movies from my room charge immediately. I ordered a crib and refrigerator for my room and they were delivered within minutes. They really go out of their way for their customers. The only thing that needs to be changed is the carpet in our room was somewhat worn and stained and the furniture was outdated. Other than that, you will not be disappointed at the Embassy Suites.	
Jul 6 2005	Loved The Embassy Suites New York	We loved the Embassy Suites New York! We had a 2 room suite with 2 double beds and a queen sofa sleeper. Our family of six included my husband and I and 4 daughters 15, 17, 18 and 21. We never felt cramped in the room. The great free breakfast saved us a lot of money and time. The girls just rolled out of bed and went down to breakfast with us. There was something for everyone. Some of us got in the made to order omelot, oat meal, and pancake line and others went to the hot buffet line which had scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, yogurt, grapes, bagels, juice, milk and more. By the time the girls finished breakfast they were actually awake and would then go back up to the room and quickly get ready for the day.My oldest daughter said her favorite thing in New York City was the hotel and the hotel breakfast!The area of the hotel is very nice and quiet and peaceful. There are many things to see in the area and we bought the one day subway and bus passes for $7 on Sat and Sunday and were able to get to midtown and upper Manhattan and back fairly easily. The M20 Bus is great and the bus stops right across the street from the hotel, around the corner from the front door. We also took the free connection bus to the South Street Seaport and Battery Park. The stop is also across from the Hotel near the M20 stop. We got the Bus schedule for all busses at the information desk of Grand Central terminal. It shows all the bus routes on a map and then gives when the bus runs and how often for different times of day AM, afternoon, evening, night. The actual times and routes are also posted on the posts with the bus stop signs. some buses go uptown on one street and downtown (lower manhattan) on another. We never really rode buses before but got the hang of it after awhile. We only took a taxi once and we actually needed two for the six of us. We were going to see All Shook Up on Broadway and were running too late to take a bus or subway. It was about $15 per taxi including tip from the hotel to Broadway and 46th St. The girls had never been in a taxi before and thought it was cool zipping around in and out of the traffic. The show was lively and we all liked it, especially the girls. We sat in the upper balcony, the $19.55 seats and the view was fine Everyone in the balcony kind of leans forward to get a good view. The price was right and we had fun walking around in the crowds on Times Square under the bright lights after the show. We took the M20 bus back to the hotel after the show.We also took the subway several times, only the subway station is farther from the hotel and we felt better walking across the street to the hotel from the bus stop in the dark rather than several blocks from the subway station. Also the subway trains were air conditioned but the stations where you wait were not and were often very hot! We got the subway map from the front desk at Embassy suites. We also got a nice map of all of Manhattan (with large print you could actually read) at the front desk. There was a pad of them on the counter and you could just tear one off and take it. We drove over to Brooklyn Friady night and my husband drove around differnt areas of Manhattan on Sun and Monday. He ended up with a $35.00 parking ticket on Sunday. He also got honked at a lot and almost hit a few times. I would recommend other modes of transportation! He somehow found a place to park free on the street two of our nights and put the car in a parking garage nearby one night for about $35.00We had a city view out our window but when we walked from our room to the elevator we had an awesome view of the water and a small park next to the hotel. I don't think you need to pay extra for a view. We were mainly in our room to sleep and dress so we rarely even opened our curtains.We felt pretty safe just about everywhere we went in New York City. We walked quite a bit. It is easier to get a feel for the neighborhoods by walking.	
Jul 1 2005	Embassy Suites Update	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Embassy Suites in NYC. I wanted to write a review as I booked this stay based on other reviews on this hotel. Due to the length of our stay, we were able to experience all that the hotel had to offer, even the greedy bellhops and unhelpful concierge. We paid extra ahead of time for a water view and we got that plus a great construction site view. Considering we paid $315 a night, we made sure to make every breakfast which was well worth the money and two nights at the manager's reception, which was also great. The location of this hotel does require a bit of walking if you are using the subway system which is so easy to use once you actually find the stop. We would have been lost if we did not have the map we picked up downstairs. As I mentioned earlier, the concierge was not very approachable as she seemed more concerned with looking at some computer screen than actually providing help to the guests. Never did find the free shuttle mentioned in other reviews. Got to shop the area, Century 21, the discount store is a crowded store, would recommend Conway which is also nearby. Also shopped the DSW store which was convenient, but at $10 a ticket for the movie theatre, that was not an option. Bagel shop downstairs is a good option, the other resturants are standard. If you pay less that we did for this hotel, you've got a great deal, if not, look around.	
Jun 29 2005	loved embassy suites	WOW. I almost don't want too many people to hear about how terrific this hotel is, out of fear that the prices will rise. But the place had such a good feeling and the mgt. and staff were so great that I want to share our experience. I stayed there with my husband and two teenaged sons, to show the kids Manhatten before going to a wedding in New Jersey. First, let me say that I am very picky--usually stay at Westins or upscale Hiltons. But we didn't want to pay those prices for four people in Manhatten, so we compromised. The hotel is not luxury class, but that being said the beds were very good, the suite was spacious, there was no bothersome noise from neighboring suites, the shower was great, and the housekeeping was immaculate. We slept really well. Breakfast was terrific. The whole feeling of the place was peaceful. We arrived very late at night--so didn't get a harbor view. We were on the 8th floor facing the street, and the only tiny negative was a bit of trafffic noise. But it was not bad at all. We will never stay anywhere else in nyc when travelling with our teenagers. One word of advice: DON'T RENT A CAR AT THE AIRPORT AND TAKE IT TO THE CITY. WE SHOULD HAVE PARKED AT A TRAIN STATION IN NEW JERSEY AND TAKEN A TRAIN TO THE CITY. We needed a car t get into NJ after our stay, but left it parked in a public lot two blocks from the Embassy Suites. It was $35/ngt. as compared to $50/ngt at the hotel. A cab from the Guggenheim (E. 81st st.) to the hotel was only $20.	
Jun 21 2005	Made our 1st NY trip incredible	We stayed at the Embassy for four nights and could not have been more satisfied. Being our first trip to New York, we did not know what to expect. Upon arrival, we were very excited to see that our hotel was located in such a peaceful, beautiful part of town. The Hudson River outside our window was quite a site to see. The rooms were very spacious and clean and the entire staff, especially the conceigre, were extremely pleasant and very helpful. Free breakfast was a definite plus, but be sure to get there before nine unless you want to wait in long lines. Same thing goes for the free drinks, be sure to arrive earlier. We were worried about transportation towards the city, but cabs (very reasonable fares) and buses were always readily available outside the hotel as well as the subway being nearby. Sightseeing was very accessible and I would highly recommend taking a ferry ride along the river via New York Waterways. We even took one right to the game at Yankee Stadium. Little Italy and Chinatown are very close by and definitly worth the visit. Our ages ranged from 18-45, and we were all very happy with the hotel, especially compared to those located in the much busier areas of the city. We plan to stay again during our next visit!	
Jun 21 2005	Embassy Suites	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at in New York!!!! The service was excellent they were on top of every thing... Had a great time in New York the hotel made if a 100 times better .. Just a few steps away from the hotel their was the water and a beautiful garden!!! : )	
Jun 18 2005	A great trip	we stayed at the above hotel in February of this year and we had a wonderful time. This was our third trip to this city but our first to this hotel.The hotel was of an excellent standard, very clean and comfortable suites with a tiny kitchen area separating the lounge and bedroom area.We enjoyed the free buffet breakfast on both mornings of our stay, an all you can eat affair with both meat and vegatarian options. There was also an excellent omelette station too!Also at 5-7p.m each night is free drinks from the bar.The hotel overlooks ground zero, with a subway station about 1/2 a mile walk. There is a small mall across the road too, with a few restaurants and Starbucks coffee shop. In the hotel is a Chevy's mexican restaurant , good food and with discount off when staying at the hotel.There is also a bagel bar and cinema complex very close by.From the lobby of the hotel is the river and about 20min walk down river, is Battery park where you can take the ferry to The Statue of Liberty, a very pleasant walk on a beautiful crisp February morning ( only -10 o c)!!We visited all the major attractions and took an helicopter ride over the skyscrapers a great way to see this FANTASTIC city.Our 6 year old son had a brilliant time in New York his favourite being F A O Schwartz and ice skating in Central Park.Our only other comments would be , allow extra time for visiting the Empire state building and the Statue of Liberty as is very understandable , security checks are very tight.We had a corner suite in the hotel ( suite 1501), great we only had one set of neighbours as the walls are very thin and you can hear everything your neighbours are doing, if you get my drift.	
Jun 15 2005	I agree with the praise!	We thoroughly enjoyed our 5 night stay in early May. I'm SO glad we chose a hotel in this quiet location rather than mid-town or uptown! We got around by subway only, and some days it was a tiring walk back to the hotel but still quite doable. We enjoyed things in the area: The World Financial Building (good meal at Au Manderin), the gorgeous walk along the Hudson to the ferry and a trip to the Statue of Liberty. It was even possible to take the car out for a drive to Brooklyn on a weekend, because it wasn't very far! The breakfast and evening reception were nice although the atmosphere was not up to the Embassy Suite standard we've found elsewhere (where we've found gorgeous, lush atriums). But after all, it IS NY!The rooms were comfortable and nicely furnished. It was expensive, and well worth it.	
Jun 1 2005	Calm and Quality in New York May 27th to 31st 2005	We had the dilema of a short holiday to please 2 Adults and teenage daughter and son and New York ticked all our boxes , shopping , restaurants , fabulous sights and music.As we like to sleep I chose the Embassy Suites solely on Trip Advisor comments and am delighted I did .We had a quad suite , two double beds &amp; sofa in lounge , it comfortably accomodated us all although if you want a Hudson River view you need to book a King Suite but these are not suitable for 4 adults in my view.The standards are high and staff excellent , room service and housekeeping is the best I have experienced and the breakfast superb , cooked to order omelettes,pancakes etc , also free drinks at 5.30pm.This was a holiday weekend and the hotel was full but it was not a problem if you are up early and out to beat the queues and see the wonderful sights.There are great restaurants across the road in the World Financial Centre and two on site , also gym , free fast internet access ( essential for a 15 year old ) and the concierge was brilliant.Being out of the centre is not a problem , we went everywhere by cab which costed in for four people , the drivers are amazing , one night we came back from Times Square in ten minutes , cost 14$.Also great to come back to a calm area after a day up town ,there is a lovely walk( if you have any energy left) along the Esplanade.I booked taxi tansfer via Dial 7 in advance basaed on a previous recommendation &amp; they were fine but didn't need to there were plenty around &amp; the hotel can fix it for you if required , one tip , if you are going back to Newark after 3.00pm allow over an hour due to traffic congestion.Overall , this is a great location in a fantastic city , saving up to return !	
May 30 2005 	Excellent!!	Stayed for a week for business - would come back again both for business and for pleasure.The rooms are SOOOO big - can easily accomodate 4 people. Rooms are very clean and very comfortable. The lobby area/central meeting area were very nice too. If you are lucky - you can get a room with amazing views across the Hudson. Staff are friendly and bell boys didn't even hint at tips! The location was great too - about 4 stops from Empire state and 2 minute walk from Ground zero....There are some nice restaurants and bars within 10 minute walk from the hotel. Once again, higly recommended	
May 30 2005	We enjoyed staying hear	We stayed here 2 nights from the 23 to 25 May 2005. The first immpression the lobby was a let down for a Flagship hotel I expected it to be far more elaborate but the room was great! We had a room facing the Hudson and the evening views were just wonderful. The rooms were very spacious for NYC rooms. Beds were comfortable, Bathrooms were clean, good towels, nice bathroom products. The coffee was drinkable as was the tea. The microwave was a nice touch for popcorn. The only negative point has been raised here on more than one occasion it is a little loud or thin skined - if you have noisy neighbours you are going to know about it. The breakfast came up to expectaions even with a whole lot of Navy personal preparing Fleet week staying there it was never a problem with keeping the buffet fully stocked. (I was simply implying that the Navy folks had a healthy appetite)Unfortunatly we didn't get to go to the Managers do - we arrived too late the first night and were absolutly beat the second night.The subway is definatly the fastest way to get around with out needing your lifes savings........ The nearest station is around the corner on the other side of the WTC site and if you are like me and are a little aprehensive because of what you have seen or heard about the subway (to many movies) - well ok it is not the cleanest or prettiest place but we felt safe and the people were always friendly and helped if those stupid tourist looked lost again...... Oh yes if you are going to be in NYC for a few days get those 7 day passes it is worth it.WTC site if you want to visit the site and see what is going to be done there in the future - visit the lobby of the financial center across the street from the Embassy. Another site you won't want to miss &amp; it is in walking distance is St. Pauls Chapel (It has a story all of it's own to tell)Statue of Liberty / Eillis Island / Battery ParkTake a walk down on the Promenade it is about a 15 min stroll and the Holocaust museum is on the way down.If you are tight for time and only have a day or two I suggest you take one of those hop on hop off tours being offered to get in as many places a you can. Catch the subway to Times square and you will see the gentleman selling tickets for these tours. However the guides on the buses speak their own lingo (I am not sure it was english - I understand it was NYC something or other and they speak it at quite a pace.Getting to the hotel from Newark is rather expensive with a NJ cab - with tolls and tips it is about 70 USD a cheaper alternative from the airport is the Supershuttle. However forget them on your way back use a cab!!!! The hotel had warned us that they were not reliable on the way back. Here is our experiance - We had an appointment at the Marriott at Liberty Newark airport at 3:15 pm so to be on the safe side we ordered our Supershuttle for 2:00pm at 2:45pm we were still sitting waiting at the Embassy at which time we decided to take a NYC cab this time it was a little cheaper about 60 USD with tolls &amp; tip. JFK &amp; LA Guardia have set rates from the airport to a Manhatten location of 45 USD plus tip.As a last note if you are travelling to NY with family then the Embassy is a good choice - shop around for a good rate as rates are getting more expensive in NYC again.	
May 25 2005	Fantastic hotel - perfect location	We have just come back from a fantastic week in NY city, this week was for my husbands 30th birthday present.Firstly thr hotel has a lovely spacious reception area and very friendly concierge service. The views over the Hudson are lovely. The rooms are spacious and clean with very comfortable king size beds and a lovely dining room. The staff are all extremley friendly and helpful.The breakfast as everyone has mentioned is fantastic, with eveything that you could want from fresh fruit, fresh pancakes, omlettes etc.Plus the complimentary drinks are great way to start the evening, you can have anything you want from behind the bar and as many as you want too! All I would say is just bear in mind how hard the staff work and give them fair tips.The hotel is in a great location just opposite the World Financial Centre which has some lovely resuraunts espacially the Grill on the first floor which has amazing skyline views, and also the Steamers Landing just along the Esplanade has great views and food also	
May 5 2005	LIVED UP TO EXPECTATIONS	We stayed at the Embassy suites for 4 nights over last weekend.We picked this hotel due to the good reviews and also the free breakfast and evening drinks seemed a good deal.We were not disappointed.We asked for a harbour view room when we arrived having only booked a standard one.The staff on the front desk were very helpful and gave us a lovely room overlooking the Hudson with a view of the statue of liberty if you looked to the right.The suite was very spacious,clean and had everything you would need. The daily breakfasts are excellent. We never experienced any waiting for table problems or waiting for the hot food to be cooked.It does seem busier on Sat &amp; Sun but it was still OK. The evening cocktail party is also excellent.Any drink you want and loads of nibbles to keep you going. The location of the hotel is away from the hustle and bustle but getting up to midtown etc is very easy on the subway which is a 5 minute walk away.The nearest station is Chambers St.If you are there more than a few days it's worth getting a 7 day metrocard as it gives unlimited travel on the subway or bus for 7 days and only costs $24. We went to see a Broadway show and can highly recommend it.We went to see All shook up at the Palace Theatre.I booked the tickets on the web before we went and it only cost $20 per person. The show is excellent whether or not you are an Elvis fan.We would also recommend the Taxi firm Dial7.We booked on the web before we went and were quoted a price of $45 plus parking,tolls and tip.This was for 4 adults.Our flight was late landing but we just rang the freephone number they had given us when we booked and the Sedan car was there in 5 mins.The journey to the hotel took nearly an hour and the fare was $45 as promised.We also used them on the way back and the fare was the same.This is even less than the shuttle bus if 4 of you are travelling. Overall we would highly recommend the Embassy suites and will definately stay there again when we return to New York.	
May 5 2005	Would stay again!	The hotel was modern, peaceful and comfortable. The room easily accomodated 3 people (2 in the bedroom, 1 on the sofa bed) so it's a good way to cut costs, rather than having to book 2 rooms. Hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Was a bit concerned that this hotel is too 'out of the way' given its location in the financial district, but the good views of the Hudson River made it pleasant, and it's only about 10-15 minutes from Times Square by cab (which are cheap and a good way to see New York). Hotel is about 5 minutes from the World Trade Center site and also close to Century 21 - a cut price department store which is well worth a visit. Room had a mini bar and good choice of TV channels as well! Free breakfast and evening drinks are also a bonus. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2005	Great Value	We ( 3 adults) stayed at the Hotel for 4 nights in April. We found it to be a great location near Ground Zero approx 5 mins walk to the nearest subway, and Century 21. Its a quiet location, and although full we did not find the rooms noisy as other people have noted.Fab breakfasts, but get in early to avoid the rush.Great walks along the Hudson river.Cabs uptown to Central park for us Brits were very reasonable $15.00 , so we used them alot when loaded with shopping.Beds were comfortable and the rooms were supplied with everything one would need for a short break.Concierge very helpful and informative.Would stay there again when visiting NYC..	
Apr 28 2005	Wow!! From an Englishman in New York	I can thoroughly recommend this hotel. We stayed for 3 nights(Saturday, Sunday, Monday) and I will definately stay here again if we visit New York. We had a suite over-looking the Hudson river and it cost £155 per night for 2 adults &amp; 2 kids. The suite was spacious with a king-bed in the bedroom and a comfortable pull-out bed in the lounge area. No problem with noise at all. The best part of the weekend was The Tribeca Film Festival. This festival takes place in a cinema at the back of the hotel and during our visit many Hollywood stars were there including Robert De Niro, Nicole Kidman, Donald Sutherland, Sean Penn, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Gere - the list was endless. New York is fantastic!! We never felt threatened once, even travelling on the subway(underground) late at night. Get a Metrocard for $7 which is valid for all subways and buses for a day. Took my 11-year old son to see Yankees baseball, just $12 if you sit in The Bleachers part of the stadium. Breakfast at the hotel was very good, and the evening drinks reception excellant. Chevys restaurant serving Mexican food was very good, but I should avoid Applebees. Food there was expensive, but poor.All in all I can't recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Apr 27 2005	Embassy was okay	Spent a Saturday night at the Embassy suites with my wife and two young children. Overall we had a good experience. I like the location right off the west side highway and on the battery park esplanade. We had a large room on the top floor, so it should have been one of the best in the hotel. It was very large, but the carpeting was worn in places and the shower grout was dirty. So, the hotel shows its age a bit as well as attention to detailed cleaning. The free breakfast exceeded my expectations for quantity and quality but it was a very busy free-for-all. Maybe that's to be expected in NYC... The staff were all friendly.	
Apr 10 2005	A Fabulous Week	Thank you Embassy Suites for a fabulous week. We brought our two teenagers 4/3 - 4/6 for spring break. They had never been to New York. The room is designed for families and privacy. We arrived at 10:00 via a Jet Blue red eye from California, and when we requested early check in...they handed us the key. You definitely get bang for you buck at Embassy Suites because of the breakfast and managers reception. The maids did a great job in spite of two messy teenagers. It is so convenient having a movie theater, Chevy's, and Applebees right in the premises. (The Grande Cadillac Margaritas at Chevy's are the best) It was very refreshing to spend the day touring and then enjoy the peace and solace of Embassy Suites. Taxis are very reasonable, and the subway is right across from Ground Zero on Chambers St. A $21 subway pass will get you anywhere for a week. Don't miss the memorial at St. Pauls... very emotional. The concierge was very helpful and resourceful, and will set you up for anything you want to do in New York City. It was such a great feeling to sit and enjoy my breakfast on vacation and watch the drooves of people enter the World Trade Center building to start their busy day. We will be back in December...until then we will be New York dreamin!!!!!	
Apr 9 2005	Pretty nice	The room was very spacy and reasonably priced for a NYC room. The staff was friendly overall and everything was clean. For a nice priced hotel with plenty of space, I def. recommend this one. You shouldnt be disappointed....	
Apr 9 2005	More than a hotel	My Wife and I stayed here in February 2005 and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The suites were spacious and very clean. There is a small kitchen area which includes a microwave and coffee / tea making facilities. The bedroom was comfortable with plenty of room (not something that can be said of many New York hotels in this price range). The staff were very friendly and helpful but not intrusive. There are also facilities available for washing and drying clothes readily available on all floors. There are also vending machines for soft drinks that are a lot cheaper than the minibar. The breakfast is free for all guests and it is superb. You can have cereal, a full cooked breakfast (sausages, eggs, bacon etc), pancakes, croissants, bread, coffee, fruit juice, the list goes on and on. Just turn up in the restaurant and help yourself. The facilities are excellent too, including use of a gymnasium. All around the hotel are restaurants (Applebee's has a great atmosphere) and also a deli. In the World Financial Centre (opposite the hotel) there are shops and more eateries. The best part for us was the excellent cinema complex which you enter from inside the hotel, meaning that you can catch a film in the evening and not even have to walk back to your room. Overall, I would say that the Embassy Suites is perfect for seeing New York because you are close enough to get to all of the sights and attractions (4 minutes from the nearest Metro station) but far enough from them to get a good nights sleep. The hotel atrium is spectacular, providing stunning views of the Hudson. This was our first stay in New york and when we return we will stay at the Embassy Suites. It is More than a hotel, it felt like home. Not forgetting free drinks in the evening. What more could anyone ask for?	
Apr 5 2005	excellent	stayed here with my wife and 3 kids in november 2003.the rooms were large and the breakfast was good.enough to eat to take you through most of the day till lunch.the free bars every night were a bonus.next time i visit new york i will stay here	
Apr 2 2005	short stay	i can't say much for the area since we never left the hotel. we got there at 10 pm and left at noon the next day. i had booked the night well in advance and even called and confirmed our special requests the week before. i asked for a harbor view and a crib. i also asked if there was a fridge in the room and told yes. also when i got our e-mail confirmation they were charging and extra $30 for an extra person. so i asked them when we checked in about the extra charge since my daughter was only 18 months old. they took it off no problem. then we got up to our room. no crib, no fridge, and no harbor view. of course i didn't discover this all at once so there were several calls to the front desk. first they broght up a fridge, then they called and said they were out of cribs. so i threw a fit. one magicly apeared after that. then once i got my daughter settled i noticed no view. i didn't even want to bother with it at that time so i was just going to mention it at check out. we did use the mini bar and order a movie. expensive but we decided to splurge. my husband got a couple of beers at $3 a pop and the movie was $12. we did get charged for 3 beers instead of 2. when hubbie was pulling one out it bleeped twice. i don't know if they would have taken it off since i didn't even ask. since we stayed up until 3 in the morning watching to movie we didn't go to the complimentary breakfast. but here is the best part. when we went to check out i mentioned that we had trouble getting a crib and that we didn't get the harbor view we booked. i didn't really expect them to do much if anything at all. i was thinking maybe they would comp our $20 worth of extras. we did have to pay for the extras but the room was free. they said if i wasn't happy they weren't happy. so now i am extreamly happy. all said i would try them again.	
Mar 17 2005	The Best place in NYC	me and my husband and his mom went to our first trip to new york in feb 05 and stayed here. now, if u want quiet this is the place. if u want the city sounds and all that stay somewhere else.it is quiet, very quiet. it is out of the way from the other tourist must see places (time square, rock center, etc)but either way the hotel service was great. the breakfast was great-definitely a variety. the reception hour was also nice. the restaurant downstairs is a great mexican place and the hotel gives a discount. with it being so cold at night we didnt want to go anywhere after dark so we eat there( were only there 2 nights) they have a applebees on the other side of the hotel as well. the room was clean and the decor was very nice nothing bad about the place would definitely return!!!!!	
Mar 17 2005	Lots of value for little bitty money	My husband and I travel to NYC frequently and this is our favorite hotel so far. Gosh, where to start?Our room wasn't particularly luxurious but it was attractive and large for the $179 a night we paid. There's a bedroom and living area with a queen sofa sleeper, separated by a bathroom - the bathroom location is important if you're traveling with kids who might need to potty in the night. This means they won't be traipsing through your room to get to it.The hotel and room were both very clean and the staff was excellent.All guest receive complimentary use of the full-service gym attached to the hotel. This was an unexpected plus, as we are a gym family and had been resigned to the rudimentary facilities other hotels offer. After you work out, go enjoy the complimentary breakfast served each morning. And I'm not talking just coffee and muffins, but an extensive hot buffet, a large assortment of cereals, made to order omelets, fresh juice, pastries - the works. This alone made Embassy Suites well worth the stay.The hotel is in kind of a complex, with a movie theater, restaurants, bagel shops, and other stores. Across the street is a very cute urban mall for shopping and doodling around. Two blocks away is the subway and the Century 21, plus more shops and restaurants.The biggest complaint I had was that the internet service was VERY shaky and kept kicking me off every few minutes. There's a $10 daily charge for highspeed wireless that's ordered through a separate provider, not through Embassy Suites. Unless they get their act together, skip it.This is not a Times Square location and things close down fairly early in the Financial District. So if you want to party all night, be prepared to take a taxi. And there are no little grocers on every block like you see in other districts.But, all in all, a very nice hotel, super terrific amenities and a decent location for a low price. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 16 2005	Do not miss this gem	This was our first trip to NYC (11-15 Mar 05) and after a few hours of surfing the web for information on hotels i had shortlisted, i came across the information about the Embassy Suites on this site. The majority of the reviews for this hotel were excellent and from a wide range of people. Based on the information gained here and the hotels own website i booked for four nights for my wife and I. Both of us are light sleepers, however the fantastic location of this hotel meant that we had four good nights sleep partly assisted by jetlag! The noise from adjoining rooms was minimal and did not interfere with our sleep. The complimentry breakfast was very good, OK its served on melamine plates, but there is plenty of it, the coffee is good and the omelettes and pancakes cooked to order...the artifitial pancake syrup tasted like maple syrup to me! We never had any problems with queues, be it at 7am, or 8am but i guess thats a seasonable thing. All of the hotel staff we had contact with were very helpful and courtious and there is a constant flow of taxis outside. We generally used the bus system which runs from alongside the hotel, takes between 30 and 60 mins to get to the heart of the city depending on time of day. The 7 day unlimited metrocard gives unlimited use of subway and buses (24 dollars). After a long day uptown it was GREAT to get back and make use of the 2 hours complimentry drinks session, everything is free except for the voluntary 1 dollar tip, its well worth it and is highly recommended. Drinks are served in plastic containers but hey....its free, get over it! The rooms are very well appointed massive kingsize bed, two TV's, microwave, minibar (reasonably priced) and loads of space. If i HAD to pick a down point, and its a minor one really, the elevators can sometimes take a while arriving at peak times but i guess thats the same the world over. If i was to go back to NYC i WOULD DEFINATELY use this hotel again. I am a critical person so this statement is not given lightly.	
Mar 14 2005	Brilliant! Highly recommended	I stayed here at the Embassy Suites over New Years Eve for a week with my friend. It was fantastic. The rooms were amazing with lots of space and a great view of the river. The food was superb and everywhere was clean. We definitely made the most of the complimentary breakfast and free drinks of an evening. The hotel is a short walk to the riverside with great views and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from without even having to walk 2 minutes away. I would stay here again and again.	
Mar 11 2005	A Hotel I Will Come Back To	My husband and I went to NYC to visit my family in February 2005; and we wanted a hotel near my folks. We bought 4 nights through Hotwire for $169/night. At the time, that was about a $50 savings from all the travel web sites I’ve been to. (No, Hotwire does not show you the name of the hotel before you purchase; but we surmised from the description that it was Embassy Suites.) We did not drive to NYC (nor do you need to have a car in NYC); and therefore, do not know what the parking situation is like. However, I do recall seeing a few parking lots near the hotel. The hotel is right across the street from the World Financial Center and very close to the WTC site. The subway, which takes you to wherever you want to go in NYC (even JFK airport), is about 4 blocks away (Chambers Street Station). A few TripAdvisor writers have complained about the walk to the subway station, which really isn't that far. Listen, you are in a city, be prepared to walk to many of the places you want to go see. NYC has a fantastic public transportation system that New Yorkers themselves use everyday. They can take you close to, if not right to, the places you want to go. However, you still must be prepared to walk a bit in NYC. You can find subway and bus maps and information on the web site: -----.Anyway, back to the hotel. The front desk staff was extremely friendly, as was most of the staff at the hotel. We were never treated differently because of purchasing through Hotwire. In fact, without asking, we were upgraded to a wonderful suite overlooking the Hudson River.The suite is roomy. By NYC standards, it’s a good size. You definitely have room to stretch out. All the rooms were very clean. Décor is modern, with blond wood being the prominent theme. The bathroom is standard, with no surprises. Water pressure and hot water were never a problem when we were staying there. Bath and Body Works toiletries were a very nice touch. Housekeeping did a wonderful job. Our maid always made sure we had all the toiletries. The complimentary buffet breakfast was convenient with the selection being decent, although not very tasty. The hotel shares the building with a Regal Cinema, DSW Shoe Warehouse, and a few other restaurants, which may be convenient to some. We did contemplate a movie one night but decided against it because we were too tired.A few TripAdvisor writers have mentioned the walls being thin. I really did not hear much except when our neighbor flushed the toilet. My husband did hear our neighbor singing in the shower one day. But overall, we had a quiet room, with a great view, to come back to everyday. We had a very pleasant hotel experience; and I will try to get this hotel whenever we come back to NYC.	
Mar 9 2005	Fantastic service and cleanliness	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites for my 40th birthday last weekend - first time to New York, and was hoping it would be a birthday to remember. Embassy Suites did not fail my expectations. We've stayed in hotels around the world and this rates as one of our favourites.Views of the Hudson were amazing, especially at night. The rooms are more spacious than any we've stayed at back in the UK. Breakfast in the morning had everything you needed for the day ahead. The manager's reception bar at night was fun - we made sure we didn't miss it, not only for the free drinks, but for the two girls behind the bar and to meet up with the friends we made stool side - they made our trip one of the friendliess ever. The staff couldn't do enough for us, and our room was cleaned and replenished first thing every morning. There were reasonably priced restaurants on the second floor and a cinema and shoe shop too! You get two tvs, safe, sink and coffee making facilities, comfy bed, a lounge, table and chairs and a paper delivered each morning. Don't use the phone in the room - it's expensive - buy a phone card from the hotel shop cost $5 and lasts ages.For location, it was in walking distance of the ferries and museums, and only a 10 minute walk to the red line 1-9 subway which took us right into the heart of the city. $2 each journey or $7 for a day pass. Yellow cabs were on call outside the hotel day and night. The area is quiet and we felt safe even very late at night.If you want hotel luxury, staff who bend over backwards to help you, good food and drink and a quiet night sleep - STAY HERE. Our only complaint --- we kept getting zapped by the lift buttons - the hotel was, as you could say, well and truly &quot;statically charged&quot;!!!!Well done everyone at The Embassy Suites.	
Mar 8 2005	Yet Another Satisfied Customer	We can only echo other travellers. This hotel is a gem: huge rooms, comfortable bed, excellent Lower Manhattan location with reasonable access to free and paid-for public transport, all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast and - introduced just last week - a FREE two hour Happy Hour in the bar from 5.30pm. This may be a limited offer!	
Feb 25 2005	*!!TOP MARKS!!*	We stayed at this hotel for 6 great nights.We had a lovely, clean spacious room with a glorious view of the Hudson River! The hotel catered for all our needs and more! The breakfasts were amazing! Pancakes, Muffins, doughnuts, fruit, bagels, full cooked-to-order breakfast! All included in the price!The staff were polite and helpful. If the walls were thin we didn't notice! Perhaps we just had considerate neighbours!There is close-by public transport. The whole hotel had a spacious open-plan feel to it...and it was great to have a free drink in the bar in early evening.Overall a fantastic hotel!!! TOP MARKS!* TIP: When booking see if you can get a suite with the river view...it's wonderful day and night!	
Feb 22 2005	Embassy Suites - Good Deal	We don't live far from Manhattan - about half hour drive north - but like to go for dinner and stay overnight sometimes for a treat. I went to Priceline on Friday night and typed in Sunday, Feb. 20 3-star upscale and put in $150 and was accepted by Embassy Suites on North Street in Lower Manhattan on the west side. We were pleasantly surpised when we arrived - check in was friendly, hotel was clean, bright, bigger than I thought although with a convention feel to it. Room was clean, nice size for Manhattan room and we had a nice view of the Hudson River and could even see The Statue of Libery to the left. Bed was VERY comfortable. Included in the price were free cocktails from 5:30 - 7:30 which we couldn't do because we had an early dinner reservation at 6:00 pm up on East 19th Street at Craft (fabulous!). Also included was breakfast which, I'm told by my fiance (since I was experiencing a bit of hangover) was a great set up. Eggs, pastries, bagels, etc. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 21 2005	Best NY Hotel I've stayed in 16 visits!	I travelled to NY a few weeks back on both business and pleasure. Every year my father and brothers travel to NY to shop and watch the Superbowl in Connolly's Bar (47th st). I had business from Wed-Fri and this hotel was in a great location for that. The WTC subway is 5 mins walk and gets you on all the main routes.For a vacation hotel I'd rate it very high also. This location is great! You don't want to be way up town, or near Times Square, theres nothing there but bright lights and theatre (ok if thats your thing). This hotel has a superb breakfast which is free to guests (and the occasional cop) and also has a free bar from 5:30pm to 7:30pm which is great after a long working day or a day spent walking the streets.We had 2 rooms together on the 11th floor, that Atrium!! Let me tell you its awesome. All the rooms are huge with seperate lounge/bedroom, 2 great TV's, bathrobes and a free newspaper every morning.There is a cinema in the same block and great restaurants and deli's within sight of the front or back door.5 guys went on this trip and had a great time! Thanks Embassy Suites NY.	
Feb 18 2005	Embassy Suites great for Nana and her girls	Just returned from my third trip to THE BIG APPLE and found the Embassy Suites to be the best, I took my Daughter and two teenage Grandaughters and we had a great time ,On Arrival at the Embassey Suites we found the staff friendly and efficient whilst dealing with our numerous enquiries, , The room was of good size with a completly independant lounge area, and the super hot/cold buffet breakfast was a great plus just the thing to set us up for a day of shopping and sightseeing , oh and the area was excellent to,as 4 females we felt quite safe with nice walkways by the hudson river and the world financial centre across from the hotel with many restaurants and shops , great trip cant wait to go back Nana Mitch, From Preston Lancashire UK	
Jan 18 2005	Awesome!	Just back from a two night stay at Embassy Suites. When we first checked in, I got a little nervous because they had sold out of &quot;double&quot; suites (two double beds in bedroom and pull-out sofa bed in the other room) which is what we reserved to accommodate the five of us. They also had run out of roll-a-way beds. However, they upgraded our room to an Executive Suite (1 King and sofa bed) and did not charge us for the night. We had a corner suite which was much larger than the regular suites and the next night we got the roll-a-way free of charge as well. Service was excellent from the bellman to housekeeping to the concierge, to the front desk -- all were friendly and efficient. We look forward to staying here again.	
Jan 12 2005	Minutes From The Action......But Not Too Close!!	We had the pleasure of staying at The Embassy Suites the weekend before Christmas 2004. The hotel is huge with the feeling of a conference centre. So if its intimate country hotel your looking for maybe this isn't for you. Now on the positive side, the rooms were great, large living room with kitchen containing all essentials and a bedroom containing the biggest bed I have ever slept in !! (and very comfortable too) The staff were also very friendly and when we asked for 'a room with a view' boy did we get it!! On opening the curtains we looked out across the River Hudson with uninterrupted views to New Jersey, wonderful. The free breakfast and free evening happy hour were a definite plus. Good quality food and plenty of it at breakfast time and the same with the free drinks in the evening. The location of the hotel is excellent, within easy walking distance of Battery Park and the Liberty Island ferry. But just far enough away from the madness of Times Square, about a 15 minute taxi ride $10 - $15. This hotel provides great value, with good size rooms and a great location.	
Jan 8 2005	This is a great hotel	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the embassy suites.You really do get great value for money at this hotel. A very clean, bright, modern hotel with very helpful and cheerful staff.The decor might not be to everyones taste but it grows on you and we loved the modern design, contemporary artwork and furnishings.The room was spotless and the bed was extremely comfortable. An amazing selection of food for breakfast at a self service buffet. Easy access to uptown, and plenty to see and do around the hotel. The thin walls could be a problem for some people, it didn't bother us too much, but one night we could hear every word of a neighbours conversation and they weren't talking loudly!If it wasn't for the thin walls, with a harbour view room I would rate this a 5 star hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will return.	
Jan 6 2005	Not too shabby!	Stayed here 28/12 for 4 nights. Very good hotel for the money - OK the location isn't too central but Chamber subway is a short walk away, as is a deli, pizza place, etc. Staff friendly and efficient. Rooms are of a good size and the microwave was handy. Definetely try for a river view suite if you can (we couldn't upgrade as they were all booked). Living area was nice (couch etc.) - one TV in there and one in the bedroom. Bed was large and very comfortable. Don't bother with the TV internet though - most sites won't work with it and it's so awkward to use you'll want to through the keyboard at the TV! Great hotel for the money.	
Jan 6 2005	Nice Hotel ~ average bang for your buck!	My boyfriend and I stayed there from Dec. 26th, 04 until Jan. 2, 05. We loved the extra space Embassy offered. It was great not to be confined into one room. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. They offered every guest an awesome breakfast (you just had to stand in lines and deal wth people) The gym was decent, I think NYC gyms in general are pretty dingy. The rooms weren't as sound proof as we would have hoped, but I guess rude neighbors are ideal either. We got a great deal through the hotel for about $60 a night savings. (NYC has high taxes, our averaged $30/night) We were pleased with this hotel and would consider staying here again.	
Jan 5 2005	Nice Place great stay	I had a working vacation / wedding weekend at the suites and the staff was great, very helpful. However, one bell man made it real clear he wanted a tip, when we left our bags at the hotel after we checked out. The rooms were nice, however wedding guests were spread through out the hotel and not group together.	
Jan 3 2005	Wonderful Stay	Just returned from a wonderful stay Dec 30-Jan 2. Terrific experience for our first trip to New York! Check in was very smooth, even had our suite ready a few hours early. The suites were extremely clean and spacious, very modern design with everything we needed. Offered a great view of the Hudson, could have spent hours just looking out the window. No issues with noise as mentioned in other reviews. The breakfast was great, couldn't have asked for anything more -- the earlier the better as lines began to be thick the closer to 9 or 10. The location worked out perfectly, we were able to be in the midst of action and then return to a peaceful night's rest without the hustle and bustle. In addition to the cinema and DSW occupying the same building, the World Financial Center was just footsteps away with lots of shops and restaurants (even had an Eckerd for snacks, sodas, film, toiletries, etc) The nearest subway station was just a few blocks away. Taxi from LaGuardia on the way in was $45, town car on the way back was $35. Overall, great experience -- highly recommend it!	
Dec 31 2004	A Great Stay	We went to NYC in December '04 for a family vacation after Christmas. We had a great stay at Embassy Suites. It was really nice to look out at The Statue of Liberty and I especially loved that the streets were not filled with wall to wall people as the uptown streets are. The free breakfast was appreciated and convenient and the nightly reception was fun! The rooms were clean, spacious and the housekeeping was attentive. I highly recommend this hotel, you can't go wrong here!	
Dec 20 2004	Wonderful hotel..except no wake up call!!!!	Just returned from NYC...Stayed at Hotel from 12/16-12/19..Hotel was very nice..Quite Location, Great breakfast etc...Only complaint was I had requested a wake up call which I never got!!! Luckily I always set a back up on my cell phone. To the people who had the money stolen..THERE IS A SAFE DEPOSIT BOX IN THE ROOM!!! Why would anyone leave that amount of money lying around???? The people in NYC were also wonderful...very helpful..Will be going back..This is a new family Xmas tradition.	
Dec 17 2004	Terrible end to a great holiday	I Have just returned (12/15) from what was a wonderful break in New York City until the final evening when £300 was taken from our suite. I realise that I was silly to leave that amount of money lying around but it is not the money that bothers me it is the way I was treated by hotel staff upon reporting this incident, reception staff and security where very unhelpful and after waiting two hours to speak with a Manager I had to leave for the airport without speaking with anyone. I also had two bell boys wrestling over my luggage which was made more embarrassing when I gave one guy $5 for carrying the luggage to the taxi and was rudely asked for more.	
Dec 8 2004	Away from crowds and traffic in Manhatten	The Embassy Suites is a great new hotel in Battery Park City. The location on weekends is away from crowds and traffic elsewhere in Manhatten. When construction of other buildings in the area is completed, it should be a well planned and nice neighborhood. Our suite was light, spacious, clean and modern -- but it's true, the walls are thin and you will hear your neighbours talking or running water from time to time. The staff were professional and accommodating. We were lucky to have early check-in (10:30 a.m.) and late check-out at the end of stay. Shopping nearby at World Financial Center and in the building (DSW Shoes) was convenient and a bargain compared to Midtown. We'd stay here again.	
Nov 24 2004	Hidden Treasure	Great hotel! Everything was clean and room was huge for NYC standards. I opted for water view room but probably wouldn't in the future - I'd rather see the city than New Jersey! Linens were clean, bed was clean, bathroom was clean. Rooms have microwaves, fridge, sink and safe. The front desk staff was nice and helpful. The soap and shampoo/conditioner was from Bath and Body Works.Never made it to the managers reception but did go to the free breakfast - it was great. The selection was good and there was plenty of seats. Despite what the hotel staff will tell you, the World Trade Center subway stop is the closest and easiest walk. It's a four-block walk but very safe. When we saw the movie theatre on the hotel property, we thought there would be lots of crowds and noise but there wasn't. It was a great hotel - well worth the money. I would definitely stay here again. Elevators were quick and big enough for lots of people to fit in.	
Nov 23 2004	Good Hotel Nice staff	Just came back from a whirlwind weekend in NYC. Our first trip there ever. The hotel was clean and the staff helpful. There was a little problem with the neighboring room. You could hear things you certainly didn't want your kids to hear, if you know what I mean. I guess the walls are a little thin. The view of the river was excellent! The location is very close to ground zero.We also had a small problem with the lighting in the bathroom, which took them an entire day to fix. We just needed a light bulb, it shouldn't have been a big deal.  The free breakfast was awesome. There is something for everyone and it was tasty. I have to say what New Yorkers think of as a &quot;short walk&quot;, exhausted my family. I guess we are not used to walking everywhere. Cab fares add up, we spent about $175.00 on cab fares going back and forth from the Theatre district, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center. You may want to familiarize yourself with the subway system. I heard you can purchase a Fun Pass for $7.00 for a 24 hours use, but the Concierge did not know where we could purchase such an item. You may want to look on the subway website for locations.All in all our first trip to NYC was great, we got on the Today Show. Felt like Ferris Bueller's Day Off.Hope you have a good trip too!	
Nov 20 2004	Quality Hotel with great river views!	We chose this hotel based on the other reviews, so felt it right to feedback to keep this advice board 2-way. This hotel does what it says on the tin - it's suites are a great respite from the streets of NYC, and whilst it location is not everyone's choice, we found it great. Fab views, 10 minutes to the metro, close to TriBeca, SoHo, Financial district, etc.The hotel was great, and the staff professional and courteous. The informal drinks 'reception' was a nice touch, although don't be put off thinking it's anything formal - it isn't. It's really just a free bar for a couple of hours each evening after a tough days sightseeing! The free breakfast sets you up for a long day too and the lines (when there were any) move pretty quickly.We had no bother with noise at all, but this can be luck of the draw with any hotel.I see no attraction in staying around Times Square -it's too packed &amp; noisy anyway. Stay downtown by the river for a change of scene - cabs and metro are cheap &amp; plentiful for when you want to head uptown.I can't really fault it. Try the Suites, you'll enjoy the extra space!	
Nov 17 2004	Last few reviews seem pretty much on the mark	The last few reviews of this hotel seem pretty much on the mark -- I agree. a few things to add:-- theres a free shuttle that stops around the corner that goes south around the tip of Manhattan and then back up north, along the east side of the island, to south street seaport.-- chambers street is the closest subway stop, about 1/4 mile away-- the breakfast IS very good, but it got pretty crowded with a long line at 9 -- you may want to go earlier.-- the complex has a movie theater, bagel/bakery shop thats fine for lunch, and a discount shoe store that we liked. -- Canal street (junky shops) and SOHO are a long walk or short cab ride away.-- they have a creativity suite (that we didn't get to try) that you may want to ask about.	
Nov 15 2004	Roomy stylish friendly... and a bargain!	First off, I'm a tough judge of hotel rooms. I don't give 5* out like halloween candy, pal. That said, this hotel so far exceeded my expectations, that I can't help yap its praises. Here goes: the lobby/ hallways are stylish and bright, kind of arty modern. All staff that I had contact with were helpful and friendly, the maid service was prompt each morning and the room was in perfect order when I returned from the complimentary breakfast, and what a breakfast! (at the bar: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, juice, yogurt, fruit, bagels, croisants, toast. at the grill: made-to-order waffles, pancakes, omlettes, eggs). Room was huge! Seemed more like an apartment than a room-- had a living room (sofa/ dining table/ TV/ coffee table), large, spotless bathroom (great water pressure), hall, and bedroom. Big comfy bed. Ample storage for my clothes (plus iron/ hairdryer/ coffee/ 2 TVs/ alarm clock) Nice art on the walls. For $20 extra per night (well worth it!), got a great view of the Hudson River and (if I craned my neck south) the Statue of Liberty! (Tip: ask for the room upgrade in advance when you confirm, as they can sell out of river views). Was never around for it, but from 5:30-7:30 you get free drinks (yes, plural, not just one!) at the hotel lounge. And the best part... got a steal through priceline for $150 a night! This is now my NYC hotel. I ain't ever hangin' my hat anywheres else, bub.	
Nov 14 2004	Most excellent Hotel and Staff !!!!!	Greetings, We just returned from a Wonderful trip to New York and the whole East Coast down to Florida with our 4 kids. This Embassy Suites is just Excellent in every way. The view from our 12th floor of the Statue of Liberty and the Hudson River was the best we have ever had! The room was very clean and well decorated. We heard NO NOISE AT ALL during our stay, it was very quiet. The beds were very comfortable and the pillows are the best in America (no kidding). The free breakfast was Excellent and the staff were just the best (especially Lenny? the parking guy out front). We drove into Manhatten and pulled up to the front door and he took care of everything (40$). He was a very honest and great guy to know in N.Y.I would highly recommend this hotel as it is everything it promised and more. God Bless and Happy Holidays.	
Nov 14 2004	Just about perfect	A gem of a hotel. Excellent service, excellent price, excellent facilities. Not sure why others have mentioned a problem with the location. You're only a few minutes walk away from Chambers Street subway stations and there are plenty of taxis parked outside ready to whisk you off anywheere you wish to go. The Embassy provides you with a much needed oasis from the tourist trap chaos of Times Square. If you want to sample real NYC then I reckon the Embassy is the place to be. Greenwich Village, the Liberty/Ellis Island ferry, Wall Street &amp; Tribeca are all within no more than 15 minutes walking distance and after the huge &amp; diverse complimentary breakfast that you can put away at the Embassy, you'll be thankful of the walk!The rooms, excuse me, the Suites, were absolutely wonderful. Televisions in both bedroom &amp; living area, exceptionally clean bathroom (small bath, but heavenly massage facility on shower head!), beds always made up, complementary USA Today newspaper slipped under the door every morning, microwave oven, reliable heating facilities - spot on. The one downside was that the refuge collection outside at 4am causes a bit of noise &amp; we also heard a bit of commotion on a couple of occasions at night from another room - so its true to say the walls are a bit thin. This would probably have been a major problem if this hotel was uptown, but as the hotel is in a cul-de-sac, its a very quite area.I have to mention the Managers reception. What a bonus! When you're paying $6+ for a pint of beer uptown, $1 for any drink you want was astounding, they even lay on a range of free snacks to enjoy with your drink!Finally, a mention for the staff. Despite what the previous reviewer from Northampton, UK thinks (sounded like a bit of a whinger to me) they couldn't do enough to help us out, be it changing money, help with directions, problems with our electronic keys, luggage storage post-checkout.I'm quite a critical individual, so when I say I would throughly recommend this hotel to anyone, I really mean it. However, please don't let on to too many of your friends, or they may put the prices up!Enjoy your stay - we certainly did.	
Nov 10 2004	Wonderful Stay for first-timer to NYC	Just got back from a 6 night stay and would highly recommend this hotel. The included breakfast had many options and even when there were lines it moved very quickly. The manager's reception with drinks and snacks was a nice touch. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The first night I was woken at 2 am by loud talking from another room, so the walls are a bit thin - my only complaint. But it wasn't a problem after that first night. The staff was gracious and very helpful. On my next trip to NYC I might want to try a mid-town hotel, just to be closer to the action. But this is a great hotel and transportation is not a problem with lots of taxis and a short walk to the subway.	
Nov 9 2004	Not sure how our stay could've been better	Great location in lower Manhattan. Never noticed the noise problems others mention. Our 4th floor room had no street noise. The only late nite noise we heard was some drunk chick in the hall trying to find her room. 5 minute walk to the E, 7 to the A-C/2-3, 10 minutes to Battery Park. Location is a child's paradise, with a fantastic playground a block away. Never had to wait for breakfast, and the selection was excellent. Beautiful view of the Hudson. Still can't figure out how we got all this for $209 per nite. In Manhattan, no less!!!	
Oct 11 2004	Very Good Hotel	Clean large room, great free breakfast buffet. Bathroom, sheets and room were all clean. Not extremely fancy - couch and chair were worn. We had a two room suite w/King bed and pull out couch - more than large enough for three adults. Pull out couch mattress was typically thin and not extremely comfy - but it was just fine for two nights. After a long day of sight seeing we fell asleep instantly. No problems with noise. The king bed was very comfy. There was a large tv in each room. River view - beautiful. The free breakfast was very good. We ate early (7:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m.) and didn't have a problem with long lines. We saw much longer lines about 9:30 a.m. A cab from the hotel to Times Square was about $15 not including tip. Cab ride to hotel from LaGuardia was $30 not including tip. Pricey. Figure out the busses/subway if you have time. If you only have two days to sight see (like us) you might want to spend extra to stay closer to the Times Square area (or the area where you plan to do most of your sight seeing). Cab fare will drain your wallet quickly.Hotel is &quot;across the street&quot; from Ground Zero/WTC site. Very busy large streets. The WTC site and St Paul's chapel are very moving. The chapel has a wonderful memorial. We ate at Balthazar restaurant. Not worth it unless you are a real food/wine gourmand. $200/three people. We also ate at Basillica on 45th in the theater district. 75$/three people (with tip). Basillica is a wonderful, fabulous, tiny hole in the wall Italian restaurant. The best chicken parmigiana I've ever had. Great atmosphere, excellent, excellent staff. We stayed one night at the Best Western in Flushing/Eden Park (close to LaGuardia). I have posted a review for this hotel also.	
Oct 5 2004	Great hotel poor service	We had room 826 which was a two room suite with large living area, kitchenette, bathroom, bedroom with king size bed and a great view of the harbour. A buffet breakfast was included in the price and the choices etc were very good and set us up for the day’s sightseeing. All these things measured up to the usual good standard of Embassy Suites. However we felt the service within the hotel was of a poor standard and let the hotel down. We noticed that some areas of our room got dusty and seemed not to be cleaned, such as the dressing table. Also sweets we had left on the table mysteriously disappeared. At the time of our arrival the light over the bath was flashing on and off, after a long flight etc we decided not to bother reporting this until the following day, but forgot, however, the constant flashing on and off would have been obvious to the housekeeping staff so we were very surprised that when we returned the next day and it still had not been fixed. I then phoned down to report it but nobody came and I had to leave a note for housekeeping the following day – it was then fixed. Also, we used the mini bar on a couple of occasions for cans of orange, but the cans used were never replaced! We thought this strange as how could be spend more money if they never replaced them?One day on reporting for breakfast we were asked for our room number, however the woman was so busy talking to someone on the phone that we had to repeat our number four times before she finally listened and even then she kept repeating 926 instead of 826. We tried to correct her numerous times, and then gave up. I hope the people in 926 got their breakfast! This exact same scenario happened on one other occasion with the same woman! The final straw was when I went to use my hairbrush and found long, black hairs wound round it – I am blonde! I was disgusted and it turned my stomach to think that someone had used my brush. I went down to reception to complain as was seen by the concierge who looked at my brush and asked if anyone else in the room could have used it. Did she think that I would have complained if I knew who had used it? She then went to get the manager. When he arrived he was very apologetic and said he would speak to housekeeping and would replace my brush. He also offered a free stay at the hotel in the future, but I declined as we would not be returning to NY. So he offered cinema tickets or meal reservations at the restaurant, which I again declined but suggested that he could reduce our current stay’s bill. He agreed that he would remove our incidentals i.e. pay movies, mini bar etc which I agreed. When we received our final bill, all these things were still on there and charged to my credit card ($45), by this time I couldn’t be bothered to complain so left it. Considering he was offering quite a lot of money in compensation in the form of free stays etc, knocking $45 off our bill must have seemed a snip, but even then they never kept their word. Not impressed!As a summary, I would say the hotel is great, the rooms huge and the views we had great but the service let it down badly.	
Oct 1 2004	Great for families.	This was an excellent base camp for sightseeing in New York. We stayed there with three kids ages 12, 16, and 17 this past summer. The food every morning was great for teenagers. The subways were within easy walking distance. My son and I went running every morning along the jogging trail and never once had any issues. We would definitely consider staying here again. Especially if you have a family.	
Sep 21 2004	Excellent Hotel for pricelocation and service	This hotel has everything. Great location, excellent river view (well worth extra $10!). The managers reception for 2 hours is a must each day and a great way to relax. The Cinema was a bonus and worth the trek up 4/5 escalators. No need to stray far for food - great Bagle shop and Mexican in the complex. Went there as a couple - but plenty of room for either 4 adults or a family of four. Close proximity to Century 21 dept.store and subway. Taxis about $10-$12 to go uptown - but well worth the peace and quiet when you get back to hotel.Very friendly and efficient staff - and don't forget the breakfast - be prepared to add 10lbs to your waist line on checking out. Definitely going back there	
Sep 16 2004	One of my favorite hotels ever...!	This hotel is outstanding. We were able to stay in a suite and it was a dream--a view of the Hudson River from our bedroom and close to everything! The service was excellent, the room was extremely clean and comfortable, and the staff was exceptionally nice! Additionally, there's a movie theater practically in the hotel...and we ran in to James Gandolfini catching a movie..very cool!	
Sep 11 2004	I Live In NYC and Like This Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for an anniversary weekend. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves as &quot;tourists&quot;. The hotel is close to everything including the subway if you don't mind using your legs and walking a few blocks! Our room overlooked Ground Zero. The breakfast buffet was plentiful but go early as it gets crowded the later it gets. If you like to be active, the newly created walking path along the Hudson River is right outside the hotel. We would stay here again.	
Sep 10 2004	Wonderful hotel Wonderful staff	Our family of 4 stayed at the Embassy Suites in early August 2004 for 2 nights (Friday and Saturday nights). We took the train into NYC from NJ and then the subway downtown. Wonderful hotel staff, very friendly, very attentive, excellent and quick service. Very quick check-in.We started on the 4th floor (non-smoking room and floor). While getting ready for bed the smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming in the hallway and creeping into our room. Called the front desk, we were moved to another room on the 6th or 7th floor within 10 minutes. Had a great view from this room of the harbour. On the second night we needed extra pillows and an extra blanket. We received them again within 10 minutes. Service was outstanding. King size bed in the bedroom and foldout in the living room. Large and very clean bathrooms. Only room complaint - the foldout sofa was a double, not a queen. And the foldout mattress needed a serious replacement. Our daughters, ages 8 and 13, did not sleep very well. Otherwise a great hotel, nice rooms. Very expansive breakfast buffet (gets very crowded but you can take the plates with food back to your room).Check-out service was a statement under our door before 6am the last morning. Taxis always available. Excellent doorman. 2 blocks from WTC site and PATH to Hoboken. Across the street from the Connection Bus route that travels around downtown Manhattan and all the way to South Street Seaport. Applebees ,Movie theater, Chinese restaurant and Bagel and sandwich shop all within the hotel complex. Across the street from a waterfront promenade and children's park. Across the street from the Winter Garden. We traveled by subway or taxi to wherever we wanted to go.Great time. Will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2004	Hard to imagine anything better!!!	Our family of five just returned from a 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites in Lower Manhattan, and we cannot imagine anything better in NYC. There are a lot of different locations to stay in New York, so you have to choose the best options for what you are looking for. The Embassy is down near Battery Park in a quieter section of the city...perfect for us. Late night strolls by the river for great views of Jersey City and the Statue of Liberty, easy walks to the subway, short stroll to the Ground Zero site (very emotional), great place to jog in the morning by the river, and a convenient, free bus shuttle service that takes you to such lower Manhattan sites as the ferry station, Seaport Village, and Wall Street. However the walks to all of these are short, and it's really not even that long of walk to Little Italy or Tribeca.As for the hotel itself, the room was plenty big for all five of us....kids in one room, us in the other. The breakfast was as good as it gets...fresh omelettes, pancakes, bacon, sausage, cereal, juices, fruit, etc. There is an Applebees and Chevys on site, as well as a great bagel/deli shop that we used a few times, especially at night for a late night treat. There is even a movie theatre that our kids used once. The concierge was extremley helpful, as were the bellmen and other employees. In fact, the kids said this was the best hotel they've ever stayed in!If you want the bright lights and the glamor, maybe the Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center areas would be better for you, but once you realize how easy the subway system is, this area can't be beat. One train to Central Park (don't miss the Imagine memorial for John Lennon), one train to Yankee Stadium, one train to Greenwich, etc. Go and experience all of NY during the day and night, but come back to this peaceful, safe area and hotel for your stay. You will not be disappointed!	
Aug 29 2004	Big roomsfantastic viewgreat staff.	Spent a week in august with my two kids in a harbour view room.Apart from being surprised at the size of the room,iwas knocked out by the view from the bedroom,spectacular,especially at night.The breakfast was very hard to fault(try not to arrive too late gets very busy)and the managers daily cocktail party(which i stupidly only attended for the last two nights)was great,free drinks of any description for two hours.....amazing.Add to this the helpful staff and you have yourselves the best hotel secret in new york.I visit new york every year and have stayed in most of the &quot;exclusive&quot; hotels ,very few of them tick as many boxes as the embassy suites.	
Aug 25 2004	Nice Place Good Location	I attended a bachelorette party in May 2004 at Embassy and we rented a suite. The suite was gorgeous, with a great view and impeccably clean. The breakfast buffet in the morning was crowded but we were able to get a table. Staff was courteous and the variety of food (fruits, eggs, waffles, cereals etc.) was great. I recommend this place. Its also located in a good area -- downtown NYC away from the midtown madness.	
Aug 13 2004	Best family vacation ever!	After hmming and hawing over should we go or not in light of the recent terrorist threat, we finally decided YES. And I am so glad we did. Me, hubby and 3 kids from age 18 mos- 7 yrs traveled cross country on JetBlue into JFK, then stayed with friends for a couple days and heading out to Embassy Suites in lower Manhattan on Sat Aug 7. We stayed Aug 7-10 in room 834. Spring for the Harbor View, it was spectacular! Everything was perfect, the free HUGE selection breakfasts, the wonderfully helpful staff, cabs always waiting out front.... so many things to walk to nearby, WTC site, Ferry to Statue of Liberty, Wall Street, beautiful park right across the street, an Irish memorial (directly across) Chambers Street Subway station just a few blocks away... We did it all, and it was so nice to come back to or SUITE at night, overlooking the lovely lights and boats going by... the kids did great, having their own TV and pull out bed was fantastic. Ask for robes and you'll feel like your at a luxury hotel. In fact, for all purposes, this really WAS a luxury hotel. I really feel we couldn't have done better. As for noise, we didn't hear a thing, but then, our room overlooked the harbor and wasn't anywhere near the Atrium lobby, maybe thats why? Anyway, book your room before they build whatever it is they are building across the street, while the Harbor View is still there----- I wish we were still there- loved it that much.. Only thing is , when leaving, make sure you watch your luggage being put in your transportation... somehow one of our bags did not make it to the airport with us, but thats probably just as much my fault for not watching closely.... all in all a once-in-a-lifetime trip to NYC!!	
Aug 13 2004	Perfect for families!	We were recently in NY with our 4 and 6-year-olds for a long weekend and recommend the Embassy Suites highly. We requested a harborview room and enjoyed a stellar view and fresh breezes when we opened the windows. We looked out on the Hudson River and the nearby children's playground and running and biking paths.It was in easy walking distance of the WTC site and Battery Park. It's about 1 mile (less than 1/2 hour slow walk) from Chinatown. When you come from an area with very little public transportation, the 5 minute walk to the subway seems like a dream!The breakfast was good, but very crowded and chaotic. Our schedule did not permit us to take advantage of the Manager's reception in the evening. We used the next door parking lot, as recommended by other users of this site and found it to be cheaper and very secure.We experienced little of the difficulties others did with thin walls, but maybe we lucked out. Overall, we thought it was a perfect place for a weekend stay with young children.	
Aug 12 2004 	Some bumps along the way	Generally LOVE Embassy Suites but had a rather disappointing stay here. At check in, key card did not work.When that problem was corrected, I entered a room with a street view. I had a reservation for a harbor view. Then Iwas moved to a nice room no smoking. I had a reservationfor a smoking room. When I finally hit the right room, I realized I had set my wallet on the TV in one of the previousrooms. The housekeeping staff had turned in my wallet tosecurity-intact-but this wouldn't have happened had I nothad to play room hopscotch. The next day guests were informed that there would be no hot water for a 12 hour period on one of the hottest days of the summer. Yikes. Housekeeping was less than stellar-peanuts and rice on thefloor from when I checked in until I checked out. While I realize it was a busy time-I think understaffing is a problem	
Aug 8 2004	LOVED iT!	I've gone to NYC twice before. [First time was a XMAS get-away from Brick, to see THE CHRiSTMAS CAR0L and to do some $H0PPiNG! We stayed at the OMNi BERKSHiRE .. It was well located but it definitely had it's ups AND downs.] The second time, me and a friend came with my mom as a treat. We did the usual shopping, eating out, blah blah. We stayed at Embassy Suites NYC and had a BLAST! There's a great gym open at great hours, it's a good place to just walk around freely without an adult, it has affordable snacks downstairs and drinks and usual stuff .. If you forgot an essential need [ Razor Toothbrush etc. ] they supply them for you easily, everything we asked for [ Breakfast ; Extra Blankets and sheets ; Etc. ] Came RiGHT away! They cleaned our horrifying room in a flash SO0 nicely! PiCK THiS H0TEL!!!!	
Aug 8 2004	The Best views in NYC!!	It was far better than I could have imagined. The view from my room was unbelievable, i could see Jersey City and the Statue of Libery from the same window, and there is a lovely irish famine tribute in what would normally have been space for a building on the shore of the river which would have been a major eyesore. The staff where very friendly, and went out of their way to help us. Our travel agent had not paid them for the room, and we did not take a visa or mastercard with us to pay again, but they let us have a room anyway. They spent hours on the phone for us trying to sort it out. They where brilliant. The Breakfast was out of this world, I couldn't eat again til about 4 everyday!!The only draw back was that it was not in walking distance to anywhere but ground zero, so you needed to use the subway alot. It took ages to get to times square on foot!I would recommend to anyone, and will definately be staying again next time I go to NYC!!!!!	
Aug 3 2004	Great value	Great place and large rooms (by New York Standards). Only problem is the $45/day valet parking. There is a lot right behind the hotel for $25/day.There are three subway stops very close and this is the easiest way around Manhatten.The free breakfast is excellent and worth waiting in line. The staff were friendly and helpfull.Excellent place to stay as a family. If you are a couple looking at night life and shopping stay near central park.	
Aug 3 2004	NYC with a family of 6	We stayed at the Embassy 7/19-7/31. For starters, we are a family with 4 children and had a very hard time finding a room in NYC that would allow 6 people so we opted for a suite here instead of 2 rooms. The free beakfast and cocktails made up for the room being a bit pricy for a family on a budget. Beware of Chevy's mexican restaurant. We had very poor service and the bill was very expensive. It seems less than fast food quality for triple the price. We had no problem with the hotel itself with the exception of waiting a half hour for our room with tired toddlers from traveling/flying all day. Check in was to be at 3 but we didn't get our room until 4. The was very frustrating. We bought the all loops grey line tour and they let us board anywhere down by the hotel so this saved us from doing the metro all the time and also got us away from the noise and traffic of times square. One day we boarded at battery park and anothe day we boarded by City hall. The hotel will get you a refridgerator if you request which was nice for our toddlers so they could have milk/juice when they wanted,	
Jul 29 2004	LOUD hotel	There was a wedding reception in the atrium on the night of our stay. With the canyon effect of the rooms surrounding the open atrium, we felt we were an intimate part of the wedding itself. They partied on into the night. With several children trying to get some rest after a day of sightseeing, the negatives overwhelmed the positives. Called the management, and they said tough luck. Stay somewhere else if noise bothers you. Changing rooms would not have helped as all the rooms surround the atrium. Positive note: fabulous children's parks, putt putt, and running route out the door of the hotel.	
Jul 28 2004	Very Nice Hotel Great Location	Great base for a stay in New York. Plus points are the location. Chinatown &amp; Little Italy is 30 mins walk away. Battery Park also a short 20min walk. Right across the street on the right hand side of the main door is a bus stop. Look for the NN sign. A shuttle bus (Grey in colour) will take you to the South seaport/pier 19 entertainment area (via Battery Park). The shuttle arrives every 10mins and is free. It is a new service introduced after 9/11 to attract more people to the lower New York district. When we went up town we purchased metro cards from the local subway office. Walk a few blocks inland to Hudson Bld. The main buses going up town pass via this road. When heading back down to the hotel the M20 bus passes right through Times Square and almost passes right next to the hotel. The room was spacious and clean ,the free drinks at night are fantastic and a great start to your nights activities. The breakfast was great and I had no problem with the staff who were very helpful. We also liked the fact that an Applebies Restaurant and cinema within the same building as the hotel and used these often. My only (small) complaint was our first morning at breakfast. There was not enough seats for everyone. This was especially maddening as the night before there was a private function in the breakfast area were there was plenty of chairs and tables setup. The next morning the tables were all gone and stored up. Come on Embassy .... You appear to go out your way to make private functions have good facilities....have a wee thought about your paying guests also and at breakfast times put out more tables, especially at busy periods.	
Jul 19 2004	Brilliant stay in new york	The Embassey suites was an excellent place to stay especially with a teenage son. He was able to go to the cinema on his own while we enjoyed a meal in the financial center opposite the hotel. We were so glad we booked a hotel away from the heat and dust of the city. We spent the evenings walking by the river and listening to free concerts in battery park. The suite and staff were excellent, and we especially enjoyed breakfast and happy hour. We would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 18 2004	This was a fine place	We stayed at this hotel from July 3 through July 5. We felt very safe in the neighborhood. In fact, everyone in New York City was extremely friendly and helpful. We bought a daily metro card for $7 and rode the subway and busses everywhere. There are two busses that stop right outside of the hotel, which is magnificant for coming back to the hotel late at night. The subway is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel - we used it to get from JFK Airport to the hotel. From the Chambers subway stop, you can transfer to a bus that will take you right to the hotel. Our room was very nice. We had no problem with noise. Breakfast was wonderful. The staff was very friendly. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 15 2004	Great for Kids!	This was our first trip to New York and we chose this hotel based on the positive reviews it has received. We were not disappointed! This is a great hotel to take kids. There are parks all around to let them burn off some energy after being in a stroller all day! The walk along the shore is absolutely fantastic. I would not even consider taking my family to another New York hotel because of the great location. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and our suite was large. Staff is friendly. Our 14th floor room had an excellent view of the Hudson and Jersey shore. We did not have any noise problems like others have written about. The only minor negatives: the hotel did not have enough baby cribs for us on our first night and the hotel talks about the view from Brokers Loft, but unfortunately this side of the room was closed our entire stay.	
Jul 14 2004	Embassy Suites the BEST!	The Embassy Suites is across from World Financial Center and kitty corner to World Trade Center site. The hote is connected to AMC theatres, Chevy Mexican restaurant and a bagel place. The hotel is clean, rooms are spacey and comfortable. We love our stay there, and the reception clerk are so nice - they let us check in 4 hours early! We checked out of our mid-town hotel because we can't sleep due to the noise...took a taxi from 48th &amp; Lexington to ES. Big mistake not telling the cab guy which route to take, because he went the long way and we paid an extra $10 in fares (total $20). But it was well worth the hassle of changing to ES. We have two full size beds, clean and comfortable and QUIET. The water view is awesome. The hotel is in Battery Park, so it was a short walk to the terminal to catch the ferry to Liberty Island. It was a short 2 block walk to the subway to Time Square and Chinatown. The free cook-to-order breakfast is wonderful - we pigged out on sausage, bacons, omelete, pancake, yogurt, fruit, juices, coffee, milk, cereal - it was a wonderful buffet! The evening reception only had mixed munchies and popcorn. My only complain is that a bottle of water in the room cost $3.00, but you can go down the hallway to the ice machine area and get the vending machine water and pop for $2.00.	
Jul 7 2004	Great location nice hotel	Stayed with the family over the July 4th weekend. We were upgraded to a harbor view room gratis after our first (standard) room turned out to be already occupied! Next time I would definitely spring for the harbor view (only $10 extra) to begin with - fabulous. We saw the Queen Mary 2 go by from our window, not to mention all the lights in Jersey City, and harbor traffic generally. We didn't have the severe noise problems others have written about - did not hear neighbors. I did hear an upstairs shower occasionally.The biggest problem was the line for breakfast - go early if you can, at least if you're there on a weekend with the other tourists. Coffee was barely drinkable, which I've never found before at an Embassy Suites. Also, check your bill. We were charged for three drinks from the minibar apparently because the kids opened it three times (didn't touch anything). The charges were quickly and pleasantly removed when we questioned them, however.The kids loved the playground across the street, and it was very pleasant to stroll the esplanade. It was a quick walk to the subway. After the madness of midtown, it was nice to come back to the quiet of downtown. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 1 2004	Spacious and Relaxing	Pleasantly surprised. Spent almost a week at this hotel and was like home away from home. Great Sushi restaurant in the hotel. Excellent free happy hour and extensive complimentary breakfast. Nice modern furnishings and good view of the water and skyline. Great concierge and bell service. I will stay here again.	
Jun 29 2004 	The best Hotel in NYC	This hotel was so beautiful. The view was breath taking. The staff was super attentive and friendly. The rooms were super clean, modern and very big. I felt like I was in an apartment. The nights were super quite. Also the subway was very close by about a five minute walk. This hotel made my stay in NYC even better then I expected. I loved this hotel and would recomend it to anyone going to NYC.	
Jun 28 2004	Nice touches	We have just returned from spending 4 days in NYC, with the Embassy Suites at Battery Park as our base. We had a lovely, spacious, comfortable 2-room suite with nice touches like a large umbrella in the room for our use on rainy days, wonderful toiletries, and a young concierge who provided a great list of his personal favorite restaurants in the area. The river view from the 15th floor (an upgrade) is spectactular. No problem with noise. Only annoyances were huge lines for breakfast (there were no controls --like vouchers or tickets-- for the people coming and going), the tiny, electronically controlled bar fridge, and the location which is a bit far from the action of theatre, shopping and museums. It's an interesting part of the city though, undergoing a renaissance with the rebuilding after 9/11. An excellent value for the money in NYC.	
Jun 27 2004	Booking nightmare but hotel was excellent	To arrive at this Hotel with two young children at 3.30am, then to be told our hotel room had been cancelled.was not going to give a good impression! It was a booking error with travel agent not Hotel. We were finally given a suite and apologises all round,the suite was lovely and lived up to our expectations indeed. The booking error was not the hotels fault and on return to the UK we received compensation.This Hotel had every thing we needed staff were friendly and helpful and it had the bonus of having everything to hand, cinema,restaurants,and free evening drinks. After a long day of seeing the sites last thing you want is to have to travel out for a drink and a meal. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone else.	
Jun 26 2004	A wonderful property and lodging experience!	Stayed here in March, 2004. When people say this facility compares to a youth hostel, I can only conclude that they got over-served at the complimentary hospitality bar in the upper lobby! This is a modern, sparkling, 1st class hotel situated on the Hudson River. Colorful, modern art brightens up the place. Many hotels built in the 40's are tiny. This all suite hotel features a generous bedroom and a good sized living room area with a sleeper sofa. The suite has all the amenities including two televisions, a microwave, and plush bathrobes.The buffet breakfast is first class and you can dine while watching the ships on the Hudson River. The hotel is within walking distance of hallowed ground, The World Trade Center Site.I found the staff most accomodating and cordial. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this modern, accomodating hotel in the Battery Park section of lower Manhattan. I am not Mc Arthur, but I shall return to the Embassy Suites Manhattan.	
Jun 16 2004	Hear every word	Stayed 06-11 thru 6-14. If you are a light sleeper and have noisy neighbors at night-DO NOT stay here. Unfortuneately, our neighbors sat up and just talked and laughed from 1:00am till 3:30am every night. You will hear every word they say and not get any sleep. It was not our neighbors fault that their sleep time and ours did not co-incide. Embassy Suites has their reputation at stake when they built these rooms with such thin walls. At 199.00 a night, we deserved better. Now for the good news, the free cooked to order breakfast was great-you won't leave hungry. The free drinks and snacks at 5:30pm was a super deal. The front desk was very helpful. Room was clean as could be.There is a free bus service at this hotel called The Connection that takes you to lower Manhatten all the way to South Seaport(Fulton Market) and all points between. 2 minute walk to WTC. Nice parks surround the area with ample walkways along the Hudson River.	
Jun 3 2004	A brilliant stay	Four of us stayed at the Embassy Suites hotel for a week. It was our first trip to New York and we loved both the city and the accommodation. The suite was large, immaculately clean and had every facility we could wish for. The view over the Hudson River was amazing - interesting during the day, and magical in the evening when the lights came on. The food at the Embassy was super - huge choice at breakfast, cooked to requirements, and good restaurants for dinner when needed - althought there's a great choice anyway in NY. The location is interesting - lots of pleasant walks and things to see in Lower Manhattan, and a good bus/taxi service to places further North. The Twin Towers site is moving, and we now follow progress with real interest. The staff at the hotel were really friendly and helped to make our stay unforgettable. We would recommend this place to anyone - can't wait to return!	
May 31 2004	Great Family Weekend!	Just returned from a Memorial Day weekend trip to New York City. Had a fantastic experience at the Embassy Suites--entirely in line with positive reviews on this site.Location afforded enjoyable walks to Battery Park for Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island Ferry, and general sightseeing along Hudson River. Much redevelopment after 9/11--but the Towers area remains very moving.Hotel worked out well for our family of four, with plenty of room for kids--and they did have Playstation. Views on harbor side were nice. Lili's Noodle Restaurant afforded excellent Chinese/Asian food on site, adjacent to the Regal 11 cineplex. Cab fare to Theater district was $10 each way.Our visit coincided with &quot;Fleet Week&quot; in New York, and the hotel was absolutely full with Navy personnel supporting Fleet Week and families meeting to enjoy New York. The hotel handled the crowds very well, and there were only short lines for breakfast and manager's reception. It was very meaningful for our kids to see so many military families together on Memorial Day.Overall, hotel was much nicer than Doubletree Suites on Times Square, where we stayed on our last visit to NYC, with a better family experience.	
May 27 2004	Our home away from home	We just came back from two back-to-back trips to New York City and stayed at the beautiful, sleek, modern Embassy Suites both times. In fact, we are proud to say that we are frequent regular guests of the hotel, staying on average about once every 4-8 weeks for 2 or 3 nights each time. We have always been treated well by the staff of the hotel, who try very hard to take care of the many guests. They do this with both efficiency, diplomacy and dedication. The location is superb, with a beautiful view of the Hudson river,which is also perfect for walking, biking or jogging, and is very quiet, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. We stayed on the third floor of the hotel in a beautiful suite and didn't hear any noise, both inside or outside, at all. There is also a top notch sportsclub, that has every kind of exercise equipment imaginable, and which is free for guests staying at the hotel. The free cooked-to-order breakfast cannot be beat, and it's all you can eat, which is unheard of anywhere in New York City, and they serve it on real china, silverware, etc. Also, the hotel has their own well-informed website, Embassy Suites New York, which offers many wonderful vacation packages for all tastes and budgets. 	
May 24 2004	Enjoyable Stay	My wife and I recently had a brief 2 night stay in NYC, and stayed at the Embassy Suites. The room was very clean and comfortable, and customer service was top-notch. After arriving late in the evening, Justin at the front desk made us feel welcome. My wife and I enjoyed the breakfast that was included with our stay...pancakes, omlettes, potatoes, bacon, sausage, cereals, breads, fruit - a little something for everyone. Also, there are 11 movie theatres on site, and a Chevy's mexican restaurant. Overall we were very pleased with our stay, and would return.	
May 15 2004	Loved Embassy Suites	Myself and 4 of my friends came to New York for vacation and couldn't have been more happy to stay at the Embassy Suites.The room was clean and they brought us whatever amenities we required.The staff was always courteous and helpful, and we couldn't say that about the rest of Manhattan.I will definitely stay there again on my next trip.	
May 8 2004	A Better Youth Hostel	Orginally from New York, my wife and I stayed at the Embassy Suites in early May for four day return visit. I thought it was a huge disappointment, particularly after having read the reviews on Tripadvisor before going. While clean and spacious, the hotel has absolutely no charm. The breakfast that everybody raves about is way under par from what you could get at any greasy spoon diner in the city (think high school cafeteria, including plastic plates and cups and luke warm food). I strongly recommend to avoid this place unless you like unwelcoming suburban office buildings. Also, location IS an issue: While getting cab is not a problem, the subway is a very long trek for NY standards. Note for Priceline users: we got stuck with the Embassy Suites by bidding in the highest category in downtown Manhattan. I have also written to Priceline that it is ludicrous to list this place in their luxury category.	
May 6 2004	Walls Paper thin.	Great Location overlooking the River, nice park across the street, directly next door to Merrill Lynch so cabs and limos are easy at all hours, only a half block from the WTC site and visible clearly out the window of my room...the only complaint and its significant is the walls are paper thin...you can EVERYTHING going on in the next room...every sneeze, phone call, even the action on the adult channel being watched. The last thing anyone wants to hear is their neighbor in the bathroom but it is unfortunately, unavoidable.The property otherwise is georgeous. Nice out of the way spot to enjoy NY....very nice neighborhood.	
Apr 28 2004	Excellent Hotel!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Embassy Suites. Excellent hotel! Don't be put off by the location - nice and quiet after the hustle/bustle of the centre. Lovely views across to NJ &amp; great parks close by for kids or adults. Easy to get around - either by the subway or the bus which has a stop around the corner from hotel entrances. 10min walk approx only to Battery Park for tour bus stops and ferries. Breakfast is awesome and plenty of choice. Rooms are comfortable &amp; the added advantage of having a seperate sitting room is great too . Didn't ask for a river view, but was lucky enough to have one &amp; personally this is a must have! Agree with the other comments regarding the thin walls in rooms, but could be lived with. Staff very helpful. Will be staying no where else but the Embassy Suites now when visiting NYC!	
Apr 15 2004	Great place to stay when in NYC	Stayed at the Embassy Suites from 4/9/04 - 4/11-04 with a group of 8 teenagers. We arrived fairly early so our room wasn't ready which wasn't a problem, we just headed to the WTC site and then grabbed something to eat. By the time we finished eating, I called and the rooms were available. The hotel itself was pleasantly nice, the rooms were clean and comfortable. The kids loved it. The movie theatre on site was a welcome as well. The breakfast in the morning, you can't beat as well as the manager's reception w/the free cocktails and snacks. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to NY w/children or a large group. You're about three blocks away from the subway, right on the water, and if you book online, prices you can't beat for NY.	
Mar 22 2004	Great place to stay for a weekend visit	My family (3) stayed at this hotel between 3/19 and 3/21. The location is good in that it is quiet area on the weekends, across from ground zero, and short walk to the statue of Liberty tours. The room is good size, walls a bit thin but overall a great bargin. They offer a full cook to order breakfast and happy hour, all at no cost. Complaints would include the thin walls and weak water pressure in the shower. BE SURE TO USE THE PARKING LOT NEXT TO THE HOTEL. They are half the price of the hotel provided parking and open 24 hours a day.We will stay here again.	
Mar 22 2004	Great Hotel	We just got back from our weekend in NY and we were quite pleased with the hotel. Our room was on the 15th (top) floor with a view of Ground Zero. The beds are a bit on the soft side but comfortable. The worst part about the room was the shower...terrible water pressure and the walls are a bit thin. We loved the fact that the hotel was quiet with respect to outside noise. We never heard traffic below. The complimentary full breakfast and drinks in the afternoon were phenomenal. We parked in the lot next door which charges 21.95/day but they will give a discount to hotel guests. Don't pay the $45 to park at the hotel. The lot is manned 24 hours/day and the attendants provided excellent service. The hotel is within walking distance to the ferries for Liberty and Ellis Islands and of course to Ground Zero, but you will need to take a cab or subway to Midtown, Chinatown or elsewhere. We've also stayed at the Marriott in Brooklyn but for the price you can't beat this hotel. Its roominess and amenities far exceed any of the other hotels. I wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else in NY now.	
Feb 23 2004	Comfortable base in NYC	We stayed on a family break here in Feb 04 - our first visit to NY. The hotel itself was very comfortable and the inclusive breakfasts were first class. Good reasonable dining facilities right next door. Spacious rooms - but in hindsight we would have been better with a double bedded room rather than the huge single bed; but the sofa bed meant that four of us fitted in without any problem. The location of the hotel has its good and bad points. Right on the river for superb views and fairly quiet in the evening - but it's a good five minute walk across a busy thoroughfare to the nearest subway. The staff were very helpful and friendly - but for some reason for one day that we were there we had no housekeeping or cleaning services. But all in all I would recommend the hotel and would be more than happy to go back there again.	
Feb 22 2004	Great For A Break	I'm a natural cynic but All the reviews are right! The family ( wife and two kids) took a short three day break to New York Mid February 2004. I was a little apprehensive about the location but took the chance for the River Views. Best choice I ever made. Very welcoming staff at check in .(Thanks especially to Aida and Stan) . Room available dispite being only 1300hrs.Very impressed with the location for the views and walks. Lot of police presence so any thoughts of battery park being a bit ropey were soon laid to rest. ( In fact the area feels far safer than uptown New York ) Any thoughts harboured on the &quot;Managers-reception&quot; being a one drink wonder was soon dispelled. The hotel blurb is right ,you really can unwind during the 2 hr &quot;happy hour&quot;.Breakfast was just as good as other reviewers have made out and the made to order omlettes and pancakes were great.The rest of lower manhattan is very easily accessible by foot. But you can also take the &quot;Free connexions &quot; coach ...every 10minutes from 1000hrs all around the financial district. Do check that facility out its very very good service. Use it to get to battery park to pick up a hop-on hop-off tour bus. (Hit the Water Street Deli across the way from the Stattan Island ferry terminal for a real treat in variety lunch time snaks)There is a very nice kids play area right on the waterfront and ( New Yorks best kept secret) a Century 21 discount store within easy walking distance for all you shopaholics.There are a variety eateries, drug stores and Supermarkets in the immediate vicinity open till late.A Great location, DO NOT BE PUT OFF BY ITS seeming DISTANCE from the more popular areas. Its easy to get everywhre and it IS a very peaceful Haven after the Hustle and Bustle of Uptown.Great staff, Great location, Great Rooms what more can be said. GO there for a great break.David Johns Manchester UK	
Feb 10 2004	What a lovely hotel..	We had a 3 night break in NY in 2002, it was our first visit, and we was not disappointed. We had a suite, with fanstastic views over the river. The room was beautifuly furnished and laid out, the bed was massive and comfortable. Sitting area, lovely decor and cosy. We enjoyed the buffet b'fast which was very filling!!! Though we was in the centre of manhatten financial district it was ideal for us as it is a quiet location. after all the hussle and bussle of the city it was relaxing to get back to. Definately would love to go back, hope you enjoy as much as we did.	
Feb 8 2004	Simply awesome	My husband &amp; I stayed a week 31 Jan - 8 Feb. It was perfect for our 1st trip to NYC. Everything that all other reviewers wrote - we got our room at 11am, helpful and friendly staff (Stan was great!), fantastic harbour views, fantastic breakfast - we didn't need to eat lunch, good transportation - we prefer the bus (M20) to the subway for people watching but both were convenient for uptown manhanttan, great eateries in the same building as well as around the area. We always felt safe in the neighbourhood and in fact we walked everywhere - along Battery Park to the Staten Island Ferry (there is a regular free shuttle if you don't want to walk), Wall Street, Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, Little Italy. The World Financial Centre has great eateries as well and a drugstore/minimarket. The room was very clean and new and we absolutely loved the space and peace. The high-speed internet access was great (US$10 per 24-hour block). We will definitely stay there again if we return to NYC.	
Jan 29 2004	I'M SPOILED!!!!!	I've stayed at the Embassy twice and have absolutely loved every single minute! The people there are the best! My friends and I were incredibly spoiled and it was fantastic! Exactly what a hotel should be! GIANT KUDOS TO EVERYONE WHO WORKS AT THE EMBASSY SUITES!!! WE CAN'T WAIT TO STAY THERE AGAIN!!!!	
Jan 26 2004	Embassy- the official residence and offices of an ambassador	This hotel was definitely made to reside an ambassador. The environment in the hotel was breathtaking and the harbor views were exquisite. The suites are great in size. I opted for the non- harbor view, but the room was still awesome! The room included 2 TVs, Pull out queen sofa bed, king bed, dinner- like table, mini bar, microwave, sink, umbrella, robe, Bath and Body Works toilette trees, attractive artworkÂ the list goes one. The complementary drinks were great after a hike around the city, as well as the made to order breakfast that hit the spot! The staff was friendly and very helpful. The walk to the subway was relatively short, even though it was freezing outside. Uptown- Times Square is a 10-minute maximum subway ride. Many restaurants are in the area. Taco Bell, McDonaldÂ s, ChevyÂ s (Mexican), ApplebeeÂ s are in the area, as well as pizza places and more upscale dining experiences. If any poor reviews are written about this NYC downtown hotel, I would be astonished! I plan to return ASAP. Have a great trip!	
Jan 20 2004	great deal good location	We heeded the advise of several tripadvisor reviewers and booked a room for 2 adults and 3 kids aged 11, 9, and 5. Arriving on a Saturday around noon we got into our room immediately and had a bedroom with 2 full beds and a living room with a foldout couch. We had a choice of a low or high floor and took the latter for a top (15th) floor room. Our view was only of the building next door and a bit of the harbor, plus a bit of the corner of the WTC site. We enjoyed the manager's reception free drinks and snacks and all liked the full breakfast in the morning. All the staff from the doormen, various concierge staff, and all were great. We parked at a pay lot next door for $21.95 a day. Both subway stops nearby (Cortland St and Chambers St) would have been a nice 10 minute walk in nice weather, but we had slush, and cold wind so it was a bit harsh. The hotel had nice big umbrellas for our use. We took the M20 bus from a very close bus stop (less than 5 minute walk) for our trip to the theater district and it was very handy and of course let us off just steps from our theater on 46th street. We had an excellend and reasonably priced dinner at Chevys mexican restaurant on the first floor where the waitstaff was very friendly and good with the kids. We would recommend this hotel to anyone with kids who needs some room or people who don't mind staying downtown and want extras like breakfast.	
Jan 19 2004	loved every minute of it	where to start!! this was a great hotel in all respects. I booked this as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday and he was very impressed!!! loved the size of the rooms and the breakfast was wonderful, so too were the managers drinks reception. This is great when youve been shopping all day! The location is good too, although in downtown, i actually prefered it to midtown. Pier 17 is a must if only for the great views of brooklyn bridge. Go and enjoy!	
Jan 7 2004	Super stay	It was my second time in the Embassy Suites and again it was super. Even my friends ask me for the adress already. Thanks!	
Jan 5 2004	Terrific Value Accomodation!	My wife and I have stayed in many British and European Hotels but this was our first time in New York. We loved the suite and really enjoyed the view over the river to New Jersey in spite of a messy building site immediately in front of the hotel. Breakfast was excellent although on one morning the queues were long. The staff were friendly and we thought the free evening drinks was a great idea!. The modern art decor is a matter of taste but overall we were very impressed by this hotel . The quiet location was nice to get back to afer a hectic day. Well done to the Embassy Suites.	
Dec 30 2003	Great place for families	Stayed here for one night 12/28/03 and we loved it- spacious suite with nice modern decor. Perfect for our family of 5. Had a harbor view and saw cruise ship on the Hudson Sunday night. Great breakfast buffet, even though a bit crowded on this holiday weekend, staff was able to keep up with the demand. The complimentary drinks and snacks in the evening were great too. Loved the movie theatre and Chevy's restaurant on site. A short walk to WTC site and very moving exhibit at St. Paul's chapel across the street from there- a must see. Also a 15-20 minute walk to China town and Little Italy, with Wall st., and Battery Park nearby too. Staff was helpful in arranging early check in as we had one sick child with us.	
Dec 2 2003	embassy staff	myself and my three sisters went to new york for the first time last week and were absoloutly thrilled with the service we recieved from the staff at the embassy hotel from checking in till departure they provided us with information on any query we had [and we had loads it being our first time in new york]with a smile and if they did not know the information we wanted they took the time to ring around and find it for us which made it easier for us to find our way to places we wanted to see and experience. the hotel itself was first class ,the bedrooms,resturants,you name it we could not find fault with anything .we will definately be recommending it to friends and relatives who are thinking of traveling to newyork.	
Nov 28 2003	We were a happy family!	I am a New Yorker and we were in town for a family function in Brooklyn. We really enjoyed Battery Park City with its wonderful views and open spaces near the water. But the hotel was the real surprise, a thoughtful kind staff and lovely decor. We were close to things in Manhattan and our family in Brooklyn. The kids loved it, highly recommend!	
Nov 17 2003	Great except thin walls	I had one major problem with this hotel: I could hear every word the people next door were saying, and also time they used the bathroom. I had to wake up when they did. I may give it one more try because it really is a beautiful hotel.	
Nov 3 2003	Solid hotel but the bellhop tried to shake me down	An altogether nice hotel, although relatively no-frills for a &quot;****&quot; establishment. The most disappointing part of my stay was when the bellboy checked my bags and reminded me that he'd not be there when I returned and I &quot;might wanna leave a tip&quot; if &quot;I wanted my bags put somewhere safer.&quot; I guess if I didn't they'd be left somewhere unsafe? What kind of service is this?	
Oct 9 2003	Couldn't have been more perfect!!	Took my grandson to New York for 3 nights and stayed in 2 queen bed suite. Not in the room much but when we were, the two TV's were great. Enjoyed popcorn every evening before going to bed as we laughed and rehashed our earlier adventures. The made-to-order breakfast to begin our mornings gave us a great boost and actually were pretty good. Unless you want an omelet skip the line for special order and go for the scrambled eggs on the bar. They go fast enough that they stay fresh. The downside of this hotel is that it is a hike to the subway going to Times Square but there is a bus that stops right in front of the hotel. And it is in a very safe neighborhood!!! My grandson love riding the buses so that was not a big deal. The staff, from checkin to checkout, were so pleasant, friendly, kind and competent. They went out of their way to make sure we had a great time in New York. Stay here!!! It's wonderful!!!	
Oct 5 2003	Awesome place	I stayed at the Embassy suites hotel mid September, with my 2 girlfriends, for a mom's mental health weekend. It was awesome. I usually stay in Midtown, so I was a little nervous about being so far away from the action. No Need! The area was very alive, clean, even residential. There was a park accross the street with kids playing soccer. I drove down on the West side highway, and it was right off that, so there was little city driving. The valet parking was steep, $45, but I didn't worry about the car until I was ready to leave.The hotel was great. While walking to our room, we saw a cruise ship leaving right out the atrium window. There was a lot of activity on the Hudson, that was fun to watch.The rooms were large and quite,except for the bathroom. It seemed as if the neighbors were in our room. We shut the door, and the problem was gone.The buffet breakfast was a great way to start the day. Very boutiful. The exercise facility was wonderful. There was even a steam room and a sauna. (My idea of happiness.) It was close to the chambers street subway, There used to be one closer, but it hasn't been reopened yet.When we returned from our shows on broadway, the area was still bustling, so we felt fine taking the subway! A great place.The only bad thing was that I left something behind, and it hasn't been found yet. I fear I won't ever get it back.A great hotel though!!	
Oct 1 2003	Had a wonderful visit	Spent last weekend at the Embassy Suites with our 3 children, 9, 7 &amp; 3 yrs old. The suite was larger than the other Embassy suites I have stayed in. the hotel is bright and welcoming. Bellman let our children ride on the luggage cart, friendly staff. We were able to check in as soon as we arrived, 4 hours early, with no problem, which was very nice. Had a view of ground zero from our room, the front of the hotel looks out onto the Hudson. The Battery Park Esplanade is lovely, many people walking, biking, etc... it is right out the front door. The hotel had many guests participating in a 5k race on Sun. morning, so the happy hour on Sat. evening was quite crowded, as was breakfast, but we were able to get a table by a window overlooking the river, and of course with 3 children, the free breakfast cannot be beat.!!! can walk to circle line ferry for ellis island and statue of liberty, also walked to subway..	
Sep 17 2003	Great place to stay	Really enjoyed our stay and the Embassy Suites. The FREE breakfast is certainly not your average free breakfast - lots and lots of chow, omelets, eggs to order, pancakes, fruit, pastry, somebody rated the coffee weak - not during the 5 days we stayed. Bus up town and past the subway is just around the corner. If you are going to use the bus and subway, spring for the $14 dollar a day pass and despite what the brochures tell you you can only transfer from subway to the bus and NOT vice versa for no charge - except if you are using the Day Pass - it really makes it easy and in the long run cheaper. The concierge staff were wonderful - they really have a lot of knowledge and are quick to find the answer if they don't. Staff was great - always friendly and when I found the stopper in the tub did not function it was fixed right away. The threaters in the building is great. The FREE drinks in the evening is wonderful - while they limit the concoctions to the simpler drinks (Dude Lebowski would be unhappy without his White Russians) and they don't serve Guinness except at the downstairs bar which isn't free. The water front is great for walking and you can see Ellis Island and the Statue of liberty from the front windows. If you want to rent a bike, take your own lock - they won't give you one at the bike rental places as they then assume the liability if they get stolen. It is pretty easy to learn the subway system (I was surprised) though we had to double back once when we didn't realize the train we were on skipped a number of intermediate stops. New York was wonderful - the people were nice as they could be (they are going to lose their reputation if they keep this up for long - or is their chutzpah just urban legend.) Stay at the Embassy Suites - very nice indeed.	
Sep 15 2003	Some problems	The major pluses here were the spacious room and the view of the harbor. The room itself was nice, although I could hear people arguing in the evening, and the next morning I could also hear their shower running. The staff were quite friendly and courteous. The major problem with this hotel was the breakfast and drinks. It is true that the breakfast is made to order, but what is the point of made to order pancakes if they are served with little containers of Kraft's synthetic syrup? The pineapple was not fresh. The coffee was weak. Etc., etc. And the situation was not much better for drinks in the evening -- my husband's vodka and tonic was just fine, but my cosmopolitan was truly unpleasant. Just be warned that this hotel has its drawbacks before you book!	
Aug 24 2003	Goin to NYC ? Trust me stay here!!!	Having visited NYC twice before ( 1st = marriage proposal, 2nd = U2 at Madison Square Gardens) I had already experienced much of the sublime along with some of the ridiculous that make this filmscape city so highly regarded and loved. On the hotel front, 'value' normally means paying horrendous rates to sleep in bog standard room and be surrounded by uptight business people or the upper tax bracket mob who'd complain if the front desk staff didn't greet them every day with a sickly inane grin. I'd stayed in tourist trap central (42nd street) and I'd stayed in 'boutique style' dump so needed to find some wracky style value for money! Well look no further people, this is it. Situated on the quiet banks of the Hudson River (next to the more laid back Financial District) and within touching distance of the bus,taxi,subway,water taxi systems this has to be a jewel in the embassy suites crown! You'll leave your roomy pristine suite of a morning to be greeted with sunshine pouring into the huge lobby atrium (14 odd floors high) and a panoramic view of the Hudson, sit yourself at a table and load yourself up for the day with FREE buffet brekkie with cooked to order omelettes. Other than starving yourself, this will save you alot of dosh. After a hard day covering this vast metropolis you will return to the same bar to be served FREE beer and cocktails by friendly waitresses from 5.30pm- 7.30pm! Remember, you are in Manhattan not Heaven ! Got kids in tow ? No problem, they'll have ample restaurants to choose for a burger &amp; fries followed by a choice of movies on the multi-screen cinema which are all part of this stunning hotel complex so they won't even have to leave the building ! On a more sombre note, it is obviously worth mentioning that only 1 block across the road, is the gaping chasm of Ground Zero. Hopefully, this should not be a deterrant to staying, but a lasting memory of incomparable bravery in a city that experienced unbelievable horror and continues, as does this hotel, to rise up through the ashes !	
Jul 8 2003	First time in NYC and Loved IT!	IT was our first time and we loved NYC! The hotel was excellent! The breakfast was a bonus and terrific for a family of five!!! They waited on our every need! Thank you for a wonderful stay!	
Jun 17 2003	Room to roam	Great room, meals, happy hour,staff. You can self park next to hotel for $22 for a 24 hour period. A bit far from the subway and not near most of NYC's attractions, but lots of taxies out front. Cost about $14 to go to midtown, $10 to Chinatown. Hotel is next to 16 screen movie house and a good bagel shop. You can see the WTC site from the rooms facing east... The health club was a bit messy but big. Best tip... get a haircut in one of the many shops in Chinatown...and do take the subway at least once. My kids loved the experience...	
Jun 2 2003	Very Nice Hotel	This was a wonderful hotel located right next to the Twin Towers site. The staff were courteous and very friendly. The doorman, Willie who assisted us upon arrival and departure is extremely helpful as well as a pleasure to speak with. He started our trip, and ended it with a pleasant hello, handshake, and spirited conversation. It was a pleasure to stay at such a great hotel. This hotel also was a critical site following the September 11th attacks. It was humbling, to be so near the WTC site, and an honor to stay in a hotel staffed with people who were so helpful following the attacks!	
Apr 27 2003	Great suite in Tribeca for a great price!	Location is a bit out of the heart of things, but that's what makes it such a great place. It's a safe area and it's quite. Minutes from everything, well appointed rooms, lots of space, great breakfast. Don't go for the Hudson view as there's a lot of construction at the moment, and the view's dodgy. Requested a downgrade to a regular suite though, which was not a problem. Staff was helpful, room was clean, price was great. Looking forward to going back on future theatre weekends.	
Apr 14 2003	16th Birthday Treat	Any parent that wonders where to take a teenager in New York City - THIS IS THE PLACE! Room to roam without leaving the facility, awesome movie theatres complete with neon lights on 6 levels, trusted security and hotel staff, fabulous view surrounded by parks and interesting places to take photos, and very very good restaurants. This complex allows teenagers (2 or more) the freedom to part from their parents for short periods of time while still experiencing NYC. Within walking distance for the entire family is Soho, Tribeca, and several parks and artistic areas which fascinated my teenager. We all loved the hotel and wish we had spent more time in this area instead of uptown NYC. Hotel staff was like family by the time we left.	
Feb 24 2003	Superb Hotel		
Feb 18 2003	poor service; 10% satisfaction guarantee		
Feb 18 2003	Fabulous - Would Recommend it to Everyone.		
Jan 23 2003	Great Place to stay !		
Jan 17 2003	What A View!		
Jan 6 2003	Breakfast to Die For!		
Dec 17 2002	Embassy Suites Fabulous		
Dec 14 2002	Super stay!		
Dec 3 2002	Best View! Best Breakfast! Best Room!		
Oct 28 2002	For the money they have to do better		
Sep 11 2009 	????		
Aug 30 2009 	Génial!		
Aug 28 2009 	Empfehlenswert vor allem für Touristen		
Jul 11 2009 	Klasse Hotel mit super Service auch über den Urlaub hinweg		
Jul 3 2009 	Emplacement idéal à très bon prix		
Jun 9 2009 	Super Preis-/Leistung für NYC-Verhältnisse		
May 18 2009 	excellent choix		
Apr 17 2009 	bien la vue		
Apr 13 2009 	"quelques désagréments avec des enfants"		
Apr 1 2009	Schöner Aufenthalt mit Blick auf den Hudson		
Mar 30 2009 	Perfetto..ma lontano dalla fermata della metro		
Feb 16 2009 	Trés bon rapport qualité/prix		
