	good for leisure great location at a reasonable price	Room was clean and pretty big for NYC standards, TV, hair dryer, additional blankets and all first necessities were available. Only negative note: we saw several reception staff, friendly and not, but generally not prepared to give information of any sort. Overall if your purpose is tourism and your main need is a reasonable but confy room, then you're in the right place.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great place but no internet	I got a room from hotwire and got a great deal. It's very convenient with a very large room. The only complaint I have is that the room has no internet connection which is inconvenient, and it is still a three star hotel! I think it would not be a good place to stay if you are there on business. In fact my husband had to go to the lobby to get wireless connection since he had to work.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location huge rooms great value!	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! The room was huge, with two queen size beds (although we paid for two twin beds), a big couch, two tables, full kitchen, and big bathroom. This room was bigger than my apartment in my hometown. Great value for the money. Very clean, quiet, and it had even free internet and tens of utensils in there.	
Nov 10 2009 	Convenient location	The hotel is at a convenient location from Grand Central and 42st Street. The rooms are big and we had a view on the EMpire State. Most of the staff is friendly. On the bad sides: poor phonic insulation (and yes drivers use their horn a lot in NY) and on the last day I found a bottle cap which was not ours under the bed so I wonder about the overall cleaning effort there.	
Oct 17 2009 	No Heat	My wife and I have stayed here many times, and mostly love it. But they dropped the ball big time this week. There was no heat in the entire hotel for the three nights we were there, and the temperatures outside reached the 30's. We froze. Another guest told me that the lock on his door was broken and the hotel did not fix it until the next morning; they had all there their in the room, but they had to stay in another room. Inexcusable. Great place, if there are no problems.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location terrific value kitchens real bonus.	Three blocks from Grand Central Station, less than 10 minute walk to Times Square, made the location very central. The suites were very clean and spacious. The kitchens were great, we saved some money from dining out. Would definetly recommend.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean hotel in great area.	We just spent 4 nights in Murray Hill East Hotel. Loved the location: close to lots of restaurants, transportation, shopping. Hotel is clean. Nice furnishings. Staff is friendly and helpful. On the downside: the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom door would not stay closed, lots of street noise at night, wireless internet only in the lobby,	
Oct 8 2009 	Great  spacious and reasonable price	Not the most savvy Hotel in NY but you cant beat price and location. Its in a neoighborhood like setting and quiet. Our room had a kitchenette which is perfect for small children that constantly want something to snack on. I would recommend this hotel!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel	This was a really nice hotel, large room with kitchenette liked the coffee maker, close to everything in Manhattan. Great Restruants on 3rd Ave. Would stay here again. The staff was great.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location Great price!	For the amount that we paid for this hotel, I was actually shocked to see what we got.We had our own kitchen, with a fridge, stove, microwave and a dishwasher (I don't even have a dishwasher at home!). We had a king size bed, as well as a pull out couch. The couch wasn't that comfortable, but what can you expect from a pull out couch.The staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed directions to places.Grand Central Station was right around the corner. The Empire State Building was about a 15-20 minute walk from the hotel. Times Square was about the same distance.The only thing I would change is offering WIFI in the whole hotel, rather than just the front lobby.I would defiantly stay here again when I get the chance to go back to NYC.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel close to all NY attractions	This hote is fabulous. I stayed here 7 nights in late September 09. The kitchen was great, and featured a small fridge, oven and cook top, as well as utensils. The room was massive, and had a lounge area, separate bedroom and bathroom. The hotel was clean and the service staff were very efficient. There is a laundry room, although I didn't use it. The gym was small but there was only ever 1 other person using it whilst I was there so there were no problems. It had 2 treadmills, a weights machine, bike, stepper and hand weights. Wireless internet is available in the lobby, although quite a few times I had trouble connecting to it. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and reccommend it to any travellers wanting to visit Manhattan. Only 10 minutes walk to Times Square and 5 minutes to Grand Central Station. Loved it!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location	My wife and I spent a week here about two years ago. The location of the hotel is really great, and you can easily walk to many Manhattan attractoions from here. It's also close to Grand Central.The hotel itself was a bit worn, but hey, who travels to NY to stay in the hotel room? Not me! The room was big and had a small kitchen, so I have to say I'm very pleased with my stay here.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location good room only minor problems	I stayed in the murray hill for 5 nights with my boyfriend. For non US citizens the next information is quiet important. When we arrived we had to immediately pay the room. All the debit cards that we had didn’t work although we later used then to pay for things in supermarkets and stores without problems, as long as there was a system were one could introduce the pin of the card. So if you do not have a credit card (which was your case), take the money to pay for the hotel with you. We had to go down the street to withdraw money to pay for the hotel, and if we had known we would have brought it from home (because it is cheaper and there is a limit to the amount of money you can withdraw, at least in Portugal, and we could only pay for the whole thing in money because there were two of us with to different cards to withdraw money).When we got there we were told that our room had been upgrade. We had booked the cheapest room for two people and I’m not really sure what we were given because the bed was only a double bed. The room was huge and with everything one might need. The kitchenette had cutlery, plates, cups, frying pan, a cutting board… basically everything you need to cook. The cleaning of the room in the morning included the washing of the dishes which was very nice. The room was fairly clean without any major thing to report. We stayed in the 8th floor and the room was very quiet and we almost couldn’t hear any outside noise. The air conditioner seemed to work fine but we didn’t turn it on because the room was always cool even thought it was extremely hot outside. For me, the only problem in the room was the mattress. Incredibly soft and bumpy. Not very comfortable.The location of the hotel was great. We were just 5-10 min away from the grand central station and from there we could take the subway to anywhere in the city. Near the hotel there is a supermarket with everything you need as well as some bars. To go out at night it was not the best place, but again the subway is just 10 min away.Overall, we were very happy with the hotel that we chose to stay in New York and I definitely recommend it to anyone who is going to this city on a low budget and that doesn’t want/need a fancy hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Cheap and covenient	Got this hotel through Hotwire for $103 a night. Not bad for a 5 night stay. The room was huge compared to rooms I've had before. Stayed at the Renaissance and Hotel Sofitel in New York, where the rooms where have the size and double and triple the prices, respectively. I wanted to go cheap so that I could spend on sight seeing, shopping, and eating. There's a recession this year, and I don't want to further myself into debt!What I didn't like about the rooms were that the carpet, couches, and bedspread were very dated and dark. The darker the better to hide the grime, I suppose. However, with a one year old and returning to the hotel after all the walking, we were too tired to care about the cleanliness factor. The great thing is that there is a kitchen, but no dish detergent. I had brought my own dish scrubbing pads to wash my baby's bottles and spoons, but I was annoyed that there was no Palmolive in sight. There was also no microwave. We never used the stove to cook, but there are pots and pans. I really needed the fridge for the baby's milk. The bathroom was kept clean. However, my husband noticed that when he ripped open a sugar packet, that the maid did not throw it away, but rather put it back with the other sugar packets. So she wasn't that attentive. The locale is great because it is 5 minutes from Grand Central station, where we hopped the Subway. We even walked in the rain from Times Square to the hotel and from the hotel to MoMA, about 20-30 minutes because we were tired of using the Subway. So a few spots are a comfortable distance to the hotel. There was also a CVS that I would send my husband to for Bengay for my aching knees or diapers a couple of blocks away. Great Cuban eatery close by at $20 for 2 people. The best thing about this hotel was the location. It wasn't a romantic or glamorous spot, but good for families with children or singles with friends who need a cheap place in the middle of the city to stay. Very good value for the price.	
Jun 15 2009 	PERFECT LOCATION	First trip with the family (5) to New York City. Stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites Hotel as a recommendation from some good friends. Rooms are large and we had a kitchenette which was helpful for economical morning breakfasts. This was a former apartment building so the rooms are larger than your average hotel. Yes as in previous reports the rooms are dated but they were spotless. Housekeeping brought extra towels without even being asked. Excellent and safe location. Times square and grand central station are easy walking distance. Grocery store D'agostino Supermarkets Inc is about 3 blocks away located on 3rd. Walgreens is close as well. Try Daniel’s Bagels located at 569 3rd Ave (2 blocks away). These Bagels are the real deal! Ray in the Hotel office was great. Extremely patient and helpful with suggestions. No problems with room, check in,rate, billing etc! Would stay again no problem.	
May 12 2009 	Decent hotel good area but management issues	I have stayed at this apartment hotel in NYC for over 20 yrs about 5 wks per year. It is in a good neighborhood with all the conveniences....drycleaners, nail salons, shoe repairs, grocery, restaurants and delis. It is a little worn around the edges so they are finally beginning to rennovate. They have studios, 1 bedrooms and a couple 2 bedrooms. Spacious and good for families. Full kitchens and pretty clean though a little worn. You would walk by it on the street and believe it was just another apartment bldg. However the manager there is the WORST at confirming rates, taking care of problems and communicating in general. You can call 10 times and even though he knows we are valued clients he will not return calls, confirm reservations or rates. In all my years in business I have never seen a hotel behave like this. If I were you I would book over the internet and not go through him or the reservations there as I feel that is dicey. After recently being overcharged by $90 he is refusing to credit me or return my calls. That is just bad behavior and bad business. The ppl at the front desk are friendly but behind them is just bad behavior and management.	
May 7 2009 	Very Nearly Perfect!	The first thing I said when we'd entered our suite and set down our bags was &quot;I could LIVE here!&quot; We got it for a mere $132 a night on Priceline, and we had no idea it was going to be a beautiful L-shaped studio suite with a fully-equipped kitchenette, a living area with a flat screen TV, a dining table, 3 closets, a comfy queen bed, full en suite bath, home-style lighting fixtures and Japanese art that matched the bed spread. We couldn't believe it -- an oven, in our hotel room! We're budget travelers, and we were blown away by how huge and well-appointed it was. Even the door keys were real metal keys. Turning a former apartment building into a hotel was a great idea. It was our home sweet home for two brief nights, and I was sad to leave!The staff was wonderful and very responsive. At one point our toilet got stopped up, and housekeeping responded immediately and fixed the problem. On our first night, some frat boys in a room down the hall sounded like they were getting violent, and all I had to do was talk to the front desk clerk and we never heard a peep from the boys again. Housekeeping also kept our room nice and clean, with plenty of fresh towels. We didn't get to use the free gym or laundry room, but they’re there.The Murray Hill neighborhood is delightful; low-key but cheerfully lively, with restaurants to fit every budget, and lots of fun shops. I saw many people with dogs – this is a true residential neighborhood that probably sees less tourism that more famous New York neighborhoods. Yet it's close to Grand Central, the subway and bus service. We suspected there might be a boarding kennel nearby, having heard a group of dogs barking a few times at reasonable hours. Totally not a problem for us.Only one thing wasn't perfect; the rooms don't have wifi. This wouldn't be a problem for many travelers, but geeks like us need our connectivity, as do most business travelers. Wifi in the lobby wasn't really a solution. We jerry-rigged wired laptop connectivity in our room through my partner's PDA, but not everybody is able to do that. We would have gladly paid by the day for wifi, and I really do hope they’re working on getting it into the rooms. It would make an extraordinary hotel experience perfect.Other than that, we couldn't have asked for a lovelier stay. The only problem now is that we've been spoiled! We can only afford hotels through discounters and bidding sites, so our only hope is that we get lucky and land ourselves at The Murray Hill East through Priceline or Hotwire again. I actually miss it!	
May 5 2009 	Good hotel great location!	My husband and I were up in NYC for the Five Boro Bike tour. Room was big enough for both of our bikes. Had a nice little kitchette. Walls are alittle thin, so we could here our neighbors arguing, but other than that a good hotel. NIce staff, allowed us to keep our luggage checked until we got back from the bike tour. Parking was $25 for 24 hours at a nearby garage. The location is really what makes this hotel great. Two blocks from Grand Central, where you can get a subway to anywhere else in the city. A quieter neighborhood than near Times Square. We would definitely stay here again.	
May 2 2009 	Ok Ok	We booked our 3 nights stay based on the discounted price for Manhattan. Is near to grand central. Room was Ok as per new york's standards but had a full kitchenette. Staff didnt have our room ready for 4 hours even after us calling from the airport and they confirming it was ready. Door man was a real rude fellow probably frustrated by having to work on the 1st of Jan. The housemaid's trolley was parked next to elevator on the narrow passage leading to our room for the entire duration of our 3 night stay. Receptionist wasnt a real help in booking our cab for our return to JFK.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good Value in Manhattan	The location is great, only a 5-minute walk to Grand Central. Plenty of restaurants nearby, from casual to elegant. The rooms are huge by Manhattan standards. Heat and hot water were available all the time. The mattress is nice and firm. Sheets are clean although they were never changed during my entire 7-night stay. I consider myself a clean person so that did not bother me as much. The bathroom is clean and functional. The kitchen is old but again functional. The biggest problem for a business traveler is that there is no internet access inside the rooms. Free WiFi is available in the lobby only. I suppose if you request a room on the first floor you will be close enough in range to get internet in your own room. Since the ventilation system is very old, you can smell the cigarette smoke or someone else's cooking if you don't close the vents in your bathroom and/or kitchen. But all in all, I am satisfied with my stay, especially considering how much I paid. I will consider staying here again whether it is for pleasure or business.	
Mar 2 2009 	Thoroughly adequate	I stayed here about a year ago and the room on the second floor was garbage. Torn and stained linens, dirty bathroom and carpets. This time I was on the sixth floor and things were much nicer. I'm not sure if the fixed things up or I was just lucky. You can tell this is a former apartment building. Bathroom was clean and functional. Shower was so-so. Kitchen with all necessary utensils (pot, pans, glasses, silverware) is a nice plus. There was only one small tv in the living room sitting on a cart. A bedroom tv would be nice. Orbitz had the room for $119. Rack rate was $159. Check before you book. There is a small fitness center and laundry in the basement. As the title says, thoroughly adequate.	
Feb 24 2009 	Excellent location HUGE rooms	This hotel was an old apartment building, and given that, the rooms were very large for NYC standards. We had a bedroom area with closet space, a full kitchen, a sitting area and an eating area with dining room table. It was literally three times the size of any room I've ever stayed in in NYC. The room was quite dated and is in need of an upgrade, but if you're in Manhattan, you shouldn't be spending that much time in the room anyhow. We were placed on the ground level, which also provided us with a outdoor garden area accessible by a private door off of our room. Being on the ground floor definitely had pros and cons... the patio area was nice to have, but there are only two guest rooms on the ground floor. The fitness room is on this level, but everything else was employee areas (laundry room, an office, and the maintenence areas). It felt like a dungeon down there and was kind of creepy, and the employees are constantly up and down the elevator, talking, laughing and slamming doors. The location of the hotel was PERFECT. It was walking distance to anything we needed... Grand Central Station, Empire State building, delis, corner stores, restaurants, etc. We had no problem getting cabs anywhere and the distance to the airport was short as well. All of the staff that we did come into contact with were very friendly. This hotel was a great value (we booked on Hotwire). I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Location weird smell	We stayed at the hotel for a long weekend on Jan 29- Feb . The location of the hotel is amazing. Right around the hotel there are pubs and restaurants that you can easily sit back and have a good meal. Just three blocks away is Central Station and the Chrysler building. Times Square is about an easy 15 min walk with a group. Less then 10 if by yourself. The hotel itself was old, but not bad. The hallway smelt like something had died, but it did not carry over into the rooms. The rooms themselves were like going to grandma's house. It was clean, but not too comfortable. Overall I would go back to this hotel for the price and location.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great staff and ideal location	We booked these apartments knowing the location would suit our needs, they were in a fantastic place. The rooms are quiite basic but meet everyone's needs, remember you only sleep and shower in a NYC room!We had 5 adults in our 1 bedroom suite and there was loads of room.Our friends stayed as well and they had a view of the Empire State, we were on the opposite side and it was a very quiet room on the 11th floor, again for NYC unusual.The staff were excellent, recommendations, booked our return taxt far cheaper than direct booking $40 less for the return trip to JFK.We were 20 minutes from Times Sq, 15 from Empire State, 5 from Grand central so excellent.Would recommend and excellent value for money	
Feb 14 2009	Smells and rude service	The room smelled like smoke and the bathroom looks old. The place I think use to be an apartment and somehow it must have been turned into a hotel. The staff at the front counter was quite rude, plus they were never there. They were always at the back or the few times they were there she was on her cell phone.	
Feb 4 2009 	Shabby great location clean 	We stayed here in December 2008 and had booked through a late deal company, so we didn't pay full price. The suite was very large and had a small kitchenette, tv and en-suite and was clean and warm, as well as being quiet and centrally located. This hotel could really, really benefit from a refurb, the kitchenette was a little like being in your gran's house that'd not been decorated for 40 odd years and the non-electric hob-top kettle reflected this! The bed was saggy and had old-fashioned sheets and blankets. On the other hand this would've been absolutely perfect for a family with small children and what more do you really need other than somewhere clean, warm etc? I still think the prices even though reduced were high and British tourists will be disappointed by how little your money gets you in NYC.	
Jan 11 2009 	Fantastic Experience	I stayed here while in NYC for my younger sister's 21st birthday, and it far exceeded my expectations. I'd booked the room through Hotwire, so I didn't know I would be staying here until I had actually committed to pay the rate they'd quoted. ($79 plus tax, which came to $104 total. They also require a $20 credit card deposit at check-in)I checked in around 9pm and was greeted by a very friendly staff member, who actually gave us a free upgrade to a 1-bedroom suite (room 807). The room had one bedroom with two double beds, a living room with a pull-out couch, a table big enough to eat dinner at, and a full kitchen. The room was clean and smelled fresh, the beds were comfortable, and everyone who worked there was incredibly friendly. I asked the front desk staff for a couple of favors (mainly holding things of mine behind the desk while I was out on the town) and they were always cheerful and accommodating (I just wish I caught their names so I could give them a shout-out here!) The elevators are indeed a bit dated/slow, but they worked perfectly well while we were there. It's also true that the walls are rather thin, but in our case we were coming back to the hotel pretty late at night anyway so that wasn't an issue. As for location, this one is pretty outstanding. It's three blocks (about a six-minute walk, depending on the crosswalk lights) to Grand Central Station, and is also very convenient to the Empire State Building, Macy's and Fifth Avenue. If you like exploring cities on foot, this is an ideal spot to start from. We spent the last part of our night down in the East Village (St. Mark's area) and it was about a $9 cab fare (tip included) to get back home at the end of the night.So overall, I can't say enough good things about this place. I will definitely be staying here again the next time I am in New York.	
Dec 24 2008 	Brilliant	We were a bit worried after reading reviews that the hotel was dated and lifts didn't work but we needn't have worried. We were extremely happy with this hotel. Our room (510) was clean, comfortable, spacious and in an excellent location. Just a few blocks from Central Station. The small kitchenette was a bonus. Would definitely go back to this hotel again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Liked Murray Hill East Suites	This hotel is a great location and the staff was excellent. Room was large and perfect for the 2 of us!	
Dec 9 2008 	Less Than Expected	This renovated apartment building was described as a 3-star hotel but dated and dusty furniture, thin walls, problematic cable TV, bent mini-blinds, worn rugs, and some peeling paint on the baseboards suggested otherwise. Although the water went out our first morning staff corrected the problem within 20 minutes, and they were generally friendly. On the positive side, the hotel is in a good location right off of 3rd Ave, with a number of bar, diners, and restaurants nearby. This may be a moderately priced place for guys to use as their headquarters during a boys' weekend in Manhattan, but women and families will not be happy with the worn feeling of the rooms.	
Dec 4 2008 	Brilliant Hotel - Honest Review Please Read!!	I know a lot of reviews (not just on here) have suggested the hotel is tatty, outdated and has some rude staff however i felt that i should write a fair and honest review based on our recent experience (November 27th to December 2nd 2008). We found the hotel to be clean and tidy and the staff helpful and friendly (maybe some reviewers on here don't get the New York way that a lot of people there have!!!). I asked for a room high up to avoid traffic noise and to get a bit of a view and the desk lady gave us room 810 which was the highest free room she had available. There were 2 lifts, both working, clean and with enough space for 4 people and bags to get up and down easily. Our room was huge, one big double bed, a kitchenette and a medium en suite with fresh towels and toiletries provided. We also had a sofa, table and chairs and a tv. Ok so the tv was an old style one like some reviewers have mentioned however there was nothing wrong with the reception. I think if you go to New York and end up watching loads of tv then you are very sad indeed as there is so much to see and do in the city. Also it's even worse than watching it in the UK because there are adverts every 5 minutes or less!!!! Our room was cleaned every day too with fresh towels. The location of the hotel was perfect, Grand Central Station is 3 blocks away and the Murray Hill area has lots of very good local amenities. We walked to most sites as the weather was great and if you are relatively fit you won't find it a struggle (just have a couple of blisters on my feet now though). We both think that if you get cabs or trains everywhere you will miss a lot of the sites and sounds of everyday New York life which is part of the whole experience. If you want a well priced hotel that is clean well located with friendly staff then you can't do any better than this one. I will try and add some photos when i get time.	
Nov 30 2008 	Worn out furniture saggy beds -- would be great if only they'd update!	Went with my two adult daughters to NY and got a spacious one-bedroom (2 beds in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living room) for the weekend at what we thought was a fair price. But when we opened the sofa-bed and saw the dingy mattress with all the springs visible under a worn-out layer of fabric, we were appalled. We flipped each other for who would have to try to sleep on that thing. The double beds in the bedroom were acceptable but not so great, either -- with saggy mattresses that definitely needed to be replaced. The kitchenette hadn't been cleaned well; the microwave was dirty inside; we hadn't been given a full set of towels; the TV remotes didn't work and the TV was left unplugged (we had to hunt for the outlet to plug it back in). Also, we were told the hotel had Wifi but they forgot to mention that the Wifi works only while you're in the lobby. A few good things: the hotel is very centrally located, easy to walk to lots of places, it's relatively quiet, and we thought the staff seemed nice .... if a bit overworked. But it's not a great bargain hotel when the beds are so old and saggy that no one can get a good night's sleep! If they just updated the beds, TVs and furnishings, I would have a lot of good things to say. But right now, I'd say it's not a good deal.	
Nov 19 2008 	Highly Recommend!	We stayed at Murray Hill Suites for one night, it was great. When we checked in we were upgraded to a larger room, which had two double beds and a pull-out couch. The room was HUGE, bedroom was separate from living room and we also had a small kitchen (although we didnt really need it as we only stayed one night). The doorman was so nice, running out in the rain to get cabs for us. The location was great, only a few blocks from grand central station. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an inexpensive room in NYC with a lot of room and a good location. The only con about this hotel is the decor, it is dated but in NYC you're never in your room anyways!! Regardless of the decor, the room was clean and I felt very safe.	
Nov 2 2008 	This place is a little oasis in Manhattan	Here was the problem! Our first time in New York staying for a week and we wanted to stay in a central location to all the sites. A family consisting of myself, my wife and two teen aged daughters who want their own space and do not want to share a room with their parents. As you may of discovered, New York is expensive if you want to stay in a hotel room but double it and it loses its appeal somewhat. The answer is Murray Hill East Suites. They are not the finished item to be honest but they offer the kind of accommodation rarely found that is suitable for families. The rooms/apartments are large and there was plenty of space for the 4 of us with the kids in their own room and my wife and I in the lounge sleeping on a very comfortable bed settee. Yes the room decor is dated but the rooms are very clean with maid service every day. The kitchen looked as if it was made by a school kid trying out his dads carpentry tools for the first time and needs renewing completely but it was functional with all the items you will need but you will probably not need them as the restaurants near by are ace.We only had a few gripes with the place and that was when we arrived we were given a room on the ground floor overlooking the road and next to the lobby, this was the noisiest room I have stayed in and complained immediately but was told by the obnoxious youngish male receptionist that there was no other rooms available but to check the next day to see if one was. Luckily after another encounter with the receptionist the next day we were able to move to the 6th floor to a room facing the back of the hotel, this was perfect and the helpful doorman moved our bags for us as we were out on the town at the time. A word of warning if you are given a ground floor room only accept it if you like to hear every one entering the hotel and all the traffic on the street. Lastly Murray Hill please do something about the doors to the rooms as they don't fit well and slam every time they are used. Very annoying when trying to sleep.Over all the hotel was a very good bolt hole and apart from the minor problems, I would recommend a stay at the Murray Hill Suites, they just need to train their staff in customer service a bit more!!	
Oct 31 2008 	Horrible!!!	I made a reservation at this hotel and canceled my reservation within the same day due to a change in my plans. When the date came around for when I was suppossed to stay a charge of $505.22 was deducted out of my checking account. So I called the hotel and asked why I was charged this money, they said I never showed up for my reservation and that I did not cancel. I was furious!!! It took a whole week of speaking to every department of that hotel to get my money back. I finally got reimbursed by having to send them a copy of my phone bill showing i called twice in that one day to cancel. A cancellation number was given to me, but i had lost it and apparently so did they. So I got the phone bills out and proved them wrong!!! The management of this hotel are scumbags who deleted my cancellation number and tried to get me for $505.22. Unbelievable!! i will never recommend this place to anyone!!!!	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Base for your Touring!	two married couples and a single lady needed clean, comfortable accommodation - not too expensive - for a base while touring in New York and we checked on trip advisor and found fairly good reviews on Murray Hill East Suites. We originally booked one Junior Suite and a one bedroom room because any larger rooms anywhere seemed to be too expensive. When we got to Murray Hill they offered us a two bedroom/two bathroom with sofa bed in living room so we could all go in together. Also had living room/kitchen area. Absolutely perfect! Desk staff and door man very helpful - we needed extra wine glasses and an extra frying pan and they were cheerfully provided. Close to all amenities although the three block walk to Grand Central Station seemed to get longer every time we did it. Had a room on the back of the hotel so very quiet. Kitchenette very limited facilities but great for cooking English Breakfast every day and then loading dishwasher as we went out. All in all would have no hesitation either recommending Murray Hill or staying there again if we ever go back to New York.	
Oct 26 2008 	Lots of room - nice staff	This was my second stay at Murray Hill Suites, both times I booked through the website &quot;apartments2book.com&quot;. I highly recommend this hotel.Had a one bedroom (king) with small kitchen, dining area and living room with a great view of the Empire State building. While the decor is dated, the rooms are very clean and spacious. The staff is always so nice and helpful. Close to Grand Central station for the subway. Good restaurants and a neighborhood grocery just down the street. My last visit in fall 2006 we had a larger one bedroom (two queen beds).	
Oct 10 2008 	My NYC Home Away From Home	For the past eight-years I’ve stayed at least once or twice a year at the Murray Hill East Suites, and it feels like my home-away-from-home when doing business in Manhattan.The central location and friendly neighborhood can’t be beat, the suites are unusually large for New York, and the kitchen and dining area make life easier when you get back late and want to eat what you want to eat, not just what’s around the neighborhood.The hotel is very clean, the beds comfortable, the water pressure good, and the staff is efficient!OK, the décor is vintage and a bit frayed in some suites, but with Manhattan rates going in the $400 to $600 range per-night, this is a wonderful alternative for “real” people.If you’re looking for posh elegance, or five-star amenities, and a snobby staff, then the Murray Hill is NOT for you. If you want homey, casual, clean, comfortable and roomy place to relax after a day of work, then this is the ticket.I’ll be in NYC again next month, and got into the Murray Hill-- in my book one of the more conveniently located and top-ten places to stay in the city, you can walk to Broadway, great restaurants, and Grand Central!	
Oct 7 2008 	definitely my first choice when in new york	my husband and I stayed 3 nights at this hotel and we couldn't have dreamed a better experience, This was our first time in New York and weren't sure what to expect. The staff at check in was wonderful, very friendly and offered to give directions to eateries still open late after our late night flight., When we arrived in our room it was not smoking that we had requested and they immediately moved us to a smoking room that was larger and on a higher floor than our original reservation. I had read other reviews that the rooms needed to be updated but ours had new carpet, paint and linens. The only drawback to the room was there was only a very small television in the living room and none in the bedroom. The full kitchen and separate bath in the hall was perfect for not bothering each other when one was sleeping and it was so nice to come in from a long day and be able to sit in the living room and relax before bed. The front desk staff were amazing! We left our expensive camera in a taxi and with the help of the front desk we were able to get it back., They placed the calls to the necessary people and helped us arrange delivery after it was located. We never had to wait for a taxi and the doorman would run down to the corner and find one before we could get out the door,The neighborhood was quiet and safe. We walked alot at night and felt perfectly comfortable. The location was perfect, close to everything with easy subway access and lots of local eateries and bars,If we are ever lucky enough to get back to NY this will definitely be our first choice in accomodations.	
Sep 30 2008	good Hotel rude desk staff	We stayed at Murray Hill from the 20thl 26th Sept: We have late arrival to Hotel from JFK. almost midnight: The person on the desk was not&quot;welcoming at all&quot; and then started to argue that we had not paid: AFter long flight did not need this attitude: We had paid and had to produce(good job brought with us) our amount we paid,and he still argued until he finally grasped it said PAID:Given room on 3rd floor facing road:Dont go there:so much noise its like being in the middle of New York on the road?Apartment was fine,exzcept kitchen: badly needs update: and everyone that uses the cupboards has to be at least 6ft tall(unable to understand that one) I am 5ft.3ins:? Moved to sixth floor after two days of complaining to back of Hotel: Dont book front rooms:As was said in other reviews I have read: Doorman great and helpful: Desk staff arrogant and very unhelpful most of the time:Would still return for spacious living,everything cleaned and immaculate in rooms,all dishes washed up every day: room service were excellent in how they cared for the rooms:Need to sack their day staff?Lesley Gibbs England:	
Sep 26 2008 	Hello! The 1970’s called.. ITS TIME TO UPDATE	The Murray Hill East Suites, located on 39th and 3rd in Manhattan has got to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The décor is almost indescribably horrible. All of the furniture, bedding and appliances (inc. the TV) are from the 70’s. The carpet is sea green, the Curtains are Black with a floral print. And on top off their lumpy beds and old pillows are Pink Sheets, is a Black floral print duvet covers that come complete with a weathered “Butt Print” at the edge of the bed to showcase where people have been sitting down over the last 40 years! Ewww! One positive—room is a pretty decent size for Manhattan, and It does have an on suite kitchenette. The bathroom is Tiny but Clean. (watch out for the hair dryer that looks like a vacuum!) Do yourself a favor, and spend a few extra bucks for a place that is 1. In a decent location 2. doesn’t qualify as “antique” and 3. Carries simple amenities such as a Razor. (yes, that’s right. If you forget your toothbrush at the Murray Hill East, your SOL buddy!)	
Sep 9 2008 	The Best Deal In Town!!!!	This hotel is located in a great neighborhood - very close to Grand Central Station and felt very safe. I stayed by myself the first 3 nights and felt very comfortable leaving and coming back after midnight. There are some amazing restaurants &amp; bars close by and the room had a full kitchen so our leftovers didn't go to waste. We asked for a smoking room &amp; ended up with a room on the 12th floor with a huge terrace and views of the water and the Empire State Building. I couldn't have been happier with this hotel. The staff was very nice &amp; helpful and the room was very clean &amp; HUGE - quite unexpected in the middle of Manhattan. I will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great place to stay	We just spent a few days in manhatten and stayed at the murray hill suites. i booked thru [--] and got a great deal from checking on other hotel prices in the city. we booked two one bedroom apartments with two double beds in each bedroom. the website did inform us that there was a possibility we would not get our request (one bed in each bedroom instead) but apartments2book contacted me before we left and stated they had not been informed by the property that they could not honor our request.we arrived and checked in in less than 10 minutes. i had also requested the rooms be close to each other and was happy to find they were just across the hall (we were in 608 and 607 at the end of the hall) both apartments had one bedroom, two double beds in each, hair dryer, coffee pot (coffee/tea/sugar, etc.) supplied as well, microwave, toaster, full size fridge, stove with oven and dishwasher. every day, housekeeping would wash our dishes and replace towels and make beds. when we arrived, one apartment wasn't ready and the housekeeper made a special trip to tell us when it was ready for us. we had three people in each apartment and had more than enough room we found the staff (espeically karol the doorman) especially helpful with directons, questions, etc. the fitness room in the basement had several machines and small patio, and there was also a laundry room down there as well as vending machines. there is a small grocery less than a block away and a 24 hour diner (scotty's) across the street on lexington ave. that serves huge portions of food. we walked to grand central (about 3 1/2 blocks) to catch the &quot;s&quot; train to times square. from there, we could take the &quot;1&quot; train up further (50th ave area) and also used the taxis - but they scared me to death - i've never seen such a total disregard of traffic laws!. this was our first time in the city and we felt safe at the hotel and in the general area. never a problem. feel free to email me if you have any questions. i highly recommend murry hill suites.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good value great location	My mom and I went to NYC for a few days and stayed at Murray Hill East for 4 nights. Having been to NYC quite a few times for work (and staying at some really nice hotels), I found this hotel to be a great value. It's not the glamorous or fancy hotel, but the rooms are big (which is uncommon for NY), and the kitchenette is helpful. The location is great -- you're right in the middle of things. The only downfall was the lack of wifi in the rooms. There supposedly is free wifi in the lobby, but we (and other guests) always had trouble connecting during our stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel -- just know that it's a functional place to stay, and not a plush place.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Location Great Staff Great Stay	We just returned from our vacation to NYC. Murray Hill East Suites was fanatastic! Hidden gem in the middle of the Big Apple! Yes as other reviewers have noted, the decor is outdated, but everything is so clean. It was very important to us to have a full kitchen for our small kids. I cooked breakfast every morning in the suite and packed our picnic lunch each day. We stayed on the 6th floor. Heard little to no traffic noise. Had a view of the alley, but we didn't care since we only slept there. The front desk and bell hop staff were very approachable and informative. They always greeted us. A special hello goes to doorman, Karol. Housekeeping came by every morning and our room was well maintained. We are a family of 5 and stayed in a 1 bedroom suite for 1 week. We had 2 full size beds in the bedroom and a queen size pull out sofa in the living room. It was great having a dining room table for the kids to sit and eat at. Yes, as other reviewers have noted, the bathroom is small but we were able to work out a schedule where all five of us had enough time. The water pressure was strong and hot. Everyone had enough space. We loved its location. 5min to GCT. 5min to the UN. 15min to ESB. 20min to St. Pat's Cathedral. Loved having D'Agastinos Market 1 block over. Came in handy when I cooked dinner or prepared food for the kids. Will definitely stay there again. Thought the location was excellent, quiet and safe. The price was very reasonable and affordable - $1735 USD bottom line for 1 week. This was very important to us since my wife is a stay at home mother and we live off 1 income. We'll book there again.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great Location very simple	It would be extremely helpful if this hotel had a website.We stayed at this hotel on a business trip, because there weren't a lot of other hotels available in the company's price range. The hotel's location is great. This is my third trip to NY in the past year, and compared to the other hotel we stayed at, this hotel was very quiet with very little street noise. The area is good, it's a residential area, with an outstanding little Italian restaurant just across the street. The front desk staff was fairly nice. They were going through shift change as we got there, and we were never acknowledged by the female clerk, but the male clerk was very nice. When we got into our room, we noted it was very clean. The room desperately needed a decorating update.....looks like it was last done in the 1980s, and the TV is probably about 20 years old. Both beds were very comfortable, but the sheets were a bit tattered, and the bottom side of the comforter looked like it hadn't been washed for six months. On the second morning, we never received our wake-up call......the front desk claimed that the phone was off the hook/busy, but it was not.Bottom line is, if you're looking for anything with frills, this is not the hotel for you. If you're looking simply for a place to sleep at night in a nice quiet neighborhood, this will work for you.	
Jun 4 2008 	A sweet little suite	I stayed at the Murray Hill Suites in May 2008. I was going to New York for a workshop, and needed a centrally located hotel. I am a woman traveling alone, and a room that was clean, comfortable, and in a safe location was of the utmost importance to me. I booked the room through Hotwire, so I didn't know exactly which hotel I was staying at until I hit &quot;buy&quot;.I have to say I was pleasantly suprised by the Murray Hill Suites. Prices for hotels in NYC are outragous, and Murray Hill Suites were a bargain for only $165 a night.The room was huge for NYC standards. It had a ton of closet space, and the little kitchenette was perfect for storing snacks and drinks in the fridge. I did not use the stove, but I thought how nice that would be if I wanted to heat up water for tea or leftovers.The room was so clean. I looked for the dreaded hotel bedbugs, and found only pristine sheets. So it is not an uber trendy boutique hotel, with modern furnishings. The bed was quite comfortable, and the air conditioning worked great. I was met every evening with a clean, cool room.The staff was quite friendly and knowledgable. If you are looking for a decent room, in a good location, for a reasonable price in New York City, don't hesitate to book here.	
May 23 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Price	We (a group of six) stayed in a one bedroom suite with two double beds and a pull out couch for four days in May 2008. We all agreed for the money and the location it was perfect. The room was clean; the staff was friendly (and helpful). The staff was accommodating with our early flight in (arrived at the hotel at 8:30 in the morning) and our late flight out (8:40 p.m.). The décor was a little dated but the furniture was comfortable and adequate. The kitchen was a bonus which allowed us to have breakfast at the hotel before going out for the day. Not only was the room and the staff great but the location was perfect. The hotel is less than five minutes to Grand Central Station and the subway. Everything you would need is within a couple of blocks, good bars, restaurants, grocery stores, ect. The location allowed us to go back to the hotel when needed during the day and was not exceptionally out of the way. The hotel is located in a quiet area which made it easy to sleep at night. We all were exceptionally pleased with the hotel and would recommend it to other travelers.	
May 9 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	Reading some of the earlier negative reviews, I wonder If the reviewers stayed at the same hotel we did. The room was huge, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite when we checked in, very nice and clean. The location can't be beat. On a quiet side street(for New York), close to Grand Central. We booked early and got a great rate for what we received.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and would recommend the Murray Hill East Suites to anyone.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great place	I really do not understand some of these reviews. This was a wonderful place to stay. 12th floor had nice view down on a back yard area, and the room was really spacious. 2 bedrooms with 2 double beds in each, 2 bathrooms and a balcony. We made nice breakfasts in the kitchen. And it was always kept nice and clean. If anything should be said, it must be that there was some communication failures on our living arrangements. I had to strip one bed and but the sheets on the sofa bed. But other than this it was perfect..The staff was ever so helpful and friendly. I asked of everything from grocery stores to liqour store, and they were very helpful all the time.I would recommend this to anyone.	
Apr 27 2008	Loved The Hotel	It´s a excelent hotel. I was there from april 19 to 26. The hotel has excelent rooms. The hotel is located in a very central point and 10 minutes walk to times square, 5th avenue shops and central park. Very clean, the room is very big and confortble. If I travel to NY again, I am sure I´ll stay at the Murray Hill East Suit Hotel.I really enjoyed.	
Apr 11 2008 	Great place for a family!	Thumbs Up for Murray Hill East Suites! Our family of four stayed five nights, April 5-10. Our check-in was done by a pleasant fellow, and the doormen were always helpful and nice. Our 8th floor room had two double beds and a pull-out sofa. The rooms were clean and having a kitchen was great, not that we cooked but it was nice to have breakfast and or snacks in our suite.The location was perfect! Just a 6-7 minute walk to Grand Central Station where you can catch the subway. A grocery store, bagel shop &amp; deli were less than a block away. Bus transportation to the airport had a stop five minutes away. If your in to walking you can reach many sights by foot in less than 20 minutes.We requested a non-smoking room and they fulfilled our request. We were on the street side so we did notice a little street noise, I would ask for the back side of the building next time. Although the room decor was a little dated it was comfortable and clean, and we will take clean anyday over decor. The bathroom was small and the shower water pressure average (I would suggest they reduce the size of the trash can in the bathroom so it fits between the toilet &amp; sink) A TV in the bedroom would be the only thing we would add to our wish list. Our charges were correct, no problem with our bill.We viewed this as a family friendly hotel, a family of 6 could stay very comfortably in the suite. We are hooked on the location and the cleanliness and would revisit this hotel.	
Apr 7 2008	Two Star Rating is dead on	Ok so like a lot of the other reviews, I too booked a room with two beds only to learn upon arrival they had none. After agreeing to single room.We went up to the 11 floor. My key would not work in the lock.I told my friend to go back down and tell them key has an issue. When they returned I was informed the front desk proclaimed we were not using the key correctly and possible ignorant??? After some flittling, he too couldn't get it too work. Used his master key and opened it up, to find someone was currently using the room unknowingly..? They gave a us a new room on 3. After that no problems for the 6 days. Cleaning staff was excellent , rooms were 80's style but always clean. No street noise due to its location.2 Blocks from Grand Central.Walking distance from Times Square (bring comfy shoes).I may have been scammed out of $100 bucks too. They ran my card to &quot;cover inccidentals&quot; since my room was pre-paid on Priceline. We had no additional charges but.I'll check my cc bill when I get it and let citibank handle it.Long story short. For the price avg.$210 a night for NY and having a clean,centrally located, quiet place I'd still stay there again with the knowledge little things are bound to go wrong with these guys.	
Apr 3 2008 	Disappointing!	I have never been to a hotel where the desk staff are so rude and unhelpful. I must say that the doorman was always very pleasant.The suite was very spacious and the kitchen was a real bonus.The decor and the bath need updating, but the rooms were clean.It's disappointing that the first people you meet give you such a negative response.	
Mar 27 2008 	Terrible Customer Service	When we checked in they couldn’t find our reservation. After digging for a while through stacks of papers, they found it, but it did not include the last day of our stay. They told us that they did not have any open rooms for the last night. (The next day we spoke with the manager and he was able to get us a room for the last night of the trip.) We had reserved a room with two double beds and a pull-out couch, but they put us in a room with one double bed and a pull-out couch. They did bring us a roll-away bed though. Do not plan on sleeping on the pull-out couch—it is not comfortable. The next day we were able to switch to a room with a king bed and a roll-away. When we were checking out of the hotel, we waited for the elevator for 25 minutes on the seventh floor. One elevator was broken, and a garbage collector had tied up the other one. We were afraid we would be late to the airport, so we hauled our luggage down seven flights of stairs. When I got to the lobby with half of the luggage, I told the woman behind the desk about waiting 25 minutes for the elevator before carrying the luggage down the seven flights of stairs. I told her that I had to go back up to carry down the rest of the luggage, and I asked if she would watch what I had brought down. She said no.  I do not recommend this hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Terrible Customer Service	The front desk and the management was a nightmare! I booked a one bedroom suite with 2 beds. When I checked in they refused to honor the booking. They placed me in a room with one bed. I needed two beds so they agreed to put another bed in the room for an extra 20 dollars per night. I had no choice so I complied. I spoke to the manager and she said that they DO NOT honor any on-line bookings. Although I voiced my displeasure I received no satisfaction whatsoever. In all my travels I have never been more upset. The hotel was not a bad place to stay but the fact is they misrepresented themselves. To make matters worse a friend of mine checked in after me and had ordered a single bed but they placed him in a room with 2 beds. Unfortunately I was unaware of his situation until it was not worth the move. Be careful when dealing with these people. I believe they actually scammed me for the extra 100 dollars.	
Mar 21 2008	Would definitely recommend this hotel.	I stayed at Murray Hill Suites for 6 nights as a single occupant. Like other reviews I would agree that it is not the most modern of hotels but my room was extremely spacious, clean and comfortable. It had both a desk and dining table. Also a separate kitchenette which housed a stove, a ketttle, a sink and of course a range of crockery and cutlery. You have to ask housekeeping if you require a toaster and/ or microwave, which they will promptly supply. I found the kitchenette very useful for breakfast.  Most of the staff were very helpful and polite. I woulld like to say a big hello to the cleaning lady on my floor (4th). I did not find the hotel noisy like some other reviews but like any hotel it depends on who the other guests are at the time of your stay. Certainly the street the hotel is on is quiet., unlike the noise that hotel residents on Times Square face.Around the corner to the hotel are some lovely delis, a small supermarket and Murphys bar which does delicious meals. Various restaurants and bars are within walking distance.The hotel is also situated in a very good location for tourists. It is in the residential district of Murray Hill but is within walking distance of Grand Central Station. You could see the Empire State building from my room. Also Times Square and Broadway are within walking distance, although those that are unable to walk far can easily get around by the extremely good bus system. Pick up the MTA Manhattan Bus Map. I travelled alll over Manhattan by bus using a weekly MTA card costing $25 for unlimited use. You can get these in any subway station. It is a great way to see everything especially if time is short. Taxis are also relatively cheap. I would recommed a Circle Line boat trip to take in the Statue of Liberty and to see Manattan from the river, a helcopter trip and also going to the top of the Rockefellar Centre, which gives a great perspective of the whole of Manhattan.One warning - give the so called &quot;psychics&quot; a wide berth!!!! Lets just say the Ms Lisa around the corner from the hotel could see me coming.	
Feb 26 2008 	Very comfortable and if I return to NYC would happily stay here again.	We stayed here for 6 days in a 1 bedroom suite: welcoming lobby and staff, 2 elevators to floors. Although the corridor was a bit unprepossessing when we opened the door to the suite we were really pleasantly surprised. It was spacious and well-laid out, with a huge bedroom with kingsize bed, and a double roll-out in the sitting room, which easily accommodated our 16 year-old daughter. There is a small kitchen with cooker, microwave (no instructions!), tv, dishwasher and some crockery and cutlery, though few utensils.Bathroom was fine: compact but perfectly adequate, and water was hot though it needed to run. Hairdryer provided which was good in view of different voltage from UK. It isn't luxurious, but it is very comfortable and nicely located, and ideal for families with teenagers. 2 blocks from Grand Central Station (fantastic) and subway, a D'Agostino round the corner with lots of fresh and appealing food (a bit pricey but what city isn't?), a Fedex internet 'cafe' 2 doors down..... Great and highly recommended.	
Feb 11 2008 	have to admit it was a good value	this is hardly a nice place. but rooms are clean, sheets were ugly but comfortable. tv was old as dirt but worked. staff was responsive enough. if you're looking for a safe, cheap, centrally located place to stay on manhattan, you could do a lot worse. but this place is certainly nothing special.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Location HUGE rooms	We recently spent two nights at Murray Hill East. As other reviewers have mentioned, the place isn't exactly modern, but it was very clean and we had no problems with check-in, etc. Our room did have a great view of the Empire State Building and we were within walking distance of many great bars and restaurants. We paid $179 per night and at check-in, got upgraded to a larger room. We couldn't have asked for more ... a large fridge, a microwave, a dishwasher, a small dining table, a pull-out couch, several armchairs and a separate bedroom with two queen-sized beds. Tons of closet space, small bathroom, but we were impressed overall. I would stay here again, esp. with kids, since you can put them to bed and still stay up to watch TV, etc. Great bargain, great stay.	
Jan 24 2008 	Take your earplugs	My husband and I stayed three nights at the Murray Hill East Suites for a relative's engagement party. It was a &quot;plus-minus&quot; experience. We booked through Priceline, and paid $110 a night, which is a spectacular price for a Manhattan room. The room was very large for a Manhattan hotel booking, and it even had a small kitchen. The room was very dated (I hope you like faded green paisley, circa 1983), but we don't mind that much. Also, the TV situation was pretty funny -- it was a huge, clunky TV on a rolling stand that could be moved around the room. Once again, for $110 a night, what do you expect?The hotel was definitely a no-frills experience. The largest problem is that the walls were extraordinarily thin, and we could hear every peep made in the rooms around us. Including the screaming and laughing of several rooms of young women who had come to New York to party, and would stay out until 4 or 5 a.m. each night. The last night I called the front desk to complain, and the man at the front desk was decidedly unhelpful. Also, we noticed that they never changed our bed sheets -- they just made the bed. They did replace the towels every day.We stayed on the second floor, which had its advantages and disadvantages. We had a lot of street noise (typical of New York -- I lived there for several years and it's just something you have to get used to) and there were neon lights in the windows across the street which gave our room an electric pink glow when the shades were open. When the shades were closed, the light was not a problem.The benefit to the second floor, however, is this hotel does not have internet access, except wireless in the lobby. Since we were directly above the lobby, we did have a strong wireless signal in our room.Finally, my husband used the gym and said it was nice -- comparable with a 3 or 4 star hotel mini-gym. Supposedly it had just been redone. Ladies, if you like to use conditioner in your hair, bring your own. This hotel stocks the classic &quot;conditioning shampoo&quot; - one bottle, one giant tangle.	
Jan 18 2008 	Absolutely Worth It!!!	If you read some of the other reviews and they mention out dates style of the room and furniture, I would take it with a grain of salt. I guess everyone has different tastes. I found this hotel to be perfect for what we were in NYC for. Also, I had an extremely horrendous experience previously at a different &quot;hotel&quot; which i paid twice as much as I did here!! The room was very clean as was everywhere in the hotel! (Well all the places I saw). The only downside was a slightly rude receptionist. Over the phone I called a couple of times with some questions and the answers were very curt and not elaborate. This can completely be disregarded on my part for saving probably over $150!!! BOTTOM LINE: There are worse places in the city and I stayed at one of them before. This was a 20 star hotel compared to the one I stayed at before!!!I almost posted this without mentioning the BEST sushi place we have ever been to. It is maybe a block from the hotel at 581 3rd Ave and it is called Hane Sushi. If you do decide to go there ask for Charlie and he will hook you up with the best stuff you have ever tasted!!! We also went to Margarita Murphy's and had a pretty good time there. I hope this was helpful. I read a lot of reviews prior to booking and felt as if I owed it to whomever to provide my point of view!	
Jan 16 2008 	Stayed 01/04-01/08 Perfect Hotel ALL AROUND !	As most others have dreamt about traveling abroad as an foreign country or an island, my dream was to visit New York. I finally arrived to New York, not know what to expect. We decided to stay at this hotel, mainly because it has a kitchenette with a great price, especially since we were not planning on staying indoors that often. Upon arrival, the hotel was better than we thought, from the very kind doorman to the spacious (not common in NY) hotel room. We were upgraded to the Queensize bedroom., which had three closet spaces including iron/board. cozy bathroom w/ courtesy toiletries and kitchenette w/ mini refrigerator and oven with all essential cookware (no microwave though). They even had a small area for dining and living room. The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect ! 5-10 minute taxi or walking distance to everywhere...Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, Chrysler Bldg, and Rockafeller Center. The lady in the front office even mailed out my postcards for me. There is no internet in the room, but if you have an laptop with WIFI you can go downstair in the hotel lobby / waiting area, you will receive free internet there. Or in the same block, there is a Fedex/Kinko's, where you can pay for internet. This is the perfect hotel for the New York experience, minus the hussle and bussle of the city. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel for any future stays.	
Jan 9 2008 	Murray Hill good hotel in a good location	We stayed at the Murray Hill Suites from Dec1st to 7th. 2 Couples. After all the horror stories we heard about New York hotels &amp; bed bugs etc. we were delighted that we had made a good choice. The decor is a little dated &amp; not a luxury hotel but it was clean &amp; comfortable &amp; that was most important. We had a large bedroom with 2 big double beds &amp; plenty of wardrobe space, there was also a big pull out sofa bed in the living room along with TV, chairs, dining room table &amp; chairs etc. Kitchen had fridge, dishwasher, cooker, microwave, toaster tea, coffee etc. While we never cooked we did use toaster &amp; coffee maker in mornings. Bathroom was small but it was spotlessy clean with clean towels daily &amp; also shower was powerful which you need after a day walking about New York. Our room faced the street &amp; we had a view of the ESB. Staff were at all times pleasant &amp; we had no problems at check in or check out, it was very efficient.It was about a ten minute walk to GCT &amp; out onto 5th Avenue &amp; same to ESB &amp; Macys. I would have no hesitation in staying here again &amp; booking with &quot;apartments2book&quot;. I found them to be the most reasonable of all the sites we tried at the time. $420 for 4 of us for the night including taxes at a busy time of the year.	
Dec 17 2007 	Worthwhile option	We needed a place to stay after a show and turned to Murray Hill East after determining several other hotels we patronized at in the past were charging more than $400 a night. On arriving, we were told we would be getting a room upgrade and were given the keys to #1001. As some other reviews have stated, the rooms here are essentially efficiency apartments. This one had a newly retiled bathroom, kitchenette, living room with couch and love seat and dining table. The place was clean, with a decent uptown view, and the bed was comfortable. A winter storm rolled in overnight, but the heating was adequate -- not something you take for granted in some older New York hotels. The lobby and elevator showed signs of heavy wear.The $319 per night rate (before taxes) represented a decent deal, but not a bargain in my book. The overall experience reminded me of getting the use of an old college friend's apartment for the weekend. Grand Central terminal with subways, restaurants and commuter rail is just three blocks away. I'll keep the place in mind for future travel, probably as a second or third choice.	
Dec 7 2007 	This place is great!	Our four nights here were absolutely terrific. As has been repeatedly mentioned, the rooms are a little worn, but are large and VERY clean. The excellent location really tops the value. We felt very safe venturing out day or night, and found great places quite near the hotel: the diner on 40th &amp; Lex, a great pub on 40th between 3rd &amp; Lex, the market on 39th &amp; Lex. We also loved the skating rink at Bryant Park (behind the NY Public Library), where we had cocktails and snacks at the outdoor cafe (with heaters) one evening while watching the ice skaters. And don't miss Grand Central: the station itself is fabulous, &amp; there is a wonderful market on the main floor, and an excellent food court on the lower floor. It's a great place for a snack or meal &amp; some people-watching!When we return to NYC, we'll definitely stay here again!	
Dec 2 2007 	Overall a good value	We arrived at noon, and were able to check in early. We stayed for one night during peak season, and the hotel was fully booked. The first room we were shown was on the first floor, and had two double beds. We needed queen beds, since we were sleeping six people. (There was an additional queen sofa bed in the living room.) We were then given a room on the 14th floor, 1404, which was a smoking room. This was not our preference, but we did not want to chance moving again. The suite was quite spacious and clean, but one of the heaters was blowing cold air. We reported this at the front desk before leaving for the day. When we arrived back in the evening, there was a space heater in the area with the broken heater. Unfortunately, this was the queen sofa area, and it was very cold during the night. There was cold air blowing into the room. If we were staying another night, we would have requested to be moved again.The location was great, and it was a good value for the rate, but be picky when you check in if you have the chance!We booked through apartments2book with no problems.Sam's Place across the street is outstanding!	
Nov 27 2007	Fantastic location spacious rooms!!	We booked via Ebookers.com after trying to pick from a huge list of NY hotels!! What appealed was price, location, reviews and room sizes.To re-iterate what has been said before, yes the decor is quite dated and the lift (elevator) was a bit hit and miss! However the rooms were spotlessly clean, a fantastic size for New York and ideally located. They are a brisk 10 mins walk to Grand Central or a more leisurely stroll up to 5th Avenue and then onwards either up or down town. There was a fabulous diner, Bloomers, for breakfast (try the &quot;famous&quot; Eggs Benedict), a lovely Italian and a great Japanese restaurant that we tried, all within five mins walk. There is also a convenience store on the corner which stocks everything you could need (including umbrella's when we got stuck on a rainy day). Our room faced out onto 39th Street with a great view of The Empire State building. There was the odd occasion a car woke me in the night, but in the main I was impressed with how quiet it was.If you are looking for good value for money, good location, clean rooms and friendly service then I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	Fantastic value!!!	We booked the Murray Hill East Suites through apartments2book.com and were completely thrilled with our experience. We were staying in NYC the same weekend as the NYC marathon, so hotel rooms were at a premium. This hotel offered a comfortable, extremely spacious room with lots of storage, and kitchenette for much less than others. I couldn't get over the size of the studio room. It was twice the size and half the cost of what we would have paid closer to Times Square. Being so close to Grand Central Station was a bonus, as it was an easy 5-minute walk away. We walked to the Empire State Building (about 10-15 minutes) as well as to the theater district for shows (about 20-30 minutes, depending on location in district). If we didn't feel like walking, it was about a $10 cab ride or $2 per person subway ride to anywhere. The neighborhood was very residential, and we had breakfast one morning at Bloom's Deli (corner of E 40th &amp; Lexington), which had enormous, flavorful portions in a mom &amp; pop setting. Be sure to grab a slice of cheesecake at Junior's (originally in Brooklyn, they now have a storefront in Grand Central Station as well as a diner on Shubert Alley in the Theater District) too.The only drawback was that you could hear traffic at all hours, but it kind of added to the experience of being in New York City. Our room overlooked the street, so I wonder if being in a room that overlooked the alley would have been quieter. The room decor is a bit 1990's, but it's spotless and in good condition. The overall room to relax in was so great, so who cares about the vintage?	
Nov 2 2007	excellent value and location	I researched and researched a hotel and as this was my first time in New York with two teenage daughters I was concerned over safety and location. I have always trusted the trip adviser reports and found them to be totally accurate and I was not disappointed..I booked a one bedroomed apartment which was very spacious, spotlessly clean and had a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher. Yes, the decor was old fashioned but so what. Reception was always helpful and we always felt completely safe and at home.The price was exceptionally good value through active hotels and cost much less than having to book one room in a hotel.The location was ideal, 5 minutes from Grand Central (subway, cheap, safe and easy to use) with all its cafes, 10 minutes to 5th Avenue and Times Square and restaurants, supermarkets, delis just round the corner. Would definitely go back.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great place to stay	Three gals spending 5 days on a shopping spree in NYC. The Murray Hill East Suites was the perfect place to stay. We had a one bedroom and loved the accommodations. The kitchen was perfect for keeping snacks and breakfast bites. The cleaning staff was great. The doorman was excellent and the desk staff quite nice and helpful. A little bit of street noise, but after all, this is New York! Easy access to transportation, local eateries, etc. We will definately use the Murray Hill East Suites again and will recommend it to anyone we know that is headed out for a New York City stay.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great	Fantastic price for an apartment style accomodation, we met people on a tour who paid way more for a small hotel room, the location is very good for walking or getting to the subway, a little noisy with traffic noise at times but hey when your in the city that never sleeps you have to expect that! overall very good.	
Oct 21 2007 	New York on a budget	This hotel is within walking distance to many of the top attractions and relatively close to the subway. The rooms are clean and the staff is good but not great. For the price I could not think of a better place to stay in Manhattan. I would recommend it to anyone travelling to New York.	
Sep 28 2007 	Excellent experience	Stayed here mid-September and was very pleased with the place. Three friends on a holiday to NYC &amp; didn't want to share a bed and also wanted to save some cash - this place was perfect. Good price - we paid less than $350 a night for a large 1 bedroom apt on the 14th floor. Room had 2 queen beds, kitchen, lounge area with 2 sofas (one was a fold-out queen bed) and although the decor/furnishings weren't the most modern, it certainly did us. Didn't spend vast amount of time in the room - it is NYC afterall, however, when we did, it was a comfortable experience and certainly less expensive than the alternative, 2 hotel room option!!!Location great, couple of blocks from Grand Central and the conveinence store on the corner of 39th &amp; Lex had most of what we needed + made great sandwiches	
Sep 28 2007 	Perfect for NYC	This is a great place to stay for a city break. Great location with local flavour. Nail bars, dry cleaners, supermarkets, pizza, breakfast places all on your doorstep - makes you live a little of the NYC life. It's not super luxurious but the rooms and beds are big and comfortable enough.Would book again.	
Sep 20 2007 	A tired outdated experience	Sorry...but my experience here was simply not the wonderful one that others have had.I paid $500 for a room, and was told by the helpful clerk at the front desk that I was being upgraded. He also said there is no wireless Internet access, but that some people in rooms have reported receiving a usable signal.The room was a major disappointment. This hotel was a 1950s/1960s apartment building that has been converted, and I'm not sure it's ever really upgraded. My room was on the 14th floor, and was quite big...a one-bedroom apartment. However, the furniture was orange velour...kind of/almost matching the matted burnt orange carpet. Combined with the white Formica cube end tables, and the white Formica desk, it just didn't have anything of a modern, or classy, or upgraded feel.The two beds in the bedroom were fine, if a little hard, but I got a pretty decent night's sleep. Being on the 14th floor, I could even open the windows slightly to get some (NYC-style) fresh air.I guess my largest frustration had to be the lack of Internet access. I'm a business traveler and it is a key element for me. The hotel's laissez-faire attitude clearly said that I'm not a target customer for them (&quot;when will you have it?&quot; &quot;oh, maybe in a year or so.&quot;). The signals that others have reported receiving, even in the lobby, were simply not available for me, nor were they available for two other laptop users in the lobby at the same time. Now, the nearest WiFi-enabled Starbucks was a block away, so I made do. But still, that attitude, plus the tired, run-down (albeit clean) ambiance of the hotel in general just made it a place I don't think is worth my time or money in the future.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great location! Perfect quality/price ratio!	This a really good solution for a trip in New York City! We booked a room with kitchen by apartments2book. The position is perfect: 39th between Lexington and 3rd Avenue. It is close to everywhere, to public transortation and the Murray Hill area is really wonderful! The room was big and very nice, the bathroom was a little bit small but very new and beautiful. There is also a kitchen and more than one supermarket are close to the hotel. At the reception they are very kind, but not very efficient: a girl told me that there wasn't any internet connection in the hotel, but I discovered just last day that there is one free wireless connection in the hall!! They also forgot to change the sheets in the sofabed for our arrival...I opened it and I found used sheets!!!Terrible!!Anyway, I went to the reception, they apologize and they gave me new blankets...(but I had to do the bed by myself!!). This is not a luxury hotel, but if you are looking for a nice, clean and kind aparthotel with your own kitchen where you can save some money without loosing quality and a good location, this is a very good solution!!	
Aug 17 2007 	perfect for us	We spent five nights here the second week of August and were very happy with the room, the price-point and the service. The only draw-back was not having wi-fi available in the room, but it is available in the lobby. I would stay here again in a New York minute.	
Aug 17 2007 	A good choice	The hotel was good. It was clean and quiet, except that the noise of door-closing did disturb us a little bit. The housekeeping was very prompt and efficient. The room was spacious and comfortable. We used the laundry service too. We tried the breakfast in a nearby cafe (Frontier) which was good as well.	
Aug 3 2007 	Outstanding value for midtown hotel	We booked this hotel because we needed a suite-style room configuration. The one-bedroom suite was excellent - sufficient privacy for the living room sofa bed and the bedroom occupants. Nice, clean kitchen and bathroom. Clean throughout, it seemed this room was recently remodeled. Front desk and Door-man service was excellent. Convenient location - a short cab ride or a comfortable walk to Times Square. A very nice place and a great value!	
Jul 31 2007 	Happy to stay	We were at the hotel for most of a week in July. it was clean, quiet, and superbly located: we needed to get to the lower numbered streets as well as the usual museums (first-time visitors) The kitchenette was fine: the room information said that microwaves and toasters were available, but we didn't get around to asking. It doesn't count as luxury, but neither does my house, and we would stay there again any time.	
Jul 25 2007 	Quiet reasonable and convenient	Selected this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. I and my 20-year-old son stayed here for a weekend. First, it is quiet, a rare attribute in New York. No traffic, no loud bars near-by, no dumpsters emptied at 4 a.m. Area is relatively quiet but only three blocks from Grand Central Station so subways to anywhere are only 10 minutes away. The hotel is a half-block from 3rd Avenue where cabs are plentiful. The theater district is a 10-minute walk to Grand Central and 10 minutes on the subway shuttle. The rooms are fairly large for New York with a small refrierator, sink and stove which we never used. Maid service was excellent and the front desk was helpful. One small piece of advice; do not ask them to call a cab for you for an airport trip the night before you need to leave. Hotels cannot call cabs so they called a car service for us. The fee was $50 to LaGuardia instead of the $24 cab ride. Not really a big deal. This is not a resort hotel so if you have five little kids looking for a pool and a game room, this is not for you. Quiet and convenient and reasonably priced.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Choice	We were very happy with the hotel. Location is convenient -- short walk to Grand Central. Room was well maintained, and clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. I'd stay there again -- no question.	
Jul 2 2007 	good price	Booked a single night through Priceline. I forgot that priceline doesn't guarauntee rooms for three people. At check in we were informed that we would be charged $20 for the extra person (our daughter) but get the cot for free. Our first room was on the eighth floor with one queen bed. The bellhop said he would bring up the cot right away. We changed and went out for the evening. When we got back to our room several hours later there was not cot. I called the front desk and was told we were promised one but now they were out. I said that didn't help since we had three people and one bed. The guy and the front dest just kept saying &quot;sorry we don't have anymore cots and I don't understand why the bell hop didn't bring one&quot;. I got frustrated and handed the phone to my husband. He told the front dest that our daughter was not going to sleep on the floor. The guy said he would be right up to move us to a new room on the same floor. After waiting 30 minutes my husband went down to the front dest to see what was going on. Nothing, they were just sitting around. My husband returned with a luggage cart and keys to a new room (with no help). We were moved to the first floor to a two room suite. It was huge and very nice. The $20 extra person charge was removed from our bill for &quot;our troubles&quot;. I was a little frustrated with the service but it all worked out in the end plus we got discounted parking. I would stay here again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Nice Place!	We just returned from a week in New York City, 6/9/07 - 6/16/07 and really enjoyed our stay at Murray Hill Suites. The staff is friendly and the doorman accomadating, helping with lugage and hailing cabs. The location is great, close to everything and in a neighborhood that gives you the feeling that you are a resident as opposed to a visitor. The building was once an apartment complex and still maintains that ambiance. The units, although on the older side, are clean and comfortable. We particularlly enjoyed having a kitchen since some in our group wanted to eat before the theatre and others wanted to wait until after. There are a number of deli's and grocery stores in the area which allowed us to save money and eat in the apartment some of the time. Our one bedroom unit had two full sized beds and a fold out sofa in the livingroom which was very convienent for our group. We will certainly return to Murray Hill on our next visit to NYC.	
Jun 22 2007 	Great NYC Bargain	I stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites from June 16th-21st, 2007, and we booked it through Priceline (via their name your own price feature). I was surprised by what I got for my money when I had &quot;won&quot; this hotel on Priceline. For those unfamiliar with Priceline you choose the area in which you would like to stay with its star rating (I chose 2 star, but got a 3 star so you can luck out that way), and they tell you pretty much right away whether your offer is accepted. The hotel name stays anonymous until you put in an offer and it is accepted.I managed to get a whole one bedroom suite (looks like renovated condo) that came with a living room, large one bedroom with king size bed, a small bathroom, and a kitchen. I got all this for an extremely reasonable rate (it would have cost the same for a hostel in downtown manhatten!). I was travelling with my fiancee and we were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near all the attractions of NYC since it was our first time. This hotel is on 39th street, and Grand Central station is ony 42nd so it's pretty close, but not as close as some of the reviews made it sound. It is about a 5-6 minute walk, and it can be a long one in the 30 degree celcius heat. Nevertheless it's not a bad location.The kitchen was small so we didn't end up using it except for the full size freezer/fridge (great for keeping your drinks/leftovers cold). The only suggestion have for ths hotel is to put in microwaves. I was impressed by how clean our suite was, and by how large the bedroom and living room were. The tv (although tiny) was good at the end of the day of walking and walking, and there were many channels to choose from.The bed was huge, and the airconditioning in both the living room and bedroom was nice. The maid did an amazing job with housekeeping every day, making sure the bathroom linens were well supplied and the such.The concierge downstairs was neither rude nor over hospitable--so if you needed anything it was there but they don't bother you much. The hotel did not seem at full capacity which means it was really quiet. The hallways did smell like rancid smoke at times, but our suite was fine. The elevators are old, but I think most buildings would be old like that in manhatten, unless you plan on shelling the bucks for something fancier and much more expensive.Overall I would say choose this hotel if you are budget minded, and need/want a lot of room, and a place to stay close to everything. We took the subway everywhere, and you can even walk to the Empire State building from the hotel. It's not fancy, but it's good value for your dollar. My total trip (hotel &amp; air from Vancouver) was $1000 CAD and that is a real bargain for such an expensive city.Tips:1) Buy the new york pass. You can buy it there (planet hollywood in times square) or online at newyorkpass.com. Well worth the money and helps you plan your itinerary. You get $10 credit each day of the pass at Planet Hollywood which I used for souvenirs.The New York pass also allows you to skip ticket lines, like at the busy Empire State Building.2) Buy an unlimited metropass--it's indispensable and way cheaper than taking a cab in this traffic congested city. You can buy these at the machines there.3) Credit cards are accepted everywhere! I hardly ever had to fork out cash. Very convenient.4) Some must see things (all free w/ the New York pass):Radio Music City Hall TourMadisson Square Gardens TourDO NOT DO THE ROCKEFELLER TOUR unless you want to just look at the art on the buildings for an hour NBC Studio tour (go early to reserve your spot--this fills up fast, we had to go the next day)Circle Line Boat Cruise (we upgraded to the 3 hour for $4 more--nice on a hot day and good to do in the beginning for a good overview of the city).5) To get to the hotel from JFK airport we opted for the subway instead of a $45+ cab ride (flat rate plus tips/tolls). It is $5 for the airport airtrain to the subway and $2 for the subway (or you can buy the weeklong unlimited pass for $24/week). There are also shuttles you can take like airlink and supershuttle. We used airlink ($20 USD) one way to JFK from the hotel and had a HORRIBLE experience. They billed our credit card, and the driver asked us to pay again in cash! After a LONG discussion we finally got our cash back and was not a nice way to end our trip.You can prebook Supershuttle online at their website and they give you a discount.If you found this review helpful please let me know! Your feedback is always welcome.	
Jun 20 2007 	Good value clone of Eastgate Towers across the street	Stayed a single night recently at the Murray Hill East Suites. I've previously stayed at the Eastgate Tower, across the street and a block east of here, and had a pretty good idea what to expect from this converted apartment building. In fact, the Murray Hill East Suites was nearly identical physically to the Eastgate Tower -- my room was a mirror image of the one I had at the Eastgate Tower a few months before. My general perception was that the furniture/drapes/carpets at the Murray Hill East seemed every so slightly newer/cleaner than at the Eastgate Tower, but the furniture itself was identical, and there wasn't much difference overall except for the bathroom; the bathroom in the Murray Hill East appeared to have been remodeled with completely new fixtures, tile, etc. sometime in the last year or so.The room itself was large and comfortable, with a dining table and chairs, sofa, end tables, arm chair, coffee table, TV stand, and dresser, along with a double bed and one nightstand, arranged in an L-shaped room with the dining table at the top of the L near the door, the couch along one wall, the TV near the angle of the L, and the bed/nightstand in the base of the L. The small kitchen is in a separate room near the entrance door, with a half-sized fridge, full four-burner (albeit small) range, coffeemaker, sink, etc.The bed itself was nothing much -- at the low end of acceptable -- and the pillows were barely there -- I had to scavenge the two extra pillows from the closet to make up a decent place to put my head, and the first time I looked in the closet for extra pillows I mistook the two pillows for folded sheets -- they were that thin and flimsy.I ended up not using the high-speed internet access -- I couldn't find any indication of a hotel-provided wireless signal, and there was no wired connection of any kind in the room. Since I didn't start looking until late in my only night there, I decided I could live without it until morning and didn't pursue it. Neither here nor there, but this was the first hotel I've been to in the US in fifteen years or so where I was given an actual, honest-to-god metal key for the room, instead of a magnetic card key(another vestige of the building's days as an apartment building). If you're particularly concerned about security and the possibility of someone duplicating the key, I suppose that might give you pause.Service, in the limited interactions I had with the staff, was courteous and professional, if not effusively friendly.All in all, this seems like an excellent option in this part of Manhattan, particularly for the price. If I were to return to this customer's location for several days, I'd definitely consider it. Having room to spread out and a kitchen where I could store and prepare meals would be welcome.	
Jun 14 2007 	A great value for NYC	We had a large two-bed room (6th floor facing north. nominally &quot;smoking&quot; but without any smell) with full kitchenette, two big closets and a big bathroom with all basic amenities, plus dressers and a desk, windows that opened, with an actual (if narrow) view, adjustable air-conditioning, and decent beds. The staff were helpful and the cleanliness was faultless. The hotel has old-fashioned thick walls and is on a quiet street (important for sleeping) despite its central location, with grocery and wine stores around the corner and plenty of cafes and bars and wifi nearby. The hotel has a laundry center and there's a dry cleaner across the street. The tradeoffs are no room service, no hotel cafe or bar, and no business center or online access, which might matter in winter. Also, the room decor is old-fashioned indifferent and the carpet a bit worn.	
Jun 13 2007 	Sooo Happy with our choice to stay here	We stayed at this hotel monday june 4 2007 - wednesday june 6 2007. After taking forever to decide on a hotel and anyone who is deciding on going to New York City, you probably understand how hard it is to find an affordable hotel. THIS is the hotel to choose!its is located right by Grand Central and about a 10min walk to Times Square which is not a bad walk whether your doing it in the day or late at night. Location is close to Macy's and a big shopping district. The Hotel was a great surprise! To our great surprise we had be upgraded and the room was HUGE! a large living room a good sized kitchen and large bedroom with 2 double beds. Travelling with 4 people it was a great size! We had our luggage lost upon arrival so the hotel was very helpfull to make our stay more comfortable. There is lots of places to eat in the area! if you walk towards lexington. Scotties is a GREAT dinner for breakfast or late night dinner and they deliver to the hotel!!If your going to New York City and looking to do some site seeing then consider doing the &quot;Grey Line double decker bus tour&quot; it is a hop-on-hop-off pass and it is a great deal! There is a stop at the UN building which is pretty close to the hotel!The Beds were comfortable and the airconditioning worked great!The only thing wrong was the tub collected water when having a shower but thats not even a big problem. There is a stove and a dishwasher in the kitchen and the housekeeping is VERY prompt in the early morning!We would deffinately stay here again, everyone was very nice and the location was worth it for what we got in our room just for being a little outside of Times Square.	
May 30 2007 	great place!	Booked this online for a 2 night mid week stay, and loved it. Very convenient location, being a 5 minute walk (at most) to Grand Central Station, from where you can go anywhere. (took the bus from Laguardia to there). Nice neighborhood, relatively quiet (as quiet as NYC gets)--tho i was in a back room and I heard the front rooms have more street noise. The room size is quite big, and although there's nothing fancy, they were very clean and functional. With the small kitchenette you could keep drinks in the fridge, warm up leftovers, etc. (tho no microwave which would have been nice). the price (at least the one I got thru Travelocity) was very reasonable for a midtown hotel, and would look to stay there first if/when I were to return to the city.  Didn't need much assistance from the hotel, but they were very pleasant and cheerful every time I talked to them. Overall, would highly reccomend!	
May 5 2007 	Would stay there again	My son (25) is working in Philadelphia so my wife and I flew from the UK to join him for a long weekend in New York.We scoured the net for suitable suites and luckily picked this hotel. We read horror stories of cramped hotel rooms overrun with mice and roaches but we found this hotel to be very clean with a large bedroom and a roomy separate living room with a sofa bed, tables, chairs etc. The kitchen was small but had anything you needed and the bathroom was very clean with towels replaced every day. We stayed in room 303 which was at the front of the building and was very quiet apart from a loose manhole cover on the road outside that made a noise on the seldom occasions a car passed. But after walking NY all day we had no problems sleeping. The hotel is close to the Empire State building and the top could be seen from our window and Times Square was a pleasant stroll away.	
Apr 17 2007 	Good Value decent stay	Stayed at the Murray Hill East April 6 - 9, 2007. The location is excellent at 3rd and 39th. We walked to Grand Central Station (only about 2 blocks away), Times Square, and much more.The room was a studio with two double beds, sofa (no pull out),table with 2 chairs, TV, and Desk. The kitchen was small, but offered everything we needed. There was no microwave oven however. The room was kept clean, although it could use updating. The carpet was pink (bad color for a hotel room) and had several stains. Housekeeping did a good job, even washing the dishes. We enjoyed the space as we have heard hotel rooms in NYC are very very small. We were on the 8th floor and could still hear street noise, but it is NYC after all. This hotel is not the 4 Seasons, but it is really a good value and a great location for your home in NYC.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great location good value	We spent 5 nights here in March 2007, and were pleased with the accommodation.The apartments were well situated with supermarkets and restaurants located in the same block, and Grand Central Station and Times Square within walking distance.The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and our 1 bedroom apartment was spacious and clean. The only drawbacks were the beds and pillows being a bit soft, and the passage way leading to the rooms smelled musty.Overall, the apartments were affordable and comfortable, and we would stay here again.	
Apr 11 2007 	A most unfortunate stay	After staying at the Murray Hill Suites two years ago, we were prepared for a good experience, but from the beginning we were disappointed. We had requested a no-smoking room, but when we opened the door the smell of tobacco permeated the room. We had a suite for three people that had a king bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. When we opened the convertible at night and took the sheets and blanket from the closet, the blanket had a horrible stench to it. Since it was almost midnight, we called the front desk to complain, but since nobody else was on duty except for the front desk person, I had to put my clothes on again to go downstairs to get a replacement blanket. Then we discovered that the bedroom window kept opening if a strong wind blew. This occurred during the night with the NY temperature in the range of the high 30's and low 40's. We tried all kinds of methods to keep it closed, but with no success. We finally got a bellhop to come upstairs to fix it with some difficulty. Housekeeping, too, was disappointing, as one can guess from our experience with the blanket. The cleaning job each day was haphazard, and on the last night of our stay they didn't even make our bed. Very disappointing.	
Apr 4 2007	Great Great Value	This is the second time I have stayed at the Murray Hill East. Both visits have been excellant. Our room was very large, clean, and ready to use. It had three closets, a king size bed, a desk, exec chair, coffee table, couch, arm chair and ottoman, breakfast table and two side chairs, a kitchen with new appiances, and a bathroom that was as clean as a whistle.The neighborhood is safe and has everything you need: florist, liquor store, bagel shop, convenience store, two restaurants, and a grocery store all within one block. Cabs are easy to hail on 3rd or Lexington Avenue. 39th St. location puts it close to so many things. You can't beat this place for comfort, convenience and value./bobt/ncarolina	
Apr 2 2007 	Uncomfortable room noisy street	We spent this past weekend at Murray Hill Suites and were thoroughly disappointed. Our room was uncomfortably warm and the air conditioning was not yet working so we opened the windows (they only open 6 inches) for cooling only to hear the very loud street noise. We did not sleep well. The shower had adequate water pressure, but did not have an anti-scalding shower taps so you had to be ready for a significant shower change. I can't imagine a hotel not having anti-scalding shower taps! We wanted to separate the first night charge since we were expensing it out and were told we could when we checked in. But, the person (not the same as the first) said we could not since it was already 'posted'. Well, he could have unposted it, but chose not too and really could not have cared less.We are saddened by this experience since we really like the neighborhood (great restaurants, stores and close to everything). We will stay here again.	
Mar 27 2007 	Fantastic value great location	Just visited New York for 5 nights, primarily to attend Elton John's 60th birthday concert, but also for the usual sight-seeing and socialising.Stayed here for 5 nights with two friends in a two bed suite on the top floor. The hotel is very conveniently located 5 minutes from Grand Central Station. It has all you need close by: supermarket, internet access (next door), several diners, bars, restaurants all within a couple of minutes. Very handy also for the subway.The suite was extremely spacious and the bedrooms both had 2 double beds. The lounge /dining area was large and great for a late afternoon/early evening chill in between all the sight-seeing and eating out! There were two bathrooms, both with showers and masses and masses of storage.The only problems we encountered were one of the showers had no pressure and a heater was blowing cold. Both of these were rectified immediately we reported them and we could not have asked for more. The staff without exception, were very friendly and helpful. There is a little traffic noise but to be honest where in NY isn't there traffic noise? You quickly get used to it and it certainly didn't effect our sleep.The decor was a little dated, but we weren't there to carry out a critique of US tastes in wallpaper! We all agreed that any further visits to New York would include a stay here, it's tremendous value for money (each couple paid around $1450 inc taxes for 5 nights). I can highly recommend the Murray Hill East Hotel to anyone wanting a short stay bolt hole for a great price.Also, try a visit to the Russian Tea Rooms adjacent to Carnegie Hall for a special night out, but you must book. A bottle of wine from their world class wine list range from £30-£3000! The Boathouse on Central Park Lake is also a great venue, very very romantic! . Closer at hand, try Sams, a little Italian opposite the hotel.Another first for us on this trip was a visit to the observatory at the top of the Rockefeller Centre. Massive queues at the Empire State (2hours), hardly any at the RC and I think the experience is better. More centrally located so better views, especially of Central Park. No irritating grating to look through just clear glass panels, and something you could never get from the ESB..... a fantastic view of the ESB from 70 stories up!!A fantastic trip which was enhanced by the accommodation, and of course by the concert which was 3 and a half hours of amazing music. A great time was had by all.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great location--budget prices	Great place for the price! A friend and I stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites for three nights during our spring break (Mar. 12-15), and could not have been happier. Well, that's not exactly true: we would have been happier if the walls weren't QUITE so thin and if the shower would have run at a consistent temperature. BUT--for a midtown hotel, the price could NOT be beat! The staff were also friendly. I'd stay here again with no hesitation.	
Mar 19 2007 	"We'd Stay Here Again!"	We just came back from a fantastic week in NY--what a great place for 2 moms &amp; 2 daughters celebrating Spring Break in NY to stay ! I read lots of reviews on this site before booking our hotel &amp; I'm glad I did. For us, this was a perfect choice--because of the reasonable rates, we had plenty of money left for shopping. We loved the spaciousness of our 1 bedroom suite--lots of room for all of our clothes &amp; shoes, etc. The location was great--very quiet &amp; in a nice neighborhood where we felt quite safe. We walked to the corner for the best bagels &amp; cream cheese every morning on our way to Grand Central Station. We picked up snacks &amp; bottled water at the corner store on our way back every nite. Several other restaurants &amp; a delicious deli were in walking distance. We didn't really use the kitchen--just the refrigerator! The staff helped point us in the right direction when we needed to know the best way to head off on our next adventure. We appreciated the cleanliness and excellent maid service every day. Who cares if the bedspread wasn't one we'd have picked out! We'll stay here next time for sure!	
Mar 17 2007 	great palce to stay	place was a bit dated, but the staff was courteous and helpful. The location is terrific, a bit offf the beaten path, but 3 blocks from Grand Central which is magnificent in itself and can get you anywhere in the city. Also near NY public libray which was unbelievable, MUST SEE inside, near Empire State and stops on Grey bus line hop on/off.Great value for money in NYC, has a little kitchen was silverware, glasses bowls ect with a fridge, many little grocery store around to stock up.	
Mar 16 2007 	Ok but Beware of Exra Charges!	The hotel was all right for New York standards... However, my sister had rashes after sitting on the couch (may be dustmites). Our family stayed there for 7 nights this past winter. Upon arrival, we were told that we had to pay 85$ a night as we had four people in the party instead of 2, that was an extra $600!!! We could have stayed at a much nicer hotel for the price, but since it was non-refundable, we continued to stay there. The manager was just simply rude. However, the doorman, the accountant and other staff were all right. So just a reminder: if you have more than 2 people in your party, note it down in the reservation to avoid extra charges! Or try to find a hotel that wouldn't charge you so much more!	
Mar 15 2007	Good Murray Hill Experience	I just finished 5 nights at Murray HIll East Suites. The location is fantastic, it is super easy to get anywhere from Grand Central. The gourmet market around the corner is super. The lack of internet access was a real pain, you can get a signal from Kinko's next door in the lobby sometimes and pay with your credit card to surf, but I ended up going to the Apple store at 59th and 5th for free access. The staff was hot and cold, sometimes modestly helpful but often dis-interested &amp; stand-offish. The rooms are super big, very firm beds, I had to buy my own pillow at Macy's, their pillows really bite, esp. now that premium hotels have such a nice selection and we are spoiled. I think this was the loudest hotel I have used in NYC, even at night there seemed to be constant noise out front, in part because there is a steel plate covering a hole in the street that makes a racket every time someone drives over it but earplugs settled that problem.So every hotel has its ups and downs but I liked MHES overall and would stay again, but only if it is mainly for the rate, which was the case this time. But it is sad when $250/nt is a &quot;good rate&quot;, I'm not sure how much longer I will be able to afford NYC.	
Mar 6 2007 	Great deal for the money	I have stayed at the Murray Hill East twice this past year and each time has been a very good experience. The staff is helpful and caring. The rooms are big and clean. Each room has a small kitchen. You never know what you may get as far as a room in NYC and I have never been disappointed in a room at the Murray Hill. Very safe and nice neighborhood. You can always get a cab on Third Ave. Only $25 per night to park your car at their garage. Walking distance to Times Sq, and Empire State building.	
Feb 20 2007 	Overall not bad but I don't need to go back.	I tried this hotel over the President's Day Weekend with my family. Staff was polite but seemed disinterested in what they were doing. Hotel's location was great but the room was not what I expected for a &quot;suite.&quot; Sofa bed was in terrible shape to the point that my son did not want to sleep on it and chose to close the bed and sleep on the sofa. This is an older building and like many other reviews, the decor is outdated but that had no influence on my opinion of the room. I actually found the building rather charming. This is a good traveler's hotel, if you are looking for somewhere just to sleep between trips out into the city. There is a little kitchen with a stove and fridge that we did not use so I cannot comment on how well they worked. I didn't dislike the hotel, I have stayed in better in for around the same price.	
Feb 15 2007	Older but convenient and very spacious	We were hard pressed to find a hotel room in NYC on a December weekend, but this one wound up working out just fine. There were 4 of us for a girls/shopping weekend, so we wanted 2 double beds. Unfortunately none were available. There was a pull-out sofa, though. This hotel was an older apartment building converted to a hotel. The staff (particularly the door man) were very nice and accomodating. The room was quite large for NYC and had a little kitchen in it. I would stay there again as it is in a convenient area to most of the places you would want to hit in Manhattan.	
Jan 31 2007	Enjoyable stay--Exceptional value and location	We stayed at Murray Suites in mid January for a long week-end. The suite was huge (by NYC standards), clean and quiet. The bed was very comfortable. It was like having our own little NY apartment complete with small outdoor patio! Having lived in NY prior to relocation, being frequent travelers and visiting NYC many times in the last 10 years, we've seen our share of good and not-so good hotel rooms. In our opinion, the Murray Suites is an exceptional deal.We were very pleased with the amenities, the location and the overall value. Housekeeping was very thorough and all the reception staff were great, and helped us find a great 24 hour deli when we arrived at 1 a.m. Ditto with helping us get an early cab to the airport. As noted by an earlier reviewer, the decor is a bit dated (think 1990s Bombay catalog) but that is a minor detail when you think of all the pluses. Would definately return here.	
Jan 27 2007	We would stay there again	We booked this hotel because of the favorable reviews on the Tripadvisor website and we were not disappointed. Our only awkward moment came when we checked in and were told that our confirmed $149/day rate was only for AAA members, which we weren't. But the hotel did accept our confirmation rate, which was good because the New York City hotel tax is an impressive 19% by now.We had a good-sized, comfortably furnished room on the ground floor with a queen bed, bathroom with bathtub, large closet with plenty of hangers, an iron and an ironing board, and a fully equipped kitchenette with complementary coffee, tea, creamer, and sugar. There is a large supermarket nearby where we could buy groceries and deli. There were also several coffee shops and restaurants. We could walk to Grand Central to the subway. The room was quiet and very clean. The staff was helpful. We would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 12 2007 	Great location lovely accomodation brilliant staff	Had a great time here in December 06. Fantastic location, near lots of shopping and nice places to eat. Rooms were lovely and we got a free upgrade when we arrived! Very reasonable priced and the staff were so accomodating. I'll definety be staying here on my next visit to NY.	
Jan 5 2007 	Excellent Location and great value	5 of us traveled to New York at the start of December and stayed in the Murray Hill Suites. We had a 1 bed suite and all we can say was that it was excellent. There was plenty of room of all 5 of us with 2 Double beds in the Bedroom and a double sofa bed in the Living room. It was great to have the kitchen so that you could make a cup of tea or even eat in as we did one night. The location was excellent with a shop on the corner that sold everything and a Starbucks just around the corner. Also Grand Central was just a stroll away so you were only a train ride from everywhere. If you wanted to walk around Time Square was only about 15 mins and you wouldnt even notice the walk because there was so much to see. I have stayed in Hotels in New York before and this was far superior. I would recommend Murray Hill to anyone.	
Jan 5 2007 	Good Value and Central	Myself and two friends had the pleasure of staying in the Murray Hill Suites during the New Year celebrations. We found the accomodation to be just what we were looking for, central, value for money and comfortable. The reception staff were very welcoming and accomodating, while housekeeping ensured our one bedroom apartment was clean every day.Within easy walking distance of the Empire State Building, Herald Square, Times Square and Fifth Avenue, the suites were ideally located for us to view the city without any problems. On a downside, on one occasion we had the misfortune to be left waiting for the elevator for 20 minutes. Only a minor detail and I would recommend the Murrary Hill Suites to anyone.	
Jan 1 2007 	Overall Good Value: Lots of Space Outdated Decor	Many thanks to those who previously wrote reviews - they helped me decide to stay here in December, 2006.The Murray Hill East Suites is located in easy walking distance to Grand Central Terminal (the 4, 5, and 6 subway lines) and is not far from Bryant Park (the B, D, F, and V lines). We had a one bedroom suite with a sofabed in the living room and king bed in the bedroom. TVs in both rooms. There was a full kitchen (refrigerator, stove/range, diswasher, coffee maker, pots and pans, dishes, silverware). Bathroom was not large, but still a decent size. It was obviously an apartment at one time, and therefore, quite spacious for a hotel, particularly a NYC hotel. Decor was outdated, but furnishings were comfortable. Rooms facing 39th Street do get some street noise, so if that bothers you, bring earplugs or ask for a room at the back. Our room facing 39th St. had a good view of the Empire State Building; the bellman said some of the rooms in the back had Chrysler building views. There are rooms on the ground floor; I would not have wanted to be in one of them. We found the front desk and bellman/doorman to be helpful and pleasant. The sofa bed was not made up when we got there, but housekeeping brought linens and towels in about 30 minutes.If you're looking for concierge service, on-premise restaurant or bar, room-service, spa facilties, or luxury, this is not the hotel for you. If you don't need those things, but are looking for comfortable surroundings with a large amount of space at a reasonable price, then consider this hotel. It is a good value (and above average) for the moderate-hotel level.	
Dec 18 2006 	fantastic find in the middle of Manhattan	I spent 5 nights at Murray Hill Suites in December and was extremely impressed with the whole set up. I initially thought of an apartment/suite as it was a cheaper option to a hotel room in Manhattan in December but on reflection this was a better option all round; the room was huge (bigger than my apartment when I used to live in NY), couch and chair, dining table and chairs, loads of closet space and a small but serviceable kitchenette which was well stocked with utensils. The bathroom was small but tidy and well maintained. From the moment I arrived (very late on a Fri night) to when I checked out the following Wednesday I found all the staff (concierge, reception and housekeeping) to be extremely friendly and helpful. The room was quiet. I've read that people find the front facing rooms noisy - I was facing the front, 39th St - but for the middle of New York City I have to say the noise was minimal. I also liked the huge windows providing lots of natural light. There are delis and a liquor store just a block away and its perfect for walking to Grand Central. I can't recommend this place highly enough and I will be making this my first choice for future trips to NY.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great location - easy walking	Four of us (2 couples) stayed in studio suites 1004 and 1001 from the 7th to the 10th December. The total cost including (lots of different) taxes was 693USD per studio for 3 nights. The rooms were big and comfortable with a small kitchen (no microwave), large double bed and a pull out bed/sofa. The decor, though not '5 star hotel' was perfectly acceptable.It was our first time in NY, and we loved the prime location which was withing easy walking distance of Empire State and Macys (about 10 mins), Fifth Avenue (7 mins), Grand Central Station (10 mins), Rockefellar Centre (15 mins), Times Square/Broadway (15mins) and Central Park (25 mins). We never needed to use a cab, just as well, as these were quite difficult to get.There were plenty of supermarket shops and diners within 5 minutes walk in any direction.Considering the crazy cost of hotels in the area, at this time of the year, the Murray Hill East suites were great value and in my opinion the suite was much more spacious and suitable than a hotel room (of variable quality).One slight downside was the surprising lack of internet access, though Kinkos is just on the corner 2 minutes away.We were delighted with MHS and will definitely return in 2007.	
Dec 7 2006 	Loved Murray Hill Suites	Group of three ladies stayed here for 5 nights over Thanksgiving 06. I have been to NYC on several occasions, and stayed in various hotels. I decided on the apartment option as I felt I would get more space for my money, and that we did. Very spacious one bedroom apartment.$300 per night for the three of us, which was really good, For all intent and purposes the property is a hotel, with hotel check - in, concierge and daily cleaning and maid service. I would agree with other reviews that the furniture was a little dated, but functional.We had a very well equiped kitchen which was fab for storing juice and snacks. Each day our room was cleaned, towels changed and any dishes put in the dishwasher. The staff were friendly which was nice. Any requests were dealt with promptly. I booked apartment through www.apartments2book.com and the service was very professional, I would not hesitate to book with them and stay at this property again.The area is very nice, quiet around corner is grand central and the chrysler building. Excellent supermarket around corner, diner on opposite street and internet cafe on the other corner.	
Nov 21 2006 	I love NY	This was my 2nd trip to New York and was aware that accomodation does not come cheap in Manhattan. The 1st time i was backpacking with a girlfriend in 2001 and stayed at the Vanderbilt YMCA which is also in the same neighbourhood as the Murray Hill Suites. This time i was travelling with a husband and 10 month old in tow so the Vanderbilt wasn't going to make the grade this time. Murray Hill Suites is not a hotel, it is serviced short-stay apartments, the rooms consist of a kitchenette (fridge, kettle, stove/oven and utensils), dining table, lounge area, bathroom, 2 BIR, bed and bathroom. Some other reviewers have complained of no room-service, but why stay in a room with a kitchenette if you expect room service? We ate out most of the time but had late nite snacks and breakfast in our room. The doorman is absent frequently, either this is not a full-time service or he is attending to other doorman business, this did not bother me as i'm happy to open the door myself if need be, and there was always someone to help with luggage if required.The Suites are in a good location for tourists, on 39th between Lexington and i think 3rd), if you need groceries go down 3rd as there as there is supermarket almost every block. There is no cafe in the Suites but there is a diner, on the corner, Starbucks on the corner and an Au Bon Pain on 3rd. Grand Central is nearby which is where we would walk to most days if we were taking the Subway anywhere.One weird thing, when we got into our room the 1st tme the pillows on the bed were all messed up , either they had just been thrown on my the cleaner or (my paranoia here) someone had been using the bed. Then the next daythe doorman randomly walked into our room without knocking and seeming suprised to see us in there he asked us if we had requested to move rooms. From then on though it was all normal and there is a roomsafe if you are concerned about valuables.We had a room overlooking the street and the bed was right near the window, so the traffic outside did sound as the we had left all the windows open but it wasn't too distracting. I was not aware of the doggy day care near by so this was not a factor for us. I think the Suites offer value for money as manhattan accomodation is not cheap and is especially ideal if you are after a place where you can make breakfast/snacks, store drinks etc to save some money. For 6 nights we paid gross $1400 or $1900AUD.	
Nov 14 2006	wonderful location decor a little dated	The staff were most accomodating. I arrived early and was able to check in before the published time of 3 pm. The decor is a little dated, however the room was clean.There was not a 24 hour doorman as I had expected. Overall, I think that it represents a good value, if you don't require a lot of services and aren't offended by the older decor, I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 13 2006 	Not excellent for the wired business traveller	UPSIDES-------------The Murray Hill Suites was in a good area (39 and Lexington). Lots of reasonable restaurants nearby. Even a market around the corner which is handy with a small kitchenette in the room.The room was good sized junior suite. There was a table and chairs - small kitchen area, sofa and bed nook - small bathroom - but modern with good water pressure etc. Good closet space with a small in room safe (not suitable for a laptop).The hotel also provided basic toiletries.If you are looking for a central location with some good space and the downsides below don't bother you - this could be the place for you. Otherwise I would suggest you find some other location.DOWNSIDES------------------The walls were paper thin - so if you are not used to city noise, you may find it a challenge getting to sleep. Be sure to ask for even number rooms which face a courtyard (not 39th) which can be quite noisy. I was able to hear verbatim conversations that people were having in the hallway.Also, if you are looking for high speed connect, wifi in the rooms etc so that you can work in your room - forget it. They told me they have modem - but the only phone in the room is next to the bed with a small cord - so I guess you are working in bed with an awful connection.Basically for the modern business traveller - this is not the place for you. Also, if you are expecting to order room service while you work - forget it - no room service offered. You will need to go around the corner and get take out.The hotel was clean - but quite old looking, they actually have keys in slots and most of their recordkeeping seems to be done manually. The first clerk I had was not too friendly and kept me waiting while he put papers in the slots. The second clerk however was very friendly and professional.Just as a comment - I actually left this hotel before my intended departure. I had to have my travel agent put me somewhere more in line with a business class hotel.FINAL COMMENTS-------------------------It was an okay hotel - but not for the &quot;wired&quot; traveller. I must note that I was able to get a room for less that had the amenities I was looking for.	
Nov 8 2006 	Excellent for business traveller	I've stayed here a few times over the years.Don't expect a full-service hotel. That's not what this is. These are excellent short-term serviced apartments though.If you need a base in NYC for a few days, or even a couple of weeks, they're clean, safe and well maintained. I've always had a very large room and a small kitchen, which means I've been able to fix my own breakfast before heading out in the morning.There are ample delis, a Kinkos and Grand Central just around the corner. I've found the staff to be helpful, but not overly outgoing. There's no bar or restaurant - if you're looking for somewhere practical it's a great place to stay.	
Oct 29 2006 	A great family place for convenience	We chose this location after doing much research here on Tripadvisor forums. The price for #9 Murray Hill East was half the cost of a tiny NYC hotel room. It was a 3 room apartment with room enough to sleep our family comfortably. We love having the space and the location was great for all of the normal NYC activities. We liked the 24 hour diner, Scotty's, a few steps away. It was mostly quiet and even sleeping with our windows open, the street noise wasn't too distracting. The decor, as other's have mentioned is outdated but the place is clean and is well-maintained daily. The king bed in the bedroom was extremely comfy as were the pillows. I've since ordered my own Fossfill pillows for home(yes, I looked at the tags; no, I didn't steal any pillows!) We would definately stay here again. Beats, being cramped in a small hotel room with kids anyday!	
Oct 29 2006	Good location for the longer-term tourist	There is a lot going for the Murray Hill Suites—excellent location near Grand Central Station and recent conversion from apartment building to hotel. This means that each guest has a living room area, kitchen, dining space, desk, and sleeping space rather than just a bed and a chair. For more than a few days, the size makes a real difference. The suites are also very attractively decorated. I had the impression, however, that once the conversion was completed, the hotel is operating on automatic pilot. The people at the desk were pleasant but not very professional (to be fair, one person was new in the job and didn’t know much about the computer system). Internet access consisted of dial-up service in the rooms (which only means that you can use the telephone—does anyone do that anymore?) and wireless in the lobby (which meant “see if you can connect to someone in the neighborhood” since the hotel didn’t provide anything itself.) I ended up going to the Kinko’s on the corner and paying for email service. For more than $300 per night, I had expected more sophistication.People who might spend time in the room during the day should know that there is a doggie day care center nearby. The dogs start barking when they arrive around 8:00am and end when their owners pick them up between 6:00pm and 7:00pm. It’s not a problem unless you want to take an afternoon nap.I would recommend this hotel for leisure travelers who want a comfortable base for sightseeing, but if you should not expect any services once you arrive.	
Oct 12 2006 	Loved Murray Hill East	Just returned from a wonderful visit to New York City. Stayed in the Murray Hill East Suites. We (two women, 4 girls ages 16, 12, 6 and 5) stayed in a one bedroom suite. We had plenty of room compared to other New York City hotels. The bedroom had two double beds and the sofa made into a queen sized bed. Like the other reviews found some of the furniture to be worn. Our room could have used new mattresses and bed spreads. The rest of the place was just fine. We didn't spend much time in room anyway. The location was great. It was quiet and in a great neighborhood. Grocer on corner. I'm sure he is going to miss us stopping in every day to purchase powdered donuts and chocolate milk. The kitchen was nice to have. Heated up left overs. Thought that the employees were extremely friendly and eager to help us with any questions or request that we had. We had a ball going to Grand Central Station to catch the subway. We got pretty good at it too. It was just a couple of blocks up the street. Scotty's diner around the corner has great food. We just had a great time. Can't wait to stay there again when we come back to NYC. Oh, we had a room on front of building and could see the Empire State Building.	
Sep 25 2006	Absolutely loved it	When we arrived,they gave us an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite for only $2 extra/night.Which was great considering ther was only us 2 females and we could have literally slept 6 people in the room.The price was great, the location was great ,the rooms were always clean and we were able to save ourselves a great deal of money by having the kitchen.We cooked for ourselves most of the time...which gave us more of our budget for....shopping!!No complaints at all and would definately stay there again if we could get the same price.	
Sep 20 2006 	Great Place to stay	I just got back from a trip to New York where I stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites.The hotel is right in the middle of everything...Grand Central Station, the Empire State Building, Times Square are all within walking distance for those of you who like to walk.The room was cleanThe staff was friendlyAnd it was one of the less expensive hotels in Manhattan...where everything is expensive anyway.I stayed there because I didn't want to have to take a taxi everywhere I went so I thought something centrally located would be good.But I got to know the subway system quickly and if I had to do it all over again, I'd probably stay somewhere cheaper in Brooklyn and just take the Subway into the center of town. Subways runs round the clock and can get you almost anywhere you need to go. Plus New York is a pretty safe city	
Aug 23 2006 	Ideal choice for a family	Our family of 4 just returned from a 5-night stay at Murray Hill East Suites. It was exactly as I had expected and worked extremely well for us. As previous posters have mentioned, the furniture is a little worn and dated, but everything was very comfortable and the suite was surprisingly spacious for Manhattan. We had 1 bedroom with 2 double beds, a sofa bed in the living room, full kitchen and dining area. Times Square was only 10-15 minutes walk, and Grand Central Station was very nearby. There was a supermarket just around the corner, where we were able to purchase juice, cereal, milk and snacks, essential with a hungry teenager in the group!The staff was very courteous and requests for extra towels and kitchen utensils were met promptly.I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. And the price was unbeatable too!	
Aug 21 2006	Loved it!	We stayed at East 39th Street Murray Hill East Suites in Dec 05 and absolutely loved the place. It is very much a SELF CATERING affair and we knew this before staying, however kitchenette was well stocked and the living room and bedroom were big enough for 4 adults to stay without falling over each other. We spent the 4 days walking all over Manhattan and can honestly say that the room was clean, warm, quiet and the best place we could be for what we wanted for our first visit. If you want to be fussed over go to a hotel where your meals are provided and everything catered for. If you want to eat out and get a feel for New York stay here. Definitely a great choice and cannot fault the staff or the room. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 7 2006	Good place for the price	We stayed in this hotel for a three/four day stay. It is a little off the beaten path, but in NYC you have to walk a lot or take taxies and we did both. To get to the theatre district/restaurant area was only $6.00 and the subway and Grand Central Station was only 5 blocks away. We never felt unsafe and the area is fine. the room was clean, a bit worn, be we paid under $250 for a one bedroom that slept 4 people and was fairly quiet. The sirens were not too close. There was only one TV in the LR, but we were never in the room that much to need it. The cable was not the best, some channels were scrambled, but again no big deal, were were there for sleeping and showering. Got extra towels when requested and maid wervice was fine.	
Jul 6 2006	worst staff ever	room was larger than expected, but definitely more of a 1-star after the service we recieved. One of the guests in our party had left a shirt behind in the bathroom, however when we called back the next day we were informed by thier housekeeping staff that nothing was found in the room.	
Jul 2 2006	Good Place If You Don't Have to Be Catered To	We just returned from NYC and stayed for 3 nights at the Murray Hill Suites. All in all, it is a very good place to stay if you are just regular folks who don't require a lot of special attention and want a clean hotel room that is conveniently located in New York City. Our room was on the 9th floor, and was equipped with a small kitchen with a refrigerator which allowed us to buy some groceries to eat in the room. The room was clean. The air conditioner worked fine, although I'm not sure if it would suffice in 100 degree weather (it was in the mid 70's and lower 80's during our stay). The curtains cover the air conditioner, which is a bit strange, but you can just shut the blinds and leave the curtains open, giving you the full air conditioning benefit which you will probably need, as New York is quite humid at times. The bathroom towels were a little worn, but everything was clean and maid service did a good job every day in washing our dishes, replacing our towels, etc. All of the hotel employees were courteous. The exercise room, although small, was nice, and overall it was just a fine place to stay. The rooms were quiet until the last night when the &quot;Loud Family&quot; moved next door to us. They had a kid who hollered at the top of his/her voice and they acted as if they were the only ones on the floor. But when these outbursts happened, they were quelled fairly quickly (I don't know if there were complaints from other patrons or what, but one minute all hell would break loose, then 2 minutes later , all was dead quiet, and stayed that way, until the next outburst which could come hours later.) You could also hear conversation quite clearly from another room through the air grate in the bathroom at times, but since we weren't spending a lot of time in our room, instead preferring to explore NYC, it was not a major problem. My wife gets a discount from her job at American Airlines, so the price was $119 a night + tax, which is great for New York City. We will stay there again.	
Jun 6 2006	Perfect Place to Stay!!	I just stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites on East 39th and Lexington in NYC. I was amazed, this suite cost me $ 170.00 for one night and the place was amazing. The room was huge for a NYC hotel, the beds were clean and comfortable, there was a nice firm loveseat in the room, and a small, but totally functional kitchenette. The kitchenette was clean and totally stocked - plates, cups, wine glasses, silverware, pots and pans, dish drainer, and dish cloth. The bathrooms were small, but totally workable and clean - huge shower. Everything was clean and tidy.The staff were great - and with such a small number of staff members - the staff really got to know the people staying. There was a small, but nice gym in the basement. This hotel is in a mostly residential neighborhood, so the noise level was minimal. There are a number of great and cheap restaurants on either 3rd or Lexington along with a reasonably priced grocery mart on the corner. Since this hotel is a suite - there was a lot of families staying and the noise level in the early evening was sometimes above average - but the place was silent by 7 pm most of the time. The furniture in the suite has been well used, however it made the place feel more like being at home than at a hotel. This hotel is not for anyone who wants the $ 500 a night NYC hotel experience, however if you want a clean, comfortable, and good priced place to relax - this is the place to go!	
Jun 3 2006	Great room great location	My daughter and I stayed at Murray Hill East for three nights and had a wonderful experience. The room was huge and clean. Having a small fridge and kitchenette was very convenient for restaurant left overs. The large closets eliminated room clutter. At the end of each day we looked forward to returning to our room after a busy day of sight seeing. There was street noise which can't be too unusual in New York but not enough to keep us awake. I can't comment much on the staff because we never had any need to involve them because we never had a problem. The location was very convenient with a short walk to Grand Central Station. We had a wonderful experience and already plan to return to this hotel when we return to New York.	
May 8 2006 	Terrible Cooling Problems	So here I am, at the Murray Hill Suites. It's a nice enough, although not luxury place. OK neighborhood. And they gave me a one-bedroom suite. But the room, the hallways and everything is about 90 degrees. I turned all the cooling units to air conditioning, left the suite for an hour or two, came back and still stifling. Asked downstairs. &quot;Oh, the cooling is set by the building, you can't change it&quot;. &quot;But it's boiling up here&quot;, said I. &quot;Open the Windows&quot;, suggested the clerk. &quot;They were open when I got here and it was stifling&quot;, said I.&quot;Well, all we can do is give you a fan&quot;, said the unhelpful clerk. So here I am. Sweating my *** off. I'm spending $300 bucks a night for a room with no air conditioning, and it's hotter than the inside of a NY nightclub on a Saturday night. My advice: If you can endure hot temperatures, c'mon in, the water's fine. But if you expect a little, well, climate control for your $300 nightly fee, look elsewhere. What a shame.	
Apr 29 2006	Good value for NYC	Two women stayed here for five days through a Hotels.com booking (159/night for the junior suite). Staff was helpful and there was even a room ready at noon when we got there. Other reviewers are correct that the rooms need updating but they are spacious and comfortable. The towels however really need to be replaced. If you are a stickler for fluffy towles you may want to bring your own. The staff kept the room clean and even washed our dishes we had left in the sink to do later. The location is great, buses run on both Lexington and Third and Grand Central is only four blocks. Although on 39th we had no problem with noise. We also used the fridge and the stove to reheat some leftovers, which was a bonus if traveling on a budget. If you are not looking for a five star hotel but something comfortable and convenient Murray Hill Suites works well and I would not hesitate to book there again.	
Apr 28 2006 	needs lots of work	We waited 30 mins for the chamber maid to start/finish the room - she saw us waiting in the hall and still took her sweet time. The carpet had stains in it, the kitchen was clean, the beds had bed bugs, the windows weren't as well insulated as one would hope, the walls are thin. The bathroom was newly renovated but very small, you could barely turn around full circle. The front desk people weren't that friendly, no one made eye contact and generally didn't offer to help us - even if you were perusing a map for 10 minutes in front of them. They were just a bit too lazy or didn't care - just did their jobs to the minumum. It's not a bad place to stay, just a bit dark and run down. I'm sure it's a great deal for a family since they can cook lots of meals and feel at home. But if you're single or married - there are much more relaxing or exciting places in NYC to spend your time in.	
Apr 28 2006	Nice Room Great Price Great Location	We got a good deal through Priceline and didn't know what to expect. The staff were friendly and helpful. They would hail a cab for us when we needed it, which was helpful during rush hour and peak times. The room was clean and quiet. The suite was nice so when my fiancee wanted to go to bed early and I wanted to still watch a late game, we both could do what we wanted. The location was great....short cab rides to many attractions and walking distance to Grand Central and the subway. Highly recommended for travellers on a budget.	
Apr 26 2006 	Bad Experience	Rooms need remodeling. During the week is very noisy if you are trying to get some sleep. The gentlemen who works nights in front desk as customer service needs intensive training. He definitely doesn't know how to treat guest.	
Mar 24 2006 	ok once finally in room	i got to the murray early room was not available yet. i waited 30 min after check in time . room still wasnt ready. 20 min later front desk gave me a key and said go and check if room is ready it was not ready! i finally asked for an upgrade. luckly this room was ready. once i got in my room which was a jr. suit i was very happy with the room. It was very very large compared to the rooms ive stayed in at the raddison lex. very clean. now check out day was not that great. im from orlando so im not use to whistling at cabs. and when i come to new york usualy someone who works at the hotel helps me catch a cab. the door man told me where I could catch a cab. after 5 cabs passesd me i went back to the hotel to complain. the doorman was asked to catch me a cab. and I made it to airport by a hair.	
Mar 23 2006	Almost like being at home	We (wife, husband, 2 children) just returned from a week-long stay at the Murray Hill East Suites (MHES). We couldn't have asked for a hotel better suited to our needs. I can't imagine anyone not being thrilled with MHES, but I suppose it depends on what you want.If you are looking for the classic hotel experience (lots of fawning staff, big heavily-decorated lobby, glass-enclosed elevators, a hotel bar and &quot;what usually turns out to be&quot; a mediocre and overpriced restaurant), MHES (which was once an apartment builing) is probably not your place. If, on the other hand, you don't mind not having a chocolate mint on your pillow every evening, like staff who are friendly (but not over-the-top), like plenty of space, a reasonable price and want to be near, but not in the middle of, Times Square, you can't do better than MHES.Our suite had a more than adequately-sized living room/dining area, complete with a sofa sleeper, love seat, desk and dining room table. The kitchenette was more than adequate with a full size gas range, refrigerator, dishes and coffee-maker. We also requested a frying pan and microwave from room service, both of which were promptly delivered. The separate bedroom had two full-size beds with very comfortable mattresses (recognizing that tastes vary widely). The bedroom alone was about the size of what one would expect in a typical suburban hotel. The bathroom was small, but very clean. Overall, the worst you could say is that the decor and room, which is kept spotless by the crack cleaning staff (they'll even do your dirty dishes if you don't get to them first), is somewhat dated (but not at all worn). Did I mention quiet? We were next to the elevators and I never heard them.The location was perfect for us as well. The Murray Hill area is more residential than most midtown Manhattan neighborhoods, but from MHES it was an easy walk (less than a mile) to the UN, Chrysler building (actually about 4 blocks), Grand Central Station (about 5 blocks and the location of the nearest subway), Empire State Building and Times Square. There's a D'Agostino grocery store about 1 block away and a Duane Reed Pharmacy about 2 blocks. Eateries in the neighborhood are too numerous to mention, but our favorite was the Dining Concourse at Grand Central Station, which provides lots of not-so-typical options.Probably the biggest endorsement came from our kids (ages 10 and 13), who would easily have given up one more docent-led tour at a museum for a more downtime in the hotel. Lastly, from what we could tell, the neighborhood is safe. Returning to our hotel from a Broadway show at 11:00 pm seemed as safe as it is in Madison, WI, our hometown.In short, Murray Hill East Suites provided a near perfect match between room quality &amp; service and our needs. When and if we return to New York, this is the first place we'll look for accommodations.	
Mar 20 2006	Great area. great room	Three women stayed in one room and we never had to fight for the bathroom! Size was great. Location was fabulous. Try Sam's Place for dinner - very good and reasonably priced. Definately stay again!	
Feb 27 2006	Great hotel	Stayed 2 nights. Clean room, very friendly staff and the room was very spacious. Well worth the money! Great location. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Feb 12 2006	Great place Great price	The room was spacious, clean and a great price. With 3 adult women we were not tripping over each other. The staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions. We drove in to the city and the hotel was easy to find. We parked at a nearby garage and walked or took a taxi to every place we needed to be for 3 days. We will be back. Next time I might even take my family.	
Jan 28 2006 	Truly the best bargain in New York! An honest assesment	We had to travel to New York with our non-profit board of directors on 1/23-1/27 and had to do it on a limited budget. I am in the commercial real estate business and our company usually puts us up at the Peninsula or Four Seasons so I was a little nervous about this little place, but serving on a charity board, the group needed to watch its $$.We walked into the very nice and elegant lobby of the Murray Hill Suites. A doorman was there to welcome us and take our luggage and I was given a key to Room 407, a 1 Br Suite on the 4th floor facing 39th St. This really was a suite-a living room, dining area with table, a separate full kitchen with utensils, dishes, coffeemaker and full size frig. Decent size bath with plenty of towels, good toiletries and hair dryer. The bedroom alone was the size of the typical NYC hotel bedroom so having all this space was great. Lot's of closet space with iron and ironing board and a family of 4-6 could have easily stayed in this room. The price? Our travel person bought our plane tickets in a package deal with rooms through Orbitz, so for each person, with airfare and 3 nights, it was $602 per person. By my calculation, after you take out airfare it was about $100 a night-couldn't believe it, especially since we were at the Benjamin on 50th and Lex, 3 weeks prior at 5 times the price! I use this site a lot for travel recommendations as I travel for business and I had read the reviews here, before we stayed here. Some in previous reviews complained about the supposedly outdated decor I say c'mon. The furnishings were nice traditional, very well kept-more like something you'd see at your well-to-do great aunt's house. Sure they weren't Room and Board, but they were just fine. As for the noise, there is some but not like Times Square-this is a quiet residential area with access to lots of restaurants, grocery stores, Starbucks (2 within 1 block- we used them for WI-Fi access). A favorite eating place for all of us was Sarge's Deli at 37th and 3rd-3 blocks down 3rd (this hotel is on 39th in the middle of the block between 3rd and Lexington)-a lot like Carnegie Deli-but without the hype. Great menu and they've been there about 70 years. Grand Central Station was only 3 short blocks north-we had to take the train to New Haven one day for a day meeting-it was easy.So to sum up here is the good and bad:GoodVery Clean, Safe and ComfortableExcellent locationAttentive StaffFitness CenterLaundry Room on site- a dry cleaner is 3 doors down2 TV's in SuiteCoffee Maker + CoffeeDishes, Microwave (had to request)Iron and Full Ironing BoardSafe for valuables in the RoomLot's of drawer and closet space &amp; plenty of hangersCopies of Menus for local restaurants in room and the Doorman has more and good suggestions tooPriceBadNo Broadband Service- I picked up a weak signal, but ultimately took my laptop to StarbucksStreet Noise- if you are a light sleeper, but no more than other NYC hotelsChecking in-39th is a one-way going west, so if you are driving in, parking-even to check in, is a challenge-may have to go around the block a couple of times. This is what folks told us who drove in. They told us the parking garage is couple blocks away, and about $30 bucks a night. We arrived via Taxi and had no problems.I have to close by saying if you want pure luxury, this won't fit the bill, but for a well-kept, clean safe alternative, you can't beat this place. Other guests who we saw in the hotel were well-dressed and ranged from 20 something couples to business people to families. It is at the top of the 3 star range and a great place for business travelers. I will definitely return (unless my company foots the bill at the Four Seasons) and this is a great place for families too!	
Jan 21 2006	Murray Hill East Suites	Enjoyed a 2 room suite with a small kitchen very much. Sooooo much room--you definitely don't feel like you are in New York. I think I got the room on priceline--can't remember. Anyway the first room smelled terribly of enamel paint. I have asthma so asked for a different room. Somebody was complaining that their room smelled like smoke and I switched. I didn't think it smelled like smoke. So altho it seeme3d like various people have small complaints once my room was switched I was completely and totally pleased. The kitchen was really cute in a room by itself about the size of a bathroom. So much closet space my goodness! I think we were on the 10th or 11th floor. We kept the windows open and listened to the taxis honking every morning. Enjoyed getting pizza delivered there too! Seemed like a much better room that you would get in a boutique hotel on the east side or near NYU. Interesting bakery/catering place across the street, a diner a 1/2 block away, and a couple of Italian restaurants and a small convenience store within 1 block. Took a cab to Zabars which has Feline's Basement across the street and a bagel shop in the same block.	
Jan 2 2006 	Convenient clean 	I've stayed at Murray Hill twice in the past year. As an ex-New Yorker, I love being NOT in Times Square, but in a more residential/normal retail part of town. Grand Central is just a few blocks away, and there are restaurants &amp; delis all over the place. Both my rooms have been clean and comfortable. Decor isn't the most modern (think your aunt from the upper east side) but I love the extra space and the dining room table. It's been a perfect place for business trips - easy to get to and from almost anywhere in the city.	
Dec 27 2005	Great place to stay with family	We recently stayed at Murray Suites from 20-22 December with three small children and three adults. The two bedroom suite was a perfect fit for the family. The rate for the room was $105 a night for two nights through priceline, however this was for a one bedroom king without a pull-out couch. The manager on duty, seeing a family of six in the lobby instructed us that an upgrade would be 40 dollars additional each night. Part of me was hoping for a free upgrade, but that same part of me was hoping for free parking. (doesn't happen) Rooms have a complete kitchenette and a microwave is available from 8am-4pm.	
Dec 24 2005	Truly a great find!	We just returned from 5 days at the Murry Hill Suites and had a wonderful experience there. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The housekeeping service did a great job of maintaining our room. They supplied us with lots of towels, sheets, blankets and pillows. We tipped them generously. Our decor was very nice. The king bed was excellent. The queen mattress on the couch bed could have been updated. The noise level for NY City was fine. The location was within walking distance of a lot of attractions. And since we were there during the transit strike, we did a lot of walking! We just liked their quiet, relaxed and modest style of doing business. Even Ray in reservations was very helpful with rates, directions, places to see, special needs, etc. We will surely stay at Murry Hill Suites whenever we visit NY City again. Truly a great find! Thank you!	
Dec 19 2005	This is a Great Place	My teenage daughter and I stayed in the Murray Hill East Suites on a trip to New York in July. For our needs it was fantastic. No, it's not the Ritz, but our large room/suite was clean and nicely furnished. I loved having a living and dining area in which to relax after a long day of sightseeing. The bathroom was recently renovated, and the fully equipped kitchen was fabulous. The staff was very friendly, and we felt extremely safe. The location is also a plus. A three block walk to Grand Central Station could get us to anywhere in the city. There were also numerous restaurants and grocery stores nearby. Needless to say, I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 18 2005	Loved Murray Hill East Suites	I loved the location. We rented the one bedroom suite. It was VERY spacious, of course the outdated decor could be redone (but it was clean and well kept) and for $200.00 a night during the holiday season you can not find a hotel in a better location! Within walking distance to Time Square and Rockefeller Center...The staff was top notch! They allowed us a late check out! The manager was very helpful as well! I would stay here again! Nice lobby! I think you will be well pleased with the hotel for a business or family trip!	
Dec 12 2005	Fab apartments	My sisters and I stayed in the Murray Hill Suites during our stay in Manhattan. It is one of the nicest apartments I have stayed in. The kitchen is really well equipped, it even as a dishwasher. The apartments are a really good size and the bed was huge. there is maid service daily, which meant a clean apartments and lots of fresh towels. The apartment also has quite a good fitness centre for those who are not worn out by walking around Manhattan.	
Nov 24 2005 	We will return!	I liked this place and will return. I gave it an excellent because for a 3 star hotel, it was way better then I had expected. We booked the one bedroom apartment thru apartments2book and everything went smoothly. We stayed there 6 days including the Sunday of marathon weekend so prices were high all over the city, but this was less $$ then nearly every hotel and we had room for 6. Even though they were very busy, we did not experience any problems. Check-in/check-out only took about 5 minutes and they gave us an extended check-out due to our later flight departure. The rooms were spacious and very clean.The housekeeping staff was polite and unobtrusive. Having a kitchen helped us save money by reheating leftovers. Daniels Bagels is only a couple blocks away and Patsy's Pizzaria is a bit of a walk but well worth it. We tend to use hotels merely as sleeping quarters as we like to explore, but this place was so comfortable we spent a couple evenings inside reading, planning our next day, etc. We're pretty low maintenance and don't require a lot of help so didn't have a lot of interaction with the staff, but when we did, they were courteous. The only negative I can think of is that our 8th floor apartment was above a doggie day care which had a play area on the roof. We had a couple morning wake up calls from the excited dogs on their morning romp. Since I have dogs myself, it really wasn't a big deal to me, but it may annoy some people. All in all a very, very pleasant experience.	
Nov 15 2005	Loved it!!!!!	I stayed at Murray Hill East with 2 other friends and we were very impressed!!! From the friendly staff (VERY nice door man) to the super clean rooms!! The rooms were huge with a nice view of the Empire State Building (if your window faces the right way). Grand Central was within walking distance and we were able to get around no problem! I would definitley stay here again!!	
Nov 2 2005	Only Impressed w/ the Price	Stayed with some friends here recently. Thought we would splurge a little with the location - which was nice, in all fairness. That was the only plus: we found front desk staff to be unhelpful and generally unpleasant, and there was just one person on all the time, so we always had to wait forever (this is NYC!). Also, our room had a leaking sink that went all over the bathroom floor. The best was definitely the absolute lack of soundproofing; we all woke up in a panic one night thinking someone was getting killed down the hallway when, in reality, it was just someone laughing. What hotel in any city hasn't figured out the concept of cutting down on noise traveling so as not to irritate hotel guests?? So I guess the only impressive thing, really, was the price. I would NOT stay here again...did I mention they also need to seriously redecorate and update their style?	
Oct 31 2005	Terrific Place to Stay	I am a former NY'er who goes home for visits frequently for at least a week at time. I hate hotels so I look for apartments or apartment-like accommodations. I got this through a travel deal on Orbitz and I could not have been happier. Much better than the place I have been staying in previously, which I will not name but which I will never go back to again now that I have found the Murray Hill!!We had a one bedroom suite - huge, this place obviously used to be an apartment building and I sure wouldn't mind living in an apartment like this! I love the bathroom (it's bigger than the one in my home)and has nifty art deco lights. The bathroom was white and green and the green theme continued throughout the apartment. Dark green carpet and the bed linens were also in the green hue. If you are looking for shiny new modern, then this is not the place for you. BUT if you are looking for large, comfortable, CLEAN, convenient accommodations, you can't beat this place.The kitchen has a dishwasher, some very basic pots and pans (not new but clean and they did the job). No toaster or microwave. The coffee pot is small and since we were there for a week and my husband drinks a lot of coffee we bought a larger coffee pot and 2 large mugs. No big deal to us. We had brought our own coffee and coffee pot filters.We never had any reason to call the front desk for anything and checking in and out was a breeze. The doormen were all charming, the housekeeping staff pleasant.Since I'm from NYC, I was very familiar with the neighborhood (having worked in the area for many years)tons of stores, a short walk to Grand Central,All in all, I'm loving it!We WILL be back!!!	
Oct 25 2005 	Not great but not bad	Three women traveling together, we booked at the last minute and had a heckuva time finding a hotel under $300 that would give us three beds or two beds and a rollaway. Finally found the Murray Hill Suites using Apartments2Book and got a suite with one big bedroom (with two double beds) and then a sleeper sofa in the living room.Price seemed good at $209.The suite was quite big by NYC standards. Galley kitchen was decent sized by NYC standards. Bathroom was a little tight. Closets galore. Two tvs (one in bedroom, one in living room). Squeaky clean. Towels on the thin side.My biggest disappointment was that the location was nothing special. We felt safe, and we could see the top of the Empire State Building from the living room window--that was very cool--but otherwise the hotel was on a nondescript street and the immediate neighborhood is not particularly vibrant or overly prosperous looking. I have stayed before in Times Square and that was much more fun. And, as we rode through the city on the bus and walked we saw other neighborhoods that were more prosperous-looking, and I was a wee bit jealous of folks staying in those neighborhoods. Will try for those neighborhoods next time.Each morning we walked two blocks to an excellent bagel place--Daniel's Bagels on 3rd avenue--and there were plenty of drug stores, grocery stores nearby. We were told about good restaurants in the neighborhood, but ate lunch and dinner in other neighborhoods where we happened to be at the time.Being in between Lexington and 3rd gave us great access to north and south buses, but a longish (about four blocks) walk to the subway -- I'm spoiled having stayed much closer to subways in the past. Good that the closest subway is Grand Central; we had no problems getting anywhere from there.Street would probably be considered quiet by NYC standards. Definitely an apartment building in a prior life. Has a real apartment building feel, not a hotel feel. Exterior is dated--1950s?The wait on check-in was painfully long with only one desk clerk on duty. We never saw more than one person at the front desk so it's probably a common problem. I was #3 in line when I walked in, but the clerk was so slow that the line grew to at least ten people while I was waiting.Had a snafu on check-in. I was given the key to 307, I unpacked, then fell asleep on the sofa as I waited for my other two travel companions to arrive. Was awoken by two Kiwi women opening my door as they had been given the same room. Called front desk and the clerk told me I was supposed to be in 208. When I said I had a key to 307 and had already unpacked, would he please put these women in 208, he relented and said he would &quot;fix&quot; it in the computer. However, when my traveling companions arrived, they were given a key to 208 and they walked in on the Kiwi folks. The Kiwis figured it out, told them to try 307, and again the front desk said he would fix it in the computer. When we checked out the clerk gave us the bill for #208. Not a huge deal, but I didn't understand why the mix-up was so difficult to cure.We had no problems getting adequate linens for the sofa bed.	
Oct 17 2005	Murray Hill East-Very Solid Experience	My wife and I just returned from a weekend in NYC. We stayed at the Murray Hill Ease Suites on 39th between Lexington and 3rd Ave. We truly enjoyed our stay. The room was a large L-shaped efficiency with a wall of windows, and contained a living room setup (couch, chair coffee table, TV) a small kitchen w/ fridge, sink and appliances and a queen-sized bed. There were tons of closets, and a small to average-sized bathroom. The room's decor was a bit outdated, but very clean and neat. The hotel seems more like a small apartment building than a hotel. We paid $170/night on Priceline and it felt like a bargain. The staff was courteous and even gave us an extended checkout time at the last minute. The Murray Hill area is relatively quiet by NYC standards and there were plenty of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops close by. The hotel itself has no restaurant or bar, and that is a negative for some, but it didn't faze us in the least. It seems like it would be an affordable option for a family, but if your looking for a bunch of ammenities or a romantic hotel, you'd probably do better elsewhere. I would definately recommend the Murray Hill East and wouldn't hesitate to stay there in the future.	
Oct 13 2005	Amazing price - Clean! - awesome location - no better deal in NYC	We've been to NYC quite a bit w/ lots of friends living there. Usually we stay at the Omni Berkshire or Lucerne. But Murray Hill East was the best hotel for the money that we've ever stayed at. HUGE rooms, VERY clean and awesome location. It's NOT a 4 star hotel though and the linens and towels are a little threadbare but it was spotless!! (a good solid 2 or 3 star) Kitchen was cleaned every day. I'm in public health and am a bit of a freak about cleanliness - this was really REALLY good. Very quiet street, near Mexican embassy. 3 blocks from Grand Central, 4 or 5 from NY public library. Easy walk to Theater district or uptown.I can understand how people have had problems before....the front desk wasn't great. Not helpful with directions or dining recommendations and didn't even have a Zagat's to look at for restaurant info. I overheard a guy saying his A/C didn't work and another said they gave him a key to a room that was occupied. But we had no problems. Great for families, great value and clean! We'll stay again!	
Oct 10 2005	Good choice for a good price!	We stayed here for a Fri-Sunday trip and it was a great choice! I booked it from the &quot;name-your-own-price&quot; website. The listed it as a 2-star hotel but it was much better than that! The checkin was fast and easy. It was strange that in 2005 a hotel has &quot;real&quot; keys for the doors and an old-school elevator but the amenities were mostly modern. The TV Remote was very basic but met the needs just fine.The room itself was very clean and comfortable. As all the rooms are suites, the kitchen area was complete with dishes/oven/stove with a microwave available on request- our short trip only made use of the fridge and the sink. The surrounding neighborhood is a tree-line quiet location overall. The only drawback was the short walk to the nearest subway- Grand Central is 3-4 blocks away (42nd and Lexington- hotel is on 39th between Lex and 3rd). Otherwise, I'd gladly stay there again!!	
Sep 28 2005	Great Place To Stay!	Very large rooms, especially for the money in the city. The rooms (most importantly) were great. Small kitchenette with stove and fridge (no microwave), large dinning area, living area (comfortable couch and chair - a small TV, but wasnt in the room much, so that was fine.) Large bedroom area, with a decent view, LOTS of storage, and average bathroom. Serivce was standard. The only minus' were the hallways are tight and dark, and elevator is a little slow.Great location, just minutes by foot to Grand Central, and in a nice, quite neighboorhood. Street vendors selling goods 1 block away was great, and dinners abound within a short walk. We will stay here again!	
Sep 28 2005	feels like a home away from home	The front desk was very professional and accommodating. Overall hotel was very clean and the suites were very spacious and nice.	
Sep 26 2005 	Convenient and comfortable	I have stayed in many hotels in midtown Manhattan but this will be my homebase from now on. The suite is very roomy and comfortable--as a business traveler, I enjoyed being able to spread my work on the desk and make the living room my office. The kitchenette was convenient and the nice grocery store around the corner on 3rd made it even easier to eat on the cheap. The only drawback to the kitchen was the lack of a microwave. This is the best price per square foot you'll find!My first floor room actually betrayed its apartment origins with a large unfurnished patio. The doorman was prompt and courteous, the staff friendly and knowledgeable. Grand Central Station is the nearest subway station--if you're unfamiliar with the area, look for the subtle entrance directly on Lexington Avenue just after you cross 42nd on the right. This will save you a half block. I was able to easily walk to both the Flatiron and the theatre district (20-30 minutes). The immediate dining options are mediocre (Saga on Lexington was good but the help was disguntled).	
Sep 25 2005	Loved the kitchenette! Quiet in NYC!	The hotel was great. We had a king size bed, and a pull out sofa. We also had a small kitchenette which came in very handy for left-overs, water bottles and such. The front-desk people were very nice and check-in and check-out went very smoothly. Everything was very clean.	
Sep 11 2005	Poor Service	We booked 3 adults. (2 beds and a pull out couch). When we arrived there were no linens for the pull out couch. We told the front desk and they said they would take care of it and have someone bring some sheets and pillows up. So we trusted this and went out to visit the town. When we got back at 4am, there were still no linens for the pull out couch. We told the front desk that we STILL do not have any linens. We were then informed that they do not have any more left. Apparently this hotel does not have enough linens to supply for all their guests. Needless to say it was a restless night. If you want to sleep without sheets and a pillow....this is the hotel for you.	
Sep 1 2005	Quiet large rooms and good location	Good price and good quiet location. Nothing fancy. Room had a small kitchen area and our room was at the back of the building which was super quiet on the 10th floor. Couple of good bars around the corner. Check out the Black Sheep for a beer.	
Aug 12 2005	Clean Convenient Responsive	We're a family of four with an 18-year-old and a 15-year old and just returned from a four-night stay at Murray Hill East Suites. We purchased an air/hotel package via Priceline and, when we arrived at the hotel, a quick hop, skip and jump on a Sunday afternoon from LaGuardia Airport, our two reserved rooms were not quite right. The kids' room had only one bed, not an option for teenaged brother and sister. The hotel's solution to our problem was an upgrade, not only up seven floors to the more-quiet and less-populated 12th floor, but to a huge, two-bedroom, two-bath suite with a balcony - a room worth twice what we paid for both of the original rooms. Each of the bathrooms had a vanity table with a chair and lighted magnifying mirror. Plenty of closet space, extra pillows, sufficient kitchen utensils and wares. (I don't hold it against them that there was no potholder or cookie sheet in the kitchenette!) There wasn't a single significant thing wrong with the hotel. Yes, the elevators are old and slow and the dishwasher didn't clean anything in the top rack, the tub in the master bedroom drained too slowly and the view from the balcony was laughable, but every surface in our suite was scrupulously clean and that's the most important thing as far as I'm concerned. I didn't see a single bug the entire time. The staff were friendly and helpful, the service was responsive and the location of the hotel is almost ideal - three short blocks to the subway and less than that to a grocery store, a drug store, a liquor store and seemingly infinite places to eat and, yes, even dine. The area doesn't have exactly the ambiance I expected - it's more commercial and tourist-heavy than I expected - but for this I blame my own ignorance of NYC. The other guests at the hotel seemed classy and content, no sleaze, no trouble, just the quiet comings and goings of business types and other vacationers. For a two or two-and-a-half star hotel, this place was way above average and we'd stay there again without hesitation.	
Jul 31 2005 	call ahead if you want non-smoking!	I got a 1-person deal on hotwire for about $169 +tax for 4 days in late July 2005. The room could easily fit 2 people, with a couch (not sure if it was a sleeper), comfy easy chair, smallish TV w/cable, coffee table, small desk (no internet access). Lots of storage: dresser, 3 closets, lots of hangers, ironing board, (leaky) iron, etc. It's mainly families, but quiet nonetheless. In a non-touristy neighborhood, near drugstores, groceries, Grand Central. Don't forget to ask for the toaster and microwave before you go! Basic kitchenware is provided but in cabinets so high I could barely reach them (ok, so I'm only 5'2.)My complaints: 1) Grubby, itchy blankets, lumpy bed, shapeless pillows. Please spend some money on these, hotel owners! 2) I asked for nonsmoking when I got there. The clerk offered me a ground floor rm, then a room on a &quot;smoking floor.&quot; This room reeked, of course. I was finally given a nonsmoking room, which didn't smell--unless I turned the a/c off and opened the window--it then stunk of cigarette smoke.	
Jul 28 2005	Nice Clean Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with a friend for a few nights. Got a GREAT price on it through priceline, and was very impressed. The staff was polite, the room was VERY large, and clean. The decor was a little outdated, but that was not a big deal to us. The location is great, and it's within walking distance of Grand Central Station. Would definately stay there again!	
Jul 19 2005	Murray Hill East Suites- Great Find!	This apartment is an unbelievable find. By Manhattan standards, this place is huge! Our NY friends' jaws dropped when they saw it. The neighborhood was great, too. Less than 3 short blocks to grand Central Station, you can get uptown or downtown easily or even catch a one-minute shuttle to Times Square. Or, it's a nice 10-15-minute walk to Times Square and the theatre district. We (5 females) felt very safe walking around the neighborhood at night. There was plenty of grocery/deli stores within 3 blocks as well as late night pub food available.The apartment is clean, the hotel lobby is adequate and has a clean restroom which came in handy because we had 5 females in a one bathroom apt! :) The laundry room and small gym are great if stayimg for awhile. The staff was very helpful and professional.The apartment is huge and clean. We found that the rooms had been kept up well-- no rusty, leaky sinks or tubs-- or grout. The carpet was very clean for a hotel room. The kitchen had basic cooking utensils and pots and pans, a dishwasher, toaster, and regular-sized fridge. The living/dining area was plenty big and could easily accomodate a rollaway if needed. We had all kinds of room to stash packages in corners or behind chairs. The sofa pulls out into a double bad. There was a table with 4 chairs, too. There was a nice big closet. The bedroom was certainly big enough, with plenty more closet space and dressers. The two double beds were very comfortable, with a nice spread.We found it very quiet at night, yet passed a party next door onthe way in to our room for the night. It sounded loud from the hallway but we heard absolutely nothing in our room.I really needed to have Internet connectivity each morning before everyone woke up, but the building is not broadband enabled. I could walk to the corner to a Starbucks or walk a few blocks to beautiful Bryant Park to do an hour of work while New York woke up. Next to the library, it has free broadband for everyone. I never missed a day because it was such a pleasure.Oh, did I mention, the price was much better than most crackerbox hotels? I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone and will stay there again myself.	
Jul 6 2005	Very good place I love it	Very good place. Easy to find. Nice people (especially one - dark brown hair, lovely and sweet young lady at the reception desk). Close to good restaurants and pubs. Little bit far from subway but it is not a real problem. Clean rooms at a decent price. Change bad and clean room every day. Always fresh towels. There was a kitchen in my romm equipped with coffee maker, oven, glasses etc. Very important in extremely expensive city. I paid for a single room but there was king bad and a sofa - amazing.	
Jul 4 2005	Home away from home	I booked it through hotwire.com for $120.00 a night. Good price for 3 start hotel near 4th of july. It was a suite with full kitchen with king size bed &amp; a separate bedroom. Good for a family vacation.Room was nice and clean. Nice place to stay in Manhattan.	
Jun 13 2005	Couldn't Even Fix the Toilet!	We were very excited by the Murray Hill East Suites Hotel when we first arrived. We were upgraded to a bigger room when we checked in (for an unknown reason) and were thrilled with the large living room, kitchen and two-bed bedroom. The location is absolutely first rate...three blocks from Grand Central Station which can lead you anywhere in NY City, and there are dozens of places to eat, especially a gorgeous deli about a block and a half away. The massive problem we faced concerned our toilet! It wouldn't flush without overflowing. When we asked to have it fixed, the front desk sent the doorman in with a plunger. We were told that there was no maintenence person on duty to fix it! We realized that the toilet was not clogged, but that it must have a more serious problem. Each day we asked the management to have the toilet fixed, and each day, it wasn't. On the third day, we were told, that there was &quot;nothing we can do for you&quot;! We were forced to use the lobby bathroom the entire four days we were in New York! No one ever offered to find us a room with working plumbing, and we were given no compensation for putting up with their disineterested staff. Only the doorman was pleasant, and he was the one who kept being sent in with a plunger! I think that the staff at this hotel - with the exception of the doormen - kills the otherwise excellent experience at this hotel. For that reason, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jun 7 2005	Not horrible not great either	My daughter (13) and I stayed at the Murrary Hill May 29 thru June 5th. Our first bad experience was with the front desk clerk. We checked in around 4pm, were told the room was not quite ready, and given keys and sent up to the room. &quot;Not quite ready&quot; was a huge understatement. The room was totally trashed from the previous users, dirty dishes, unmade bed, trash, bad smell. When I went back down to the lobby the desk clerk said &quot;I told you the room wasn't ready&quot;. Very deadpan, unpleasant individual, I ended up in an argument with him, bad way to start a 5 night stay. Thankfully we did not see him except that one time.The rooms we saw on the website were large, with separate bed and living quarters, and a kitchen. We got a large room with a couch and eating table in it, and a small kitchen. When we asked for a separate bedroom, because my daughter went to bed a lot earlier than me, but it was made clear that we were priceline customers, and could not upgrade. Our rate was 120.00 per night. The bathroom was small but nicely updated. The doormen were very nice, the maidservice was good. Elevators are small but adequate, the gym is nice, and the laundry room came in handy, 1.50 to wash and 1.50 to dry. The dryers get really hot so be carefull with your delicates! All in all was not terribly impressed. Past the lobby it seemed like a Motel 6 or any other lower end room. But I guess that's New York. The W down the street looks so much better.	
Jun 5 2005	Wonderful hotel	This is an excellent value, not just for New York City, but for any location. The entire staff, with the exception of one desk clerk, was polite, responsive and helpful. We were upgraded from a one room suite to 2 huge rooms, plus separate kitchenette. Everything was shiny and clean. And the location is unbeatable. Murray Hill is a mostly residential area, but markets, restaurants, Grand Central Station and 5th Avenue are close by. I will definitely stay there the next time I visit NYC.	
May 25 2005	Excellent experience at Murray Hill	I returned from a weekend stay in NYC and stayed at the Murray Hill on May 21 -23, 2005. Due to the U2 concert at MSG, prices for hotel rooms in NYC were out of control - and I was unable to get a GREAT deal on this room - like so many other Priceline users. Nevertheless, I was very pleasantly surprized upon arriving to my room, which was upgraded to a one bedroom suite. It was huge, especially for NYC. The main room was extremely spacious and the bathroom was exceptionally clean and looks like it has been recently renovated.The location is perfect for shoppers like me and is located in a quiet neighbourhood - I had no trouble walking back to the hotel even in the early morning hours.I would definitely return to the Murray Hill - especially if I could get the same room as this for $100.	
May 21 2005	Uncorteous attendant	I stayed in a very large room at Murray Hill for about US$ 100 (May 2005). It is really a very low price for a hotel located at Midtown Manhattan (near the Grand Central Station).However, my stay at Murray Hill was not entirely pleasant due to the following facts: (1) my room was located in front of the Lobby and in front of the entrance door (I never saw anything like this) ! So, it was impossible to sleep well due to the guests' noise until very late hours. The room is not bad (in fact, it is very large, with a small kitchen), but I cannot understand why they put a room in a place like that.(2) an uncorteous attendant, that replied very aggressively when I asked about the possibility of changing my room to another one. Due to my experience at Murray Hill, I do not recommend this hotel. It was, in fact, the worst hotel that I stayed in NYC (and I know more than 10 hotels in this city).	
Apr 22 2005	Perfect...Volume Two	Just got back from a great four-night stay with my kids at the Murray Hill. We got it through Priceline for $90 a night and while I was told on the phone and during checkin that I would have to pay an extra $20 a night, they collected nothing except the expected $6 occupany fee at checkout, so we must have lucked out. As with all Priceline transactions, it books the room for two but when they saw we were three, they put us into a one-bedroom suite.The room was great--a huge living area with a pull out queen sleeper and a surprisingly sizable separate bedroom with a king bed. There was a TV in each room and the living room TV even had a VCR so the kids wouldn't miss &quot;American Idol&quot; and &quot;Amazing Race&quot; while we were hitting Broadway shows (different rooms have different video situations--there was a DVD-VCR combo in the room across the hall and nothing in other rooms i saw into). The kitchenette worked out very well and while the water pressure was a little wanting in the bathroom, it was nothing worth bothering over.My son's only complaint was that he wished it were closer to Time Square, but it's in a great East Side neighborhood chock full of delis, bagel shops, resdrug stores and grocery stores. Will definitely stay again!!!	
Mar 16 2005	Perfect!	Not knowing what to expect from a hotel that accepted my bid on Priceline for $65/nt., I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. We stayed 4 nights in mid-July 2004. The room we stayed in was clean, quiet and had a great view of the Empire State Building. The kitchenette was definitely an added bonus; also clean and the appliances worked fine. It was nice to have a cup of coffee or toast a bagel without having to go out. The location is ideal--the subway station is conveniently only 2 blocks away and getting anywhere seemed really easy. The neighborhood wasn't seedy at all and there was a very nice street fair on Sunday's just one block up. The staff too, were always happpy to help with recommendations or directions. They even allowed us keep our baggage in their locked closet after we checked out, as our flight didn't leave until later that evening. We had a fabulous time in NY and the Murray Hill East Suites are a very sweet deal. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 4 2005	Can't beat it for the money!	I booked this for last weekend on Priceline. We got a room for $100. My friend did the same (we were traveling with our spouses and kids). Of course we did not realize that at the time of the booking it only guarantees you one bed. I've never had a problem with priceline bookings and calling to get two beds, but when I called the hotel directly I was told I could only request two beds at check-in. With my husband and two kids in tow, I was sweating it out until arrival. When we arrived, my friend and I tried to arrange for adjoining rooms so we could relax together as couples after the kids went to bed--sorry none available. We hadn't complained about it, but were just a little disheartened and ready to settle for what we could get--after all it's only a $100 hotel room, when the manager came over and upgraded us to a two bedroom suite. Two full beds in each bedroom, a pull out couch, two bathrooms, a kitchen, etc. It was perfect for our two families and it made for a fantastic weekend. While the decor is 80's modern--it was in impeccable shape with not a bit of mold, stains on carpet, faded bedspreads, or anything.I thought the neighborhood was extremely convenient and nice and will definitely plan on staying there for any subsequent trips to NY. If you like friendly service, a clean room for cheap money--than the Murray Hill East Suites is for you.	
Feb 26 2005	A hotel room bigger than my old studio apartment!	On a recent trip to Manhattan, I decided to check via Priceline to see what I could find. Priceline put me in the Murray Hill East Suites, for about $50 a night, with taxes. Normal rate for this hotel is around $180 a night. The hotel is in Murray Hill, which is a great little neighborhood very close to the U.N. (If you're familiar with Manhattan, it's on 39th street, between Lexington and 3rd Ave.) The neighborhood is very quiet, and there are plenty of delis, restaurants, grocery stores, bars, etc... within just a few blocks. You are also very close to all of the sights. The hotel is just down the street from the Chrysler Building. The U.N. is about a 10 minute walk away. Rockefeller Center, Times Square, the Empire State Building, and other sites are all within a 15 minute to half hour walk. You can also walk 4 blocks down to Grand Central Station and hop the subway to anywhere in town. (There is a subway shuttle between Grand Central and TImes Square, if you don't want to walk.) The hotel is small, but very clean. The building almost reminds you of an apartment building. There is a small lobby with places to sit. Check in was a breeze, and everyone I dealt with at the front desk was pleasant and professional. The hotel still uses keys for the rooms, instead of keycards. (How Quaint!) The front desk is small, and there is no concierge service. The hotel does have a small fitness center, and also has a self-service laundromat. The rooms are very basic, but HUGE by Manhattan standards.It was bigger than a studio apartment that I once lived in. There is a tiny kitchen with a sink, refrigerator, and a small stove/oven, and cups, plates, and utensils. A microwave does not come in the room, but you can ask for one. There is a small dining area with table, and a very comfortable couch on which an extra person can sleep if need be. The TV was only a 20 inch or so, and the remote could be used to turn the TV on or off, change the volume, or go up or down on the channels. It didn't have a number pad on it. The bed was a king size, and I had *no* problems sleeping. The bathroom is your average sized hotel bathroom with a sink and a tub. The only problem I had was that when I first got into the room, there was a slight smell to it. It took me a while to realize that they had cleaned the carpet, and there was still a lingering smell of the carpet cleaning material. The smell faded within a day or so. Overall, I was *VERY* happy with the hotel. I would not stay there for the full price, but for what I paid, I got an EXCELLENT bargain. I was very satisfied with my stay here. I have included 3 photos of the room. You can see them here: ----	
Feb 16 2005	A Good Deal	I liked this hotel. My husband and I were traveling on business and I really liked the fact that we could stay in Manhattan and have a full working kitchen. It made it much easier to get rolling in the morning without stopping off somewhere for breakfast.My only complaint is that when we pulled up to the hotel, there was nowhere to park our car while we unloaded our bags. That would not be an issue if you had taken a cab. We ended up having to park illegally and quickly haul our bags down the block to the hotel. The parking garage is around the block &amp; my husband took our car over there once we had our bags inside. Not too big of a deal but a minor inconvenience.Nothing fancy inside but it was clean and safe.	
Feb 2 2005	Best Value In NYC.	On my way for the 3rd stay at The Murray Hill East. Quiet neighborhood, close to Grand Central Terminal, lots of room, clean and safe. Staff has always been friendly. Nothing fancy, but very homey.	
Jan 27 2005	Good for the price	This is a safe, comfortable hotel for the price. Not a bad neighborhood. Service is great. Its not the Waldorf but for the price, you cant beat this one!	
Jan 18 2005	Great Service	We arrived late in the evening for a vacation weekend &amp; had an issue with our reservation made through an online reservation service. The staff on duty was very courteous &amp; gave us a room for the night that met our needs &amp; straightened out the mix-up for us the next morning without a fuss. The rooms were sizeable, clean &amp; serviced daily. The area of town was very quiet in the evenings &amp; it was only 3 blocks from Grand Central, which made it very easy to get where we wanted to go. The room was a great value &amp; the service was excellent. We recommend it very positively to anyone who wants a clean, quiet, convenient place to stay in Midtown Manhattan.	
Jan 17 2005	What a Gem	What a great value for a mini-apt in NYC. Right down the block from the W. I stayed here in Mid Jan. I took a chance with this hotel &amp; priceline has it rated as a 2 star. It's a steal. Not one complaint from me &amp; believe me I am one to complain. If you have a chance to stay here, I suggest you do it before the rates go up.	
Dec 26 2004	Nice family hotel	We were looking for a hotel that offered more space than the usual NYC hotel room. We rented a one bedroom room for 6 days. The room was perfect for our needs. Plenty of space, small kitchen, and clean. We also liked the location. Last year we were right off Times Square and we found it to be too crowded for us. This hotel is in more of a residental area. Plenty of places to eat. Close enough to the theater to allow us to walk to the shows. Couple small negitives, but not enough to keep us from coming back. 1. One of the front desk persons was consistantly rude. 2. Shower - would go cold for a few minutes before the hot water came back. Minor to me but my wife didn't like it. Pluses: 1. Space 2. Location 3. Clean 4. The rest of the staff was friendly and helpful. Bottom line: If you are looking for a hotel with all the amenities, fancy room, upscale service, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a room that you can come &quot;home&quot; to after a long day of walking, sight-seeing, and shoping, you should be happy here. Keep in mind that the furniture is a little dated, but in good shape and clean. The bed was very comfortable.	
Dec 8 2004	Great Buy	Since this place didn't have a website I was a little apprehensive. It turned out to be clean and spacious and nicely appointed AND in a great location. We had a 1BR suite w/ kitchen. It was about a 4 block walk from Grand Central Station and near all sorts of restaurants, a market, bagel place, etc. Staff were polite and efficient....would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 9 2004	Fantastic Deal in NYC	This hotel is a great deal in NYC because the rooms are significantly larger than NYC average and they are clean. We (3 adults, 2 children) had booked 2 rooms through Orbitz and requested 2 double beds per bedroom. Upon arrival they didn't have this type of bed available but they gave us a FREE upgrade on the penthouse suite which was just great: 2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, plenty of closets, a large living room with 2 sofas, a coffe table, a dining table with 4 chairs, a fully equipped kitchen and even a roofdeck with some deck-chairs. The suite was very clean and quiet and the roofdeck was a great extra you normally don't get in NYC. I would recommend this hotel to everyone who is looking for ample bedrooms in NYC at reasonable prices ($150 - $200 plus tax.) The Murray Hill East is close to Grand Central Station and shops on Park and Madison Avenues. It has no Bar and no Restarant which is fine with me, because there are plenty of dining and entertainment options when you just step onto the street.	
Aug 21 2004	Great place to stay	My family of four stayed at Murray from August 16 - 19, 2004. We got our room for $100 from priceline.com. We have two kids and priceline doesn't guarantee accommodations for more than 2 adults. The room had a queen-sized bed and a pull out sofa. They did not charge us for the two kids, although they had threatened to do it over the phone. The front desk was very polite and accommodating!The room was plush with nice furniture, carpet, and a nice kitchen with a range and refrigerator. This hotel is near Grand Central Station and the Empire State Building. It's in the middle of Manhattan and quite fancy. We would go back to this hotel in a minute--for the price, you can't beat it!	
Aug 18 2004	Great Hotel	I made my reservation at this hotel because I had researched for a week, and the reviews were so strong. Most rooms in New York are 10 by 12 or 14 feet. I was traveling with a girlfriend that I didnt know that well, and I didnt want to be cramped in a tiny room, trying to unwind after hectic days of sightseeing.Our one bedroom suite was larger than my first apartment! We had a corner room on the first level, so there wasnt a view, but the size made up for it. The bedroom was huge with 2 double beds and it had a door, the living/dining room was large with a pull out couch, and a seperate kitchen, with toaster, stove, utensils, glasses, etc. We had 2 TVs in both rooms, and it was bery easy to relax and recoup. There were also 3 large closets. The motel motif wasnt great, and the furniture was worn, but with all that room, who cares! The beds were comfortable, and the hotel was quiet, we heard no street noise. The location is 3 blocks from subway, Central Station, and a grocery store one block away. I highly recommend this one!	
Aug 9 2004	Excellent value	Spacious, comfortable, unpretentious, homey. Great value for a family vacation or a long business stay.	
Jul 10 2004	Nice Place!	We were pleasantly surprised with the room. We had two one bedroom suites. We also were able to tour the Penthouse and may rent that for our next stay. Lots of room, clean, quiet. Close to everything. Only three blocks from Grand Central Station (and the subway) and about six blocks from July 4th fireworks celebration. After the fireworks we were back in our room and sleeping before most people got a cab. Grocery store nearby and the room had a full kitchen. Laundry and work out room in the basement. Friendly, helpful staff. No internet but I was too busy for the internet anyway. Do not buy the New York One Pass. You will pay less by just paying admissions to attractions.	
Jul 10 2004	I was actually impressed	I was actually impressed with this hotel for the price range. You can get a room here for around $200, more or less. I payed $144 including taxes and fees from Hotwire.com. For this price range, you get good spacious rooms that are homey and comfortable. You also get a mini kitchen with a refridgerator, stove, pots and pans and utensills. In addition, it's in a great Manhattan location, which is the mid town east side. I prefer this location because it is relatively quieter and conveniently closer to the major points in the city. It's the perfect hotel for tourists and I strongly recommend it. If you are a business traveler and need special services and ammenities, this may not be the place for you and you may want to book a room in a fancier hotel with all the bells and whistles and personal special treatment services. However, the great thing about this hotel is that it is spacious, clean and comfortable. Something that you would need after a long tiring day of sight seeing. Personally, I do feel that the spaciousness is important after a long day in New York because it helps me to unwind and stretch out better without feeling caved in like in many of the typical tiny rooms in New York. You normally pay around $200 or more anyway in Manhattan for a room that is small, so for this price range you will get more space and space is a luxury in New York as you will see when you stay at this hotel. The spaciousness did make it feel a bit more luxurious, considering that space is precious in this town. I give it a thumbs up.	
Jul 1 2004	Will Return	Just got back from NYC 6/29/04 stayed at the Murray Hill, Package was gotten from Priceline, will return to the Murray Hill in about 2 or 3 months. Rooms are big full kitchen. I enjoyed the hotel, plus good location. Stayed out late got up late maids go home at 4pm, so if you want your room cleaned get out by 1pm. Even with the package fully paid for got hit with $6.00 a day NYC flat occupancy tax when you check out. Plus bring your cell phone 5 bucks local call even an 800 number.	
May 27 2004	what a pleasant surprise!	We got a fabulous deal through Priceline-$65 per night- and we were so thrilled to walk into our room and find so much more than just a hotel room. We got a small apartment! A living room, bedroom, private bath, and a stocked kitchen- we had all the comforts of home! Add to that a pleasant staff, nice midtown area and a fantastic view of the Empire State Building, and our trip to NYC was better than we even hoped. We will definitely stay there again.	
May 21 2004	My home in NYC	I first stayed at the Murray Hill during a corporate transfer years ago. They were exceptionally friendly and helpful then and haven't changed. It's like having an apartment in New York City. My husband and I both stay here when either of us is in New York. The rooms can't be beat for the price, and the neighborhood is quiet and safe. They only time I am disappointed in the hotel is when they are full and I need a room! 	
Apr 14 2004	SUPRISE!!!- ITS BETTER THAN YOU THINK!	Six of my friends and I visited New York in March of 2004 and were delighted to find large rooms, friendly attendants and a great deal. For the price and location Murray Hill East comfortable enough to call home for a short or an extended stay. They were even nice of enough to hold our luggage past check out until we were ready to leave later that day. One down fall was getting a smoking room when we asked for a non-smoking one specifically. We will be back for sure.	
Mar 31 2004	the worse hotel in new york city murray hiil east suites	well where do i begin hmmm... bad bad service the maids enter your rooms with out permission by having a do not disturb sign out they will come in or ring the bell that happened my whole trip their the management has no clue i mentioned to them several times but some didnt speak english so it was like sleeping at a super 6 motel well at least their the beds are much more comfterable and services way better than murray hill east suites they really need to learn customer service skills badly!!!! and no manners for privacy..i wouldnt recomend this hotel to my dog in china ok its horrific.... so even if you are to save money i rather much put out for expensive pure quality comes in...	
Mar 28 2004	Hard to rate... The good and bad.		
Feb 6 2004	We've loved this place for years		
Jan 26 2004	it's really a good deal		
Dec 4 2003	Great Stay		
Nov 12 2003	A pleasant surpise!		
Nov 4 2003	good deal for decent room		
Sep 10 2003	Murray Hill East truly is a "suite" deal......		
Aug 14 2003	the rooms are kind of smelly...like old socks ciggarette butts and terrible cuisine		
Jul 31 2003	Best Place to Stay		
Jun 9 2003	Delightful Neighborhood!		
Sep 20 2009 	Rispetto agli standard americani degli hotel "ottimo"		
Aug 22 2009 	muy buena ubicacion y buen trato		
Aug 12 2009 	Excelente ubicación y alojamiento muy cómodo		
Apr 14 2009 	Très bien situé		
Jan 11 2009 	consigliabile		
Jan 4 2009 	navidades en nueva york		
Aug 16 2008 	Excelente ubicación. Perfecto para una familia		
Feb 7 2008 	Ottimo Hotel		
Jan 24 2008 	Einfach nur super		
Oct 3 2007 	Sehr gute Lage und große Zimmer jederzeit gerne wieder !		
Sep 20 2007 	Ottima sistemazione		
