	Great location great service and comfort at the best quality/price!	This hotel is a gem. If you like smaller hotels with attentive service, this is the place! The whole staff is very nice, polite , smiling at all times, from front desk to housekeepers, breakfst staff etc. Breakfast is included and is very good, including good coffee. Rooms are clean but a bit small.But who cares, we are in NY to visit and shop, not to stay in the room! The location is perfect, litterally 2 blocks from Penn station, Macy's, Empire State building etc. We even walked all the way to Times Square, Broadway and Central park (need time for that however!) I will go back and recommend it anytime! The price makes it even more attractive : app. 250$US for room with 2 double bed) .	
Nov 8 2009 	If sleep isn't important this is the hotel for you.	I generally travel to NY for Broadway and stay within 40th and 50th and near Times Square. I wanted to try something different, so we chose to head a little further south. The location was fine. The hotel was not. After our shows, cocktails and some time in Times Square, we returned to our room at 1:15 AM to a blaring Latin Jazz band directly underneath our window. Apparently they do this every Friday night. We requested a room change, but they wouldn't do it. While in the lobby another man came to complain that he had children trying to sleep. They did nothing. I finally called the front desk and demanded a full refund. I give them credit for honoring that; I stayed for free. I would rather pay and have a good night sleep. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 6 2009 	Found a gem in New York City!!	Having travelled from South Africa and having had to book on-line (and we all know what's posted on the net is not always the same in reality!!) I need to let any other future travellers to New York know...I found a gem!!! This hotel is just a few blocks from Time Square, really well priced and includes a good complimentary breakfast that gives you a great start to the day. The room is a good size for New York, modern and spotless, with a marble bathroom including a bath and shower. With free internet I could update my Facebook to let all know back home what we were experiencing in NY and overall the hotel has added to the whole fantastic experience of New York.....	
Oct 31 2009 	Noisy Noisy NOISY Noisy hotel	Please DO NOT stay at the Wingate - unfortunately, this is one of my company's preferred hotels and this is my second attempt (my preferred options were all booked out) at staying in this hotel and the last. When booked, I requested a quiet room as my previous experience had taught me not to get a room overlooking the street as the garbage trucks literally roll up and down this street ALL night and the noise is incredible. On arriving I was told I had a room in the front of the hotel - although I was reassured that because it was on the 18th floor - it wouldn't be noisy. My experience from last time told me that this was an incorrect statement. I requested a room at the back and was given a double that looked a bit dusty and unloved. I was informed they were having a halloween party that night and that it could be noisy - now I was prepared for some noise but this is ridiculous - a full on club is now booming in my room. I asked to move - they are now 'full'. I was informed the party would be going on until 4am. I have now been up for 24 hours with no sleep. I am now going to leave.	
Oct 21 2009 	clean	this is a nice hotel. the staff that helped with our check in was very friendly. i guess our room wasn't ready yet so we wait a bit more than 30min but the wait was good coz she end up upgrading us to their clean air room with a refrigerator. no microwave though. we were on the 22 floors and noise was not an issue. we had king bed that were big enough for a family of 5. the room is a little small though not much room for our big luggage. but the place is very close to major attractions. we walk to timesquare, macy's and the empire state building. breakfast was free for us but just continental. internet is free. if u forget the privacy notice on the door they cleaned your room immaculately.	
Oct 21 2009 	Repeat customer	We stayed at this hotel to attend an event in the garment district. The hotel is easy to find from Penn Station. It is elegant yet unpretentious. It not very big. I believe it has 18 floors but only 6 rooms per floor. We stayed again the next time we went to NYC, and will stay here whenever we can. If you're looking for a decent hotel with nice rooms with easy access to Penn Station, this one is great.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location wonderful staff	We picked this hotel purely for it's location between Times Square and Madison Square Garden. It was easy to walk to the subway and easy to get around. The interior of the hotel is newly renovated and very nice. Everyone that we encountered on the staff where helpful and friendly. I would easily recommend this hotel to anyone and look forward to staying there during my next trip to NYC.	
Oct 9 2009 	I would recommend this hotel	Upon arrival we were greeted politely and since the rooms weren't ready they checked our bags for us so we could go have lunch. The rooms were clean and beds were comfortable. They served a hot breakfast each morning that was good. For the price and location, I would highly recommend this hotel; we will stay there on our next trip to NYC!	
Oct 8 2009	New York City	New York City, April 2009My husband and I finally made it New York City this Spring and had a wonderful trip. We stayed at the Wyndham Midtown which was very clean and convenient to all attractions. It's a rehabbed place so the bedding &amp; carpeting was new. Continental breakfast was included in our stay &amp; they have a little patio in the back. The bathroom was very spacious which is unusual for NYC. We flew into JFK from St. Louis (Lambert) and then took the A-train &amp; subway to Penn Station. We then walked to our hotel. The hop on hop off bus was perfect for our first two days there. The views from the top are amazing. After that we used our Metro Card for the subway which was pretty easy to use. We spent one day at Ellis Island &amp; had purchased our ferry tickets online in advance. We got last minute Letterman tickets, but the highlight of our trip for me was the Broadway show &quot;Blithe Spirit&quot; featuring Angela Lansbury. The food at Dallas Bar-b-que in Times Square was delicious &amp; inexpensive. It's a fun place to visit,, but wear good walking shoes and stop &amp; pick up a map at the Visitor Center when you arrive.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Value!	Good Location- close to subway, manhattan attractionsMany free extras: WIFI, HOT BreakfastGreat Bar off of Lobby!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location 	The location of this hotel is really great. It's within a block of Penn Station &amp; Macy's, walking distance to Times Square &amp; the Empire State Building &amp; some decent restaurants too. The hotel was very clean, although the bathroom did have a slight smell of mildew &amp; some minor mold was growing in the shower. I loved having a microwave &amp; refrigerator &amp; the breakfast spread was really good. Eggs &amp; some kind of meat (either sausage or bacon) a variety of pastries &amp; breads (bagels, english muffins &amp; sliced bread) &amp; waffles too, along with cereal &amp; yogurt &amp; fruit. My only complaint is that if you come to breakfast after 9 a.m., you have slim pickings for breads &amp; the waffle mix was usually gone. My sister &amp; I would definitely stay here again! Oh yes, and Sacia at the front desk was very helpful &amp; friendly. I've read complaints that the hotel was noisy, but they do everything they can to make the noise minimal, they offer earplugs &amp; white noise machines in the rooms. We were in 1105 (away from the street) so we didn't hear any street noise at all. The air conditioner was a bit noisy, but that's to be expected.	
Sep 29 2009 	wonderful experience	We stayed at the Wingate last week for 7 days. I traveled with my wife and teenager son. We had a great stay. Our room (two dbl very conf. beds)was at 16th floor quiet and clean.The room, location (very close to 34th str. Subway stations -1,2,3 and A-E lines-, Penn Station or Port Authority and Path Train) and overall service was excellent.Check-in and check out was very easy and fast.Room was very clean, LCD TV, safe that can hold a laptop, free internet, continental breakfast,iron and ironing table,umbrella was very good thinking. Also the bed was big enough for two people, there was a microwave and fridge and daily newspapers (USA Today-in week days)delivered to your room.I will definitely stay here again on my next visit to the city.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location in mid-town excellent hotel value	Found this highly rated hotel through trip advisor and booked several months in advance to take advantage of special. The location was excellent, short walk to shopping (Macy's around the corner) Times Square and Hell's Kitchen restaurants.Easy access to Penn Station with direct connecting trains to EWR Newark AirportExtensive breakfast included for three of us.Highly recommend the hotel	
Sep 8 2009 	??? Was I in same hotel at all???	Having just read andrews post i really had to question had i been in the same hotel. I stayed at the Wingate last october and loved it so much we are travelling back there next month on October 9th for 5 nights. The hotel is lovely.. the staff are so helpful.. the location was perfect for us as we spend a LOT of our time in Macy's. You get a complimentary breakfast, great to set you up for a days shopping. There are 4 of us sharing a double double room and we had plenty of room (would of had loads more if we hadn't bought half of new york). Can't wait to return to NY and stay at the Wingate.	
Aug 31 2009	the rat motel	the motel was awful, holes in the walls rats everywhere I DO NOT recommend	
Aug 23 2009 	Wonderful Experience	Can not imagine staying anywhere else. The staff was so courteous, helpful and friendly. The room, location and overall service was excellent. Not one complaint.	
Aug 20 2009 	Family fun in New York City	We recently stayed at the Wingate August 11 12 13, 2009. It was during our family visit to NYC. The staff were friendly, professional, knowledgeable and seemed always ready to help. Room was very nice and clean. Microwave and fridge in the room were very handy. The breakfasts were awesome and the morning staff always greeted us with a good morning and have a nice day. Makes the vacation that much nicer. We were able to communicate electronically via the 2 pcs located on the 2nd floor. Very nice ambiance. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in NYC and would gladly recommend this hotel. MLOttawa, Canada	
Jul 30 2009 	Great service great rooms	We stayed with a group of 9 people, ranging from 3yrs old to 57yrs old. We booked through hotels.com the same day and obtained the rooms at $165/night tax included. We were wrapping up a vacation in an RV and called the hotel concierge to ask for assistance in finding a parking lot in Manhattan that could accommodate a 30foot long RV. The concierge was extremely helpful, called various places and find us a place about 12 blocks away. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly &amp; serviceable. The rooms were small, but larger than some NYC rooms I've stayed in. Most importantly the rooms were very clean, the beds were super comfortable, the bathroom was very clean and modern and though only with a shower, it was a larger shower. The breakfast was good, I had one of the best omelets. The location was great for going uptown or downtown.Overall, I was expecting something mediocre for the price and it turned out to be a very good experience.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great stay Sacia at front desk was extremely helpful!	We stayed at the Wingate last week. I traveled with my husband and two teenagers. We had a great stay. Our room was quiet and clean. We found Sacia to be very helpful at the front desk. She was always friendly and ready to help us out. We loved NYC and would stay at the Wingate again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Were given the worst room in hotel even though we booked 7 months ago	We were flying back from our Honeymoon on Mexico to Europe and decided to stay in NY to do some clothes shopping. We booked this hotel as it is close to my wifes favourite shop (Macys), the reviews were good and it was aroun $100 per night cheaper than other simialr hotels. We arrived pretty tired after a 5 hour flight. The front desk was quite but the receptionist had messed up the PC and needed 5 mins of button clicking before he could say hello. We were given room 205. The room was pretty small, the bathroom was very strange, like a walkin shower with a plastic seat in it. The toilet seat was fixed down and was a bit hard to sit still while doing the toilet! The TV was on the wall at the side near the pillows making it hard for 2 people to watch while in bed. The bed sheet had some sort of plastic material inside it?? We then realise it was a room for disabled people. At around 8pm, the disco started outside. The music was very loud and the people chatting and screaming was even louder. We lay awake until 1 am and then I asked the front desk for a room change. We booked the room in Dec 08 so I thought we should be entitled to a better room. I later heard many people complaining about noise and overheard the receptionist saying the hotel had overbooked and they were trying to sort it out. The front desk didn't seem that interested in questions. Certainly no where near as friendly as the Affinia 50 we stayed in last year. We were given a room change the next day to a room at the front of the hotel. This room was much nicer and much bigger (although I expected the disabled room to be bigger not smaller). The TV was at the end of the bed, the bed itself was very comfortable and big, bathroom was nice although the toilet seat wasn't fixed down but could live with it. There were earplugs in this room but we weren't sure why....until 10pm when the trash lorry and companies started working. It was fairly noisy but we could sleep through it. If we were given the second room to start with, we would have gave the hotel 7/10 but the 1st room was so bad and we booked so early that it left us with a sour taste. There are many hotels in the area that would be quieter, I would check them out first. I can't comment on breakfast. We got to sleep late due to the noise and breakfast is finished by 9 so we went to the ticktock dinner on 8th...it was fantastic!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location - Worth the Stay !	My husband, 2 teenagers (age 16 and 18) and I stayed at the Wingate for 3 nites last week. We had a great experience. Staff at check-in and check-out were very nice. Our room was ready when we showed up at 1 pm. The breakfast was great (but you better get down there way before 9 am or the pickings will be slim !) Our room was nice, roomy and quite. We were on the 16th floor on the back side of the building which I think helped with the lack of street noise. We came in after dark each night and did not feel scared walking the street back to the hotel. Only about a block or two away from Macys flagship store and Herald Square and only about a 10 to 15 minute walk to Time Square. When we go back to NYC, we'll definitely stay at the Wingate again !	
Jul 17 2009 	Use your ear plugs and compare rates	I arrived exhausted at night and got my room. Immediately, my first impression was a huge amount of noise from a party at the bar downstairs. They informed me that there was no other room and to use my earplugs. The next day they did move me to a quieter room. That was better but was already tired from a night without sleep.The rate was almost $250 as my colleagues booked on the phone. Booking on line would be about $195. So be careful you don't pay more than you need to because the hotel is not a value. These days you can find better properties in New York at reasonable prices. This is supposed to be a budget hotel but it is not. The garbage cans in front of the entrance make it particularly unappealing It does have the amenities of included breakfast and Internet access. The staff is friendly.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice Clean Hotel Good Location Next to Penn Station	I looked at MANY hotels on this site before booking. I had heard that there were bed bug problems in some places in NY. I also needed something affordable where I could get uptown or downtown very easily. WIngate was the place. Room was very clean, LCD TV, safe that can hold a laptop, free internet, continental breakfast. I didn't hear any outside noise like one of the reviews said here. Part of that migth have been because I was very tired when I would get back to the room. If you are not very exhausted everytime you come back to your hotel in NYC, then you are really wasting your time in the city. Also, they have a little &quot;radio&quot; that you can turn on and listen to the ocean, birds, and 5 or 6 other &quot;nature&quot; noises. Breakfast was not amazing, but good enough for &quot;free&quot; They had hot items like sausage eggs, ham, bacon and waffles. Elevators are fast. I know in some hotels in NY in the past, I have had trouble with slow elevators. I read another review about providing clean towels. Everytime I came back to the room after leaving in the morning, I had clean towels, linens, and the bed was made, so no problem with that. If you want to save some money, want a nice hotel in a good location, this is definitely it. Oh, did I mention that the rooms are a nice size with plenty of space for a hotel in NYC at these rates.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice Hotel for the Money with a Great Location	This hotel is a tastefully decorated, clean, and comfortable hotel. Our room was the standard two double bed room with a closet, small bathroom, and a window at the end. The view was less than spectacular, however we were on the top floor (18th) so we could not see the street below, just the building across from us. The staff was nice, they greeted us when we walked in the door, answered our questions politely, and the guy in the breakfast room quickly replenished things when needed. The hotel was updated and modern with nice furnishings and modern decor. The location was also very good. Although it was not on a &quot;main&quot; street, it was only about 5-8 blocks away from Times Square, 3 blocks from Macy's, and 2 blocks from the nearest subway station. Overall, this hotel was very nice for the money and is very adequate for a weekend in New York. I don't recommend this hotel for those looking to spend lots of time in the hotel, it doesn't have lots and lots of amenities, however if you are taking a trip to see the sights of NYC and just want a clean, comfortable, modern hotel with a good location, this is an excellent pick.	
Jul 9 2009 	An Apartment with a maid	We arrived about 3 hours early for check in and the hotel didn’t have a problem checking us in. The staff wasn’t pleasant at check in, but they weren’t rude either. The room was a double queen room nothing special. It was a normal hotel room, it was clean, the beds were one step below a stone slate and the A/C sound like a small plane, but it was cold and that’s what counts. We had no view, but that doesn’t matter because you shouldn’t be in your room much anyway. We had a flat screen TV, a cold frig and a safe. The overall hotel was clean and neat nothing ordinate. The reason I said it’s like an apartment is because the staff didn’t really care about what you were doing. The hotel didn’t have a hospitability desk to help you out to find things or give you advice. You kind of just come and go as you please. The Hotel is located between two of the city’s main Subway hubs on 34th ST and down the street from Macy and the Empire State bldg. If your planning on going anywhere else be prepare to walk. Don’t be afraid to take the subway and ask for directions (Buy a 7-day sub pass it’s worth it). The hotel is also in a safe area. Check out was ok, same as checking in. The front desk called us a car service to LGA a lot better than a cab but about $15 more. I would stay here again, but I would personally want something closer to Central Park.	
Jun 18 2009 	I'd rather not stay here again.	I'm not really sure what it was. The hotel provided free ear plugs and a white noise machine. They had a letter on the counter when we arrived that apologized for the &quot;garbage trucks&quot; that they can't control. I think it was a construction site across the street but perhaps it was a garbage transfer station of some kind. All I know is that at midnight each night the horrible whirring, grinding, crashing and clunking noises one would associate with sounds that a garbage truck makes began and they continued without stop throughout the rest of the night, echoing throughout the entire neighborhood. And we were on a very high floor. I really think it was overnight construction work. But a letter in your room upon arrival (SURPRISE! YOU CAN'T SLEEP!) isn't the right answer. Full disclosure before booking (I booked direct via the web) and then let the market tell you what you can charge for that kind of problem. They also didn't provide clean towels. Oh, I read in the letter that they've got a green policy. I'm fine with that. But when the dirty wet washcloths are picked up from the floor and removed, they should be replaced without having to make a special request. (I really think this was done so that I wouldn't neglect to put a tip in the little housekeeping envelope as I did the first morning.) The youthful staff at the front desk could have been more helpful. I asked a few of questions but mostly felt like I was bothering them and didn't really get helpful advice anyway. The extended continental breakfast was serviceable if just average but with so little variety, I was over it by the fourth day. It would have been helpful if the restaurant would have been open, too. The price wasn't horrible and the location was really pretty good. But I'd go back to the real Wyndham on the next block for a little more dough rather than staying here again. It was a spacious room with a microwave and fridge, so that was a huge plus in NYC. But in general I'd rather feel really welcome and instead I felt a little scammed. Also, I understand that they need to clean carpets and chairs from time to time but leaving me a letter that it might happen in my room some time over the next few days isn't the best strategy for the guest. They should have also told me which day they were coming to my room and then notified me once they were finished. We picked stuff up off the floor repeatedly to prepare and then we returned before the carpet had dried the day they did it, something we only discovered when we walked on it in sock feet. There's management issues here, for certain, although besides lowering the price, I'm not sure what can really be done about neighborhood noise. Still, it's not my fault and I felt I was taken advantage of. My wife hardly slept at all.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel with great location	Just spent four days at the Wingate Inn at 35th &amp; 7th in NYC. There were four adults sharing a room. The room was clean, beautiful and we had plenty of room with all the suitcases since the four of us were catching a 9 day cruise on our departure from NYC. The rooms are 300 sq ft which includes plenty of room for the beds, a large closet and a large bathroom. It was quiet, except the one night the garbage was picked up about 2:00 Am--the staff was friendly and extremely helpful with every request. The breakfast was very good--eggs,sausage,bagels,toast,waffles,cereal,fruit, juice, milk, &amp; coffee. Free safe &amp; free internet. Location could not have been better-1/2 blk to blue, 1 blk to red and 2 blk to orange subways. The street closes up at night, but during the day it is in the middle of the garment district. Restaurants are 1/2 blk west &amp; 1 blk south, along with a drug store. We felt safe at night on the street, and just 2 blk to Macy's &amp; 3 blk to Empire State Bldg. We would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone visiting NYC. In July, they are opening a Creole Restaurant also.	
Jun 18 2009 	The Place to Stay in Manhattan! Simply Superb!	I have been to New york before and stayed in the usual small rooms that Manhattan is abound with. Wingate in Midtown Manhattan though is in a league of its own! Location is excellent, Right behind Macy's. So if you wanna shop you are staying at the right place. TImes square is about a 15 mins walk. There are a few good eateries nearby, I would highly recommend the great bread factory which is just a 2 min walk. The rooms are large, the bathrooms are really well equipped, the staff very nice and friendly! Its just one fantastic Place! We are vegetarian and the breakfast held good options for us. A great way to start your day. if u are in Newyork look no further! Wingate is your best option (unles ofcourse you can afford the Waldorf astoria). The hotel room rates are simply fabulous! We were 5 of us and booked two double queen for two nights. (Traveling with parents). Seriously Stay Here!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff	I booked this hotel after reading positive reviews from fellow travellers, I was not disappointed. The room was tidy, the bed was big enough for two people, there was a microwave and fridge and daily newspapers delivered to your room. What more would you want?Location would be the strongest point of the hotel, very close to Penn Station, Times Square is only a 10 min walk, you can take the subway to various locations such as Chinatown, Uptown Manhattan, Staten Ferry Island, Wall Street, Central Park.....If your coming from JFK airport, take the Air Train, then take the LIRR into Penn Station. You will probably be at the hotel within the next 30-45 mins easy. Exiting Penn Station to find your way to the hotel was extremely easy from the LIRR, follow the signs to 34th St and 7th Avenue, go up the escaltors to exit out on to the main street (34th St and 7th corner), go up one block along 7th avenue to 35th st, turn left (at Starbucks) and walk 100 yards.Breakfast, was ok, the times for having breakfast I felt could be a little more convenient, as Im not really a morning person. Overall selection of foods were ok, but I thought there could of been more variety especially for vegetarians and those who have food intolerances. Overall it was enough to get you through the day.Overall, great place to stay, will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Once Again Not Disappointed	THis was the second time I have visited this hotel, the first time with the family. I cant fault it, clean tidy rooms, pleasant helpful staff, wonderful location. If you are in New York then I cant recommend this hotel enough. Every request we made regarding the rooms and their location was delivered, too good to be true but it was.I suppose the best recommendation is I will be back.	
May 29 2009 	What a Great Place!	We were thoroughly impressed with this hotel. Very clean, complimentary high speed internet , functional furnishings, comfortable bed and linens, fair price and a great location!! What more could you ask for?I will definitely stay here again on my next visit to the city.Thank you very much. Job well done!!	
May 28 2009 	The Location was perfect!	We walked everywhere. 1/2 a block to Macy's, a short walk to Time square. We even walked to the pier for our tour of the Statue of Liberty. Starbuck's right on the corner. The front desk staff were very friendly and the rooms were larger than expected with a modernized bathroom. Loved the microwave and fridge. The only downside was the &quot;breakfast&quot;. Be there well before 9:00 if you want anything. One do it yourself waffle maker for everyone to share. The worst was that no one cleans the tables or serving counters so it wasn't very clean or tidy. There are lot's of resaturants in the area that serve breakfast at a reasonable price. Aside from this it is very good value for the pirce.	
May 15 2009 	Average New York Hotel	This hotel was not badly located as Times Square was within 10 minutes walk which is the reason for picking this hotel. Our room was comfortable although the view out the window is the side of building/factory. You would have to choose a fairly expensive hotel in order to overlook anything better in New York!! The breakfast room is small but has generous size donuts and pastries and the reception area is quite nice. Would recommend only because it meets the standards you would expect for the price you pay.	
May 12 2009 	great hotel good value for money	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and i must say excellent value for money. I am a very fussy person when it comes to quality and cleanliness, this hotel met my standards. We arrived late at night and checked in very easy. Our room was a nice size and very clean and the bed was very comfortable. Even though you could hear the noise from outside especially when they were collecting the trash, the hotel provided ear plugs that you could use. I personally liked the noise coming from outside, it was a real new york feeling as New York is a busy city and noise is expected. The complimentary buffet breakfast was fantastic also. If you went early it wasn't busy and the food was great. Overall, this hotel is close walking distance to macy's, times square and all the shopping strips, we even walked to central park. If ever returning to New york we will be definetly be staying here again.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Hotel off the path	This hotel is a great place to stay, close to Penn Station and Times Square. Food, Staff and amenities were great! Very Clean and everything in its place. The street, 35th is quiet considering Manhattan and noise levels at night were very low.Also, the staff helped us get tickets to a Broadway Show and refused a tip for the service. That's what I expect to find at a first rate hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	"Excellent"!!!	My partner and I stayed at the Wingate for 5 nights, and we cannot fault it in anyway, Staff were very helpful and pleasent, Rooms were cleaned every morning, breakfast is served between 6am-9pm throughout the week later of a weekend, and every morning there was sausage, scrambled egg, toast, muffins, bagels, pastries, yogurts, juices, tea, coffee and make your own waffles, there was never a lack of breakfast when we got there and we went some days as early as 6am and others as late as 8.30am and was always plenty of food, however the dining area does get busy the later you go. If you do miss breakfast there are loads of eateries to choose from, The hotel provides free wireless internet to all rooms, and also provides you with 2 computers both with internet access and printers which came in hand for us when we were cheking in online for our flight home and printing our boarding passes.Location of the hotel is great, closest subway to hotel is Penn station on the same block, Macy's is a 5 min walk away and dont forget to take your passport with you when you go and get an 11% discount card from the visitors centre in there for being an out of towner!, 10 mins to Times Square and Empire State. You can get tour buses around the island, we got a 3 day pass which included loads of stuff like a 2 hour boat tour along the Hudson river, entry into Empire State building and admission to hop on and off the buses whenever wherever you like and much more all for a price of $86 per person which is a great discount when you add up the cost of the attractions alone, you can but these from any of the tour guides you see in the yellow jackets and they can be found outside most of the tourist attractions and the bus stops.The Subway is a really quick way to get around and becomes very easy to use once you know how. We advise getting a &quot;Metrocard&quot; if you intend to use the sub a lot, you can top it up at any station and sub rides cost $2 for each ride whether your going 2 stops or 20 it will only cost u $2 a time. We got the subway to Central park which is somewhere i would highly recommend you go ideal place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city if u just fancy a break from it all, and then we walked back home from there down 5th Avenue and called into most of the designer shops on the way back!!! we found out that for every 20 blocks it is 1 mile. There are different types of Restaurants everywhere, but we would definately advise going for a steak, there steaks are just amazing, One restaurant in particular is Nick and Stephs Steakhouse which can be found at 9 Penn Plaza near madison square gardens, and go for the Porterhouse steak for 2 at $44 per person and is more than enough for 2 hungry people and the side orders are huge!!! it is just fantastic, the staff are great and the restaurant itself it lovely. however if your feeling really tired and want to eat closer to hotel there is a restaurant attatched to the hotel called Luxe and you get a 10% discount when you show your room Keycard. I could go on forever its such a fantastic place and hotel was brilliant just wish i was still there!	
Apr 20 2009 	Could hardly be faulted	This was our second choice of hotel after reading numerous reviews, however our first choice was not available on the dates we wanted. Firstly we were made very welcome on arrival, our room was clean, huge and a pleasant surprise to what friends who had already visited New York had experienced. We had free wired and wireless high speed internet at no cost, a safe in the room which was large enough to hold a laptop. I had taken earplugs with me as i am a light sleeper and i wanted to get some in the city that didnt, however the hotel was so quiet i didnt ever use them (room 1605)The breakfast was okay as it was free/included however it was quite basic and quite sparse at times, if you were not there early you lost out. Hot food was scrambled eggs and bacon or sausage in the shape of a burger (the thought of something shaped like a burger in the morning didnt appeal to me) and they served these 5 mornings in a row instead of day about with bacon at the start. You have to make your own toast and there are only 2 x 2 slice toasters, so if the breakfast room is busy expect a wait. My wife loves bagels and New Yorks are supposed to be the best but these certainly were not. Apart from that there is cereal, fancy cakes, tea, coffee, fruit juices and a waffle maker, but it's all help yourself and clear away your own dishes. Never used the gym or ate in the restaurant or drank at the bar. However the location is about as good as it gets, a stones throw (about 2 minutes) to Macy's, 10 mins to the Empire State Building, about the same to Times Square and 2 minutes to the subway (up and downtown) and Penn station. I would definately stay there again and recommend to others, just dont expect too much from the breakfast.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great hotel and excellent location	This was my sixth visit to NYC and this is the best hotel that I have stayed. Hotel is in a clean and modern condition. The rooms are large in comparison to other Manhattan hotels. Our room was not facing a busy street therefore we found it to be very quiet. Reception and housekeeping staff are very friendly. Free wi-fi throughout hotel is also a bonus! Excellent location - Macy's is on the corner of 7th Avenue - virtually opposite the hotel. Empire State, Fifth Avenue and Times Square in a very short walking distance. The only low point is that breakfast can be busy and the hotel could do with more staff in order to ensure that tables are clean and that there is sufficient food for all.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Location	I was attending a conference in early April at this hotel so the location was extremely convenient. The good points - The location is great and most major attractions are within walking distance and there is easy access to the subway station just outside the hotel. The hotel is close to plenty of restaurants. The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful. The bed was very comfortable.The not so good - The price is justified by its location, but it is very high for the hotel quality. This hotel delivers below the average Sheraton hotel experience. The room decor is dated. Although the room did not have noticeable loose dirt, it clearly was not spotless as the carpets need to be shampooed. It gives the impression that it is a high traffic hotel with minimal upkeep. The room was too warm for me and I could not find a thermostat to regulate the temperature. The spa service was poor. I was initially really happy to learn that they had a sauna and steam room, however, neither were operating properly. I was only in the steam room for about 5 minutes when it shut off. I decided to try the sauna instead, but it also was not working. The sauna appeared to be turned on, but the temperature was at room temperature. I then had to go out to the front desk to have the steam room turned back on and also told him about the sauna. He said the steam room automatically shuts off if it gets too hot and that he would come in to check out the sauna, but he did not. So I returned to the steam room which shut off again awhile later. By that time, others ask him to turn the steam room back on and to come check out the sauna. When he did, the sauna problem turned out that it needed to be reset. Somewhat frustrated, I ended up leaving the spa after 25 minutes.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great hotel in great spot	We have just stayed 5 nights in this hotel and have no complaints. It is in a great location, a very short walk to Time Square and only around the corner from Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Old Navy, Maddison Square Garden etc. Room had free wireless internet and the free breakfast is excellent with bacon and eggs, breads, bagels, pastries, cereals and my favourite, make your own waffles! Our room had two double beds and was your average size hotel room and was very clean. Best of all, for the middle of Manhattan, the room was so quiet. We had room 601 which was on the back of the hotel and had no outside noise at all. The windows are also double glazed for extra quiet. There is a subway station on the corner as well as Subway (food) across the street and a Starbucks at each end of the street. would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 31 2009 	good facilities good service good value	This hotel is ideal for a good value trip to NYC. The rooms are modern, pleasant and very clean (beds very comfy!). The staff were friendly and helpful, and the hotel has a good service ethos. Examples - mobile phone reception isn't reliable throughout the building, so all US phone calls are free. If you make it to breakfast a bit late they haven't packed everything up and look at you disapprovingly as in some other places - no-one batted an eyelid at my late arrival. The hotel restaurant is low key but the meal I had there was delicious, and again, service was good. Only downside for some travellers might be that it doesn't have much soul - it's very much a business hotel. But given that it's got everything you would want at a good price, I imagine most tourists would be happy to stay there too.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Value	On a trip out east 4 of us stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights. Rooms were clean and we had everything we needed. Rooms were more spacious than I thought they would be after reading reviews. They had some good work-out equipment. Staff was very helpful. We thought the breakfast was great! The Hotel was sold out but after a morning walk each day, we stopped in for breakfast between 7-7:30 and there were only a few other people there. I don't know what kind of breakfast some people expect with a $119 room rate. They had eggs, sausage, waffles, fruit, cereal, bagels, pastries, juice, yogurt, etc. We thought it was super and didn't have to eat again until around 4 in the afternoon. We heard no noises at night and the free long distance was nice. We were using Amtrak to get from city to city so the location was perfect. We also took the short walk to Times Square, the Rockerfeller Plaza, Central Park, etc. several times. We had no complaints and will stay here again if ever in New York. My wife found several unbelievable bargains in the fabric stores on the block. Took the downtown tour on Grayline, took the Staten Island Ferry, and went to Top of the Rock. Lost my wallet in front of Penn Station while pulling brochures out of my back pocket. Should have listened to advice to always put it in a front pocket--what a hassle.	
Mar 26 2009	Great Hotel	Myself , my friend and 21 year old daughter stayed at the Wingate for 6 nights, We found the location excellent , great to have Penn Street station so close, We walked to all the landmarks and saw so much, it snowed for our last 3 days which was magical especially Central Park.The Hotel Staff were so friendly and helpful, the room a good size and clean, coffee maker and fridge were useful especially to keep the cheescake in from The Bread Factory around the corner.The housekeeping staff did a good job. Breakfast was nice and they never ran out of anything while we were there, it set us up for the day and saved us money and time. We Had 2 good evening meals at Brandons which is a walkable distance from the Hotel, Good Irish bar accross the road from there for a few nightcaps.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good central location but noisy.	Hotel was roomy, comfortable and clean. We were able to walk to Times Square, Central park, 5th Avenue and many other sights. Location was really great but the ctreet itslef seemed a little seedy. It was my first trip to NYC and the hotel met my expectations and was very reasonably priced compared to others. Biggest negative-our room was right next tot he ice maker which was super loud and making ice all night and i sounded like someone was trying to get into our room. There is NO cell reception i the hotel, but they do allow FREE calls w/i the 50 states which was a plus. I would recommend this hotel. Not luxury but very comfortable and affordable.	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect location; nice rooms	We stayed here one week before Christmas and it could not have been any more pleased! The only problem we encountered was that the promised hot breakfast was not adequate for the number of people staying at the hotel. In fact, it was so sparse on the second morning we had to eat elsewhere. We got downstairs in plenty of time, they just hadn't planned well enough. Everything else, though, from the nice-sized rooms, to the free Internet access, could not have been any better. It's a short walk from Penn station and numerous other tourist sites.	
Mar 6 2009 	The little things make me hate this place	Its the little things about this place that cause me to give it such a bad review. I will start with the good though:The rooms are very large for new york (almost the size of regular rooms outside of new york). The room and bathroom were clean (although I wouldn't take a bath in the bathtub), the bed and pillows were very comfortable.The location is 10 minutes walk from time square which is pretty nice but the area itself is a little icky...The bad things were the little things:first the hotel decided to be &quot;green&quot; that meant they do not change the sheets or the towels during your stay. Sure they gave us towels when we asked for them but still its a little annoying.The air conditioner couldn't stay on the set temperature, it was either &quot;heat&quot; or &quot;cool&quot; but we could live with that by warming up the room and then sleeping with extra blankets.The really annoying thing was the baggage check. The check out time was 11AM (You can ask for 12AM and its still ok) but our flight was at 10PM. So naturally we figured we will leave out luggage at the hotel. They charged us 5$ per item assuming we take it by 6PM, they would have charged us an extra 10$ per item if we would want to leave it after 6PM. That is pure small mindedness greed. 15$ per item is outrageous. We ended up taking the luggage at 6PM and spending an extra hour in the airport to avoid this fee.Also we were in the 16th floor so everything was quite but when we spoke with guests who were staying at the 4th floor, we were told that the noise was unbearable, then again they supply a &quot;white noise&quot; machine...	
Feb 24 2009 	Perfect for shopping and sightseeing	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor stayed for 4 nights with my 3 teenage daughters during half term break. great central location, ideal for shopping and seeing the sights. excellent staff, helpful and knowledgable, their list of recomended restaurants was a real help. Room was very pleasant, clean, and surprising quiet, we were on the 14th floor, and I think lower floors could have been noisier. There was a fridge,microwave and safe in the room, and when I phoned about a problem with the safe, staff came straight away to solve it, excellent service !! charges for water already in the fridge are clearly marked on the bottles.. 2 computers available for guests with printers was a bonus. we had no problems with lifts during our stay, although other reviews have commented on this. Breakfast was good, there was a choice of 2 hot dishes, cereals, bagels,bread,yougurts and waffles. In our experience, food was replenished regularly and we always managed to get a table.It is self service and people tend to eat and go rather than linger. Just around the corner is the Bread Factory, ideal for a quick lunch or snack. Would recomend this hotel to others and would stay here again. We left luggage after checking out, it is stored in the lobby, but you are given a receipt for each piece which needs to be shown for collection.	
Feb 22 2009 	Fantastic fantastic fantastic	My husband and I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel and we were so impressed with everything. It is very unsusal for a hotel to be perfect in every way but this hotel was.It was clean, friendly, staff had an excellent knowledge and were very helpful always with a friendly smile. Room was a lovely size and immaculate and the maid service superb.This hotel is ideally stuated 10 mins walk from Times Square so very central. We could not fault at all and cannot wait to return next year!!.	
Feb 20 2009	Great Value/Location/Service in Midtown	Great Value/Location/service...Been visiting NYC about 3 times a year for the past 5 years and can say for the money, the Wingate by Wyndham Manhattan Midtown is the best value for quality I have found.The room was a nice size for NYC and the fridge and microwave appreciated.We took the train into Penn station for the first time rather than flying...2 block walk and your home. TIckets to MSG for a Knicks game was another 2 block walk. Time Square and the theatre district are a 15 minute walk...Macy's is a block away.Front counter staff very friendly and helpful.Our room was quiet and the elevat0rs were quick (not too common in Midtown hotels)We will be back ...this is our new home in NYC.	
Feb 14 2009	Loved it!	Loved it. great location, room so clean. For a 3 star NY hotel, it actually had more than just a bed and a desk, it had a comfy chair too. The bathroom was clean, my friend and I were able to take a bath. The bed was comfy too. Definitely will want to come back.	
Jan 26 2009 	Polite staff at a clean smartly styled well priced hotel	I stayed one night for a busines trip. The hotel staff were ALL very polite and friendly. From the front desk to people I passed in the hallway. The room was small (it is NYC) but stylish. The entire hotel was very clean and smartly styled. I had no elevator problems when departing at 8am on a Friday. The gym was compact and well equipped. I ate one meal on premises; it was first rate.I would stay here again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great location	We stayed as two couples for two nights in January 2009. Hotel was very easy to find and both rooms were great. Hotel was very clean and had good amenities, e.g., free wifi, fridge, microwave, etc. Beds were extremely comfortable and breakfast had a good choice, although was busy. The hotel was about a fifteen minute walk from Times Square and ten minutes from the Empire State Building. We arrived at about 11am in the morning, after sailing in(!) and had access to our rooms immediately. The only small negative was paying for the hotel to store bags on check-out. They charge $5 a bag but it is only for large suitcases. Also get your own taxi to the airport as hotel arranged transport was going to be double the price for us.	
Jan 15 2009 	Beware at the Wingate	Great hotel, very happy with hotel and location BUT when I booked the hotel was advertising complementary water. The day I left for New York I printed everything off about the Wingate, free internet, breakfast water etc and everything was the same as when I booked. When I left I checked that there was nothing booked against my credit card (I knew I hadnt used it but I always check) so I was rather shocked when I had my statement to find that I had been charged for water. I queried this with the Wingate as I think this a sneeky way of getting money from people and was told that they now charge for water but it was not the case while I stayed there and did not apply for when I booked. I asked the hotel to refund my credit card but I have not heard from them and they have not refunded my card. It is not for a lot of money but it is the PRINCIPLE when I booked it was complementary. I noticed that some one else also complained about this. So beware what is charged to your credit card. Its a good hotel but treat your guests fairly. I would not recommend a hotel that is underhand in their dealings with peoples credit cards.	
Jan 13 2009 	Not a Bad Little Hotel	My wife, two kids and I stayed here from New Years Eve for a week. I picked this hotel having read the reviews on this site and for its amenities offered. The room was clean but starting to look a little tired in places and was of a good size. We were on the 15th floor at the back and never had a problem with any noise. Having the fridge and microwave was great but they've started to charge $5 for the tiny bottles of water they leave in the fridge. Not a problem really though as you just nip to one of the numerous deli's nearby and get a big bottle for a lot less, its just the cheek of trying to charge $5 for a tiny bottle of water, they should just leave the fridge empty. They have also cut back on changing the sheets, towels and toiletries but this is all explained in a letter left in your room from the manager (economic climate, cost savings, etc,etc), again not really a problem but the prices haven't gone down either. The breakfast was okay, not much variety, but it was included in the price of the room. Macy's is just along the street (get the 11% discount card from guest services, it covers the tax they add on to everything) and the hotel is close to a lot of other New York stuff. We had a great time and this hotel was a great base. It's really more of a business traveller place but by New York standards is worth the money you pay.	
Jan 9 2009 	Very pleased with the wingate	Myself, husband and 14 yr old daughter stayed here for Xmas. The hotel was comfortable. Rooms were a decent size. Cleaned daily. Reception were very helpful.Lifts were a nightmare during the morning as there were only two and the cleaning trolleys along with people checking in and out and others visiting the breakfast room were all trying to use them.Breakfast was fine if you got in early if you are a late riser you will be lucky to get a slice of toast!! Breakfast room very often full from 7.30 so we took food up to the room on some days.Position perfect. within walking distance of most places and underground stopped very close. Would recommend and would def stay here again, although bit pricey over Xmas as three days normal room rate increased due to time of year.	
Jan 2 2009 	Spacious quiet clean!	Great! As first-time visitors to Manhattan, we found the staff to be extremely helpful with advice/recommendations. Our room was quite spacious and comfortable, much more so than I expected for Manhattan, based on what I've heard from friends who have stayed in other hotels. I have read reviews of other places that mention very cramped and unclean or smelly rooms - no worries about that here. Great location, very clean and quiet room, comfortable beds, and a great breakfast with eggs, sausage, waffles, toast, juice, coffee, fruit, muffins, etc., and plenty of everything! We were very, very pleased with our choice and would definitely stay again. You will be pleased!	
Dec 31 2008	affordable and great staff	wingate wyndham manhattan nyc 35th st dec 2008 we stayed there days before christmas, a family of 4 just needs a time away from home...and thats the perfect place. the staff was accomodating , free continental breakfast, good for family or just a business traveler. affordable, few blocks from empire state building ,near macy and times square is not that far either by cab about 5.00. anyways try to stay with your itenerary ,book a hotel according to what you want to do and what you want to see... i love going to new york .so much to do anytime of the year... and by the way if you' don't feel like going far for a meal or desserts theres the bread factory and starbucks at the corner of the street ....	
Dec 20 2008 	Expensive but Great Location	We stayed a week at the Wingate Inn as I was attending a conference at the Jacob-Javits centre which is a ten minute walk away.The hotel is tucked away down a rough and ready side street but is superbly located with Macys, Empire State, Times Square all just a small walk away. The hotel is only a stroll away from numerous subway lines.The rooms are not that big but well appointed with comfy beds and nice bathrooms.There are few facilities in the hotel but hey this is New York where everything is only a quick stroll away. Breakfast is good quality but a bit chaotic.In summary a well appointed, well located hotel but was exptremely expensive - especially for those carrying british pounds.	
Dec 20 2008 	Not as good as i had hopped	I have just return from 5 nites at this hotel. I did book cos of the reviews on ta. I have stayed in new york before and to be honest it was the best we have stayed in. But you do feel as if they are taking more and more money off you at any chance they have. From what i had read back in the early part of the year when i was surprised that the free water was now $5 each and that it cost $5 to have ur bags kepted for u. But they dont have any space so they are just left in the foya where anyone can get to them. We didnt recieves and of the free maps, information and popcorn we were lead to believe we would get. They were very helpful with advice on the best was to get us to jfk and booked us a car. Tho it was more costly than a cab the problem is that the street the hotel is on doesnt have many cabs going down it, my advice would be walk to 8th and there is a rank by the station.Free breakfast was fine on sunday but for the rest of the week we didnt bother. We couldnt get into the very small breakfast room. There are plenty of places to eat near by tho	
Dec 18 2008 	Too small	The location is not too bad for the price paid for NYC. 2 blocks from subway station, 2 blocks from Amtrak station. View is bad both at entrance and from room. The front desk is very helpful and cheerful in fact. The rooms is very small for 2 double bed. But they do try to squeeze a tea facilities area which sandwich between the front door and writing desk. The bed is decent, so as the bathroom. We did not spend too much time in the room since we're out sightseeing day and nite. Since our flight was only at 9 pm the next day, we tried for late check out, unfortunately the hotel was fully booked. So, after all the morning and afternoon walks all over NYC we had to sit at a very small sitting room awaiting our shuttle to the airport for 2 hours. We also had to do some of our packing (after more shopping during the day) at that open small space. Quite embarrassing though.BF was terrible. We have to do everything ourselves. And food is only replenished after sometime they are gone. The area is also very small to be comfortable.	
Dec 17 2008 	A great experience	This is a clean, roomy hotel in the heart of midtown. I'm in NYC at least once a month which means that I've stayed at quite a few hotels in midtown - this is one of the better ones. I wish they had smoking rooms and body wash (instead of plain soap) would have been nice. Watch out for the $5 bottled water in the fridge, the label is quite elusive, I only noticed the price after I opened the bottle.	
Dec 16 2008	Great for Macy's - But Noisy from Street	A great quality hotel - clean, tidy and fresh. Macys 1 block away and good location for MSG. Breakfast a great bonus although could be very very busy.Location isnt the best of areas in general but good as base. Only real complaint is the noise on some nights - I know the hotel cant help garbage trucks but tripple glazing and better soundproofing would help. we were on 4th floor and i had emailed and asked for a high room or a rear room - butin fairness it was thanksgiving week.I know you dont go to New York to sleep but even so I did need more than I could get!The staff are very friendly and fun. Overall the hotel is a great hotel - just a bit too noisy at street side and not in the nicest of streets.	
Dec 5 2008	great hotel	Great little hotel. Very friendly staff. Very clean	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Location	Just returned from the Wingate, where we spent Thanksgiving. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and polite (thanks to Christina and Jessica) . We had a room on a high floor and at the back, and heard no noise at all. Two bottles of water and a complimentary paper are provided every day. The rooms have a microwave and a fridge. The room is nicely decorated and so is the bathroom. The location of the hotel is fantastic. Literally less than 5 mins to Macy's. Turn left out of the hotel and then right and you are outside Macy's and shops galore. Times Square is about a 10-15 min walk. The Empire State Building is a 5 min walk away and is opposite Macy's. There is a subway on the corner of the street, (turn right out of the hotel) which came in very handy. The complimentary breakfast really set us up for the day. Eggs, alternating between Sausages and Bacon. Toast, juice, waffles, fruit, pastries and cereals. There are lots of places to eat. We liked the Bread Factory Cafe (turn left out of the hotel, and left again and you are there). There is a Starbucks on this corner too. The hotel provided maps and we made good use of this. Its a good idea to get a MetroCard for $25 and it lasts for 7 days - you will definitely need this. It works on the subway and on buses. Was a bit wary of the subway, as it looks confusing, but we managed fine - didnt get lost at all!!! The hotel also has two computers for guest use, so it was handy to check emails etc.I thoroughly recommend this hotel and I will most definitely stay here again!!!	
Dec 1 2008 	Best holiday	Myself and my friend have just returned from a weeks holiday in New york city.We stayed at the Wingate hotel on west 35th street.we really couldn't of asked for better location,price,service and quaility of hotel.The staff we found each one of them to be all very good at their job really couldn't do enough to help us in anything we wanted.If you want to shop this is the hotel Macy's at the top of the street and everything else in walking distance.The hotel has breakfast which is really good to get you started in the morning and helps your pocket it was always very good and plentiful eat as much as you want.We could not of asked for better.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Stay	Returned following a 4 night break over Thanksgiving. Hotel located very central 1/2 block from Macy's and walking distance to Times Sq, ESB, Grand Central Station. Subway located 1/2 block.Staff very efficient upon arrival and was quickly assigned a room on the 10th Floor. Reception very informative and offered free maps, tourist guides (and popcorn which was a nice touch). Also offered advise about the Thanksgiving Parade. Soon after entering the room the staff rang to see if the room was acceptable which it was.Room quite spacious but importantly clean with a comfortable bed and a heating system that worked and was quiet. There was some noise from outside but nothing that caused too much disturbance - After all it is the city that doesn't sleep. Read reviews about the breakfast and so I was not expecting much however I was pleasantly suprised. Plenty on offer and plenty of room to sit although we went down before 7.15hrs most days.Hotel able to hold luggage on last day and organised a car back to the airport.Generally found the staff, hotel and location to be excellent and would have no hesitation in returning.	
Nov 30 2008 	Wonderful Wingate - 2nd visit and even better than the last	This is my second visit and second review of the Wingate Inn. This is a wonderful hotel, the staff are absolutely fantastic (dramatic improvement on my visit last year), great location. Complimentary breakfast, comfortable rooms. 10/10 for everything! Will use this hotel again.	
Nov 16 2008 	an enjoyable stay	Stayed here for four nights last weekend and would recommend it. We booked two rooms for five of us,three in one ,two in other. They both had two doubles. My room was on the 9th floor at the back and we didn't hear any street noise. The rooms were a good size ,comfortable beds and pillows and good showers. There was complimentary coffee,tea and water in the room and a free paper left outside your door on weekdays. It was serviced each day with fresh towels etc. Breakfast was better than we expected..scrambled eggs and sausage patties,bagels, english muffins and breads to toast,cereals,yogurts,fruit ,pastries and a waffle maker. Although some mornings were busy we always got a table and they constantly replenished the food.The lobby area is small but there is a nice mezzanine area with computers for your use and a nice sofa.It is half a block to Macys and the ESB is just past that. It is also one block to Madison Sq Gardens and Penn Station. We walked to the theatre (15 mins) ,Bryant Park,Times Sq etc.The only negative things were that there are not many restaurants/bars in the immediate area and we couldn't open the window in our room which made it a bit stuffy.Overall I would recommend it for good rooms,convenient breakfast and walking distance to a lot of things.	
Nov 14 2008 	Pleasant Staff	I stayed with my husband and 2 kids ages 17 &amp; 8. One of the nicest hotel staffs I've encountered in my trips to NY. It was reasonablly priced. It was a GREAT location - Macy's in the next block, couple blocks from Empire state bldg. Very Clean with free computer and internet use available. The Free Breakfast was really good. A slection of Pastries, bagels &amp; cereals along with Eggs, bacon and make your own waffles. Although, if you want the best selection get there early. By 7am it was packed and by 8am most of the good stuff was gone.	
Nov 10 2008	Unhappy with the Wingate	I booked a twin room with 2 double beds via the Wingate reservations system. I made sure to read all the fine print, as I know that sometimes hotels will not guarantee separate beds in twin share accommodation, however the confirmation came through clearly saying that a room type with 2 double beds had been booked.When we arrived, my friend and I were given a room with 1 queen bed.I immediately spoke to reception, who told me that not only were there no other twin rooms available, but that the hotel had no roll-away beds either. When I asked whether we could be placed in a twin room the following day, they could not confirm whether this would be possible.The manager was eventually called to talk to me and he was totally unapologetic and unhelpful. He denied that I had been guaranteed a room with 2 double beds. When I showed him the confirmation slip with the guarantee in it, he told me that the reservations system had nothing to do with the hotel, and that even though the booking was for a room type that had 2 double beds, the hotel never saw this (????). He then informed me that my booking had said there was only 1 guest in the room, so there would be no need for a twin room. Again, I showed him my booking confirmation that clearly showed I had entered that there would be 2 guests. He just said &quot;well, our system shows only 1&quot;. At no time did I receive an apology or even an acknowledgment that an error had been made by the hotel. No matter what I said, the manager continued to argue with me and wouldn't concede that an error had been made. There was a total absence of customer service professionalism in the way he handled the issue.Ultimately we cancelled our booking on the spot and went to another hotel. I recommend anyone considering staying here to call in advance and confirm the information that the hotel has on file to prevent disappointment.	
Nov 6 2008 	Nice hotel for the price	We stayed at the hotel for one night and were pleased with the cleanliness of the room. We arrived early and hoped to check in but our room was not ready. We were able to check our bags though. Did not find the staff to be overly friendly but they were ok. The heater in our room was VERY loud with a clicking sound that kept me up all night! I even wore ear plugs and they didn't help. I had expected to hear street noise but all I heard was the heater! Arrived at breakfast around 8 am and there was plenty of food available-very nice assortment. Overall, a nice hotel for the price,location is good if you want to shop at Macy's.	
Nov 2 2008 	absolutely brilliant hotel	Stayed in the Wingate on 35th street in Manhattan. Loved everything about this hotel. The staff were so helpfull, a great free breakfast each morning. The bed was the most comfortable one that I have ever slept in sheer bliss. The room was kept immaculate clean sheets each morning and lovely soft towels. The Wingate is in walking distance of all the Manhattan sights. Penn Station just a short stroll away. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Location Big Noise	Booked this hotel for a 4-night stay based on TripAdvisor reviews. The location is nice...close to the theater district, convention center, Penn Station and shopping. Keep in mind that this property does not have the amenities one would expect from a typical Manhattan hotel: no bell staff or room service, and it was hard to tell if the restaurant was open or not. The included breakfast was decent for a free breakfast, but not great. On the other hand, the room was good sized for midtown, the hotel was very clean, and the bed was comfy. One word of warning: if you're not accustomed to street noise, request a room facing the back or on an upper floor. There is a great deal of construction going on on 35th Street, and every night between midnight and 3 am, a garbage truck shows up to haul away several dumpster-loads of construction debris. The hotel tries to help by providing earplugs and a white noise machine but I was awoken by this every night despite all efforts to block it out. I expected Manhattan to be noisy, but this was beyond the norm for NYC.	
Oct 21 2008	First Time in New York	My wife and I stayed here for our 25th Anniversary. We couldn't have been more pleased. Our room was larger than I imagined New York hotels would be. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was a very convenient way to get our day started. We did not experience the food running low that other writers have mentioned. Neither were we bothered by street noise. We heard some, but we both figure this is a big noisy city. We were street-side on the 8th floor and got a good night's sleep for all three nights.We spent our four days here running all over the city and found the hotel's location to be extremely convenient. We were able to walk to the theatre district for several evening shows. The Empire State Building was also within easy walking distance. For all other parts of the city, we were only a half block away from the red or blue subway lines.We were both very pleased with the location at such a great price. We plan to stay here again when we return.	
Oct 21 2008 	Fantastic value good location - highly recommended!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of October 2008. Check in was smooth, and as requested, we was provided with a room on the top floor. The rooms are spacious and comfortable with a large safe (free of charge), tea/coffee making facilities, free wi-fi internet access and TV. Local calls are also free of charge. As well as the in room free wi-fi, the hotel also has 2 computers in the lounge area which offer free internet access and free printing facilities - perfect for doing online check-in prior to our next flight. The hotel provides free breakfast in the morning, which although did run empty towards the final half hour, was stocked with a wide varitety. In terms of location, this was our first visit to NYC and we found the hotel to be exactly where we would want to be. A short 5 minute walk to Macys and surrounding shops, a 15 minute walk to Times Square or just a 2 minute walk to the nearest subway. Hotel staff were friendly and attentive, and helped us to plan our routes around the city using the subway. The only thing I would say is the road the hotel is located on can get busy with lorries seemingly constatly driving along it. For this reason I would recommend requesting a room either at the back of the hotel, or a high floor room (the hotel is on 18 floors). Great location, brilliant value. Next time we visit NYC we will be staying here again!	
Oct 14 2008 	Win-Win for Midtown	NYC is like a second home, and to find a decent, comfortable, very reasonable priced midtown location can be a rare find these days since hotel occupancy is at (and been) a high. Since there are so many hotels to choose - I recently found this one by a Wyndham Rewards promotion and was glad I did, as an affordable option for those frequent weekend trips.Location is decent - Short blocks to Times Square/theatre district, Madison Sqaure Garden/Penn Station/A C E, 1,2,3 Subway lines (two blocks) and really any central point to the city (Grand Central, Fifth Ave etc etc). From here walks in any direction and you have plenty of food and shopping choices - in the city you never have to walk that far or just get on the subway. Being in the garment district always makes for fun window shopping and bargins so consider that also if you have a clothes fetish.Hotel itself is smaller, clean, rooms are decent sized and newly furnished and finished. Bathrooms are new, clean and also decent sized. Flat sceeen TV, microwave, refer, coffee maker, room safe and free wireless in room. Dresser and standard size desk, and good sized closet also. For the reasonable room rates the room amenities and condition are excellent.Small fitness room and second floor open area with large TV, there is also a small business center also. There is a bar and restaurant on site which also provides the free breakfast in the AM. Hot choices of eggs, sausage, make-your-own waffles and plenty of breads, pastries, toast, cereals, yogurt, juice, coffee etc. More than the &quot;average&quot; cold continental offered at many of these mid-priced hotels now. Very suitable to get you going in the AM for a freebie. As for the concerns of noise - well I can tell you on the weekend that's not much of a problem; but certainly I can see it could be an issue on weekdays - for those lower rooms facing streetside. Obviously the hotel is aware of this since they provide a white noise machine and ear plugs in the room. An option is to ask for one of the rear rooms or at least a room on a higher floor (during the week when garbage collection is more prevelent since this street is a working-garment/office area). During a weekend it was not an issue at all (Sat/Sun). This is possibly the only concern you should have - depending on your stay.Overall - if you can get a new, clean, well amenitied location such as this for under $250.00 a night in this midtown location - it's a keeper, especially if you are training in and out from Penn Station/LIRR for a quick stay.	
Oct 13 2008 	Awesome Stay!	This hotel was a true wonder! It has a central location, near all the public transport and a block from great shopping (Macy's) The staff was warm and inviting anfd they got to know my name over the 4 days. The rooms were over-sized for NYC and very comfortable and well appointed. The hot breakfast was included and fresh. I have found my new home away from home in the city.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good Midtown Hotel	We stayed here on our honeymoon for 5 nights and enjoyed our stay.The staff were excellent. All were friendly and were more than happy to help with anything.The rooms were clean and tidy with a good bathroom. We were in a room overlooking the main street and yes there was 24 hour street noise, but staying in the centre of Manhattan we didn't expect anything else. The air con was a bit noisy,(but after days of living it up and with the help of ear plugs!) we slept soundly.We had a nice surprise when we discovered that our breakfast was complimentary. Breakfast gave a good choice of hot and cold foods. Although it did get a bit hectic in the breakfast room at times. Probably best to get there before peak times. The hotel was in an excellent location for exploring New York. Times Square 6 blocks away, Macy's one block and Madison Square Garden two. 34th St subway gave a good transport network for reaching other parts of the city.On the whole we would recommend this hotel and would have no qualms returning here.	
Sep 30 2008 	"Wingate Wyndham NYC" is a great place to stay!	Absolutely loved everything about our stay here! One of the very nicest staffs ever! Everyone was so kind and helpful and they really seemed like they cared that we truly enjoy our time in New York. The rooms are so nice and clean and the beds are super-comfortable! The location is the best...we were so close to &quot;Macy's&quot;, &quot;Tic-Tock Diner&quot; and even &quot;Times Square&quot;.Felt very safe in this neighborhood.The breakfast was very good...lots of items to choose from and they had &quot;4-Star&quot; coffee!Would definitely recommend this hotel and we will certainly stay here if we return to New York for a visit!	
Sep 29 2008 	great hotel in great location	This hotel was great. Room was spacious, comfortable bed and cosy atmosphere. Location is perfect. On several subway lines and walking distance to Times Square, Empire State, Macy's, etc. The free internet in lounge was great, wonderful complimentary breakfasts, really helpful and competant staff. I chose it because it was walking distance (2 blocks) to Penn Station. The only problem was the noise from the Airconditioning. Or maybe it was the 'noise cancelling machine'. Anyway, our room was on the street and the street was actually quite quiet, so we did not need the 'noise canceller' but I could not turn it off. Eventually I got used to it when I used ear plugs. The laundry service was very expensive, too. We stayed 4 days and really enjoyed this hotel.	
Sep 26 2008 	Nice clean and comfortable	Stayed here in mid Sept, we had a standard 2 bed room, which was shared by 3 people. The room was quite small especially when we were all there at the same time, but was perfectly fine in every other respect. It was clean with very comfortable beds, the bathroom was small but adequate (also very clean), and our room was right at the back so no street noise at night at all, apart from when they had a live singer in the bar downstairs one evening. Helpful front desk staff, breakfast wasn't great but not bad considering it's complimentary. We usually had breakfast down at Andrews? Coffee House just one block away from the hotel. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone on a mid range budget.	
Sep 21 2008 	ok but	Nice hotel and friendly staff but a few problems. The noise in this place is terrible at least in the front rooms as garbage trucks seem to go all night. They have a white noise generator in the room but it still doesn't drown out the noise.I stayed 5 days and never got clean towels.	
Sep 17 2008 	hate the noise	Nice room and amenities. Very warm staff. The noise was awful all day , but unbeareable at night with the garbage trucks working all night in front of the rooms located at the front.never return to this place.	
Sep 15 2008 	best part of the trip	my stay at this hotel was one of the best parts of my trip to NYC. The people that work there seemed to be the only friendly service personel we met. We were on the back side of the hotel and did not hear any noise from dump trucks, and my phone(at&amp;t) picked up fine. You can walk to almost everything, but I don't suggest it. you will end up walking or standing in line the whole trip. we took a bus tour and got some great pictures. there was plenty of space to hold our clothes and the beds were fantastic. it was a nice haven to go back to after an exhausting day of sightseeing.	
Sep 11 2008 	Perfect place to stay in Manhattan	Having read many good reviews we booked to stay at Wingate for 2 nights and I've got to say I will stay here again. Reception were very helpful. Rooms were clean, decor was good. Rooms were not cramped. Free breakfast was a bonus but we were up early everyday so did not have problem of breakfast running out. Free internet access / computor was also so useful. It's right next to Macy's - which is so convenient. I would highly recommend this place. Next time I go to NYC I will be staying here again	
Sep 3 2008 	convenient location used soap	We stayed at the Wingate last weekend for the U.S. Open, and the convenience to Penn Station and the LIRR was unbeatable. The front desk was helpful and friendly, the rooms were bigger than many in NY, and the free breakfast was, well, free. There were, however, some problems. I realize that $250/night is fairly cheap for midtown NY standards, and I am all for ecologically friendly hotels, but . . . . we were given two used soaps in a new soap box. The other issues were that the shower curtain had lots of mildew on it, the bathroom was generally not clean, the air conditioner was extremely loud, and the walls were paper-thin. Moreover, as everyone else has noted, they often run out of breakfast food.Overall, a decent experience -- but the hotel could use some improvements.	
Aug 30 2008 	spectacular !!	I am sitting in my room this very minute writing my review because I am so pleased with our experience here that I could not wait until I got home. I just came upstairs from eating my fantastic FREE continental breakfast. Eggs, sausage (bacon yesterday) bagels, toast, cereal, muffins, belgian waffles, fresh fruit, 4 kinds of juices, coffee and specialty teas. I am not even sure if I got everything. The room is exceptionally clean, and very roomy by NYC hotel standards. The front desk people have been more than kind and friendly. I personally booked this room based on these reviews only, so that is why I am writing mine so quickly. Everything is within walking distance and for the price I don't think there is a better deal out there. My husband and our 2 young daughters were here for a yankee game and the american girl doll store. It has just been a wonderful experience and I am so sad to leave tomorrow. I would highly recommend this hotel and for sure would stay here again. Oh and the fridge is great for leftovers with the microwave on top to reheat them. Free wireless internet also worked perfectly. If I could give this hotel 10 stars I would. Not one single complaint about anything. This is the best hotel in midtown and a great value for the money.	
Aug 28 2008 	A haven in the city	This hotel is absolutely perfect in it's own class. It's got great service, friendly staff, clean rooms (and both my wife and I are difficult to please) and the rooms look nice at that.The extra's, like the complementary bottled water and breakfast, are great add ons to help you start your day in the city.I was worried by the noise at first, but being up on the 15th floor at street side, this has not been a problem as of yet, and we have had great full nights of sleep. The long days and the great bed might have helped ;-).The bed by the way, is the kind you wish you could take home on a plane (bit big for carry on though...)Whether it's business or pleasure, this hotel is one I would definitely recommend to everyone.	
Aug 12 2008 	A Little Gem	An excellent hotel in a very convenient position. We stayed for three nights in a spacious room with two double beds for myself, husband and daughter. Following flight cancellations, my husband and I were very grateful the hotel were able to accommodate us both for a further night (my daughter managed to get a flight home) and we were given a room with a king size bed and such a large room. Everything in this hotel was spotlessly clean and nothing was too much effort or a problem for all staff who were courteous, friendly and very helpful. I have to mention the breakfast, which was included in the price. This was much better than the usual coffee, tea and toast that is usually provided. There were cereals, croissants, breads for toasting, bacon or sausage patties, scrambled eggs and you could even make your own waffles and again nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were quite happy to replenish when things ran out. Definitely a hotel I would be happy to recommend and one I will be definitely be back to.	
Aug 11 2008 	Thumbs Up!!	What an excellent choice of hotel. I was staying 3 nights in NYC with my Mum (a very young 61) and my brother (16), we booked into a standard room which had two huge queen sized beds. I echo of the recent comments, the rooms are equipped to a high standard, the microwave proved very handy!! The breakfast really sets you up for the day . . . you can eat as much or as little as you like. Unfortunately for me I couldn't keep away from the pancake machine! The staff are friendly and always happy to help.In terms of location, you are a stones throw away from Macy's which can be dangerous on the wallet! I've stayed at the Waldorf Astoria before and think this is better located. Okay the street is not as pretty as Park Avenue but you are right in the heart of NYC here. The walk from Soho is pleasant enough but with the underground at the end of the road, you can get to where you need to be within minutes. Everything is easily accessible.	
Aug 6 2008	Perfect Hotel for us!	I took my Teenage Nephew and Niece on vacation to NY City for 4 days primarily to see a Yankee game. I researched a lot of hotels around the same price as The Wyndham Manhattan, but none came close in comparison to the amenities that The Wyndham had to offer. The fridge, microwave, free wireless, free water and breakfast were huge benifits and made our visit so much more enjoyable. The room was a good size and exceptionally clean and the bathroom was very spacious, which was a pleasant suprise. The location was great, close to Macy's, train stations and a 10 minute walk from Time Square. The staff was great, and even held all our luggaqe for several hours after we checked out. I would highly recommend The Wyndham and will definately stay there again. K. Darville Nassau, Bahamas	
Aug 5 2008 	Perfect Location Great Stay	My daughter was in NYC for a week-long theatre workshop around the corner so we booked the Wyndham for our stay ... the property was terrific and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.Morning breakfast was simple but hot and delicious - better than lots of &quot;included meals&quot; you get at places like this.Note to cell phone addicts - your phone won't work in your room; I considered this a plus. The free wireless is a very nice touch; I actually managed to &quot;work from home&quot; without going out to a local cafe.I would definitely return to the Wyndham - it delivers on its promise of a clean, comfortable, and affordable hotel in Manhattan's midtown.	
Jul 28 2008 	good value good location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. The location is close to Times Square and Penn Station. The rooms are clean and well stocked with complimentary bottled water, coffee/tea. The continental hot breakfast was also a plus (although I'd avoid the eggs- they had a strange consistency- sort of like Styrofoam) But it was free so I'm not complaining.	
Jul 27 2008 	Clean and Spacious	I stayed at the Wingate in NYC for 3 nights in May 2008. We ran into one problem while there but it was taken care of rigtht way.Since the city is so big it's hard to pick a perfect location for a hotel but the Wingate is in midtown and is very close to a lot of shopping. It is less than a block away from Macys. We arrived early in the morning and checked our bags with the front desk since our room wasn't ready. We got back to the hotel around 7pm to get our room. The clerk was very apologetic in telling us some bad news. The hotel had been overbooked and since we hadn't come back earlier the last room was given to someone else. The good news was that they booked us at the Sheraton in Times Square and were paying for it. They also reimbursed us for our taxi cab fare to the other hotel. Our first night in NYC was free!We checked back in to the Wingate the next morning and were happy to find a much larger room than the Sheraton. The bathroom and beds were very clean and the mini refrigerator in our room was a free added bonus. The internet service was also free.The people at the front desk were very helpful with any directions and advice we needed. The free breakfast was the usual foods but perfect and helped save with costs. The Wingate is a very small hotel with only 5 rooms to a floor. It's a great location and had very large rooms by NY standards. We couldn't complain about the over booking since it saved us an extra $250. You also get many extra bonuses for free that other hotels charge and arm and a leg for. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 26 2008 	Excellent Stay	Having been to New York on several occasions and stayed in shoebox hotel rooms, I was thrilled to stay at the Wingate by Wyndham Manhattan Midtown. The room was spacious, clean, well-furnished and reasonably priced. Breakfasts in the morning were nourishing, and the location was perfect for my needs. This hotel is now where I'll be staying from now on when I visit NYC.	
Jul 26 2008 	A Diamond in the Rough	Needed a hotel close to Penn Station, resturant and show and this was a pleasant surprise. Wonderful staff and beautiful room. We will stay here again and recommend to others.	
Jul 18 2008 	PRAISE PARTY	Writing this review from the hotel, in the 2nd day of a 5-day stay. Couldn't be more pleased with our accomodation. What has pleased us: Free WiFi internet connection in the room, satisfying all my family's connectivity needs simultaneously. (At another hotel, we would have been charged 3 separate charges for our 3 computers to be connected at the same time.) Free breakfast. Room charge inclusive of tax, which at a different hotel in New York could aggrandize your bill to the tune of another 15%. Two double beds in the a comfortably sized room. Powerful air conditioning. Friendly and professional staff committed to make your stay 100% satisfaction guaranteed. Met fellow guests and had a praise party in the elevator, two families echoing how pleased they were with this hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Perfect Place!	Best Staff we've ever met! We've traveled all over the U.S. but this was our first trip to NYC. The Wingate Inn Manhattan made the trip the enjoyable success it was. The room was great, the breakfast was wonderful, and the staff was the BEST. Thank you for a wonderful stay. We had plenty of room for a family of four and all the complimentary amenities were unbelievable. The only thing that might have made it absolutely perfect would have been an additional mirror over the desk instead of a picture. We had two teenage girls with us and sharing the bathroom was a little difficult with so much primping going on! :) :) Otherwise, everything was ideal.	
Jul 9 2008	Great Hotel	Great Hotel for families. Room (2 double beds) was a good size and modern and clean. Fridge and Microwave are a plus. Good range of food at breakfast (although they did run out of some things at times).Good location although West-side area is a little dowdy. Handy to subway stations (hint walk only half a block west for the Blue Subway line)	
Jul 8 2008 	Totally Loved It!	We stayed here for a week in June 2008 and totally loved it. This was a first-time trip to NYC and it was just perfect. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel. I have no complaints what so ever about this hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The room was super clean. The breakfast could use a little improvement, but the hotel overall was just wonderful. The location was superb and close to everything. The closest subway station was a 5 min. walk. Times Square was about a 10 min walk. Macys was just around the corner. There were many wonderful places to eat that were all nearby. We are, with out a doubt, definitely staying here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Location 	We stayed at the Wingate this past weekend and it was a great hotel for the price. The hotel is within walking distance of everything you want to see in Mid Town. The hotel is located on w35thst. but it is well lit up at night and felt safe coming to the hotel late at night. The front desk was very helpful with the subway system and everyone said hello every morning or even late at night. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 4 2008 	Fab Ideal place	Absolutely ideal place to stay. The room was fine not small at all and very clean. We stayed in 405 which was at the back of the Hotel so you didn't hear any street noise (the rumble of the garbage trucks etc) in the mornings. Breakfast was good, not loads to chose from but enough to get you started for the day. Macy's just over the road, half hour stroll to 5th Avenue, Penn Station just a short stroll. If we go back to New York we will surely be staying here again it is so central for everything. Booked the Hotel and flight on Expedia excellent rates for those of us from the UK.	
Jun 27 2008 	Wingate a WINNER!!!	WOW!!! Our first trip to NYC, and based on prior reviews on this hotel here, and the fact it fit our budget, we decided to book. This hotel is like the crown jewel of 35th Street. In amongst the street garbage and run-down warehouses, this hotel's exterior looks like gold. The front desk service...top notch! Friendly, always wanting to say &quot;hello&quot; and &quot;Have a great day&quot; as you walk in and out. Walking distance is minimal to ALL major sightseeing hotspots (especially the 35th street back entrance to Macys!)...we even walked from the UN building to the hotel in minimal time. Time Square is 7 blocks, but takes about 15 minutes to walk, and that's in NY crowds. Room bed might be one of the best I've ever slept on, and thankfully so as this helps deal with the garbage truck noise in the early morning (which really is not that bad). Free water and morning paper, and a sparkling clean bathroom. Then there's the free breakfast...full marks! And I usually dispise continental breakfasts. Great selection that changes daily. And they arranged our transportation back to JFK through car service...one cab ride was enough for us. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great hotel - super service	We had a great experience here on a 4 night stay in June 2008. The hotel staff was friendly, helpful, efficient and courteous. Kudos to whomever does their hiring!We arrived exhausted after several flight delays - after 11 PM. The desk staff hooked us up with a welcome microwave popcorn and loads of print info and maps for our visit. We loved having the microwave and frig and daily bottles of water in the room.The daily breakfast provided included scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon, toast, bagels, English muffins, and simple pastries, several cereals, waffles, juices, coffee and teas - (buffet-style). It helped not having to buy breakfast every day.Located steps from Macy's - and a short New York walk from Times Square via 7th Avenue.Kinda cozy - just 6 rooms on each floor. Which we prefer over the massive &quot;super hotels.&quot;Appreciated the free internet and printer access in the business center.We liked the fitness center downstairs- complete with flat screen TV.We used their available car service to return to LaGuaradia airport - $45 - and rode in comfort, stress-free in a Lincoln Town Car.Have already recommended it to friends. Hope to return next year!	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Rooms Great Locations	We stayed here for 6 nights at the end of May, after months of researching hotels in New York, as this was our first time in New York.We arrived at the hotel 3 hours early and were hoping to just leave our bags at the front desk and start exploring, but they checked and were able to get us a room right away. The staff at the hotel were all very polite - always said good moring or good evening as we went through the lobby. The hotel also had a loft type area on the second floor which provided free internet access with printer and fax and phone. There was also a free breakfast every morning and though it only ran until 9 on weekdays and 10 on weekends we were able to get up for most days and had no complaints over the food - though at times the staff were slow on refilling certian foods.The room we had was very clean was a nice size, especially for New York and the 4 of us (all adults) had no problem getting our luggage in with room to spare. The room had a safe which was very nice, it also had a mini fridge and we received 2 complimentary bottles of water every day.The location of the hotel was by far it's greatest selling point. Keeping in mind that at night all of the businesses around the hotel completely shutdown and the area was much darker than we expected. Not once did we feel unsafe and we were out at 1-2am on a couple of nights. The hotel's proximity to Times Square multiple subway stations, shopping (Macy's) and restaurants made it very easy and convenient to get around and explore. (Tip: don't be afraid to use the subway, you will appreciate it after walking around all day and the stations are so close to the Wingate.)I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking in this price range - for 6 nights we paid $2200 for the 4 of us which is not to bad by New York's standards.Hope this helps, enjoy New York.	
Jun 18 2008 	Nice Hotel	The hotel was great with a good location.Nice and clean room.Breakfast was also verry good.One tip do not take the taxi to the aiprot from the hotel it self. Because then you will pay much more about 75 dollars. Just take the yellow cab its about 55 dollars.We would go back again.Greetz from The Netherlands	
Jun 13 2008 	Would recommend	Stayed for 4 nights in May. Very handy for Penn Station (5 minute walk) and various subway lines. Room bigger than average for New York, clean, comfortable with all necessary amenities. Breakfast basic but nice- gets busy after 8am so go early. Not the most desirable street but felt safe and great central location. Would definetly go back.	
Jun 13 2008 	Wingate--Friendly Convenient Good Deal	We flew Southwest and came in on the LIRR and walked the 1-1/2 blocks from Penn station to the hotel. We stayed here from Saturday thru Wednesday during the heat wave. Our air conditioner worked fine, just a little noisy. The maid gave us free bottles of water everyday and we had a small refrigerator, microwave, and coffeemaker. Everyone at the desk was friendly and helpful and they kept our luggage for us all day when we checked out so we could attend a theater matinee before taking the train back to Long Island. We walked to Macy's, Empire State Building, Times Square. Felt safe to come back at 10:30 PM on Sunday night from subway at Penn Station. We were close to multiple subway lines. Hotel was basic but new-looking and clean. We had an ADA room so the bathroom was large, they were generous with towels and the King bedroom was small but adequate with nice furnishings and flat-screen TV. They had wireless internet and a computer available in the lounge (cell phone wouldn't work in room). It was good to have free breakfast every morning --it saved time and money! We would definitely stay here again--much quieter than Times Square and so convenient. Ideal for anyone who wants something nice, quiet, and friendly but doesn't want to pay luxury prices.	
Jun 9 2008 	repeated A/C failures poor response by management	I arrived at the Wingate by Wyndham hotel on an unusually warm Sunday afternoon (around 96 degrees) to a attend a number of business meetings on the following couple of days. On arrival I was given a room where the air conditioner created loud vibrations, even when turned off. The hotel moved me to another room. In that room the A/C unit did not work at all and after insisting to be moved to yet another room, that A/C unit ceased to work today, Monday afternoon.While the engineers were trying all they could, the assistant hotel manager rang me later on purely to say that there was no issue with the A/C unit. It was clear that he just wanted to prevent me from making a claim against that hotel. I had no intention of doing so anyway.To top it off, overnight from Sunday to Monday, the warm water supply failed for the entire hotel.	
Jun 7 2008	Nice Small Hotel Safe Clean and we'd do it again	The hotel is small and between two larger buildings. Lounge is small but it is very clean and updated and modern. The desk clerks were very attentive and seemed like they enjoyed their work and were very helpful with questions when we arrived.We were placed onto the 16th floor and the room was a bit smaller than we expected for 3 people with double beds but it was very clean, spotless and suited us fine. The room was quiet and no problems with hearing neighbors and such. There is a free buffet breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, juice, coffee, etc. It's not super quality but it was adequate before running out on the town and I was very greatful for this as there weren't many cheap restaurants in that area to go to for breakfast.The hotel is situated between 7th and 8th and the street itself is nothing to glow about. Most of the stores are not open or probably warehouses for fabric outlets as this hotel is closer to the &quot;fashion&quot; district. But you walk to 7th, there is a Starbucks on the corner and if you walk to 8th, there's a starbucks on the corner, so you can get coffee for your adventures. and then north on 7th and it's a short walk to Times Square, about 7 blocks. Macy's is right there too so if you're into shopping at one of the largest stores in America, then this location is perfect for you. The hotel is blocks away from the Empire State Building and about 2 blocks north of Madison Square Garden.Overall, we felt safe any where in NYC at anytime of the day. Even though the street itself is a little less desireable, our location was perfect and it made our stay a lot more enjoyable Overall the service was excellent. Although it is a short walk to Time's Square and other attractions, it was a good location and the staff were cheerful and helpful in all aspects.See my photos. email me if you have questions.	
Jun 3 2008 	Friendly staff great location!	The hotel is clean, great little restaurant on site. Close to Times Square, Theatre Disrict, Central Park, The Empire State Building and the Subway. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful.	
May 25 2008 	Best Stay in New York	I am a frequent guest the Wingate Inn on 35th street. It is the only hotel that I will frequent when traveling to New York City. The excellent staff, lead by Elvis Gonzalez and Jessie Tang, always ensure that my stay there is comfortable and pleasant. They treat their guests with respect and diligence. I've even gone so far as to recommend the hotel on my personal website. I commend them for running such a first-rate operation. As I stated, I recommend this hotel for all my friends and business associates.	
May 22 2008 	Amazing Hotel	It was my first to New York, infact it was my first trip to the States and i loved every minute of it.I found the hotel on a website and it looked so clean and well decorated that i didnt have to look at any more.When we arrived we was made to feel so welcome. We went to our room 1503 and it was fantastic, everything immaculate.I could not believe our hotel was situated so close to all the near by attractions, everything was in walking distance.The restaurant situated in the hotel was wonderful, infact we ate there every night because the food and the service was out of this world. We was looked after and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.I did not want to leave, it felt like home. I would recommend anyone visiting New York to stay at Wingate by Wyndham and i know that when we visit again we will be asking for room 1503!!!	
May 15 2008 	Liked the hotel - hated the noise which made it difficult to sleep peacefully!	The Wingate is a very nice property which was newly built, has very nice amenities, a beautiful lobby, wonderful hot breakfast included in your room rate, and super comfy beds.....unfortunately, it is a small hotel (only six rooms per floor) and it is very hard to get a quiet room.I had read other reviews about this hotel that mentioned the difficulty sleeping in any of the three rooms that face W. 35th Street, so I requested a back-facing room but none were available. So I ended up taking a front-facing room, and was awakened every hour between midnight and six a.m. by the garbage trucks picking up the trash down below. (If the staff tells you you won't hear the noise up on one of the high floors - which is what they told me - don't believe it! I heard every garbage collection all the way up on the 16th floor throughout the entire night.)The next day I requested a QUIET room in the back of the hotel, which the staff grudgingly let me have, after reminding me several times that Manhattan is a noisy city and implying that I was being a difficult guest. (Of course it is a noisy city, but I still expect to be able to sleep when I come here!) The &quot;quiet&quot; room they gave me was right next to the ice machine, which was silent all afternoon and evening, till about 12:30 a.m. when it started making ice and woke me out of a deep sleep. It basically sounded like someone had put a pair of stilettos in a dryer right next to my head and then turned the dryer on for 45 minutes. Even with ear plugs, it was impossible to get back to sleep with that racket going on.After my second night of poor sleep I asked if there were any rooms in the back of the hotel that were NOT next to an ice machine - there were, but not if you want a king bed. Apparently, all the king rooms are front-facing in this hotel and all the quiet back-facing rooms are doubles....except for the two king rooms in the back that happen to be &quot;conveniently&quot; located next to the ice machines. So keep that in mind if you plan on getting a king room here, because it is unlikely you will get a good night's rest. (Also, because this hotel has pretty reasonable rates for Manhattan, it is almost always completely booked, which makes it nearly impossible to get a different room if you are unhappy with what you have.)On the bright side, after you make it through yet another night of broken sleep, you are rewarded with a very nice hot breakfast - much more plentiful than most continental breakfasts at other hotels...this one had scrambled eggs and bacon, toast, cereal, fruit, pastries, bagels, and make-your-own Belgian waffles.The only other issue was that the phone in my room did not work properly, so I couldn't get any in-coming calls. As soon as they tried to fix it, I could no longer make any out-going calls either....and being in the back of the hotel, there was virtually no cell phone reception.Despite the lovely rooms - which are larger than most in this city - and the reasonable prices, it is unlikely I would ever stay here again....going five nights without getting much rest just isn't worth it!	
May 15 2008 	Wingate by Wyndham a Winner!	My wife and I stayed here in May, 2008. Rooms are not claustrophobic! Not huge, but quite adequate. Bathroom was clean and spacious. Beds comfortable. The staff was very friendly. They offer rollers for one to bring luggage in. There is no bell boy to assist, but the staff behind the desk offered to help, and did! Cleaning staff was excellent. Rooms were spotless.Bkfst is complementary. Very nice.Location is excellent.....in mid town Manhattan, near subways. Parking in NYC these days is an obnoxious $35/day. My only gripe was the single (as in ONE!!!!) computer in the business area. It was always mobbed in the AM, and evening. They need at least two more computers. Everyone wants to check their email at the same time!Price was about $320/night. Not excessive for this kind of facility in NYC. I'd stay there again.	
May 10 2008 	Excellent location and so clean	To see a lot of the NY sights and easy access to the subway this is a great hotel to stay. Breakfast was complimentary and plenty of it with scrambled egg, bacon, sausage plus danishes, toast, jam and a waffle maker!. They have gym facilities and the staff are very friendly and willing to help with directions etc. The beds were made and the room cleaned on a daily basis and a good size with plenty of hangers, an ironing board and even an umbrella. The bathroom was spotless and the shower poweful. Altogether a very pleasant stay	
May 9 2008 	Loved the hotel and New York	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Wingate for 3 nights from the 24th to the 27th of April. It was our first time in New York and loved it. The Wingate was fantastic. The hotels were large and spacious and extremely comfortable. The beds were so, so nice and literally the comfiest bed I have ever slept in. The mattress was hard, which to me is the best kind of mattress.Location was perfect on 7th and 35th. Its a five minute walk from Madison Square Gardens and a 10 minute longer walk brings you to the Empire State Building. I can't even begin to describe how good the location was. Suffice it to say when we go back to New York we'll definitely be staying at the Wingate.We were up for breakfast at 6am and it was lovely. It was continental and was very nice. It was continental and also had bacon, sausages and eggs. It was quiet at the time we were in there as we wanted to get out and about and see things so I couldn't say what it was like later.Overall it was a fantastic holiday and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is thinking of going to New York for a short break.	
May 4 2008	Great Hotel	I've stayed at 4 different New York hotels over the past 4 years and this is by far the best. I read other peoples complaints, and if you are looking for a 5 star hotel, go there and pay 5 star prices. For value, location and price this is the best. The rooms are large for New York, and clean. They serve a very nice continental breakfast, but make sure you're there by 8:00 - 8:15 am. The location is great, just a few minutes walk from Times Square. Macy's and the Empire State Building is right around the corner. For someone who is going to New York for a vacation, is on a budget, doesn't know thier way around this is the best place to stay. I recommend it highly, and would stay there again.	
Apr 22 2008 	I no longer stay anywhere else in NY.	Recently I stayed at the Wingate. I have stayed here several times over the past year and always had a great experience. I have stayed here with my Family for a weekend away and stayed here for work due to it's awesome location. I can get to anywhere I want, due to this hotel being one block from Penn Station, the subway, and walking distance to Times square and central park!!! The staff is always willing to help get you anywhere you want without getting lost!!! The free breakfast and fitness center help to finish my trip off. I will always stay at the Wingate because they have always taken such good care of me.	
Apr 22 2008 	nice room good value very very noisy at night - could not sleep	This hotel does live up to the high recommendations the reviewers on this list have given it. It is close to everything and a really good value for the money. The furnishings and rooms are clean, fashionable, comfortable, and new. However, I would probably not stay in this hotel again. When I checked in during the middle of the day my room was very peaceful. this changed dramatically around 2AM. Apparently, trash trucks in NYC process trash after they pick it up. They park in non-residential areas to do this - the hotel is just south of Times Sq in an unusual location - right in the middle of the garmet district. Well, one of these trucks parked right in front of the hotel until dawn - it sounded like a pile driver. My room was on the 17th floor and no amount of pillows would dampen the sound. I called downstairs to the staff and they did not seem to know what I was talking about (hard to believe - they probably have to deal with this complaint all the time). My advice is to try to get a room that does not face the street, or bring a white noise machine! Also, you should take a taxi if you are returing late at night as the street is empty and a little creepy. The staff does not warn you of this, they should.	
Apr 17 2008 	No complaints. A++++++	Stayed at the Wingate last week,11th-15th April and cannot rate it too highly,the front desk was courteous and efficient and nothing was too much trouble,the rooms were an excellent size and cleaned to a good standard every day.The location couldn't have been any better,Empire state,Macy's and Madison square round the corner,Times square 10 mins away.We didn't take advantage of the free breakfast and had ours at the Bread Factory Cafe round the corner(great value for money).We were on the 9th floor and couldn't hear much noise,the street was a bit scruffy but it was only 1 minute to 7th or 8th avenue.All in all first class.	
Apr 15 2008 	Nasty Staff Noisy Rooms for a Decent Price	It all started upon arrival: the woman at the front counter talking to a friend on the phone while ignoring my wife and me. After a few minutes, she got off the phone and, without once looking at us, snarled 'what name?' Charm and proper grammar, what a catch!We answered her question, and I asked her if our request (placed at booking) for a quiet room could be accommodated. It was currently the middle of the check-in period. She informed us that most of the rooms were not yet cleaned (!) and that we could leave our bags with her, and return in an hour (!) to see if one of the quiet rooms would be available. Much to our surprise, once she heard that we had seven bags to leave (and she would have seven claim tags to fill out), a room suddenly became available. I again asked if this was a 'quiet' room. She told me that 'yes, this is a quiet room. If you have one of the other rooms, you'll be hearing the garbage trucks all night.&quot; We thanked her and went up to the room, which, to our surprise, was rather large (especially for NYC). It was nicely furnished, as well.Later that evening, after returning to our room (around 11:45 PM) we were surprised to hear the beginning of the garbage truck procession that would serenade us for quite some time into the early morning. I called the front desk to ask about getting the room switched, only to be told (by another surly front desk person) 'we don't have any other rooms, and we don't control the garbage trucks'. No kidding, I thought the sanitation department reported directly to you!!!! Bottom line,pluses:good room size and amenities, rather clean, decent price.negatives:staff, street NOISE, neighborhood a bit 'iffy' and deserted after dark, inconvenient and expensive parking garage (next block over).	
Apr 10 2008 	No too bad at all	Our family of four have just spent 5 nights here. Very easy to find, great location with everything in walking distance. We had a very quiet room which I had asked for. The room was a little on the small side for two adults and two teenagers but it was fine for the time we spent in there. the maids were very friendly and efficient and the rooms was spotless. Beds were a little small but we were exhausted so didn't move much when in them!! Most of the staff were helpful apart from one guy on reception who was very cool. No warmth in the welcome when we arrived after a long flight with a 7 hour delay!Breakfast can be a bit of a farce. First couple of days were good - there are only about 14 small tables in the dining room which is very cramped. 14 floors of rooms with 6 rooms per floor!! Breakfast finishes strictly at 9.00am weekdays and if you come down at 9 there is nothing left. The waiters want you out by 9.10am. They are helpful but it cannot be very easy working in that dining room. the final day there was a large college group in so when we went down for breakfast at 8.30 there was nothing left! No supply to demand - when its gone its gone. This probably spoilt our stay as we had been down very early the rest of the time and out quickly so the last day we wanted a bit of a rest -8.30am - not that late surely.All in all we loved NY - but I think when we return for the marathon in November we will try and find an apartment. Andrews Cafe 7th Ave/35th street - excellent by the way.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great location No complaints	Stayed at the Wingate for 5 nights and can recommend. Don't go here if you want pampered luxury, you won't get it, but you wouldn't expect to for the price in its location. i'd compare the rooms to that of a Holiday Inn style (not overly modern, but clean and definitely not shabby).The rooms were well presented and clean. Considering this was Manhatten, the rooms were a very nice size.Coffee makers in the room, not kettles (a pod/sachet machine). Free internet access and complimentary breakfasts (mainly pastries, bagels, cereal and a couple of hot items, like eggs). There was also a waffle maker to make your own, note the breakfast room can get very busy!!Only half a block form the entrance to Macys and has a Starbucks at either end of the block (35th &amp; 7th and 35th &amp; 8th). Great Midtown location walkable to Empire State, Times Sq and nearest subway entrance at 35th &amp; 8th!great for NYC, you won't be in your room much anyway!!!	
Apr 6 2008 	Great location and friendly staff	We stayed at the Wingate for one night, following the recommendations seen on Tripadvisor. These reviews were a big help in wading through the options for staying one night in NY. The staff were so helpful and friendly all throughout (so unusual in NY generally). We had two rooms - 205 and 206 which were spacious (for NY) and modern with LCD tv and good desk / chair for laptop work, clock radio and very comfortable bed. The bathroom in 205 was surprisingly a good size. The breakfast the following morning was good - no complaints. They let us leave our bags after checkout for most of the day. Overall this was a find and many thanks to those who gave it good reviews to help us to make a decision.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great location just a few niggles	LIke all the reviews say, the hotel is well located in Midtown, (although the immediate surroundings are a bit downmarket), it was ideal for us on our family vacation.The complimentary breakfast sounded great, but choice was a bit limited. The breakfast room tended to get crowded and there were shortages of plates, silverware, cups, and even food every day.Its not the hotel's fault, but cellphone service was really bad - non existent on the fifth floor.Our room door lock needed to be reset twice as the keys kept being rejected, and one one occasion we were left waiting at the room and had to ask at reception twice to get it fixed.Despite asking at reception the room safe was not unlocked.We had a room at the front of the hotel and it was really noisy all night as garbage was collected / delivery trucks for Macys went by. Others in our party had a room at the back and it was really quiet.So - ask for a room at the back, and keep on at the staff if you need something fixing!	
Mar 23 2008 	Great Value for Business Travellers in Midtown	I booked myself and my colleague into the Wingate after comparison shopping on Trip Advisor. We were both very happy that I'd done my research!The Wingate prides itself on being set up for business travellers and this was definitely the case. Free high speed internet in the rooms, comfortable desks/chairs/beds and a heck of a lot more space than I'm used to having in New York City where you can pay $400/night for a tiny box. We paid $315 including tax and there was literally nothing more I could have asked for from this hotel or my room. In fact I've already booked another stay next month when I return to our New York office.It was a little unfortunate that two high school dance teams were staying at the hotel (teenage girls - you figure it out) but it was a weekend so I guess we can't really complain. Reception was terrific though - put both me and my colleague onto floors where the girls weren't. Again, what more could one ask? Except mute buttons on 100 teenage girls, but I don't think the staff could have helped much on that front.The breakfast, which is included in the room price, isn't fabulous but it's acceptable and should suit most tastes. The eggs were runny and tasteless, but we were there towards the end of the morning so it might just have been bad luck. But really it's unfair of me to complain - it was free and did the job.My only suggestion to the property is to ditch the loud pulsating music in the lobby. While it can't be heard from the rooms (so it's not a problem per se) it's quite annoying when you're waiting to meet someone or for your car to arrive. It doesn't seem to fit the brand of the hotel, so I found it a little cognitively dissonant. But that's a minor comment that should be taken in the context of what was a really comfortable and enjoyable stay. I'll be back!	
Feb 23 2008 	geat hotel great location	we stayed at the wingate for four nights mid feb. it is a lovely hotel, tucked away just off 7th ave on 35th, opposite Macys. it is a small hotel but the rooms are very spacious and comfortable. the breakfast was a great start to the day. it is an ideal location for sightseeing, shopping etc as you are only a short walk from times square and there is a subway at the end of the street. normal rates are pricey but we got a good deal through one of the websites connected with tripadvisor. would highly recommend this hotel.mary, ireland	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed at the Wingate Inn from 9th-14th February and what a great location this hotel is in! We booked following the great reviews given on this website. It is very close to the subway stations for getting around up and downtown and just a short walk to the Empire State Building and Times Square – plus for any shoppers out there (like me!) Macy’s is just at the top of the street!The Hotel is newly built and everything has a clean and new feel. The rooms are big and the beds comfy. There is a fridge, microwave and coffee machine in the room, plus there is free bottled water given daily. They even provide a free ‘Time Out’ Magazine so you can find out what’s happening in the city.This hotel also provides breakfast and it is a good variety – eggs, bacon, bagels, toast, waffled, cereal and fruit – really helped set you up for a good day of sightseeing.This was our second visit to New York and we stayed in the Hilton Garden Inn on our last visit which was great but I think the Wingate tops it, if only for the breakfast option!	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Location	Great location - just 2 blocks away from Madison Square Garden, Manhattan Center, Penn Station... Not a long walk to the Empire Stat e Building or even Times Square!Great hotel, staff friendly. . FREE WIRELESS INTERNET!!!Nice sized room and bathroom, esp for NYCity!!!!Clean, free breakfast that we missed each day.... No bar at the restaurant that is right next door, although food was good. Rooms have a mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker!!!!! and FREE BOTTLED Water which was wonderful!!!!I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 27 2008 	Quiet boutique hotel	I stayed at the Wingate for seven nights in January while on business in New York city. I selected it from one of several suggested by my travel agent because of its location - minutes from Macy's, Madison Square Garden and several subway lines. It is on a quiet part of 35th street between 7th and 8th Avenues. From my arrival to departure, I could not have wished for a better hotel or location. The staff were courteous and friendly. On arrival I asked for a quiet room and was given a room on an upper floor. My room was spacious, clean and well-furnished with easy chair, desk and chair ( with WiFi access), HDTV and very comfortable bed. The bathroom was light, clean and well-appointed. The room was well serviced every day. Coffee, tea and bottled water were provided free of charge daily. Breakfast was included - fresh fruit, scrambled egg, bacon and waffles as well as the usual fare. All in all, a great room and hotel to return to after a busy day or night. I'd return and with my family.	
Jan 26 2008	50th birthday surprise	This was our first trip to New York. I had researched various hotels prior to settling on this one (mainly as a result of the reviews on trip-advisor).The hotel is very centrally located and is just a couple of minutes from Maceys, 5 minutes from the Empire State building and 10 minutes from Times Square.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful.The beds were exceptionally comfortable and the room itself very pleasant.The breakfast was what you would expect in the U.S.A. The dining room is quire small but we always managed to get seated (perhaps because the hotel wasn't overly busy).In all, I will have no hesitation in booking this hotel again when we return.	
Jan 15 2008 	Christmas in New York	This was our first visit to New York arriving late on Christmas Eve from UK. Prior to arrival Elvis Gonzalez, front desk manager had been most helpful providing us with excellent advice. We liked the hotel and were given a high floor room on the 17th floor so noise was never a problem. The location was excellent for walking and for the subway though getting a taxi was a problem on this one way street. Excellent proximity to Maceys, Emprire State Building and Madison Square Garden. The front desk were really helpful with our tourist questions that they must have heard a thousand times and we really appreciated that. Breakfast was a disappointment as on Christmas Day and the two days after, there were no tables to sit at, they run out of eggs, bread, cutlery etc and they just could not cope with the number of people in the restuarant. I think that this hotel is designed more for the business person than the tourist.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Hotel and Location!	I stayed here recently, and I have to say out of all of the hotels I have stayed at in NYC I have to say it made my top 5. The room was clean, the staff was friendly, and the breakfast bar was great! We picked the hotel because of it's close proximity to Madison Square Garden. We felt very comfortable walking back to the hotel after our concert was over. It was in a great shopping area also with Macy's right down the block. I would definately stay at this hotel again. The only complaint I have is that since the hotel is small, they don't have a taxi stand outside. When we left, the front desk was a little busy and declined to call a taxi for us. They told us to walk up the street and hail one.	
Dec 31 2007 	Didn't live up to potential	The price and the room were both good (for Manhattan), but the operation of this hotel frequently disappointed us.Housekeepers didn’t come to make up the room until about 4:00. When that happened, our family couldn’t go occupy the SMALL common area of the hotel, because it was overflowing with the luggage and bodies of guests waiting to check in.Breakfast was a complete disaster. On 12/24, when breakfast was supposed to go from 6:00 to 9:00, they ran out of OJ and eggs by 8:15, and bagels shortly thereafter. The line for the waffle-maker then got so long that nobody could get to the coffee. Even on a good day, the set-up of the breakfast buffet is an ergonomic nightmare, and needs to be fixed: first milk pitchers, but no cups/glasses; then eggs and bacon; THEN plates; bagels/bread, followed by toasters; next napkins/silverware (not with the plates?), THEN butter/jelly for the bread; fruit; yogurt; cold cereal &amp; bowls (remember where the milk was?). You can get a very inexpensive breakfast on the corner of 35th and 6th Ave., but breakfast is one of the things that made this place a supposed bargain.The hotel has no parking.	
Dec 31 2007	Loved it so much booked again for 2008	I booked this hotel after extensive reseach on the internet, most hotels were hugely overpriced for the time we wanted to travel, I admit this was not the cheapest but it certainly wasn't anywhere near the most expensive. This was the frirst time we've been to New York and all we heard from friends were horror stories about small hotel rooms and bad service etc. As this hotel in new the rooms were a reasonable size and the fixtures and fittings are all new and quite modern.The staff were really friendly and helpful but not at all overbearing which is one of my pet hates, i can't stand all the fake 'have a nice day', I like to be left alone to get on with my holiday.The location is great, far enough away from Times Square and the crowds but near enough for a short walk and it is literally seconds away from Macys. The hotel is not on the prettiest street but we felt safe, The street is not filled with shops and yes you can hear the binmen and some noise in the morning, but hey you are in New York the city that never sleeps.Make sure you take advantage of the breakfast it was great, I would highly recommend the make your own waffles!!!	
Dec 22 2007 	Pricey but hey this is New York!	I stayed at the Wingate for 2 night in November 2007. My room cost £220 per night, which is expensive for a 3 star hotel, but after hours of research I gave up on finding anything cheaper or better (I was getting quotes of £400+ per night for 4 stars!) I understand this is New York, but compared to the £110 I was paying at the 5 star Mandarin Oriental in Miami where I had been staying a just a few days earlier I felt this to be rather inflated. But hey market forces and all that.The Wingate ended up a good choice in the end – it was on the same street as Macy’s and it was just around the corner from the Port Authority Building where I go to catch the bus to make my yearly pilgrimage to Woodbury Common.Despite being close to Macy’s the Wingate is slightly off the beat and track and the hotel itself was not easy to get a taxi from. When I went back to JFK I booked a car through the hotel to collect me instead. This was my only other grumble about the hotel as I sat in reception for over 30mins waiting when the car was outside but the staff on the front desk failed to tell me… good job I left plenty of time getting to the airport through the infamous NYC traffic!!!!!My hotel room was clean and had its own heater / ac unit. Each room has its own fridge and microwave, plus coffee making facilities. There was also an inclusive continental breakfast downstairs behind reception. View was a typical NYC view, of the next high-rise hotel block! Useful Business centre downstairs, with access to free internet and a printer, which meant I could go to the airport armed with my boarding pass and pre-booked seat. Finally I would just like to share my ‘wisdom’ on NYC – this was the fourth time in 4 years that I have been to the big apple. The flights get cheaper and cheaper, the £ and Euro get stronger, but this influx of ‘bargain hunters’ is meaning that Midtown Hotels just get dearer and dearer as demand for accommodation gets stronger and stronger. Don’t let this put you off though! Plenty of bargains still to be had though!	
Dec 20 2007 	Noisy but nice	We travel a lot in Europe and the US but this was our first trip to NYC. Travelers included me, my wife, my 20-year-old daughter and her boyfriend. We were there a few days before and after Thanksgiving (Nov) 2007, partly scheduled at this time to see the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.Overall we enjoyed our stay. Hard to compare with other NYC hotels as, again, this was our first stay in the city. The room was comfortable, particularly the beds, and everything worked fine. The staff was friendly and helpful with regards to hotel features, etc., though know very little about the surrounding area.The hotel location is fantastic. While there is a terrible view (typical NYC narrow street &quot;canyon&quot; with trash on the sidewalk each morning) it was only a block from the west entrance to Macy's and about two blocks to the Empire State Building. Walking distance to virtually everything, and only took us about 15 mins to get to Times Square and about 30 mins up to the south side of Central Park.I really only have two complaints about the hotel, and one of them they can't really do much about, which has to be the noise. No wonder NY is the &quot;city that never sleeps&quot; as it's next to impossible with constant police sirens. Literally ALL NIGHT LONG. I doubt there was a 10 min stretch without it. The solution? BUY EARPLUGS at one of the numerous pharmacies. Also, it MIGHT be slightly better on the other side of the hotel. We were facing 35th Street so all the noise from Broadway traveled down the canyon. If you were facing the inside of the block (north, for example) then it might be a LITTLE better.The only complaint they can really do something about is the breakfast. Granted, we were there at a busy time and the breakfast area was not planned to hold everyone at the hotel, or presumably even a fraction of that. Only about 20 people can be seated at once, with usually only one of the two waffle makers working, which could mean a 20-minute wait. They usually have eggs and sausage providing you're one of the first 30 people through in the morning, otherwise they run out. Ditto for the coffee. There are also a few donuts, pastries, and yogurt. What they have is plain but decent -- they just don't have enough of it on a busy morning. Fortunately, being NYC, there are a couple $5 breakfast places within a one-minute walk (on Broadway.)I wouldn't mind staying there again, though since NYC is so big, we'd probably look at staying somewhere up near Central Park as we didn't get much opportunity to explore that area. For midtown, though, we were happy with this hotel. Also, be advised that booking early saves money... my daughter booked about six months out and paid less than half of what we paid booking three months out!Hope this helps!	
Dec 17 2007 	Warm and friendly ....the best!	After very long flights from Australia my husband and I had a chilly weather welcome to New York. The Wingate Inn Midtown was an excellent choice for our stay in Manhattan. Only twelve months old this accommodation included complimentary breakfasts. Boy... did I enjoy those make-yourself waffles! Internet and use of gym were free. It is only half a block from Macy's Department Store so the position was perfect. Very friendly staff greeted us at the desk. We had two full days to explore the city and take in the beautiful sights of the Christmas lights and decorations. We booked at a &quot;special price&quot; and couldn't have done better.	
Dec 16 2007 	Love the Wingate	As other travelers have written, the Wingate is a great hotel. The location is perfect for seeing NYC sites: it's an easy walk to the Empire State Building, Times Square, Bryant Park, Grand Central Station, even Rockefeller Center, Fifth Ave, Chelsea, and much more; it's also just 1-2 blocks to train and subwaystations for access to sites further afield (e.g., downtown to Financial district, uptown to Central Park/museums and beyond, as well as over to Brooklyn &amp; Queens). There were a few comments in this forum about the safety of the areaat night; the desk clerk reassured us that it was fine and it really was, even for folks as conservative as we are; returning around midnight a couple of nights, we felt completely safe. The staff are all so friendly, very helpful, and as others have stated, willing to keep your luggage for you if you should be arriving early or leaving late. The rooms and bathrooms are nice and large by NYstandards. There are lots of little eateries in the neighborhood, sit-down of course as well as salad and hot-food buffet take-out for those who may wish to take something back to the room (which had a small fridge, microwave, and also asafe).	
Dec 14 2007 	Great Hotel 	We recerntly stayed at the Wingate for 7 nights, this hotel was great. The rooms and beds are huge and the staff are so friendly and helpful nothing was too much trouble. The hotel was in a great location, we were able to walk to Macys, Times Square, Empire State and Madison Square Garden.Breakfast was great, we didnt eat it every day but the waffles were a treat.A useful tip for anyone going to visit the Empire State - buy the express ticket on line before you get there, it lets you walk to the top of each queue, when we went there was a waiting time of 1 hour to get to the top, we by passed this and got up in 5 minutes. You are also able to walk to the top of all the queues coming back down. This is well worth it especially if you dont have much time in New York.All in all the Wingate is a brilliant hotel and the location is even better. Would stay here again and have recommended it to people who I know are going to New York next year.	
Dec 13 2007	Excellent	Stayed at this hotel 4-7 Dec 07. The hotel in an excellent location midtown just a block from Macy's and easy access to most attractions and subway. The rooms were clean, well maintained, good size and beds comfortable. There were plenty towels in the bathroom and there was a wall mounted plasma TV, fridge, microwave and coffee machine in the room. All the staff were very friendly and helpful and breakfast was great. The hotel lobby was very small but hey, so what. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 8 2007 	Excellent Hotel choice	Stayed there over Thxgiving weekend. Overall a very good choice for NYC. Centrally located with the advantage of being a little outside the Time Square madness, still close enough to walk there.Rooms are very clean, well appointed and good size for NY. All amenities.Staff was very nice, breakfast a little crowded, but overall good selection.Make sure if you do need 2 Double Beds to call and re-confirm that this is what they have reserved for you. We had reserved a double Queen and when we got there none was available so they ended up giving us 2 king rooms instead (but that was because the hotel was not 100% booked)...Would stay there again.	
Dec 7 2007 	Nice clean hotel	The hotel was really nice and clean. The bathroom was big and had a full bath. The staff was helpful and friendly. We stayed on the 15th floor facing the street. Even though we were high up we could still hear the garbage man at around 6:00am. But besides being woken up everything else was good. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 6 2007 	New York 2	stayed at the wingate hotel 21st to the 28th of november, had two rooms with three teeensand myself and wife.The kids loved the breakfest, rooms were comfy and roomy. The location was fantastic for empire state, macys and time square, staff really helpful. The only down side for me anyway was the lack of a bar after all that shopping, it is supposed to open on the 7th dec, it would be interesting if it does!!!!! hope this is helpful anthony188@btinternet.com	
Dec 2 2007 	Comfortable friendly but beware of overbookings!	We had a very comfortable stay here. The room was spacious (by NYC standards), clean and very quiet. The staff (front desk and housekeeping) was beyond friendly (smiles, eye contact and seemingly genuine interest in being helpful). It was nice to have the complimentary breakfast, but the food was nothing to write home about. But, hey, it was free and when you're in New York, free anything is great! We were on the backside of the hotel and it was very quiet. This place appears to have really good soundproofing between the rooms and floors as we never heard a peep from anyone, even though the hotel was full. We did, however, have virtually no cell phone signal in our room and had to head down to the lounge on the second floor to make any phone calls. No big deal, especially because local phone calls were free. One recommendation, though. Try to arrive earlier in the day as the hotel was oversold on the night we arrived. Perhaps this was a fluke, but it'd be a pain to travel all day and find yourself without a hotel room.. We got the last room. I felt bad for the 3 parties that were just arriving as we were getting into the elevator. Also, there aren't a lot of restaurants near the hotel serving dinner after 10:00 pm. We had quite a long walk trying to find a place open for business the night we arrived. However, the location is great as far as convenience to the subway, etc. Nice hotel!	
Nov 14 2007 	Problems	Problems from the start. If you sleep facing the main street, and happen to be on a lower floor, you will hear the pounding of a recycling truck right across the hotel. It lasts until 4am, and is loud!We were moved to a different floor, only to find the ice machine dispensed ice all night long on its own! And it wasn't quiet either! The location is ok, staff not bad, but not good.2/10	
Nov 6 2007 	Best Quality for Value	Checked in Friday, stayed 3 nights. Room 602Room was extremely clean and comfortable. This hotel is tucked away on 35th street just 1/2 block off 7th avenue. We walked here from Penn Station with our luggage no problem. The total experience was a great one. Mind you this was at a rate of $399.00 per night, which I think is outrageous but other hotels of this type were at $459 and above. We took subway throughout all of Manhattan easily from this location. We walked till very late at night and felt very safe. The hotel is fairly new, no restaurant on site so no room service, this was not a problem as there are many restaurants near by. The rate included a breakfast every morning, eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, fruit, yogurt, bagels, cereals, juice, etc. Rooms had flat screen TV, on wall, also came with microwave and mini fridge, coffee maker, no mini bar stocked with overpriced items. Staff all friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend and stay here again. By the way if looking for inexpensive place to eat, try the department store Macy's just around the corner. In the lower level they have a &quot;Marketplace&quot;, salads, sandwiches, hot foods, pasta, etc all at a good price. Wish we would have found this sooner. All too often we ended up paying high prices for rude service and bad meals at other restaurants in Manhattan.	
Oct 24 2007 	Lovely quiet good breakfast and central	This hotel is great value. Huge Kingsize beds, rooms and bathrooms. Lovely bed linen, very clean with a complementary breakfast of pretty much everything you could imagine including nice waffles! It is around the corner from Macy's and a few streets from the subway to go up to Central Park or down to Soho.Our room was at the back of the building with a dull view of another building, but it was perfectly quiet, which is good considering the constant traffic and siren noise in NYC.We had stayed at the Beekman Tower hotel which was a dive compared to this place. I recommend it. Plus the staff were great, sorted us out taxi's and loads of other stuff.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great hotel for the price!	We actually found this hotel by doing a search on one of the travel websites. After disgust about using one of the &quot;traditional&quot; online booking sites, I decided to give the Wyndham a call and they actually gave it to us *BELOW* the price even listed on the hotel website! The location was right off of Seventh Ave. by the Fashion District, which is about 6 blocks away from Times Square. Really great location and the service was excellent! I've stayed in boutique hotels throughout the city and this was by far the best &quot;chain&quot; hotel for the money. The room was nice and spacious, clean, and comfortable. Nice size, especially for other hotels in the city. Take advantage of the free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel. Free breakfast as well, although a little questionable.All in all, great experience! Definitely would stay here again!	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Price! Great place!	What a find in the heart of Manhattan! Right around the corner from Macy's and Madison Square Garden this hotel has a lot to offer. Nice size rooms even for our family of four (2 adults and 2 teenagers). Not the greatest views, but for the price the rooms are clean and comfortable and the hotel is in close proximity to public transportation. Don't let the side street scare you at night-it's just half a block from the main arteries and we felt safe walking back at night from Times Square and the theatre district. There are two computers that are very accesible. One on the second floor overlooking the lobby and the one on the lower level is less busy. Also, the breakfast is very good with a nice selection to choose from and great coffee! The staff is especially helpful and very accomodateing. Will definitely stay here again. I hope I didn't ruin our great find by telling too many people!!!!!!	
Sep 26 2007 	comfortable hotel fantastic location	We stayed at the Wingate Midtown Manhattan from Aug 25 to Sept 3, 2007, and it was an enjoyable experience. The hotel is new, the rooms are fresh with very comfortable beds, and a flat screen TV. The complimentary hot breakfast is excellent, with make-your-own waffles, bacon and sausages. (It could use a little variety though; we stayed there 9 nights, and the breakfast was the same every day).The location is perfect, it is in the heart of the fashion district, with Macys and so many other shops and attractions (Borders, Madison Square Garden) a two-minute walk away. Subway stations for the main lines are at the corner of the street, or a short block away, including Lines 1,2,3, A, C, E, Penn Station and other main lines. Hence, the hotel is so easily accessible by subway, train, and bus.The staff, every man and woman, were courteous, friendly and helpful. Any request we made was promptly and cheerfully attended to, even if made in the wee hours of the morning. You appreciate that kind of service, especially after an exhausting day, or after 20 hours of air travel.(As an aside, I should mention that we arrived at JFK airport at 7:45pm, and made the mistake of calling for an AIRLINK NYC shuttle at 8:30pm. Not only was the driver late by an hour, he went around the 10 terminals of JFK for almost 2 hours until he filled his van. Then he did not know the location of the hotel. So, we arrived at the hotel 4.5 hours AFTER we called AIRLINK! We strongly advise travelers against using this shuttle service. Use SuperShuttle instead, which is reliable and efficient).There were, of course, a few problems (no hotel is perfect). When we arrived at the hotel at 1am, all rooms had been taken, so we were placed in room 305, which is a room designed for handicapped guests. Hence, there was no bathtub, and no closet for clothes (just an open rack). More importantly – and this is critical to business travelers – there was no mobile phone signal at all in that room, perhaps because the room was at the back of the hotel, with tall buildings around, and it was a low floor. This may be true for all No. 5 rooms in every floor, so travelers should specifically request not to be placed in that room. We complained, and were transferred 2 days later to room 1204, and that room was perfect. It was larger than our previous room, and because it was fronting the street, I could easily get a mobile phone signal in the room. There was a tub and a closet. And the TV was facing the bed, while in the previous room, it was crammed on top of a drawer to the left of the bed, making it uncomfortable to watch. Travellers should ask for high floor rooms facing the street to get the best deal.On the whole, we would highly recommend the hotel to business and leisure travelers.	
Sep 25 2007 	This a fantastic deal in NYC!	We stayed in Sept 22-26 2007. Read all the reviews and checked out their website. We were thrilled that they were all accurate! The Wingate on 35th in NYC is an amazing deal in a city that charges hundreds of dollars for a worn out looking room. The hotel is EXACTLY like it's pictures and claims: big room, up to date furnishings, free bottle water, refrigerator, microwave, breakfasts, a business center, a real closet and helpful staff. The only downside is the location on 35th street...not the prettiest street in the city. However, it's conviently located so you can easily walk to many of the sights, loads of restaurants, etc. Would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 19 2007 	Great service and value!	My husband and I stayed one night (Saturday) at the Wingate. It is located in the Garmet District and just a couple blocks from Madison Square Gardens and Penn Station (Amtrak or buses). It's a great location if you want to do a lot of shopping! We arrived before check-in and our room was not ready, but they held our luggage. The front desk was very courteous, friendly, helpful, and referred to us by name. The room was clean and we had a room on one of the top floors (which we prefer to decrease street noise). I would recommend requesting a room NOT on an ice machine floor. The ice machine is located in the hallway next to a room (I'm sure it made it a very noisy stay for someone in that room). The free continental breakfast was a nice treat! They had hard boiled eggs, waffles, juice, coffee, bagels, fruit, yogurt...good enough to get you going in the morning. This hotel offers FREE wireless internet as well. There is a microwave and refrigerator in the rooms. We enjoyed our brief stay at the Wingate and we would recommend to others...and it was inexpensive compared to other hotels in the Manhattan area.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Value in NY	We were looking for a family friendly, reasonably priced, comfortable, clean hotel in a central New York area. We found it here, and more. The rooms were very comfortable, with nice bedding and a sitting area. They were clean, modern, and nicely decorated. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Times Square, Macy's, shopping, and the Greyline terminal. The Greyline is the best tourist trap I have ever seen. We were able to hop on their buses and see all of NY in one day, including a tour to the top of the empire state building! This was a great place to travel with kids because the rooms are very well insulated from each other, they provide portable cribs, a decent breakfast, and they are close to everything.	
Sep 11 2007	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel 1st week of September 2007and have to say this hotel is very good. Location wise it is very central to Midtown Manhattan, and Times square and Central Park are within easy walking distance. the Empire State building is less than 10 minutes away and Macys for shopping is 5 minutes walk so over all this is an excellent location.This hotel has very high hygene standards and room service is excellent. The staff at this hotel could not be more helpful and are of excellent mannners and courtesy and have to say its a pleasure to speak to them. So overall i would recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a good Hotel and good location and excellent cleanliness.	
Sep 9 2007	A good small hotel in the centre of midtown	I will keep this short as the hotel already has a lot of reviews on this site. The good: - Hotel is very clean - We had rooms at the back of the hotel (the twin rooms are at the back, the king at the front) and it was very quiet. Virtually no street noise which is unheard of in the area- Location is excellent (times square 10 mins, Macys 3 mins, Empire State 10 mins)- Rooms are a decent size - Staff are eager to help and friendly- Free breakfast and free water in the room each day. The not so good: - Facilities are little lacking, for example no bar, restaurant or room for getting changed once you have given up your roon on the last day- The road the hotel is on isnt that great at night... however it is literally a 40 seccond quick walk from seventh av so we didnt find this a problem. Overall we had a great stay and if you want to stay in the midtwon area this hotel is an excellent choice for the cost.	
Sep 7 2007 	Fantastic	What can I say that hasn't already been said,clean,big rooms,even our room with 2 doubles and a wheelchair to store,the staff were brilliant,they would ask you about your day where you had been all very pleasant with good personalities,ask if everything was ok no problems all of them from the cleaners to the desk staff,everybody would help you anyway they could.As for a former comment about being dark and scary,I was never scared walking down the street with my wife from wherever we had been in New York,I actually felt safer walking the streets at night in New York than in my home city of Manchester Uk.I would recommend this hotel to anybody,in fact I did today to a workmate who fancies visiting New York.If any of the staff read this reviews THANK YOU ALL,for making my stay,which was my 3rd visit so good.Didn't take any photos of the room as the photos on the hotel website are a true picture of the rooms and amenities.	
Sep 6 2007 	Wingate keep the word	I've booked my room in large advance for my 10 days vacation in NY; I've been in this wonderful town several times before and I know perfectly that in Manhattan you can fall in trap also in expensive hotels.This time I've carefully read all the valuable reviews posted on tripadvisor before any decision and thanks to them I've taken an excellent choice.Even if I'm Italian I write this review in English in order to make it available for a larger number of users; in this way I hope that my review will be useful as those I've read.The hotel is extremely clean and everything seems brand new: this is particularly remarkable in a city where often the hotels shows the signs of their oldness.My room was spacious and very comfortable (especially the wonderful bed) and I've appreciated the complimentary water (pay attention: only the water with the apposite label is free; the bottles in the fridge are with a fee of 5 dollars as you can read in the cap).Oddly there's nothing else in the fridge with the exception of the water: I've found this point a little bit strange actually.Unfortunately I've to confirm the main fault that other users have recorded: air conditioning is extremely noisy and I was compelled to turn it off; this can be a significant discomfort in the hottest periods of the year.I hope that the staff is able to read this repeated signal in the reviews in order to do something to solve this problem.The complimentary breakfast is really a bonus: generous, assorted and pretty good; appreciable also the 24hour gym (even if I've never taken advantage of it).Noteworthy the internet connection, not limited to high speed connection in room: there is a computer in the business center, with free connection for all the guests lacking of a laptop.Regarding the location I've to deny who spoke about a dangerous zone: the 35th street is not the most luxury part of the town and is quite dark and dull especially during night hours, but there's nothing dangerous here.Honestly I prefer all the midtown blocks placed beetween Central Park and Times Square, but only for their glisten appearence, not for safety reasons.Totally useless add other candid pictures, since all those you can find now are really trusty.Finally, considering the price I' ve paid for my king bedroom, 160 dollars per night, I can consider this hotel very good...it could be excellent with some slight improvement.	
Sep 5 2007 	A very very good hotel	A very very good hotel situated in an excellent location. Walking distance to Times Square and to the subway station too. We (4 adults) stayed in 1 non-smoking 2 double beds room. The room was quite spacious and clean. The attached bathroom was also clean and very nice. The hot breakfast was very good. For the location and the size of the room, the priced paid was very good. All in all a very good hotel.	
Aug 31 2007 	Fantastic! great staff and lovely room.	We went to New York in June on our honeymoon and trawled through hotel and hotel on this site to find one which didnt have bad feedback which I have to say was a hard task... this was the only one with no bad feedback so we booked it. We were not disappointed. On arrival the room was not ready and there was a little mix up with rooms but it was ok, sorted and they were professional and put it right. The room was lovely (we had a penthouse suite top floor with balcony) I can highly recomend one of these rooms, the bed was huge, the aircon whilst noisy in the day time was suprisingly quiet at night. The location is perfect for the first time New York visit as its round the corner from Macy's and the Empire State.All in all a fantastic hotel, no restaurant but hey its New York! and if you want to stay in the hotel they have a fantastic array of take out menus to choose from who will deliver to the hotel for you and the staff are happy for you to bring food in at any time.A great hotel and a trip of our lifetime.	
Aug 28 2007 	Ok by Day don't gou out at Night	We travel to NYC about every 4-6 weeks and have stayedin almost all the hotels. We have many of ourbusiness wholesalers there in the city. We likestaying near the Javitz and near Macys as it is walkable to the many things we do and less crowdedthan midtown near Times Square. We heardthe great reviews on Travel Advisor and decided to give this a whirl.Be aware that there is no bell hop at this locationand if you have a lot of baggage there will be no one to help.To catch a cab you also have no bell hop and mustgo down the block to Macys to pick one up, not sogood when hauling all your luggage. Otherwise youcan do what we did have them call a car for youto meet you at the front door. Rooms are smalland clean. Breakfast is nice but very very crowdedthey did not allow enough space.This hotel is located in the garmet district and after 6pm the place becomes dark and full of very interesting characters.Most of which you could do without gatheredin clusters. There is not a security guard onduty at this hotel either. No one outsidemonitoring anything.There is very very little light while walking backto the hotel after dark and allthe business that surrounds the area is closedwith their garage door down and clustersof men that are gathered around.It is only about a block and half from Macys butafter dark it is a long long walk! DId not feel safe at allthere. If you are traveling alone or with another womanI do not recommend staying there if you planon going out after dark. Before dark is fine.For the money The Radisson is in a much betterarea with lots of light and lotsof security and it includes a bell hop and easy access to cabs .	
Aug 27 2007 	Two Thumbs Up!	This hotel is great! I am picky, especially about cleanliness. Rooms were spotless and large, wifi was great, and AC worked well. Breakfast was more than I expected as well. I will be staying here the next time I visit NYC.	
Aug 27 2007 	Little Gem	I came accross this hotel while visiting New York with a friend last April. We were not entirely happy with the hotel we booked and another tourist we were chatting spoke very highly of her stay at the Wingate. We called into the hotel to enquire and they told us about a special rate that had just been advertised, $120 for the room, very reasonable for NY! The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and could not do enough to assist us. The room was beautifully decorated if a bit small. A twin room consisted of two extremely comfortable double beds, good sized bathroom, tea/coffee making facilities and a microwave. Internet access was free and very fast which does not seem to be common in NY hotels.I would highly reccommend this hotel, it is close to all the action and shopping, I would definitely try to stay again on my next trip to New York.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great hotel	I can only confirm all the positive things that have been said so far about this hotel.A few minor points:- Slow elevators. I once spent over 5 minutes waiting for one.- Breakfast area can get pretty crowdy. - Loud A/C.Overall, a great hotel. Relatively quiet yet central location, close to the ACE &amp; 123 subway lines (Get a $24 unlimited metrocard if you stay a week!).	
Aug 23 2007 	Great budget hotel	We had 2 rooms at the wingate, one for my parents and one for my husband, 18 year old son and myself. Both were comfortable well looked after and none of us had any complaints. The staff were always on hand and always keen to help. The position in the Garment district is great, most things being within walking disatance. The view and the street that the hotel is on are not particularly inspiring but then that is not what you are going to New York for I would assume.Breakfast was brilliant and the 'cook your own waffles' was fun.Complaints from previous reviewers re the scarabbled eggs were interesting. The hotel has wither reviewd its egg supplier, changed its cooking method or some people are just to darn fussy because all 5 of my party could not see a problem. The fact that the room price included breakfast was good enough for us!!. I would recommend thsi hotel to friends and I would go back.	
Aug 22 2007 	The Best Deal In Town	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two days (8/19 - 8/21) and after scouting out the other hotels we were going to book with, we are convinced we got the best deal. We had wanted to stay at three other hotels and actually canceled on one after reading the reviews for this hotel. We were not disappointed. Our room seems brand new. The fixtures, toilet, sink, tub, countertop were all premium quality and spotless (no mildew even under scrutiny). The bed was extrremely comfy. The sheets / bedspread were spotless and premium in feel. We also had a fridge and microwave! Wow.We really appreciated the fact that so many things were included in the price at no extra charge: internet access, business center access, bottled water, luggage hold (because we arrived too early), and free hot breakfast (unheard of!).Finally, the staff was extremely helpful. They gave us great suggestions for food and directions.Our only complaint is that the air-conditioning fan is fairly loud. But man, does it do the job. It cools down the room in five minutes flat.There is no question we'd come back to this hotel again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Wingate- it's a winner!	We stayed at the Wingate for 4 nights with our teenage children. The Wingate is located smack-dab in the garment district, which means that it is fairly quiet at night when you need to sleep. The hotel is very clean and well-maintained. The rooms are a good size for Manhattan, and ours included two double beds, a large desk, microwave, small refrigerator, flat-screen television, and a generously sized bathroom. A deluxe continental breakfast was included each morning in a lovely room at the back of the hotel. The location is perfect- 35 th street just west of 6 th avenue. I was kind of shocked at how nice the staff were- some of the people in the stores in New York tend to be rude. This hotel is extremely good value for the money. We are so pleased with our stay, and we will definitely be back!	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent Value	We stayed at the Wingate of Wyndham for 5 nights and would stay there again if we return to NYC. It is very centrally located and close to Penn station which is very handy when catching the 7.15am train to Niagara Falls.The room was very comfy and spacious with an awsome shower. The only downside is that most rooms have an air vent which is quite noisy. Staff were very helpful and were able to recommend a restaurant close to the hotel when we arrived quite late in the evening.The breakfast spread was quite impressive with the waffle makers in high demand. Get in early or you'll miss out. We paid $US290 per night (taxes included) which I thought was a bargain for this standard of hotel in August.	
Aug 19 2007 	great find!	What a great find! We only stayed one night but if was perfect for our shopping getaway! Easy to find, staff was very helpful, kept our luggage for us before check-in and the next day also after check-out. Very clean which is what we were worried about, not huge rooms but sufficient and spotless! Involves a little bit more walking to places like Time Square and other attractions but still close enough to walk. Very pleased!!	
Aug 11 2007 	I'd gladly go back	I will start this off by stating that we weren't originally supposed to stay here, but I'm so glad that the company I booked with overbooked the other hotel, because our stay was fabulous!I'd heard the horror stories about small rooms in New York...that isn't so here. Our room with one king bedwas a wonderful size, the bed was super comfy, the entire hotel is smoke free, and breakfast, while not superb, was hot, substantial, and free.I would have ranked everything perfectly if not for one inattentive guest service agent - the one who checked us in. Everyone else was amazingly helpful and nice. Also, the brochure of the hotel in the room said that the hotel had a hot tub, but it didn't. It did, however, have a nice computer with printer and free DSL so that you can print your boarding passes or what have you.This hotel is only a few blocks away from Penn Station NY, which makes it really easy to get to from airports via public transportation. (We were able to get there from Newark for $15 on the AirTrain.) Also, there is a small subway outlet on the corner which will easily transport you to Times Square or Rockefeller Center if you don't want to make the walk. (It is very easy to walk to Times Square or Rockefeller Center...it just takes some time.)It is also really close to great shopping (it is in the garment district afterall), restaurants - try Scotty's for some yummy grub, and the Empire State Building.My favorite eatery - though off-topic - was Serendipity 3 for Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, accessible via the subway.Overall, this hotel was such a pleasant surprise. I'd definitely stay there again. And, for the price and the rating as a 2-3 star hotel, it was luxury and excellent. It is definitely underranked.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Place to Stay!	done my internet research last winter for our first trip to New York this August/2007.Came across this hotel in Manhattan. Clean rooms, friendly staff and great morning free serve yourself breakfast (waffles, sausage, eggs, cereal, fruit, juices etc.) hotel also has great fitness room and computer room for guests use. easy walk from here to Empire State Building, Macy's (right up the street), Madison Square Gardens, Times Square etc. Great eating places also in the area. Subway locations within 1-2 blocks to take you anyplace you need to go in New York. We had a great time in New York and the Wingate was a great place to stay. By booking early I got a great rate of $189 a night (plus taxes). This was a great price for this part of town. It was worth it. The only down side to my stay is that the bed pillows are not comfortable. They tend to be big and hard than most pillows. Besides that it was great. The front desk was super helpful answering any questions you have about getting around New York. For $45 the hotel also provided a SUV vehicle service back to the airport. Didn't have to worry about finding a taxi etc. One final thought. If you're going to New York for the first time, buy a good map of New York City and its subway lines. Once you are familiar with the subway system you can travel all over New York, Bronx, Brooklyn etc. for $7 a day. Its the way to go. Also buy a cheap compass so you can tell which direction you're walking. It was a great trip and Wingate is the place to stay.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Deal	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Check in is at 3, and we were allowed to check in early to a freshly cleaned room. The room is up to date. We never used them, but there is a gym and a business center in the hotel as well. The air conditioner worked extremely well on the scorching weekend we stayed there. It seemed loud, but didnt prevent me or my bf from sleeping. There was complimentary water, and a fridge and microwave in our room, and you are a few blocks from Times Sq, Madison Sq Garden, Penn Station, and Manhattan mall, and the subway stop is at the corner of the street.The problems I had were very small. First, the view was awful, then the bed and pillows were very firm and uncomfortable.	
Aug 6 2007 	Expensive "complimentary" Water	All in all it was a OK stay. As other guests have noted it is quite noisy on the street with construction? going on in the middle of the night. We were on the 14th floor but still woke many times on our first night (a Fri.). The next night was better. The room was clean enough and the bed comfortable but the pillows were horrible. We had stiff necks from using them, the second night they stayed on the floor. The continental breakfast was adequate and a bonus. It did disturb me though on both mornings of our stay that people walked around barefoot in the breakfast room. I like the saying &quot;No shirts No shoes No service. But I guess I'm one of the few because this seems to be allowed at the Wingate. My biggest gripe about the hotel is the &quot;free water&quot; they provide their guests. I knew they provided complimentary water so when I opened the fridge I saw two bottles of water and assumed these were free of charge. We both saw no sticker or tag to indicate we would be charged $5.00 dollars per bottle. I complained to management but the charge stayed on my bill. I feel we were taken. With all the hotels in NYC we will stay elsewhere on our next visit.	
Aug 5 2007 	Loved the Wingate Inn Will return	First trip to NYC (07/05-07/08)as a Birthday surprise for my Husband. We had a great time. The Wingate Inn is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, extremely clean rooms, and a great location! The street that the hotel is located on is dead after dark, there is nothing open, but once you get to the end of the street closest to Macy's, there is a Starbucks, McDonalds and all kinds of little places to stop for a quick bite. Very close to Subway and taxis are everywhere. Walking distance to Macy's, Time Square, Empire State building, Penn Station, Madison Square Garden, etc.The hotel was very quite, with only 6 rooms to a floor, we always had a good-night's sleep. We did get an early morning wake up by a trash truck, but that happens at home too.Breakfast in the morning was great and very convenient. The breakfast room was a bit small and crowded at times, but here's a hint: go down early, make your plate, and take it to your room, that way you avoid the line at the waffle irons.The manager, Elvis, was most helpful!!! Kudos to him and his staff. He was always there, I wonder if he ever goes home, LOL. He was always available to suggest a great restaurant or other points of interest. We will definitely return to the Wingate Inn!!!P.S. If you like Mexican Food, checkout Mi Nidito near the Times Square Area. A nice quaint little restaurant with a great atmosphere, great music, Best Margaritas and food!!! If you have the Margaritas, be careful, you will get drunk!!! LOL	
Aug 1 2007 	Excellent stay at the Wingate	We stayed at the Wingate for 4 nights at the beginning of July. We had selected this hotel after reading so many positive reviews on Tripadvisor and it certainly lived up to those comments. The room ,while not huge, was fine for 2 adults and 2 teenagers and it was clean and equipped with everything you could need for a short stay. The complimentary breakfast was the best we have experienced in any hotel we have stayed in, in the US. We found the staff to be helpful on the few occasions we had to ask anything. Our only concern before we arrived was that we had read one review which said that the area was a bit dark and scary at night time, we did not find this at all. We found the location ideal- in less than 5 minutes you can walk to Times Square,in 2 minutes you can walk to bus pick up points for the hop on/off bus tours, Macy's is just around the corner(very handy for dropping parcels back to the room) and we found the nearby Starbucks and Bread and Cake factory great for snacks and meals during the stay.	
Jul 22 2007 	Decent Place but we were also a victim of movie fraud.	Price is good for NYC, $179. Includes real breakfast, not &quot;continental&quot; crap, only about 100 yards from Penn Station, clean new rooms, Short walk to Times Square, great friendly service (except for the charge for movie when we were not even in the room which is to be &quot;investigated&quot; by manager and credited to card. This will not happen in your lifetime so raise loud hell at checkout in front of as many people as possible). Until this scam we had a very nice stay. Cheating people out of $10.00 is pretty petty and hardly worth the trouble. If you are going to steal make it big time.	
Jul 19 2007 	greatcleanCLOSE TO EVERYTHING	We have just returned from a 5 night 6 day stay in New York City.What a great place to stay. The free breakfast is worth it's weight in gold. I'm talking sausage, bacon, eggs, waffle maker, juices, fruits. The staff is there to help with your every need. The rooms were spacious and VERY CLEAN. The hotel is on 36th street. 5 blocks from Broadway. The subway is 1 block away. You are very close to the center of everything. This was one of the best value hotels we found that stated non-smoking.Would recommend and stay there in a hearbeat again.	
Jul 19 2007 	Wingate is a Winner!	My two sisters and I recently stayed at the Wingate for 8 nights. We were very happy with our stay, and we found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Unlike a few of the other reviewers, we thought the staff was very friendly, from the people at the front desk to the sweet little housekeeper polishing the wood in the elevator who greeted us with a smile and told us to enjoy the day.The room was cozy for the three of us (2 double beds), but we understand that hotel space in NYC is at a premium, so we were prepared. The decor was updated and appealing, the granite bathroom counter was generously sized for all our stuff, the room and bathroom were clean, and the beds were comfortable. The shower was strong, the water was hot, the towels were thick and fluffy. Even the toilet was an upscale brand--Toto,which is one of the best on the market. The microwave and refrigerator came in quite handy. I will admit that the bathroom fan is loud, but it works well, and the room air conditioner is noisy also (many hotel A/Cs are like that). We discovered a curious thing about it --we realized it wasn't just a coincidence that the A/C came on whenever we entered the room after a long day of sightseeing. It shuts off during the day as an energy saving measure, and as soon as a warm body comes back in the room, the A/C starts up again. The manager explained that there was an infrared sensor that was responsible for this curiosity. This wasn't a problem (cudos to the hotel for conservation), and we were fascinated by it. The breakfast was good, though I personally didn't care for the scrambled eggs--on the dry side. There were lots of other things to choose from--sausage, bacon, pastries, bagels, waffles, cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, etc. The location is convenient, and the hotel is easily accessible to several different subway lines (1-3 blocks away, depending on the line you want.) It is 1 block from Macy's, and is close to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden.Now for the downside. The hotel isn't perfect, and if you are looking for a 4 Star hotel, this isn't it. It is on a dingy side street, and the view from our room was looking at a warehouse- type building. The housekeeping was hit and miss, but this could have been due to our particular housekeeper. On a few occasions, we didn't get fresh mugs and glasses; toiletries weren't replaced during our stay even though the manager said they should have been; and one day, the housekeeper forgot to leave us any towels. We found ourselves calling down for stuff like this more than we should have had to. However, the management and front desk always cheerfully and apologetically took care of the requests, so I can't complain too much. All in all, I rated it a 5, mainly because of the good value compared to other NYC hotels.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great first trip to the Big Apple	Where do I start, Me and a buddy (Early thirtys) booked this hotel through travelocity as part of a package deal with room and air fare . We chose this hotel because we wanted to be garanteed two beds in the room. This was one of the few hotels that would do this for us. We flew into Newark, and took the 20 min train directly into penn station ,which happens to be about a block from the hotel.We walked to the hotel and it is located on 35th st between 7th and 8th ave in the fashion district. Other reviewers have stated its in a bad area or off the beaten path but its just on a small street with a bunch of textile or fabric stores and from my perspective a gem of a hotel. The lobby is clean and small nothing fancy but the staff was helpfull and got us our room with zero problems. Our room was on the 18th floor witch was the top floor 1806. The room had two double beds a flat screen tv. complimentary bottled waters , a desk area, a small fridge, microwave , wireless internet access, in room safe , and most importantly a clean , good size bathroom. There was a nice little workout room and a small buisness center also below the lobby floor. This hotel is located a block from pen station , 7 blocks from time square and the theater dist. 4 blocks from the empire state building and subway access less then a 1/2 block.So all and all this hotel was a great homebase for me and my buddy to get to all the sites , yankee games, and would recomend this hotel to anybody. Please just remember your hotel experience is what you make it . If you want it to be positive most likely it will.	
Jul 11 2007 	Wingate's a Scam!	When my husband and I checked out we had a mysterious movie charged to our room. We never purchased a pay-per-view movie while we were there. The desk clerk stated he couldn't do anything for us and then provided a specific &quot;movie&quot; Memo from the Manager stating that movie charges could only be adjusted by the Manager. And of course, the Manager wasn't available when we checked out. Seemed like a scam to us. I will never stay in this chain of hotels again and do not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great place to stay	Stayed for 5 nights with my wife and child and was very pleased with the hotel. Good free breakfast buffet and hotel was very clean. The location at first looked bad but was ok . The room we had was 1002 and no street noise which was a big plus in NYC. Close to everything would stay again here	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent stay great value	Our 3-night stay at the Wingate was a wonderful experience. The rooms are spacious (by Manhattan standards), modern, clean, and comfortable. Our only suggestion for improvement would be that all 4 of the pillows are thick and fluffy--so bring your own if you require something thin for comfort. The 35th St. location in the fashion district isn't very scenic but is quiet at night, and subway stops are within a block so transit is not a problem. The complimentary breakfast was fabulous, making our stay an overall great value.	
Jul 4 2007 	Wingate's a Winner	We had a wonderful experience at the Wingate. The room was wonderfully cozy. As we only needed room to unwind, this fits the bill. The bed was incredibly comfortable, the flat screen tv was a nice touch, and the room itself was impeccably maintained. Absolutely no mold or crud in the restroom,(no tub either but that's o.k.), the furnishings were in excellent repair, and the amenities were as described. It is by no means a luxury hotel, but it is a great place to stay if cleanliness and comfort are the most important things on your list.They also offer a discount on parking. Make sure you get the sticker from the front desk. The attendant was kind enough to let us know were to park, but he didn't go the extra half a centimeter to tell us about the discount.Otherwise a great trip. Within walking distance to timesquare, empire state building, madison square garden, and more. We often returned to our room at 1 or 2 in the morning. We stayed in room 205. Enjoy!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Everything you need	By New York standards, a good size room that is not much smaller (if at all) than you would find elsewhere. Refrigerator and microwave in room; unfortunately, the coffee maker is one of those one-cup machines, but no mind, we brought our own 4 cup drip pot. Comfortable bed, good size bathroom, wall mounted TV, and although the air conditioner was a bit noisy, we were so tired after walking and walking and standing in musems (before our evening shows) that it was no bother at all. The breakfast was also quite good. Yes, the scrambled eggs are not great, but there's sausage and bacon and muffins and New York bagels, and English Muffins and toast, and waffles, and hot and cold cereal and juice and hard boiled eggs, and yogart, and coffee and milk and a friendly staff to make sure that items are replaced. Not sure what else one would want and not sure why a handful of other reviewers have complained. Sorry folks, hotel breakfast bars do not serve eggs benedict, et. al.  The location is convenient to the theater distrcit by walking or subway. And of course, the Empire State buidling, Madison Square Garden and Macys are close by. Overall, we like this hotel better than others we have stayed in, one of which was the Warwick. We will be back.	
Jun 19 2007 	Very Impressed	My husband and I went to New York for the first time and LOVED everything about it! We pretty much went there knowing nothing about New York except for the obvious sightseeing attractions. We booked our hotel off of the reviews (it had the most positive experiences than the others.) We arrived on a Monday to our hotel - my first impression walking into the lobby was - how beautiful and modern it looked. We arrived 2hrs. before check-in, so I thought for sure they would say our room wasn't ready and we'd be stuck with our luggage, but to my surprise it was ready. We had a king size bed (very comfortable) and the room was very spacious. From the various reviews we read for several hotels - the complaints were usually: very tiny room, air conditioner didn't work, dirty, bugs etc. Our experience was far from it. Our room was VERY clean, air conditioner always worked (in fact - sometimes we had to turn it down a bit), never dirty and didn't see one bug - plus the room was the same size as any other hotel we've stayed in. The breakfast was good and the hotel staff was very helpful with our questions. We called for extra pillows and had someone knocking on our door 10 min. later with them. We saw the exercise room (very nice) and used the business office to access our email and printed out some ferry schedules. Not thinking we would need to access a computer - it was helpful to be able to use their's any time you needed.The hotel is in a nice location to some things however I think I was expecting to reach Times Square within 15 min. as previously read, but it seemed a little longer than that (25 min) - maybe I was a bit anxious and it just seemed to take longer.I really have no complaints about the hotel except that I wish it was a few blocks closer to Times Square and all the action there, but for the quality of this hotel - I would be happy to stay there again. Who couldn't use the exercise - walking is good for you, right?	
Jun 18 2007 	A Wonderful Vacation in NYC	We visited NYC in Mid-June and stayed at the Wingate for 7 nights. What a WONDERFUL HOTEL! We couldn't have asked for an overall better experience.The Hotel is in a fabulous location within a few minutes walk of subway stations, Penn train station (we daytripped into Philadelphia), and Times Square. There are also many great restaurants within about 5-10 minutes walk from the hotel and Starbucks on each end of the block. The Hotel complimentary breakfast is wonderful (we all stuffed ourselves each morning because we didn't know when we would be able to take time from our sight-seeing to have lunch). We were able to easily walk to Rockefeller Center in about 15 - 20 minutes and the subway ride to Central Park (and 5th Avenue shopping) could not have been easier.Our room was very clean and quiet. The beds were very comfortable and the flat-screen TV was great. The hotel has a very boutiquey feel to it (despite its being a chain) that we found charming.We had absolutely no complaints and will definitely be back to the Wingate the next time we visit New York City.	
Jun 14 2007 	Awesome!	My family and I just returned from our first trip to NYC and the Wingate Inn couldn't have been a better choice. The location was great! It was close to everything!The room was nice and spacious and the beds were nice and comfy. The breakfast every morning was excellent. With an 8yr old in tow this was very convenient.The staff was extremely nice and helpful. They allowed us to store our luggage at an early arrival and a late departure which was extremely great. I couldn't recommend a better place when visiting NYC! We will definitely stay again!	
Jun 14 2007	Fabulous hotel only 5-10 minutes from Times Square!	Fabulous hotel only 5-10 minutes from Times Square! This was a great hotel (and fantastic price, booked on their website for $180-209 per night!). We have stayed right in Times Square at much larger hotels (for 4X the price) however this was by far the best hotel we have been at to date in NYC. Rooms are incredibly clean and very large and spacious. I have not posted pics on here as the hotels pictures are an exact replication of the hotel. One note about our reservations – we booked a room that may be cancelled (up to 48 hours in advance) you pay about $20 more per night – but by phoning to confirm and asking for a prepaid reservation we received a lower rate and saved some $$.The breakfast was very handy – it is free with your room and includes waffles (really good!), eggs (not so great), bacon, muffins, croissants, toast, etc. Service at the hotel was mediocre – dont expect any small talk or pleasantries. That said they were helpful in booking us a car to get to the airport on our departure date and very speedy at fixing our room safe which locked up on us. Great features are the breakfast, location (half block from Macys), cleanliness, price and room size (the room safe is big enough for a laptop! Great feature!)The only think I can point out as a negative would be the location at night. It is rather dark and deserted when walking back from shows. That could be remedied by simply taking a taxi.	
Jun 12 2007 	Agree with disappointed	I studied all tripadvisor reviews of New York City hotels before selecting Wingate in Midtown Manhattan. I decided that even though I thought the price was steep, that it would be worth it. I am fairly easily pleased and not unreasonable. I though all sounded well. The hotel is located down a dreary sidestreet that closes down at the end of a working day and has little open. A warning sign of what was to come was the fact that only the &quot;Wi&quot; is lit up on the sign. I thought there might be some offer to help with the luggage but the staff tends to just stand around and not really look at guests in the lobby. A venture out onto the major street only provided pizza joints, McDonalds, and unappetizing sandwich shops. As it was terribly late (hmmm maybe ten), we gave up and got a cheeseburger at Burger King --welcome to New York?The room is small. I do not know where one review got the &quot;roomy&quot; from. In a room with two double beds, one might expect four people but three suitcases will barely fit. A waste of space is a large executive style chair that is unnecessary. The air conditioner is horribly noisy and will awaken you as it cuts off and on in the night. The exhaust fan is also obnoxiously noisy. Have them both on at the same time and you need ear plugs. We booked for four nights. One morning for breakfast was one too many. It is advertised as &quot;hot continental&quot; but the only hot items were bad eggs, tasteless sausage (McDonald's style), and the requisite generic waffles (oops no spray oill so forget that one), As far as convenience, it is my third trip to NYC and it is the first time I have been near Macy's -- must be because there is nothing else I want in this area. So, my advice is to try another hotel. I just did not see anything that would bring me back here.	
Jun 12 2007 	WONDERFUL FANTASTIC STAFF	I booked our first trip to NY through Orbitz. We chose Wingate Manhattan due to the reviews I read here at tripadvisor. What a marvelous place. It is not the most fancy of places, but it is new, clean and within walking distance to most anything. All the reviews were on point. The staff here at this hotel are amazing. They were the most courteous, helpful, delightful group of people we have encountered within hotels. Elvis, manager, is great. Any questions, problems, see Elvis or anyone for that matter. We had much chaos during our trip. Upon our arrival my husband became ill and the staff assisted us with making arrangements to a local clinic. From there my husband was hospitalized and what an ordeal when you are so far from home? NOT at all.. with the friendly, wonderful staff at NYU Medical Center and the assistance of the staff at Wingate Manhattan, we made it fine without too much difficulty. The staff was very supportive, called to check on my husband several times per day, and always offered to do anything if we needed. If you plan a trip to NY, I highly recommend this little treasure.	
Jun 6 2007	Disappointing	Based on the positive comments I found on TripAdvisor, coupled with the location in walking distance from Penn Station, I chose to stay at the Wingate. I’m slightly mystified by the reviews, as my experience was nowhere near as satisfactory as others included here. Problem one – I was on the 17th floor, which would normally be welcome, since it means less street noise. But in its place, I was greeted with the non-stop hum/rattle from some kind of huge industrial motor that’s near the room (there are only 18 floors). It’s loud enough to be quite annoying. I called to complain and was told it would be turned off at 8. Less than ideal, but OK. I called at 8:20 when it wasn’t off, was told someone would call me right back, and no one did. Called again around 9, an engineer came to the room, and told me that it would automatically turn off at 10 (which it seemed to do). But when I woke up at 7:30, it was back on. Problem two – the A/C unit was extremely loud, so much so that it was difficult-to-impossible to have a telephone conversation while the unit was on (it did, however, drown out the sound of the industrial motor). I had a telephone interview to conduct in the late afternoon, which I got to sweat through (literally) since I couldn’t turn on the A/C. Most problematic of all, the A/C made it very difficult to sleep. I was left with its loud volume, or being hot all night. Problem three – for a hotel that bills itself as a business hotel, the chair at the desk is extremely poor. It’s too big for the desk, so I couldn’t get close to desk. In order to simultaneously type and talk on the phone, I had to wrap myself in a very odd (and uncomfortable) position. And it meant that rather than work on my laptop at the desk, I had to sit on the bed. Not what I’d expect to be doing at a business hotel. I didn’t use the business center or the gym, so can’t comment on those, but note that there is no room service. There are, however, lots of restaurants nearby. The free breakfast was nice, though a quick look around suggested that the primary clientele for this hotel is not people on business, but tourists. Free Internet access is a plus, but I found it worked much better in the lobby than in my room.All in all, an unsatisfying stay, and not a hotel I would return to.	
Jun 4 2007 	Terrific Location Perfect Hotel!	I had read all of the previous reviews of the Wingate Midtown, so I was a little nervous that I might set my hopes too high. Due to the fact that the hotel is amazing, that was impossible! The rooms were nice and big, the staff was terrific, and the linens were always clean and fresh. I could write a book about the breakfast, but I'll spare you. I will just say that it was wonderful. There were so many selections, pastries, waffles, fruit, yogurt, cereal, juices, bacon, eggs, sausage, toast, bagels, english muffins...I could go on and on. For a breakfast like that you would drop a quite a few bucks in New York City. Thanks to the Wingate and its staff for making my first trip to New York a wonderful experience.	
May 29 2007 	Awesome!	A friend and I just stayed at this hotel over Memorial Day weekend 2007. I can not say enough nice things about this hotel. First, the hotel was so clean. The rooms are nice and big, with very comfortable beds. The bathrooms are large and extremely clean. The staff was most helpful. They held our bags for us and let us check in early! The locatation was awesome! It is only 1 block from Macy's! The shopping near the room was great! There were several places to eat nearby. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to have friendly service with a great location in the city! I will stay there again! :) You will not be disappointed!	
May 27 2007	Wonderful!	I was leery of what I was going to get considering that the arrangement was very last minute (the day before?), but this was the hotel that had the best price for a 3 person room that was available on such short notice. I was impressed! The room was clean and very big, the bathroom was wonderfully stocked and the service at the front desk and throughout the hotel was very friendly and willing to assist us.They have a wireless connection, but if your computer can't pick it up (like mine, haha) they have a courtesy computer in the lobby.The location is also nice -- you're right next to quite a few karaoke bars and the shopping area on 34th street.I was moving out of my dorm and used the place to keep my stuff and they were very helpful in getting my things upstairs -- without them, I'm pretty sure the majority of my things would have stayed in the lobby!I definitely recommend it, and while it may not be the least expensive, you're definitely getting your money's worth!	
May 22 2007 	Fantastic Hotel in Great Location	Myself and my friend chose this hotel after researching and reading of alot of hotel reviews and then booked directly with them and secured a fixed price at time of booking.Our room was great , very clean , ample sized beds , great shower and widescreen tv to watch the various channels for the very short time we were in our room.Also had a fridge , free water every day and microwave which came in great use on our arrival night as we grabbed a pizza from around the block and took it back to eat.We had a room at rear of hotel on 10th floor and it was very quiet , only noise I recall hearing was the alarm that we forgot to switch off one night and the sound of thunder (not very loud due to good double glazing).The breakfast was a great perk , got us on our way everyday but if you fancy a change there is a great diner at end of street called &quot;Andrews&quot; which did great pancakes, waffles, bacon,eggs, basically anything you wanted.The staff were very helpful and will recommend restaurants to eat as well as places to visit.Penn Street subway can be found at either end of street , Macy's and Empire State at end of street and block away and it only took 10 mins to walk to Times Square.Of course we cannot forget Starbucks , again one at each end of street.We visited all the tourist sites but would recommend a trip to The Bronx Zoo(take the subway) and a helicopter ride , expensive but well worth the experience.(helicopter that is).Our trip to New York was brilliant and having a great place like the Wingate to stay at made a difference , we would highly recomend this place and will definately be staying here when we return , hopefully not in the too distant future.	
May 10 2007 	Everything you need!	Wingate Manhattan has a great location for getting around the city - A block north of Penn Station/Madison Square Garden, a few blocks south of Broadway/Times Square, and enough happening in the vicinity to make for entertaining evening walkabouts.The rooms were clean and quiet, the staff was friendly, and all business amenities were provided as advertised - including an excellent breakfast selection.Definitely recommended!	
May 10 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	What a find this hotel is. I read the review before I booked and saw some of the minor issues people had, but I saw that the review were glowing and they were all correct. This hotel is brand new, clean, comfortable with a friendly staff. The noise issue was neither here nor there. I knew I was coming to New York City know as the city that never sleeps, there is only so much control a hotel has on outside noises. I have stayed at many hotels in New York and they all get noise, its the city folks if you want quite go to countryside, not New York City. The breakfast was great, plenty of great food and free, no reason to complain when you are getting something for free. If you want something different each morning then you should go out, but why waste your money when you get great stuff included. All in all I just think it would be silly for anyone to stay somewhere else. Location, Location, Location...you have 12 subway lines within walking distance and you can walk to Empire and TimesSquare/Broadway area.Hotel Rocks!	
May 7 2007	Another very satisfied customer.	I spent a considerable amount of time and planning looking at various hotels in Manhattan as a base for our first visit the United States to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary.After hours reading various reviews,comparing prices,all roads seemed to lead back to the Wingate Inn Manhattan,built at a cost of 2O million dollars,this must be the newest hotel in Manhattan having opened in Sept.2006.I can only endorse evrything that has been written by other reviewers,the location is perfect for Midtown Manhattan,Macys,Madison Square Garden,Times Square,Empire State Building,Etc Etc,are all within walking distance.The front staff are a relatively young crew,so may not have detailed information on specific restaurants,etc,but they were always very polite and courteous.A special mention to Keyla and Answar who are a right double act.We were on the 17th floor as we requested a room on a high floor as advised,by a previous reviewer,which was absolutely fine with minimal background noise.Save yourself the time I spent reading the various hotel reviews,this hotel for the price represents excellent value.We had a superb visit to this fantastic city and we cannot wait to return.	
Apr 29 2007 	Wonderful position clean and well-maintained	We booked this hotel because of the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor and because of the amazingly low price (worked out to £31pppn b&amp;b). We were not disappointed. The fittings and hotel interior looks new and is in excellent condition. It was extremely clean throughout and the staff were helpful. The fitness suite and the free internet access on the communal pc were a bonus. Breakfast had a wide variety to choose from, although the room did get a little crowded at times, and the tv being constantly on was a distraction. Our own room offered two doubles (unfortunately no roll-out bed as an option) which were comfortable. The cleaning was excellent and efficient. We had a high room at the back and did not hear a sound (except the air conditioning in the room coming on one morning) all week, not even from other guests. The hotel's main selling point has to be its location. 100yards to Macy's, 150yds to Madison Square Garden, 250 yds to Empire State; 100 yds to one subway line, 150yds to a different line and 250yds to a third line. Ten minutes walk to Time Square. The street outside may be scruffy and dirty (as many seem to be in NY), but is only 100 yards or so long, and was never threatening in feel. My wife and daughter felt perfectly safe travelling back from 'Wicked' at 10.45 at night on the subway on their own. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and recommend other to do so. Some other recommendations - Staten Island ferry (free) as opposed to the Statue of Liberty ferry; walk the Brooklyn Bridge (there is a subway station at both ends); book all your tickets for the theatre and sports from the UK - we did and went to see the Yankees, Mets and Knicks - Ticketmaster's 'WillCall' system works well. Finally for those who have waited twenty or so years to return - what a difference - NYCity is SAFE!	
Apr 25 2007	A gem!	An excellent hotel in a prime location. The room was faultless as were the staff, the breakfasts were a bonus, all in all great value and we would definitely return.	
Apr 17 2007 	Another satisfied customer	I am going to keep this short as most people have already covered the points that I would have made.The rooms are a good size for the price. The beds are comfy and, unlike some other reviewers, I had no problem with the pillows.We stayed on the 3rd floor which made me a little nervous of street noise but our room was at the back of the hotel so there was no noise as such. However, every morning at 7am without fail some music started up. Not loud but insistent it sounded like some sort of music school.If you find the airconditioning a bit loud, as I did, then you can turn it on to standby which effectiverly switches it off.Breakfast was pretty good, although after 7 days I was getting a little bored. The scrambled egg, burgers and bacon were the weakest element.I found all the staff extremely helpful throughout our stay.The street is a bit unexciting but this is not a problem given how close it was to other attractions. With an underground station at each end of the block, it was very handy for getting around. We got a taxi to the hotel in the first place, but took the underground plus Airtrain back. This was very easy and a lot cheaper than the taxi.I won't spend too much time on eating places in this review but I can recommend the Napa restaurant across the road from the hotel for an all you can eat luch time buffet.	
Apr 12 2007 	Recommend it to all....	Fabulous Hotel! Would recommend to my friends and family…RoomsWe stayed at this hotel from April 7 through April 11… We payed 237.00 a night plus taxes.i used the hotel website and got that rate through early booking (two months before), no refund. i did see it on hotels.com for 239.00 a night... Hotels lets you cancel with in a day or two... I just cjose the website instead.It was with my husband and parents. It is very new, clean, and well kept. There are about 6 rooms per floor and there were about 16 floors in the hotel. We had to two rooms, I had cousins in another room also and both rooms looked just like the picture on the website. There was a coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, and LCD television, desk, comfy chair with a ottoman, leather office chair, two double beds that were like a full sized bed each, with a iron , iron board, alarm clock and two telephones in the room. The water would turn hot very fast and everything was very clean. Every morning there was a morning newspaper delivered to our room outside the door. The view outside out room was of another tall building. The heating and air conditioning worked well but you could hear it (didn’t bother me though). Location The location was less than a block away from Macy’s, close to many subways lines! Times Square is about five blocks away. The Port Authority is about five blocks away also (this is where Greyhound buses drop you off and pick you up!)… Subway Blimpie, and Starbucks next to the hotel. The Bread Factory was very good for breakfast, pizza, desserts, and sandwiches… They were well priced and cooked things in view of you…It is in the middle of most New York attractions.Breakfast Breakfast at the hotel was okay. Their waffles are really good, you make them fresh in the waffle iron and wait 2 and half minutes for it to be done on a timer. It’s pretty neat.There was cereal, fresh whole fruit, hard boiled eggs, bagles, coffee, juice, toast, bacon and English muffins. There were also eggs (I think it was egg beaters) and sausage that were really yucky…. I don’t recommend the eggs especially…. Tasteless….. Services The internet at the hotel was really fast. You can log on wirelessly and their office chair in the room is leather and pretty comfy to do your work. There are a lot of workers at the front desk who are very helpful! Special thanks to Kayla who was sweet and very hospitable… They gave me directions almost everywhere…. They will print them out for you and give you suggestions of places to go, make arrangements for you to be picked up and dropped of from the airport (JFK). You can arrange for a limo to have six people picked up from the airport for about 130 plus toll which is 4.50 and tip. We booked too late and ended up with a bus. For our ride back to the airport, it was 65 dollars for three of us in a big SUV… We chose to go with a service because we had a lot of luggage and the rate from you hotel to the airport in a taxi is not a flat rate but your ride from the airport to the hotel is. The taxi ride from the (JFK)airport to the hotel is a flat forty five dollars. There is a nice little gym and a small room for business in case you didn’t bring your own computer and printing is free. They will keep you luggage before and after you check in until your flight time for you with luggage tags so nothing gets lost. I had my laptop there and everything. We arrived at 7:30 A.M. and went to Top of the Rock (which I highly recommend, worth the 17.50 because it beautiful, warm and has the best view in all the attractions) and came back to the hotel at 3 to check in. When we were going to leave they had our bill under our door for us and we left our luggage at 9:30 A.M. so that we could go to attractions and picked it up at about 2:00… We were going to Canada from New York and it takes about 40 minutes to get to the airport because of all the traffic.Activities While we were in New York we went to Top of the Rock, Brosdway Show (Curtains, a berlesk show), shopped in Chinatown (Canal Street), Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, Jeckyll and Hyde Restaurant, Day trip to Atlantic City, Times Square, Walking Central Park Tour, Lips Restaurant(Transvestite Hosted Restraurant), Stomp, Natural History Museum, 5th Avenue, and shopped a lot… The best souvenirs were bought in Chinatown where shot glasses are only two dollars each as well as I love NY T-shirts. Our day trip from Atlantic City took was a great experience. The bus tickets were only 31.00 dollars and , if you get off the Greyhound at Tropicana, the give you twenty two dollars cash and then your trip only ends up costing nine dollars round trip! Everything I did was a great experience. I will write about the other attractions on the attractions spot. I strongly recommend Lips.. The hostesses were really fun. We went on Tuesday night, Karaoke Night. I loved it! The food was pretty good too. We had appetizers. If you like Halloween places, Jekyll and Hyde was a cool dining experience and is close to 5th Avenue.	
Apr 8 2007 	Best hotel for the best price in Manhattan	My husband and I have been to NYC several times and I've never stayed anywhere better - and at such a good price! When visiting NYC again, we will definitely stay at the Wingate.Our room was well-sized for a Manhattan hotel; very clean and well-decorated. Everything looks just like the pictures on their Web site. The location is great for accessing the subway and Penn Station, and is in walking distance of many major shopping areas. It is located in the Garment District, so there aren't a ton of local restaurants, but that's a minor detraction. (I do recommend Lazarro's on W. 38th St. between 7th and 8th for a nearby, casual Italian restaurant with good pizza.) What impressed us the most about the Wingate was how efficient they were and how many amenities were included in what was (at about $263 a night, *including* tax) a very inexpensive rate for an above-average Manhattan hotel. All of the following were FREE or inclusive: bottled water in our room every day; wireless and wired internet access in the room; a business room downstairs with an internet-ready computer plus printer; access to a small but good gym downstairs; and a warm and cold breakfast buffet. We also had a mini-fridge, microwave, and coffee maker (with free coffee) in our room. Plus, the hotel is very accommodating when it comes to storing luggage (both before we checked in - as we'd arrived early, and when we checked out - as we had an evening flight). All in all, the hotel was everything you'd expect to find in an above-average business hotel - but it was pretty amazing to find it at that price in Manhattan!	
Apr 8 2007 	Very Good	My wife and I stayed at the Wingate for 4 nights. This was our first visit to NYC. The location is excellent. Close to most tourist attractions and the subway. The Hotel room itself met all my requirements (ie. clean, big room, fridge/microwave, coffee maker, good TV, comfy bed). The free breakfast was above average. Probably the best complimentary breakfast that I have had at a hotel. The only issues we had were: the window in the room would not totally lock closed, thus allowing some street noise in. We had ear plugs with us so it didn't bother us but would have been an issue otherwise. The computer in the business centre room was down for two days, thus not allowing me to print off Yankee tickets that I bought online. The front desk staff were not that friendly or that helpful (could not call me a cab on our departure and did not give me a summary of our charges upon checkout, I had to go back and ask for one). The bellman was very good and friendly as were the cleaning staff. Overall, we really liked the Wingate and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great room great location new building and rooms	Great room, great location, new building and rooms. Breakfast was a little crowded, but we waited till it was ready to close like everyone else. Close to Times Square, Penn Station, Broadway, and all the attractions. We would definetly stay here again.	
Apr 5 2007 	Good lodgings on a scuzzy street	It's a rare thing in New York to find a new-build property, and with the vermin infestation, dirt and decay in anything seemingly built less recently, I made the Wingate my first choice. A 3 night stay in a King room in March 2007 ran out at $845 including all taxes, breakfast and so forth - which is not bad by Manhattan standards, criminally expensive by any others.It's important to realise this is a limited-service property, the front desk doesn't operate like a five-star concierge and the rooms are based on Wingate's experience of designing out-of-town and on-airport business motels.I did get a large clean room with plenty of space for my luggage, shopping and belongings. There was evidence of repainted patches on the ceiling and walls which suggest that maintenance will eventually become an issue, but for now everything's nearly-new. The flat-screen TV was big enough for bedside viewing, clear and functioning, the air con seemed to work to a temperature of my choosing, and the bathroom was modern but not lavish. The bath is too shallow for a soak in the tub and the power shower is one of those cunning air-mixed nozzles which actually delivers less water but in a turbo format which leaves me a bit cold. It's environmentally-friendly, but also cheapskate, and at $300 a night I'd quite like to be drenched in hot stuff.Bathroom soapies are poor (no bath/shower gel) and not changed daily, but the sheets and towels were certainly replaced, and after a little cajoling the front desk found me two feather pillows to replace the foam bricks which are supplied as standard. Thanks to other reviews, I knew enough to request a high floor, but even on the 16th level, I heard the garbage trucks at about 6am. With only six rooms to a standard rectangular floor plate, they're virtually identical in size so choosing one at the back wouldn't necessarily get you a smaller space. The view at the front is only across the street into dull office buildings, so not much to give it an advantage.The hotel offers laundry service at high prices, but I took my stuff across the street to Bright Kim Cleaners at #254 W35 St and paid $2 each for perfectly-laundered dress shirts on a same day service. In at 10 back at 5. Why pack too many when it's this easy to get them washed?I enjoyed the buffet breakfasts, but it really is self-service and you may quickly tire of toasting your own bread and making your own waffles in a city awash with delis, cafes, and bruncheries which will do it for you in a heartbeat.I arrived about 9pm and I have to say that this stretch of West 35th St, between 7th and 8th avenues is not the prettiest part of New York. It's an older part of the garment district with wholesale stores which keep short hours and are shuttered and a bit forbidding after dark. But no way would I think it unsafe. At night, and for women, it's perhaps nicer to approach the hotel from the 7th Av end of the street, rather from the rather dingy stretch of 8th Av at the other end. The location is great, the subway entrance is on the corner of 8th and well-connected to everything touristic or business-related, and you can spit to Macy's.	
Apr 4 2007 	Wonderful Wingate	Excellent location, over the street from Macys. Couple of blocks from Times Square, 5th Avenue, Empire State one block away. Hotel quite small but perfectly formed, rooms perfect for our needs, fridge, microwave &amp; coffee making facilities. Cleanliness was above average and nothing was too much trouble for the maids, even having 3 teenage boys in one room! We stayed in 2 rooms at the back of the hotel on the 6th floor and never heard any noise.Our only criticism was the breakfasts, the cold selection was fine but the scrambled eggs alarmingly were sent down in a bag (reconstituted) and one day we were served burgers for breakfast....... There seemed to be a problem keeping everything topped up eg fruit, yoghurts and cutlery. On the whole staff were helpful particularly the manager. This was our first visit to New York and we would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great stay	We arrived there Mar 13th and stayed through the 17th and had a good time. The rooms are smallish and it was a challenge to find a place to put luggage. The other negative was that the maid service was not great----our carpet wasn't vacuumed the entire time that we were there (there was something on the floor that I watched to see) and it was very obvious. The beds weren't even totally made after the maid was there---she did one, but sometimes not the other. Aside from those things though----it felt clean when we arrived and looked very new. It is close to transportation (although we weren't able to catch a taxi from that street---we had to walk to the end of the street) and it's not far to the subway, bus etc. It's close to everything essentially, so that was great. I thought the breakfast was good with choices of rolls, breads, eggs, bacon, cereals, hot cereals, yogurt, waffles, juices, milk, hot chocolate, coffee etc. Just make sure you are up in time---breakfast is OVER at 9!!! The book in our room said it went until 10, so we were surpised when we went down at 9:10 and it was already cleaned up. Overall, good stay and I would stay there again.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great location and great rooms	After some troubles with booking by internet we finally had a great stay at the Wingate. The location is top! The maids are doing their jobs absolutly perfect. The rooms are big! Only complaint about the room is, that the ventilation in the bathroom is much too loud and you cannot turn it off, only if you turn off the light. Overall we were happy with the Hotel even though the staff at the front desk wasn't very professional...	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Location	On a scale of 1 to 10-- Great location (7), nice clean rooms (7)and excellent staff (9), very helpful, Breakfast was OK (6). Stay - Mar 10-15,2007 booked on line $239.00 nt +taxes. Only a few blocks from Time Square and several Broadway Plays. Will pick this location again.	
Mar 17 2007 	Perfect stay in the heart of the Apple!	Very nice and prizeworthy hotel in the heart of Manhattan just close to the 7th Avenue.The room was nice and the beds was good may be the pillows was too hard.The only thing that was a little disepointment was the breakfast, very american and less continental (european) but ok.Good sevice att the frontdesk, good cleaning, nice gymnasium and internet facilities.We fell us safe!	
Mar 16 2007 	Couldn't ask for better	I stayed from March 12th through the 15th. The hotel is very nice and in great condition (of course it is brand new). The location of the hotel was great. 35th street between 7th and 8th. The metro is at the end of the block. Upon check in they advised us they had been having trouble with the room cards and sent a staff member up with us to make sure we got in okay. The card did not work so it was good to have the staff member with us. Upon coming back from a walk the first day the card did not work again and upon calling down from a phone they have by the elevator someone was there within minutes and there were no issues from then on with the key's. The room itself is very nice and the pictures of the rooms on the hotels website show it exactly how it is. The shower is decent sized and the bed was comfortable. As someone did mention in a earlier reveiw the temprature in the room was a little hard to manage, but it was easy to fix with a change in the thermastat. The breakfast in the morning was good considering most othe hotels in NYC do not have breakfast. The food you have was waffles, eggs, bacon, cereal, oatmeal, toast,bagels, english muffins, juices, coffee, tea, milk. Overall the staff was nice and housekeeping did a good job. 1 issue we did have was that we put in for wake up call in the morning. Well, the time came and went and we never got a call. Overall for the price, location, and condition of the hotel you could not ask for better. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 5 2007	Good value and well situated	Excellent value as others say. We arrived after the icestorm to welcoming staff. Some Friday night noise from the binmen otherwise a great weekend.HIgh sugar breakfast but thats the USA for you!Try the international deli across the road for a Dominican eat all you can buffet for $9.95 a head. We did not eat enough so only got charged for one person!	
Feb 12 2007 	The Wingate Inn Rocks!	Highly recommended. A pleasant surprise overall. Great price, great room, great bathroom and shower, everything in new condition, nice staff, great hot breakfast, complimentary bottled water, fridge and microwave in room, great location, great little hotel, very few rooms per floor surrounding central elevator for easy access, quiet while we were there although you might want to request a rear room so you don't hear street noise (garbage trucks 2 out of 3 nights we were there). Only problem was that heat/AC was hard to regulate in the room, so we just turned it off at night (even though 20 degrees outside) so that we could sleep without breaking a sweat. Overall, a great place. Maybe I shouldn't be soo glowing...maybe this should be kept a bit of a secret...	
Feb 6 2007	Wonderful Hotel	Recently me and a friend stayed at the Wingate Inn Manhattan Feb.1 thru the Feb. 4th (2007). I did not take any pics of the hotel because the photo's the hotel provides on it's website are exactly like the room when you check in. Our room was very spacious and our housekeeper went aboved and beyond her duty to keep our room tidy(we tipped her very well).The continental breakfast was superb with many hot items(bacon, waffles, eggs, toast, ect..). The staff was excellant and tried to help us with directions, places to eat and the night life. The only issue I had is the night of the theatre(went to see The Color Purple) we asked for a taxi to be called and the front desk politely told us they didn't have any affiliation with any cab company and could not call us a cab(not happy). We were told to walk down the street and hail our own taxi in heels and the rain.The hotel doesn't have any affiliation with restraunts, shopping or sightseeing either but they readily gave out that information(confusing).  The hotel is in a great location and everything is within walking distance.Me and my friend did enjoy our stay and I hope this review helps and we will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 5 2007 	Great new hotel	Just back from three night stay at the Wingate Inn and cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were all, without exception, very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is brand new, so everything is in excellent condition. The bedroom we had was a good size and the bathroom was bigger than any I have had in New York. The free breakfast is real bonus. And if you like shopping in Macy's (like us) then you couldn't find a better hotel! Will definitely return here.	
Jan 27 2007	Not too bad for a New York hotel	Good:- Location near Penn Station- Has alot of convenience stores- Food (Starbucks, Mac 24hours) but most closes ard 6pm- Shopping: Macy, 34th street has a few big malls, Old Navy, Forever 21- Wireless is free and fast.Bad:- Front desk service ignores request on transferring the phone over to my room for a couple of times- Room we reserved a SUITE room, but it was a normal King Size bed type of room instead	
Jan 26 2007 	Loved the Wingate NYC	I have stayed at several hotels in the New York City area and this by far was the best. Everything about the rooms were excellent. Beautfully decorated, spotless, flat screen TV's. The location was great. With-in walking distance to many area attractions. Staff was friendly and courteous and the continential breakfast was awesome. You don't get that anywhere in NYC. Can't wait to go back.	
Jan 22 2007 	Great value	I agree with the other Excellent reviewers: this hotel has a great location, is clean, with friendly staff, and at a good price. I strongly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 19 2007 	Really nice spacious clean......	Don't let the road where the hotel is based put you off, it doesn't look that nice, but it's absolutely fine and the central location is fantastic.We were allowed to check in early. The room was spotless, spacious and everything was brand new.There was a little noise, but you are a fool if you think that it will be silent anywhere in NY.Breakfast was fantastic, and served until 10am, not 9am. It was the only hotel that I found that offered breakfast free of charge. And the price was great, $240 for two people per night. That's not expensive for NY.Staff were friendly, would do anything to help. When we checked out we asked if we could leave our bags there for the day. There was absolutely no problem, and they didn't charge us for doing it.Overall, it was a great hotel at a great price. It's not luxurious, but it's everything else!	
Jan 15 2007 	Perfect	Reading various reviews and forum posts the general concensus is that when choosing accommodation in New York the priority is location and value for money. A common theme is 'so long as the room is clean ......' I thought that too until I found the Wingate Inn!!Location:Around the corner from Macys and close to many attractions. Subway close by - straight trip to Ground Zero and Century 21. We felt at ease walking around even at night (there were five of us).Accommodation:Considering we would have been happy with somewhere clean we were thrilled when the room was spacious (we had serious shopping to do), confortable and well equiped. The room had large wardrobe, a safe, a microwave, a fridge (empty for your stuff rather than a mini-bar) a coffee making machine, Flat Screen TV, clockradio, cordless phone. large desk with comfie leather chair, a chest of drawers, an armchair and footstool, two large comfortable beds, loads of pillows - and a cuddly toy ......(ok maybe not!!) The bathroom was large, great power shower. We didn't hear any street noise.Staff:From the moment we arrived to the time we left the staff could not do enough for us. We needed extra towels and got enough towels to have .... a towel party!! They were helpful with directions and suggestions and when checking out were very accommodating when some of us wanted to pay by cash and others by credit card.I wouldn't think twice about recommending the hotel to friends and would definitely stay there again.D	
Jan 10 2007 	Great location shame about the hotel	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 6 days from 30 Dec - 5th Jan 07. We arrived at 3pm but due to our room requiring cleaning had to wait an hour to checkin. This was because we had requested a room with a King size bed, rather then one with two double beds.The room itself ( room 502) seemed fine, clean and spacious for a NYC hotel with a large comfortable bed (I'm 6'4), plenty of space for our bags (as well as seeing in the new year we were here to do some serious shopping) and a large bathroom with shower/bath combo. The breakfast which was included was suprisingly good, typical NY fair, cereal, porridge, boiled eggs, waffles and vairous bready things as well as plenty of juice and teas/coffee. Although the downside is that it is only open from 7-9am so if you have had a late night or your body clock if having difficulty adjusting you may have problems getting up in time.The location itself is excellent, the area is known as the Garment district. The hotel is located on 35 West between 7th and 8th (useful to know when your getting a cab) and with 10 mins walf from Times square. There is a subway nearby (which we did'nt use) and Macys literally around the corner.Now for the downside, on our third night at the hotel we were woken up at 2am after suddendly noticing that the room was getting very cold. After checking the air con controller which we had switched off we could see thaat the vents were still blowing cold air into the room. So we called reception who said someone would be up in a few minutes. 30mins later and my wife and I getting v cold I went down to reception to see what had happened. The employee agreed to have a look at the problem. After fiddling around with it for another half hour he could'nt seem to fix the problem and his only suggestion was that we put the thermostat to blow hot air!!We insisted that he change our room (by now it was 3am) so he came back with key cards to a room on the floor below and disappeared, not offering to help us move our luggage.The new room (401) had 2 double beds which were too short for me and due to the 2 beds the room was much less spacious, but the air con seemed to work properly.The following day when we came back to our room in the early evening we noticed that it had not been cleaned, so we rang reception and after explaining this requested some towels, which did'nt arrive and once again I had to go down to reception and ask for them in person.On the day before we left I requested a service car to collect us from the hotel and take us to the airport at 4pm the next day. Guess what 4am that morning we get a call saying the car is waiting!! The car which came at the correct time then charged us $69 for the journey which shocked me since two years previously we were charged $45.Overall as you can probably guess I would not recommend this hotel. The staff although friendly don't provide the level of service I would expect.	
Jan 9 2007 	Very Nice!	Newly constructed hotel is a major plus. Our room was very quiet, very clean, and roomy considering other hotel rooms in Manhattan. There was even a full vanity in the bathroom which is great for women travelers along with a mini-fridge and microwave. The staff was also friendly and helpful. We went to New York for an event at the Madison Square Garden, so the location was perfect ... only a block and a half away and Macy's only a half block away. I would stay here again in a heart beat and highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to stay in the ultra busy Times Square area.	
Jan 6 2007 	Excellent location friendly staff clean rooms	All the reviews here have said it all. Would choose to stay here again if I visit New York again. Location is excellent, with lots of subway lines at the doorstop. Macys-Herald Square is practically just next door. We walked almost everywhere, to Broadway for musicals, to Times Square, Rockefeller, Empire State Building, Madison etc.Staff are very friendly and helpful. Hotel rooms are big and clean. Furniture and furnishings are new, since this hotel is less than 1 year old. Only hitch is that the breakfast room is a little small, can get super-crowded during peak breakfast hours.	
Jan 5 2007 	all you need in a hotel	i stayed in the wingate inn for 5 days during christmas NYE period, after a recommendation from a friend. It is in a perfect location just one block away from macys, near all the shops but the road itself is quiet so no loud noise.3 of us stayed in a room with two double beds, the beds were very comfortable and the room was spacious enough. It also had a nice large bathroom. Everything in the room and hotel in general was of very good condition, as the hotel is only 4 months old. Make the most of the free breakfast. Also there is free computer, printer, and phone (for local calls) in the basement. Staff were very friendly and helpful, I have no critiscms.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great Hotel!	Enjoyed our Holiday stay at the Wingate Inn. The front desk staff could not have been any nicer or more efficient. The room was very clean and while small, nicely appointed! Kids loved the gym and I was able to check my email in the office downstairs. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful. Great location. Highly recommended.	
Dec 13 2006 	Excellent Hotel		
Dec 8 2006	A Small Gem		
Dec 8 2006 	Great Hotel For Busy Tourists		
Dec 6 2006	Great Weekend		
Nov 12 2006 	Great Value		
Oct 26 2006 	Convenient clean very nice.		
Oct 18 2006 	ComfortableCleanConvenient		
Oct 8 2006	Great Stay!		
Sep 30 2006 	Brand New good value great location		
Oct 27 2009 	Il miglior hotel di NY per qualità/prezzo		
Sep 9 2009 	Bruyant		
Aug 16 2009 	Buen hotel a buen precio		
Jul 12 2009 	Viel erwartet - sehr enttäuscht		
Jun 10 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Apr 16 2009 	Excelente Hotel		
Apr 14 2009 	Très sympa		
Mar 17 2009 	excelente hotel en Nueva York		
Mar 15 2009 	besser geht es nicht!!		
Mar 4 2009 	Un horrible séjour!		
Feb 10 2009 	idéal et calme		
Jan 5 2009 	Moderno e confortevole		
Dec 1 2008 	Excelente!!!! Excelente!!!!		
Nov 26 2008 	Super hôtel		
Oct 28 2008 	Buona struttura !		
Sep 23 2008 	seconda vacanza al wyndham		
Sep 2 2008 	semplicemente perfetto		
Jul 12 2008 	großartiges Stadthotel im Herzen Manhattans		
Jul 6 2008 	Da consigliare!		
Jun 19 2008	Ruido y pésimo desayuno zona muy buena		
Jun 9 2008 	Einfach genial		
Jun 4 2008 	buona soluzione		
May 8 2008 	hôtel calme excellent rapport qualité prix très bien placé		
Sep 5 2007 	bon hotel		
Jul 19 2007	veramente ottimo!!! Consiglio a tutti!!!		
Apr 24 2007 	Bon Hôtel		
Oct 29 2006 	ottima posizione ottimo hotel		
