Nov 16 2009 	Reasonable value for money	We stayed for 6 nights in November 2009.LOCATION is perfect. All major sights in mid-Manhattan are within walking distance. Only 200 meters to the airport bus stop at Grand Central. Definitely 5 stars!The HOTEL is a bit old and worn out. It has a reception and rooms but no other services: no restaurant, no breakfast, no laundry service etc. However, everything is available at short distance from hotel. I would give 3 stars.We had a standard ROOM on the 14th floor with view over an interesting but ugly backyard, and the Empire State building! The size was ok, the bathroom quite small. Everything worked and was reasonably clean. The small kitchenette with refridgerator was nice. 3 stars.	
Nov 16 2009 	Value + Location	I went to NYC for a long weekend to visit some friends. Normally I stay with them, but they already had guests and easyclicktravel.com was offering a really great price. The location was the best part about the hotel - 2 short blocks from grand central station. The hotel itself was 'boutique' in style, but the rooms were much larger than most NYC rooms I am use to. I docked points for service and cleanliness - no big issues, just average. FREE internet! it was a bit spotty in the room, but great in the lobby.	
Nov 13 2009 	A rare bargain in Manhattan lodgings; excellent value.	You probably won't like the Bedford if you're used to 4 &amp; 5 star lodgings, and expect everything to be new, perfect, and with all the amenities. However, bargain hunters should be very happy here. Our room was spacious, relatively clean, and fine for our needs. Plus, a view of the Empire State Building. The carpets and furnishings were a bit worn, but the bathroom tile and fixtures were new. Overall I found the hotel cozy and charming. And the elevators were super fast and smoothe.We had 4 adults sharing a &quot;One Bedroom Suite&quot; which had a King bed plus two fold-outs in the living room, plus a tiny kitchenette (really only a fridge, stove-top, and sink). The only downside was the bath was off the bedroom, so no privacy. Good for a small family or very close friends. But the price made it well worth it.I was a little leary about staying right by Grand Central, with all the noise and traffic. The double pane windows kept the noise to a minimum (hey, all of the city is noisy). And we actually enjoyed the neighborhood: lots of good small eateries (delis, diners, Indian Thai, Cuban, Japanese) and shops. I highly recommend Scotty's diner around the corner for a great, large, inexpensive breakfast. There are other parts of town that are much more crowded &amp; difficult to even walk down the sidewalk.With Grand Central so close, get an unlimited Metrocard and you can get all around the city quickly, easily and cheaply. This is a fantastic location. I would stay here again without hesitation. The service was excellent. I had a couple of small problems which were resolved right away.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent! Would Use Again!	Had a 4 night stay in what I would describe as a huge room, 2 of us 2 double beds &amp; loads of space to swing a cat! We were in 1702 on top floor, room had windows on 3 sides &amp; a view from one room looked down towards the East River, location was great, everything touristy within walking distance. Booked directly with the hotel &amp; got a good deal which basically meant we had 3 nights for the price of 4, could not beat their price on any of the hotel booking sites, so well worth checking out the hotel site first imo.	
Nov 4 2009 	Awful	We must have stayed in a different hotel. It was awful. Noisy, dirty smelly room, carpet and decoration needed a good clean. Staff were abrupt and distracted. Would never stay here again. Location was OK though.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location room size helpful staff dominico's restaurant - will be back	6 of us stayed in 2 tower suites. Very spacious rooms, fridge, microwave &amp; coffee machine were great to have. Nellie &amp; Jasmine @ reception couldn't do enough for us - ordered personalised city tour, booked cars, limo's etc. Dominico's restaurant served excellent food - mid-priced. Nice bar there too where Laura remembered our drinks each day. We had stayed there for St. Patrick's Day earlier this year and were not disappointed with our stay again @ Hallowe'en. Right beside Grand Central, 5 blocks from Macy's &amp; Empire State Bldg, 1 block from Chrysler Bldg. Great location, great deli's too - Gourmet Deli turn right out of Hotel and left @ traffic lights - on opposite side, 2 minutes from hotel - really good for breakfast and buffet all day. This is an older hotel but definitely worth a visit. Well done and thanks to the staff.	
Oct 21 2009 	Very good	Room clean and very confortable.Excellent position: only five minutes by foot from central station and less than fifteen minutes from time square.	
Oct 15 2009 	Xmas shopping spree	Cheap and cheerful hotel in an excellent location in central Manhatten, highly recommend for budget breaks, xmas shopping in heart of New York and everything in between. Very nice family Italian resturant close to hotel aswell	
Oct 7 2009 	If you want to stay in the 'centre' of New York then this is the place!!!!	We received good service and advice from the front desk staff in the hotel, the room was excellent with a view of the Empire State Building to die for! Very spacious, cleaned daily and with small kitchen facilities including microwave / coffee perculator, kettle and cutlery. When showering we found that it often took around ten minutes to get hot water but a great little bathroom for two and worth the wait! The location of the hotel is brilliant! Just 2 minutes from Grand Central Station (Subway System) and by far the fastest, cheapest &amp; easiest mode of transportation throughout Manhatton, get yourself a 'Metrocard' day or week pass from the stations vending machines or ticket desks and enjoy the colour coded tracks to all areas of M.Hatton. The city is very safe, just try to avoid the subways from around 2am. till 5am....just in case. We walked absolutely miles each day &amp; night and never encountered any hostility from anyone, in fact we received loads of help and friendly advice from all the locals we spoke to on the streets and in the shops and bars, on foot is the best way to soak up the atmosphere of the city allowing you discover some fantastic street entertainment and cool shops. Hungry? then leave the hotel, turn right and 30yds. or so on the corner (East 40th &amp; Lexington) is a restaurant called 'Blooms', great breakfast and reasonably priced, or if you want 'cheap &amp; cheerful' 24hrs a day then try 'Scotties' on the next corner (East 39th &amp; Lexington). The Empire State Building and The Rockefeller Centre are only a ten min. stroll away and are only two of over 55 attractions you can access for free with a New York City Pass ( see www.newyorkpass.com for details &amp; prices) it's well worth the fee and you can queue jump with it too! If you like bargain designer label shopping then try the 'Century 21' store near the World Trade Centre, or if in 'Little Italy' you MUST try the Grotta Azzurra Ristorante on 177 Mulberry St. (aka. 387 Broome St. or check out www.bluegrotta.com) where we had the best meal ever, definately one of the highlights of our trip. Overall we just loved the hotels location and would recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, clean base for exploring the best 'happening' city in the world!	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location comfy-style boutique hotel in Mid-Town Manhattan!	Location: Perfect spot in mid-town Manhattan, just two blocks from Grand Central Station (which is handy cos it only costs only $15 per person on bus from JFK Airport!) or flat rate taxi fare excl. tips costs $45.... ).,,, journey time is approx. 40 mins)The Room: We booked a deluxe twin-room directly with the hotel, but upon arrival we were upgraded to a junior suite upon arrival!! No reasons given, no questions asked....loads of room with sitting room, kitchenette, spacious bedroom, bathroom, two wardrobes, safe etc).Hotel: Very relaxed atmosphere, very accommodating staff at front desk, are always willing to offer help and advice on best sub-way stops, shows, locations etc! We never had time to try the Italian restaurant next door but it looked liked it had a good vibe!Eating Out: There are numerous cafes and deli outlets nearby to choose from for breakfast and early lunchtime.....I would recommend the great selection of food outlets located at basement level at Grand Central Station....again just two mins from the hotel!! Grand Central even has an Oyster Bar.....all tastes are catered for.....later in the evening chedk out Campbell''s Apartment on the upper level to escape from it all and enjoy a cocktail or two in a chilled-out and relaxaing atmosphere.,,,before heading Downtown!Night-life: Hotel is in mid-town Manhattan, and there are a number of bars nearby, but get taxi downtown to Greenwich Village or Soho or Meatpacking District, if you're looking for late bars!On a final note: Check out www.foodsofny.com for the New York City Food/Cultural Walking Tours!!! These are three-hour food/.culture trails of best parts of New York - from Chinatown, Grennwich Village, Soho to Chelsea/Meatpacking District!For shopping: You're in the middle of it all!!! But for something different, head to Soho, either by taxi or take the 6 subway to Bleecker Street.....a stone's throw!! Enjoy the NY experience!! And what better way to discover NY than mid-town at the Bedford!!	
Sep 20 2009 	This is the place!	This hotel is outstanding! It's now my place to stay in NYC.Since moving from NYC in 2007, I've returned several times and stayed in a string of over-priced, impersonal hotels.The Bedford Hotel is located just two blocks from Grand Central. Walk out the door, take a right and just a few steps away on the corner is the best budget restaurant in the city. Bloom's Delicatessen has great food and service, with prices starting at $5.50. You'll love their big breakfasts with unlimited coffee.The hotel itself is small,cozy, attractive with an outstanding reception crew. My room was clean, cozy with a great bed. You're just a block from Lexington Avenue which is lined with all kinds of coffee shops, pizarrias, eateries. You can walk to Broadway and Times Square in just minutes.I'm happy I chose the Bedford--and no, I'm not a member of the staff.	
Sep 8 2009	Great Location Friendly Staff!	I stayed at the Hotel Bedford on a School trip with a group of around about 30. We came from England and after a long flight, wanted no hastle putting our bags in our rooms and going checking out the city. We got given our keys straight away and the lifts took us to our rooms, and they were perfect. Kitchen area, bathroom, two televisions with channels. The rooms were cleaned daily and clean towells, bedsheets were provided. The staff were friendly, and enjoyed a good laugh and always had a smile on there faces. There are some reviews on here which I feel are quite frankly, far from what I experience. For the price we payed, this hotel is great. With a nice diner next door for you to enjoy a breakfast, and a footlocker round the corner. It was great location wise. For New York, the room was incredibly large. Thanks for a great trip.	
Jul 9 2009	Great Hotel friendly staff and wonderful location.	A fantastic hotel if you want friendly helpful staff, an excellent location) within easy reach of all the main attractions, and a safe area to stay in.We had lots of friendly advise from the Reception girls in particular and we were made to feel very welcome. The Italian restaurant next door is excellent. The hotel is suitable for all ages and is within easy reach of great bars, restaurants and Grand Central is only a few minutes walk away.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Central Location	The service we experienced was very good during the stay here. The hotel is very close to Grand Central Station so ideally placed for visiting other areas of New York.We got to stay in a suite near the top of the hotel so we had our room and a large dining/sitting area with a good view over Manhattan.The rooms were not ultra modern but were clean. We would recommend this hotel for a stay in New York.There was no restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty of places to eat nearby so you will hardly notice!	
Jun 2 2009 	Absolutely Brilliant	We stayed for 10 days from April 16th to the 26th 2009 and we got treated like royalty as soon as we walked in, they loved our scottish accent! haha! We got checked in straight away and they helped us in with the luggage to the 11th floor! When we walked in to the room, I was surprised as it was very spacious and to make the whole holiday, we had a spectacular view of the Empire State Building from our window...............phenomenal! The bathroom was brand new and the shower was amazing! Clean towels every single morning (and we were there for 10 nights) and they clean sheets on the bed every day aswell! Well wot can I say about the location, top notch I think! We were right next to Grand Central Station, and so central to everything. 5-10 mins walk to Time Sqaure which is nothing and we were so close to the Chrysler Building aswell! We had the time of our life in NYC and I would defo recommend this hotel to anyone. Before we went we read a couple of reviews and they were okay, but not great, so we were expecting it to be quite bad, and I THINK IT WAS BRILLIANT! We are coming back next year aswell to the same hotel, and we told the staff and they said they look forward to it! One word....................AMAZING	
May 26 2009 	NOT TOTALLY SATISFIED	Convenient location &amp; the staff was nice &amp; helpful. However, the rooms &amp; furniture need updating. Too noisy. We would not stay there again. The kitchenette was not inviting, The bed was like sleeping on cardboard. The carpet was very old . The television reception was good, but channel selection was limitted at best..	
Apr 27 2009 	great location	We were a family group,ie parents and three children aged 16 and twins aged eleven. When we booked in January for six nights we requested two suites beside or adjacent to each other ie on the same floor. However when we checked in at 3.45pm we were informed that the only rooms available were one on the 7th floor and one on the 12th floor, that nothing else was possible as the hotel was full. We reluctantly accepted this as accomodation had been paid in full in advance and we were informed that the next morning we could have two rooms on the same floor. We were allocated two rooms on the same floor the next morning but neither had a double bed as requested in our original booking. Rather than have to move again we settled for this as we had a lot planned to do in New York and didn't want to waste time packing and unpacking again.Apart from this hassle we were very satisfied. We had booked with an agency, maybe if we had booked directly with the hotel we wouldn't have had this problem.	
Apr 19 2009 	Dont go! the staff is horrible!	the best thing is the hotel is its location. The hotel is old, the staff is horrible they are rude, regular, with all the passengers share this view. They never responded to anything. There are many choices to go.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good value for money but somewhat run down	I went to New York together with my 17 year old daugther for a girls' winter break. I chose the Hotel on the basis of price, location and the TA reviews of which some were disappointed, some quite happy. First the good news:The location is first rate. Five minutes from Grand Central and in walking distance from Central Park, Empire State Building, Times Square. And quiet (by N.Y. standards!)! Breakfast is included in the form of vouchers for a (large!) continental breakfast, including fresh orange juice and coffee ad lib, to a very nice diner two doors down. There is a small kitchenette (a cupboard, really) with a fridge, coffeemaker and plates and cutlery, so that you can eat in (which we did twice). There is a very nice italian restaurant next to the hotel. The bathroom has all amenities and is suppplied every day with sumptuous towels and bath accessories (even conditioner and body lotion). The shower was hot (so no fear of legionella!) Beds are good, good mattresses, nice pillows and sheets. The room had a free WiFi, safe, ironing board, trouser press and hairdryer. Now to the drawbacks: The room was clean, but not overly so. It really needed a thorough renovation, but apparently they are doing the hotel up floor by floor, at least there were lots of carpenters and painters in the elevator always. The cold water had a peculiar smell, so we did not drink it (we brushed our theeth in it though, and none of us got sick). The heating seemed to be controlled from outside the room, as the very old radiator was very hot during the day and cold in the morning. We sometimes had to open the windows (which was difficult) to get some cold air into the room. We did not complain about it though. The staff was kind enough when approached, but seemed generally a bit disinterested.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good Location	The Hotel Bedford was the base for my colleagues and I during a recent business trip to New York City. The location is great, just a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station and Blooms Diner across the street is a great place to go for breakfast.The room was a mini suite, with separate bed and living room with a TV in each. The bathroom was small but the shower great. The living area had tea/coffee making facilities and a small refridgerator and microwave. Reception staff were very pleasant and our check in/out was prompt. Only drawback was that when we checked out, we were on an evening flight and so left our luggage with the hotel. It was all tagged up and we were given reclaim tickets, but when we returned in the late afternoon the bags were all sat there in exactly the same position and clearly had been sat there all day - not exactly the height of security.	
Jan 5 2009 	Decent place to stay	We are a family of five (3 girls) and stayed at The Bedford for 3 days after Xmas. Having read all the reviews I would have to go along with many to say the location is very good for the price.It does not have the comforts of a usual business hotel but is comfortable and clean for a short stay so no room service etc.. We personally found the bathroom OK, and the lift were fine.Breakfast at Blooms is good but if you want a better experience then turn right down Lexington and it's the corner of the street that takes you to The Empire State (they also do dinner).A benefit is being close to Grand Central station as it was a convenient 5 mins walk from the airport bus and has many food outlets in the builing.It was not too cold outsidewhen we visited but had constant hot water and heating in our room. We would recommend it to anyone and would stay there again despite a cockroach landing on my wife during our stay (this coul probalby happeny anywhere).	
Jan 5 2009 	Location Location Location!	Only two blocks from Grand Central Station, very reasonably priced. A baby crib was promptly delivered to our room on request. The bathtub was awesome, and the hotel's soaps &amp; shampoos are very nice. We will certainly be staying at the Bedford again!	
Dec 28 2008 	A decent option in NY	The lobby is small but nicely decorated. The staff upon check in was having a bit of an argument with another couple that were guests. The manager(?) was a little more blunt with them then I would expect but in the end resolved the dispute in a manner favorable to the guests. The staff was great with us. Every request met with a smile and prompt action. The hallway on our floor was narrow, what one might expect from an old NYC building. The room was smaller than most standard hotels but again, old NYC building and wasn't cramped. The room was clean and had a fridge (a bit more room in it than most hotel fridges), a microwave, and coffee maker. Nice bathroom and roomy closet. The bed was very hard. Not a real good quality mattress. However, it was not unsleepable. The rates for this hotel are lower than typical NYC hotels, especially in the area this hotel is located in. This hotel is located in a very safe area of the city and nearby many points of interest. Overall, a great value in NYC with adequate to above average accommodations. We are from NJ, were in the city for a Holiday Party and decided to make a romantic night of it in the city. This hotel worked great to do that. We will definitely stay here again for the same reason.	
Dec 22 2008 	Decent hotel for location/price	I found this hotel a week before my stay on Kayak for a very reasonable price (for New York). The room was clean, reasonably sized (for New York), and the lobby staff were pleasant. The king-sized bed was super firm, although the sheets were somewhat lower quality than I'm used to in hotels of this category. The room also had a fridge, microwave, and coffeemaker, although I didn't use any of them. The only thing that was a bit of a problem was the noise from outside. Even though it was winter, I had to turn the A/C fan on to drown out the noise of all the sirens and horns honking on the street below. I only stayed for one night, so this wasn't a huge issue, but if you are staying for longer and don't plan to be up all night partying on the town, you may try finding out if one side of the building is quiter than another. (For what it's worth, I was in room 1210).	
Dec 17 2008 	Great location friendly staff ok accommodations	Rented a 1 bdrm suite w/king bed - excellent size. Hide-a-bed was outdated and uncomfortable to sit on as a couch. Not enough pillows (only 3) and NO wash cloths. Staff were accommodating with the requests for extras, but I hated having to continue calling. Room was adequately clean, but needs sprucing (painting, coffee table looked like someone took a bite out of the corner, etc.). Excellent water pressure which is a must in a hotel for us. Didn't like having no control over heat, but could open windows and plug in and turn on window a/c units which was a plus. Kitchenette could have been much improved by the additions of a microwave and dish soap (so we could have washed our own dishes), but still nice to have it at all. Having a small table and chairs in room instead of the desk or the stuffed chair would add a lot more...didn't like eating a meal on the coffee table. All staff were very friendly and accommodating. When we arrived in our room it had a queen bed and when I called the front desk they promptly moved us to a room with a king with no problem. This is not a fabulous hotel, but with the location and the price I gave it 4 stars because you can't beat the value. (We paid $255 the week before Christmas which for a one bedroom suite in midtown is unheard of!) Really enjoyed the location...very close to everything but just enough off the main drag. The Thai restaurant around the corner (Red Curry) on Lexington was cheap and had decent Thai food (and they deliver if you want). The deli /restaurant on the corner of 40th and Lex had decent, reasonably priced food for the neighborhood and very friendly staff. Oh, and one of the best slices of REAL cheesecake I've ever had. Only two blocks to Grand Central was a big plus. The deal with the parking garage was $24 per day.	
Dec 17 2008 	fantastic location	my mum and i stayed at the hotel bedford from 3rd- 7th of december 2008the good the best part of the hotel is the location, turn right at the top of the street and go straiight for two blocks and you are at grand central, you are also walking distance to the main attractions.our room was fine , not fancy but perfect for what we wanted, the beds were comfy, the bathroom was nice with the biggest sink i have ever seen and once the radiators were switched back on, nice and warmthe not so good the safe in our room didnt work so we had to put our valuables in the reception safe, the staff ranged from friendly to bordering on rude, the tv channels were rubbish and the lifts were not working one day - also the view from our window was rubbish they also insisted they didnt have internet access for us to book in online which i find hard to believe but they directed us to a internet shop a few blocks awaythey also arranged for a car to take us to the airport, it was more expensive than a taxi but was worth it as it was a comfy black car overall i would stay here again	
Dec 15 2008 	Great place to stay!!!	My self and a group of friends stayed in the hotel over November/December. We stayed in 2 suites which were roomy &amp; comfortable, it wasnt the Hilton, but we didnt pay Hilton prices! What a great hotel!!Its very central to EVERYTHING, the staff were very helpful &amp; friendly to the point of as soon as we arrived in our room a maintainance guy came to to check a leaking heater, it had leaked on the floor and told us he would get us another suite without us asking for one!! They also have people to hoover lampshades!! Quality!! There was a hot pipe runing through the bathroom but its high enough for little people not to touch it and bigger people to realise what it is!I would definatley reccomend this hotel!! If i ever come back i will stay here again!	
Dec 11 2008 	Absolutely fine	Stayed in this hotel end Nov/early Dec 2008 for 5 nights. The room was fine - a bit old but clean all the same. The bathroom, again was really old with quaint old fittings in it, but again very clean. Although there was a really hot pipe running from floor to ceiling behind the door, with no warnings on - it might be a bit risky if you had children. There was a safe in the wardrobe which was a bonus. There was no microwave in the kitchen area - but all we used in here was the fridge anyway - it was great to have. This hotel advertises itself as having complimentary wireless internet. The service on this was terrible, it dropped the connection constantly. I even resorted to trying it out in the hallway one day, but it was just as bad. In my opinion, even if they have to charge for it, they should upgrade to a much better service.The location was excellent, only about 5 streets across from the start of Times Sq and a 15 minute walk from Macy's. One of the days I heard a guest say to the bellman &quot;You people are all so grumpy today, did you all get out of the wrong side of the bed&quot; To be honest, I thought they were like that every day!!! They were helpful, just not particularly friendly. We never ate at the hotel. We did get take-out one night from the diner on the corner - menu was in the room - and it was fine. There was also a lovely cosy little lounge by reception with a nice Christmas Tree!	
Dec 1 2008 	Old and Misrepresented	I was very disappointed in the Hotel Bedford. I had booked my reservation on the website and the price was 245.00 per night. I did not keep a copy of the confirmation. My stupidity. When I arrived they did not have a record of the price of my reservation and I ended up paying 435.00 a night for a suite and for the price I paid, it was terrible. The light was flickering when we entered the room that looked like it had not been renovated since the 1800's. We had two pull out twin beds and one of the beds headboards was down by the floor on one side with a thin mattress that had poles you could feel the whole night long. The bathroom needed to be painted and the window was open without a screen. I also found a hair on my spread and my friend found a hair on her flat sheet. This is only the beginning.	
Nov 11 2008 	Superb Location	Picked this Hotel based on cost and previous reviews. We was not disappointed. The location is ideal being only 2 blocks from Grand Central Station and in easy walking distance of many of main attractions.Clean throughout, towels changed daily, staff helpful, good size room but bathroom dated and in need of decoartion - but hey it was clean and acceptable. Didn't have a view but what do you want for your money - we were out most of the day &amp; night. Nice to be able to open windows and get some fresh air. Summary - a good well positioned hotel at attractive rates.	
Oct 31 2008	Great Location Service and Rooms Ok	Stayed in hotel earlier this month.Good points- Rooms reasonable size, kitchenette includinig fridge,central location near grand central, walking distance from times square, rockefellar, empire state, central park (if ok walking 30 minutes) but off the main roads so quite.Bad points: no hotel bar, a bit dated, no electric kettle in room, rooms got hot in the morning, staff on reception helpful but bellboys not...wouldnt help us hail a taxi, didnt help with bags or directions. a bit noisy when a large school party stayed for the night.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good location	Stayed here in May this year for a week. Got a taxi from the airport but not a yellow one unfortunately - agreed a price but had to pay a toll on the way.The hotel was near Grand central - which was really handy. I would recommend this hotel - it was clean and tidy - no frills - but as far as I am concerned we are out all day - what more do you want.We could walk to Times Sq, Empire state and most of the sites, we got the metro to Statue of Liberty &amp; Ground Zero.We caught a bus back to the airport - it was situated just round the corner - across the road from Grand Central - it worked very well for us.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great stay!	The hotel was great. Close to Grand Central, so you can go anywhere. Wine &amp; liquor store and convenience store out front door go right and half block on Lexington. Hotel staff was very nice. Room was great, not fancy, but nice.  I suggest that you get your own taxi to the airport. The hotel called Mexicana Taxi for us and the girl tried to get us to pay for tolls that were included in the price. We never passed a toll on the way to the airport. She would not take my mother 2 blocks from US Air to Delta without a TEN DOLLAR ADD ON. Her van SMELLED terrible. BLACK ICE air freshener that will give you a bad headache in less than a New York minute. Stick with yellow cabs only!!!!!!! I would stay here again, but I get my own cab back to the airport.	
Oct 11 2008 	Awful Hotel - Ruined our night in NYC. Totally Unprofessional.	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I expected the Hotel Bedford to be an acceptable hotel and a suitable venue for my girlfriend and I to relax on our one and only night in NYC after a week of travel around the USA. I couldn't have made a worse choice!Despite the fact I had a confirmed reservation guaranteed with my credit card I arrived at the hotel around 10pm only to be told by a rather agitated receptionist they had no record of my booking, everybody had already checked in and the hotel was now full. However, after 30 minutes of debating this it seemed a miracle had happened and some rooms might be possible but sadly at a yet to be disclosed higher price. At this point I was highly suspicious so I said &quot;no problem, I'll go to another hotel&quot; but before leaving I requested some kind of written confirmation from the reception I had tried to use my reservation and they wouldn't charge my credit card for a &quot;no show&quot;. Funnily enough the chap at reception suddenly became rather aggressive and point blank refused to give me anything. The story now changed and he said he'd &quot;do me a special favour&quot; and give me a room reserved for a corporate client that was yet to arrive but I'd have to pay a much higher price - strange seeing as he told me on arrival everybody had already checked in. At this point I felt like I was being held to ransom so I refused his kind offer and said for me there were only 3 options: 1: I have my room as booked for the agreed price of &quot;only&quot; $295, 2: No room, so I have a written confirmation they won't charge me for a no show, or failing this 3: I'll ask the 2 police officers at the foot of the road to witness the situation so my card wouldn't be charged.At this point the chap at reception decided he would disappear to &quot;the office&quot; for almost an hour only to return with yet another offer for a room at a higher price. I repeated my list and said he had another 10 minutes before I had no option but to leave. Amazingly just before this deadline a room had suddenly freed itself up and my reservation was found.It certainly wasn't worth the trouble! Instead of the one double bed the room had 2 of the most uncomfortable single beds I've ever experienced, the TV was ancient and only showed one channel with so much interference it was unwatchable, the wallpaper was peeling from the corners of the walls, the toilet seat was an interesting shade of dark brown at the rear, the shower was dirty etc... Basically the room was run down and very badly cleaned. However, my 2 hour check in was obviously rather tiring for the reception as he had vanished so there was no possibility for complaints so I had no choice but to accept this awful room. Overall this experience essentially ruined our night in NYC and if the attitude of the receptionist and the bellboy are anything to go by I suspect is kind of the norm for late check-ins at this hotel.An absolute disgrace for a hotel in this price range and a complete waste of an otherwise good location. Avoid!	
Oct 7 2008	I love this hotel!	Stayed at the Bedford for the second time during the first week in September. Pleased that the room had been upgraded .I love this hotel despite its shortcomings which are:a) Lazy porters who wanted a tip but would not brave the torrential rain on the day we departed and my son and I had to put the cases in the taxis ourselves. Incidentally the taxi driver was no better: he would not leave his cab at JFK!!b) Dated decor of rooms though I am nitpicking.I love it because:a) The pub across the road-Dillon’s Bar. Friendly staff and customers. Happy hour 5 days a week-no tips for the waitresses if you don’t want to. Get served at the bar.b) Everything you need is nearby-newspapers, delis, chemists ok drugstores,Grand Central, buses etcc) Efficient and friendly reception.d) 2 large rooms, given that I always take my 2 sons who like and I like them to have their own room/beds.e) No noisy neighbours-you can hear the street but only just and anyway I’m always too tired after pounding the streets of Manhattan.	
Oct 5 2008 	Good Hotel great location	Spacious rooms with a reasonable kitchenette. Fantastic location in downtown manhattan which was worth the $300 that we paid for. Walking distance to Times square from where all city tours are easily accessible. Staff were ok, not very friendly especially the doorman who seemed inclined to help only if we whipped our purses out first!! But we did enjoy our stay and would recommned this hotel for its great location and spacious rooms.	
Sep 25 2008 	Good location	The hotel location was good, just two blocks from Grand Central Station. We had a beautiful, huge room that had a mini fridge, microwave, table and four chairs! Amazing for NYC! But, the problem was the bed - it was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept on. It was like sleeping on a squeaky box spring.	
Sep 20 2008 	Offers what major hotels can't	We booked this hotel based on some research, trip advisor reviews and the rates. We actually tried to find another hotel because some of the trip advisor reviews had us worried, especially since it was my wife's first trip to New York, I wanted her to have the best experience possible. I'm glad we couldn't find another hotel!As soon as we stepped in the lobby we were impressed with the atmosphere, it is an older hotel lobby, but clean and well kept.We booked a regular queen room but were upgraded to a suite on the 15th floor. The room was beautiful. Very clean, remodeled, still had that older 60's feel to it at the same time. I believe the 15th floor is the only one that has a little balcony you can step out on and look around. The balcony is not big, just big enough to sit down for a cup of coffee, but a great view of the Empire State builiding, and look around the corner and there was the Chrysler building too!The staff was very friendly and helpful whenever we had a question.The bedford is literally a couple minutes walk from Grand Central and about 15 minute walk from Times Square. The taxi cost about $28 from La Guardia ($5 Tunnel fee....customers have to pay bridge and tunnel fees.) When we checked about a bus, it was $12/ea. for the same ride. A taxi to Times Square was about $11. There is a Starbucks right across the street and a Dunkin Donuts just a few doors from there on Lexington.If you are looking for a nice place to eat, not fancy, just good food, with friendly staff....go to Scotty's around the corner. We hadn't eaten all day and got back from the night tour from the city (10:30pm) and failed to get something at Times Square. It's family owned and open 24hrs. The food was made to order, not re-heated, made right in front of you. Great little diner with the neighborhood feel, seemed pretty popular with the locals, half the people knew the owner. Not sure about Bloom's, but Scotty's was small neighborhood prices with big plates of food.GREAT hotel, best value, we will return when we go back to the city.	
Sep 3 2008 	3 nights in august	The decision to stay at Bedford was based on previous reviews. All in all whole experience depends on the rooms got. Me and my colleague stayed at Bedford for 3 nights in standard queen on the 11th floor. This floor was recently renovated and the room spacious. Still there were some downsides like the kitchenette part was out of date and reception was not eager to answer the phone. The location was really good and nearby 24h small food store was convenient. Also when traveling out of NY, we were able to leave our suitcases for the night with no extra cost. As we have stayed at different hotels we were pleasantly surprised that our room was actually occupied with complementary wireless internet access.	
Aug 26 2008 	Terrible Hotel	After reading the reviews in tripadvisor, I was confident that the Bedford was a really nice place to stay in NY.When we arrived the room wasn't ready and we had to wait while other people who arrived later would pass right in front of us to get their rooms.We got a room in the third floor which had absolutely no view, nor air conditioned (just a device that was supposed to cool the air but didn´t work at all), the bathroom was very old and dirty and the safe wasn´t working. The overall looks of the room was very old and filthy. The refrigerator and the microwave looked like they had been taken from a garbage can.Our pillows and sheets were not clean, and we even had to ask for them to be replaced on one occasion (you can confirm in the pictures).Even the TV didn't work very well: the image was terrible, and very few channels. No LCD nor plasma Tv like in other hotels I've stayed in.The room didn't have double windows and the walls were very thin, so during the night we could hear the cars going by and our floor neighbors arriving from their city tours. When they flushed the toilet next door, the water in our own toilet began to bubble!!! What a nightmare...One evening they even took my night gown by mistake and I had to ask for them for the return.This is not a 3 star hotel. It is even worse than some motels and bed and breakfasts that I've stayed in, and a bit pricey for what it's worth: I payed almost 900 Euros for a double room (5 nights).I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone I know.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved this hotel	We have just returned from a great holiday in New York. Stayed at Bedford Hotel. Great location. Really quiet at night . Room large compared to other hotels we have stayed at in New york. Bed very comfortable. Loved the walk-in wardrobe and really appreciated the lovely closet that contained a fridge and 2 hob cooker with kettle. Hob little slow to boil kettle so put on before you have shower. Bedroom really nice. T.V. is enclosed in lovely cabinet that matches headboard. Bathroom really clean and looks like it has been refurbished very recently. Weather hot while we were there but our room AC was excellent. Really nice Deli nearby . We will go back to the Bedford again. Grand Central Station two minutes away. Access to most of city from there at very reasonable rate. Daily ticket available for 7 dollars and covers subway and buses all over city. Port Authority just few blocks away. Staff very helpful. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Stay At The Bedford	Stayed at the Bedford 27 to 30 Jul, 08. Fantastic little hotel in the heart of all the action in NYC. Euro style yes, but only as far as the lobby goes, but the one bed suites are simply huge. Plenty of space for a family of four, very comfy king size bed in separate room, two also quite comfy double size sofa beds in living room, and plenty of space to move around within room. Not so European then, as the tendency on the other side of the pond is for very small rooms. A good size fridge in room (not usual minibar size) for storing your own cold drinks (and beers!) and a small kitchenette area with stove, microwave, sink, coffee maker etc.Trouser press, iron, ironing board all in good working order. An AC that cools well, a must in NYC in the summer months! All in all, don't see the need to pay more (I paid 370USD per night inc taxes for this room, (its the third best in their 4 tier pricing of rooms) as after having checked out many many options, I couldnt find a bigger room with all these ameneties for under 600USD per night.Oh, and the icing on the cake must be the view of the Empire State Building, this if you are on or above the 12th Floor. Seemed to me the smaller rooms are from floor 2 to 10 or 11, the one bed suites from like 12 to 17 and the 'tower' suites above that. So, the higher you go, the more you pay!! Check out their website and you will get my gist.A great stay, a clean hotel and very friendly staff, and I would not waste my time surfing the web for other options if we go back to this wonderful city someday.	
Jul 30 2008 	a little gem in the heart of the city!	What a gorgeous hotel. The staff were so friendly and the girls at reception were more than helpful. 20 min walk to Times square. A block away from Grand Central Station. The room was lovely and had plenty of space. The only complaint I would have would be the air conditioning.....other than that, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in the heart of new york city. I would stay in this hotel again and will be telling my family and friends about it as well.	
Jul 5 2008 	Great Stay in the Big Apple	This was our second stay in New York City. The first time it was just my husband and myself and we stayed in a trendy boutique hotel on West 57th. It was very nice, but typically small according to New York City standards. This second trip our 2 adult children were travelling with us and after a lot of research I settled on the Bedford Hotel as it offered accomodations that would work with 4 adults without having to reserve 2 rooms, very costly in NYC. I was not disappointed! The living room (with 2 twin sleepers) was a very nice size and the bedroom with King size bed was also roomy and the bed was very comfortable! It is an older hotel but was clean and conveniently located within walking distance of Macy's, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station and many other tourist destinations. We were on the 10th floor and could go to sleep every night looking out the window at the lighted Empire State Building. Does it get any better than that?!?!We found the staff to be helpful without being intrusive. Our only 2 complaints were the first night there was very little hot water for showering but the situation was rectified the next morning and we had to request additional washcloths be left. All in all we found this establishment to be a great value and would definitely stay again should we return to New York City!	
Jul 5 2008 	Old but cosy and comfortable	Instead of a studioroom we received upon arrival a suite with a separate sittingroom, a small kitchen area, a bedroom with two beds, and a very small but clean bathroom. This was very convenient and comfortabel to us, althoug the view was not very much appealing, the bedroom view was obstructed by a stonewall, but had a second (flatscreen) tv and was very quite. We had free internet in the room, a coffeemaker and a small, very slow cooking unit, a fridge, and some tableware. We feeled happy with it.The hotellobby is in fact much too small for the number of rooms, but we never used the lobby, while the hotel was close to many attractions, restaurants, deli's and Starbucks to sit down and rest, also very nearby a busstation and Central Station, it was very easy to go anywhere you like, for example to the ferry and cruiseboats, Times Square and within walking distance of Macy's. The service in the hotel is good, friendly and cooperative. If we go to NYC again, we will choose this old but cosy hotel again,because it is hard to find a similar decent priced hotel in this area, NYC is an very expensive place to stay.	
Jul 3 2008 	Charming hotel	The Bedford is a lovely, charming hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Our room was spacious and having our own kitchenette was a lovely addition. The staff were incredibly friendly and courteous and organized our transport to JFK at the end of our stay.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who's looking for a nice, friendly hotel close to all the sights. I'd certainly stay here again on my next trip to The Big Apple!	
Jun 17 2008	Splendid Little Hotel	We have just spent four wonderful days in NYC. staying at the &quot;Budget&quot; Hotel Bedford.What a little gem this proved to be. We booked a &quot;Standard&quot; room through Trailfinders as it was our first visit to the USA.The room was more than adequate, spacious, clean, well appointed with a mini kitchen and a huge bed, room safe included and air conditioning that actually worked.The staff , although low key, were helpful and efficient and the location, just one block from the splendid Grand Central Station complex and about 25 metres from Lexington Avenue was excellent.The area is a haven of tranquillity yet only 10 mins walk from Empire State, Times Sq.and Maceys.We never felt anything but safe in NYC, no matter what the time of day and we were impressed how clean everything was, including the great value &quot;Subway&quot; system ($25 for 7 days unlimited travel).There are some good value places for eating in the neighborhood, notably Blooms (25metres)for breakfast and the little Blimpi sandwich place next door is great value.For a great Dinner try &quot;El Pote Espaniol&quot; on 2nd Ave East 38th st and Fagolioni just around the corner on Lexington Ave East 39 th st.. Both of these establishments are frequented mainly by local clientelle.Overall a splendid , good value hotel, no frills,but functional, clean and very efficient!	
Jun 12 2008	ideal location	From the moment we entered the hotel we were made to feel very welcome by the staff giving us local information etcThe hotel is situated near to the grand central station and ideal for most locations in mahattan. Room was very clean and tidy with decent facillities not that we spent much time in the room as i wouldn't imagine anybody would want to in this fantastic city.And just to round it off you have an excellent bar one block away which my new wife seemed to take a very good liking to!! Peter Dillons place give it a try great beer and spot on bar staff.Overall a very good hotel in an excellent location and i will certainly visit again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Second stay at the Bedford	I like this hotel so much I could live there ! Not surprising as this was an apartment building before it was a hotel, hence the great size rooms, very ample storage , the kitchenettes and ( joy of joys ) windows that open.This was my 2nd. time at this hotel, last year I was travelling solo but this time with a friend so booked a suit. Once again great room size and storage ( HUGE by most NY hotel standards.)The large lounge had its own storage ( containing digital safe for your valuables ) in addition to that in the bedroom, 2 double sofa beds and a decent size mirror so it was easy to work around only having one bathroom. For this reason though you may not want to go for max. possible room occupancy if it is an all girl trip !Staff still as friendly and helpful as last time. Norman, (Mr. vacuum cleaner !) is a particulr favourite of mine. Yvette, our room service girl kept everything in tip top condition and anything we requested was dealt with immediately. Always plenty of hot water and fresh towels, although we did arrange that only the used towels ( left on the floor) be changed on a daily basis. As other postings have mentioned there are great food options on Lexington and at Grand Central, check out the food market on the lower level. If you are going to the upper west side visit Fairways supermarket on Broadway and 74th. street, this should be a tourist attraction in it's own right ! This is also the area to buy wine at a sensible price ( base of Brooklyn Bridge also good value).Two things worth knowing about the hotel is that they do have a washer and a dryer for guest use, located in the basement, and , if you need a brolly ( umbrella ) just ask to borrow one at the reception desk.I can't wait to stay at the Bedford again, for my next visit I will be treating myself to a Tower Suit with a balcony.I hope the above is helpful for anyone travelling to NY.	
May 12 2008 	Great location 	My daughter and I stayed at the Bedford for three nights in May. Although the hotel comes up on all the regular sites, we also had it recommended by a friend who lives in the US.Staff were friendly and helpful (albeit inaccurate when it came to the Times Square ticket office hours). The twin room had comfortable beds, and we didn't lack anything.The room was a reasonable size, especially by NY standards. We didn't use the kitchen area much (fridge/microwave etc) but what we used worked fine and was clean.As for the bathroom, it was a little dated and would have benefited from more thorough cleaning/re-grouting in places, although it didn't feel &quot;dirty&quot;.The location was probably the best part. It's a couple of blocks away from 5th avenue, and easy walking distance to the Empire State Building, Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center etc. Grand Central was just one block away, and a real architectural treat - it's also not a bad place for breakfast, although the coffee shop/bagel place next door to the hotel is fine for grabbing a something on the go.One comment about booking this - I'd searched literally for days for a good deal, and tried all the usual sites. I found Quikbook offered the best rates with no tie-in, so v easy to cancel had a better deal arisen. I kept checking other sites, and nothing better came up, so we stuck with it. I e-mailed the hotel and they confirmed the rates (inc tax) before we arrived.	
May 7 2008 	Good value for money	The hotel is ideally situated to visit the whole of Manhatten - the subway is only a couple of minutes walk and cabs are everywhere!The rooms/suite was typical of a big city i.e. clean, functional but just starting to fade. However if you're only going to sleep there and maybe have a cup of coffee it's fine. I am not sure that I'd want to self cater but it is handy having a fridge so you can keep milk, drinks etc fresh. It is worth noting that there are a limited number of bars and restaurants nearby but it isn't too far to some more lively venues.Only one word of caution - if you book a cab through the hotel, make sure your receipt states that toll fees have been paid - it avoids arguments later.	
Apr 28 2008	Dublin Girls "Fabulous"	Just back from a week stay in the bedford with me and my sister, well what can i say the hotel is just lovely and the staff could not do more for you, it's cheep and very clean and a fabulous location you cant really ask for any better really... if i was going 2 N.Y again i'll defo stay at the bedford hotel me and my sister loved it..... enjoy your hols shop shop shop ;0)	
Apr 22 2008 	Perfect Once Again!	This trip we took kids instead of the usual all ladies trip. Everything was perfect! Even my Aunt was happy.The Bedford can't be beat for location and service. Bus services from the airports drop off at Grand Central which is just a few minutes walk away. I love the newly rennovated Tower Suites. My room allowed for a special night light - the glow of the Chrysler Building!We love eating breakfast two doors down at Blooms. The food court in Grand Central was a perfect spot to take the kids for dinner. Also located close by are ATMs, a drug store and a wine shop. The Bedford has nice, spacious refrigerators in the suites. We are already planning TWO return trips to NYC and of course this means staying at the Bedford. Both adults and kids agree!	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Hotel	Just arrived back from New York and felt it necessary to write a review for The Bedford Hotel in Manhattan. I found this hotel on tripadvisor and I must say it ticks all the boxes. Value wise it was quite reasonable considering the location so I was a little apprehensive before we arrived. I need not have worries though, the location couldn't be better. It's literally on the corner of Lexington and 40th street, two blocks away from the Chrysler building and only a few minutes walk from 5th avenue. We rented a suite and it was huge. Fresh towels every day and it was spotless. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Apr 3 2008 	GOOD VALUE	Having done EXTENSIVE research &amp; with the help,comments &amp; advice of Trip Advisor members,we decided to book the Bedford for 4 nights.It was clean,warm &amp; comfortable.Ideally situated with walking distances of 5 mins to Grand Central,15 mins to E.S.B. &amp; 20 mins to Times Square.Excellent base location.Whilst showing slights signs of age,the bed &amp; bath rooms could do with a little make up.Our room was on the third floor,inward facing with no &quot;outside&quot; noise at all.Being honest,negatives would be that the toilet flush wasnt repaired after being reported.The room safe didnt work even after we told that it would get sorted.Cups &amp; dishes werent washed for a couple of days.The toilet roll wasnt replenished.These are review comments not complaints,as they didnt spoil or ruin the great time we had on our first &amp; hopefully not our last trip to New York.Good value for money.Can recommend.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff	I arrived the 15 march 2008 at the hotel. The hotel is nearby Grand Central and at walking distance of some great sites.I was welcomed very friendly at the receptiondesk. After I got my my keycard a man carried my luggage to my room.I stayed at room 1201. The vieuw form the room wasn't great i looked out at the next building. But that didn't really bother me. I hear to visit the city not to begin birthwatching form my window.The room was clean and confortable. In the Bathroom there was a bath that also can be uesd as a shower.The room was cleaned every day by caring and friendly staff. There was a fridge, a macrowave and coffeemaker present in the room so you can make your own coffee or even breakfast.The room also had a safe to put our pasport or planetickets savely away. The day that i left (22 march 08) the check out was quick but correct and i was able to leave my bags in the hotel until i left for JFK.A downside were the nousy neighbours who were running throw the corridor and slamming doors at Midnight (But that as only one night the other night were peaceful and quiet).In General: Great Hotel with friendly and competent staff. If i return to NYC i'll choose the Bedford Hotel.	
Mar 30 2008 	OK	The hotel is not all bad nor all good. The price was on the low side and that was what we were looking for and also being close to the subway and attractions. We could look out the window and see the Empire State Building. We also saved by using the kitchenette for a few meals. The room was larger than we expected. The king size bed was comfortable. There was plenty of closet space. The bathroom was fine. The desk and chair was really nice.The area was still noisy to us, vehicles/cab honking horns around the clock. Also we could hear the people in the ajoining room even crinkle their shopping bags. There was annowing yelling early in the morning two mornings. It took a while to get hot water running when you wanted it. Housekeeping did not seem repetitive as to the services given your room. We stayed several days and saw something different from housekeeping each day. The clerks were not very helpful in advising you on airport transportation. They want to sell you a $20 pp limo service. Some one at the station told us locals just take the subway and a local bus for about $4 pp. We did and it worked fine.The location was very nice since we found reasonably priced meals nearby and found walking easy to area attractions.We will shop around before staying again. We do know what to expect from the Bedford.	
Feb 17 2008 	Cheap and good location!! But a COCKCROACH!!	We spent ages looking for the cheapest but cleanest with good location hotel in NY and found this. We were delighted with the location, 10-15 mins walk from Times Sq past the cute Byrant Park, and the price was fairly good compared to what you can pay, after all we wanted was a bed and a private bathroom.We got the lowest priced double room, we had a direct view into some ones apartment about a metre away from our window, but we didnt care because all we did was sleep in the room.Staff were ok, didnt bother too much with them to be honest.Unfortunately one morning i went for a shower to find a cockcroach in the bath tub!!! I could have phoned reception but i knew my boyfriend would have moved hotels and it was too much hassle so i just gave it a WHACK with my boot. I was far more careful after that and put all our luggage on the chairs and didnt walk around without shoes.Saying that however i am about to book for new year in the same place, as the location and price is hard to beat.If you want to be nearer restaurants and clubs, bars go further downtown, we were a bit too far away	
Feb 9 2008 	Customer Service terrible!	I stayed within this hotel over new year, i booked well in advance i.e 6 months before. When my friend and i arrived at the hotel our pre-booked room was not available! We had to stay in another room. Which was cheaper than the one we had paid for. During our stay an item was taken from our room which we had bought within the city. A full report had to be submitted to the hotel. The day we left we were told we would be contacted within 48 hours. It is now 6 weeks and i have still heard nothing. I have emailed several times regarding a refund for the wrong room and also a replacement item that went missing and the hotel have not had the common courtesy to reply! It seems that once they have taken your money they have no decency to contact the customer regarding outstanding issues!This put a real dampner on my trip, when i return to New York i will not be returning to the Bedford.	
Feb 7 2008 	Very Cosy!	Having researched extensively on the net for a good hotel, I went on the recommendations of Tripadviser and went with the Bedford - and we weren't disappointed. We called the hotel in person and asked for a renovated room and got room 1106 - a suite as there were 3 of us and it suited us perfectly. There was ample room, the beds were comfy, the bathroom was immaculate and it was toasty - too hot at times! The room was serviced every day although they slacked off on leaving shower gel etc after a few days! The porters were lovely but I found the reception staff gruff enough at times. There were a few delis, diners and a Starbucks in the neighbourhood, but we had to treck farther afield to find dining spots. That said, the location was great - a stone's throw from Grand Central and a few blocks from Times Square. Altogether, it was very comfortable, good value and in a fab location!Aine, Ireland	
Jan 12 2008	A good find in New York	We made a last minute booking at the Hotel Bedford, Murray Hill, just before leaving Australia in Dcemeber 2007, due to a change in our travel plans. It was great value. The room was spacious, clean and charming without being flash, the staff helpful and the location provided excellent access to everything. We then moved to a more expensive, pre-booked hotel, only to be very disappointed. Hotel Bedford would be our first choice in NYC in the future.	
Jan 6 2008 	Overall Good with minor problems	Overall this was a very good stay and we were very happy with a) customer service, b) cleanliness, c) room size and facilities, d) location near Grand Central was perfect and a quiet-ish/safe area. Staff did go out of their way to assist us.What they could have done better/difficulties:a) people including ourselves were complaining about the heat in the hotel which was overwhelming. Staff said they couldn't do anything about it and advised us to open the windows.b) the kitchenette was a let down, much smaller than anticipated. We had booked a smaller room as well, for friends, and we didn't get what we asked for...we were hoping for a room with a microwave but got upgraded when we didn't want/ask for it...not a big issue really.c) guests luggage left in the reception was too much of a hazard and looked messy - they hotel need to consider a safer/tidier are for them.d) cleaning staff let themselves in our room without knocking on the door...luckily we aren't shy!!	
Jan 3 2008	Great choice!	When my husband and I travel we look for the very best deals possible. Going to NYC, I thought we'd be out of luck on bargain hotel. After extensive (seriously obsessive) research for hotel locations, amenities and prices I stumbled upon the Bedford Hotel. The decision to book the stay was nerve wracking but I did it anyway after reading some good reviews on TripAdvisor. What a relief it was when we arrived! The public transportation from LaGuardia really was simple. The hotel is 2 blocks from Grand Central so the location was perfect. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon so the normally busy business district was quiet but there was a fabulous street fair a block away. We ate our dinner at several different ethnic food vendors. The rest of our week was very busy and having a cool safe place to return to for rest was such a blessing. So, for the actual review...the staff were so attentive and helpful. The desk clerk loaned us his umbrella on a rainy day! The lobby was beautiful and clean. The elevator worked great (yipee!), halls were well lit and nicely furnished. Our room was very roomy. The furnishings were nice and new. The bathroom was clean and the view was incredible! My husband returned to NYC a few months later and booked his stay at the Bedford with no hesitation and with the same results.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great Location	Myself and my fiance have just returned from New York having spent nearly a week there from the 10th to the 16th. I must say at times I was rather worried having read some of the reviews previously on TA in relation to this hotel, but I have to say the stay was absolutely great. OK the hotel rooms are slightly dated but in fairness the room we stayed in was clean and comfortable. Beds made everyday and the towels changed. The in room safe was invaluable.Really if I had one complaint it would be not publishing the call rates to phone from the in room phone. Got a bit stung on that for the first 3 days, but really that was our own fault and was quickly changed for the remainder of the holiday. The receptionist recommended going to the shop beside the hotel and picking up a call card. We got one for $5 which gave us 30 minutes to phone home for a hotel charge of 50 cent as a local call.There are many places to have a goos breakfast but we managed to have ours everyday in Blooms just down the corner. The breakfast filled us up everyday and the grub was good. The location of the hotel was brilliant. Grand central station was only 5 minutes walk away with access to the whole subway system.A car was arranged to take us to JFK airport on our last day which was on time and exactly the price agreed $54 incl. tolls. It was a great holiday for us and the hotel was perfect for us. We had a clean comfortable place to lay ou8r heads at night. Its not the Ritz or anything but it does what it says on the tin and I would have no problem recommending it.	
Dec 15 2007 	Hit or Miss	Got a great rate, but NOT the room I paid for (they put me in a standard room but I paid for a studio). Asked at desk, clerk didn't seem to care. My room (501) was a dump. Microwave looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. Poor tv reception, someone had actually drawn on the chair in there, and noisy, noisy, noisy! Walked by another room down the hall that looked much better. I guess I just got stuck in the dump room. You can hear elevator &quot;dinging&quot; all night, steam heat is LOUD, water rushing through exposed pipes. But it was quite clean. Bed uncomfortable, closet had water damage to walls and smelled like something died in there. I cancelled my 3 day stay and moved to a much better hotel a few blocks away. But I would probably consider another stay, just NOT IN ROOM 501!	
Dec 12 2007	Highly Recommended	We picked the Bedford because of its good reviews on TA and we were not disappointed. This is a really great hotel, friendly helpful staff, bright clean rooms and a fabulous location close to Grand Central Station which gives easy subway access to the whole of the city. Plenty of places close by to get breakfast, Blooms which is next door, was our favourite. I would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a nice hotel in a central location.	
Nov 18 2007 	great location	we stayed here in October. the reception staff where friendly and let us into our rooms early with no extra charge. the room was clean and comfortable, the only downside was the view onto another building. the hotel is so well located, walking distance of grand central station and times square. it is also local for subway 6 that takes you to battery park for the satutue of liberty etc. we would recommend this hotel to all.	
Nov 8 2007 	Very good indeed.	I was a little apprehensive with the hotel, since it appears a little old and some comments here are rather negative. It was a very good surprise, though: 1 – The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and had a beautiful view to the Empire State Building. 2 – Excellent location. I can't stress this point enough!3 – We were four adults, and there was plenty of space. 4 – Although staff is not very friendly, we were authorized to check in at 8 AM. No extra charges, no questions answered.5 – Prices were fair. Not cheap, not expensive. Do not expect a fancy hotel. This is not the kind of place you stay when you're traveling on business. It is definitely a tourism hotel, and for this purpose I would stay there again.	
Nov 6 2007 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	The Good: Although the furniture is a bit outdated the one thing the bedford has going for it is large, clean and comfortable rooms. The Bad: On the day we arrived from Italy, with 4 suitcases and 2 children in tow we were told that for the first nigt they had no rooms availible due to &quot;unexpected renovations&quot; We were told that they had booked us into their sister hotel for the 1st night. We were upgraded to a tower suite for the remaining 6 nights but we were given this only after we had told them that not having a room for us was unacceptible since we had booked 5 months before hand and confirmed our stay 1 month before arriving. Basically the upgrade was given only after we refused to leave and insisted that they give us a room there. Since we now had to move to another hotel we asked the doorman to find us a cab and after about 5 minutes with no success he just said &quot;forget it&quot; and went back into the hotel. The Ugly: On the day we checked out as we were standing outside trying to hail a cab a strong wind blew one of the Hotel's windows on the 3rd or 4th floor shut and broken glass came raining down onto the sidewalk a few feet away from me. As there was still some peices hanging off the window I alerted the doorman who proceeded to come out and check the damage and then went back in never to be heard or seen from again leaving broken glass all over the sidewalk. While I do like getting good value for money, ie big clean rooms at a fair price the poor service at the Bedford is enough to make me think twice before booking this hotel agian.	
Nov 1 2007 	Very good value hotel	We found the Bedford Hotel to be very good, We stayed with our 2 children in a one bedroomed suite which was well equipped and spacious. We asked for a camp bed as there was a double sofa bed but the boys did not want to share. This was no problem and it was provided straight away. There was a safe microwave, fridge etc - all good. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was alays clean.One tip - dont bother booking a car to the airport - the train is good and reliable. We found cab drivers to be not very helpful , very few spoke english and the driving was very erratic!On the whole this hotel is a great base to explore new york.	
Oct 24 2007 	Good Location	The Bedford Hotel was ideal for our needs - we wanted a well priced, clean and comfortable Hotel in a good location. Our studio room was fine, bed was comfortable, bathroom clean, there was also a safe and a kitchenette consisting of a small fridge and microwave, but we didnt use it. The aircon was pretty noisy but we didnt really need it. It is an older style hotel and some aspects of the room / building reflect this, so don't expect shiny and new.The location was great - 2 mins walk from central station and the Pershing Restaurant which does a really good breakfast, 10-15 mins to ESB and Macys, 15-20 min walk to Times Square and Theatre district. Staff were friendly and helpful and after we checked out they looked after our luggage for the day so we could go sightseeing !	
Oct 22 2007	Super Bedford	Just arrived back from a 4 night stay at this lovely hotel. 4 adults stayed in a large room which was very clean and above average facilities with fride, microwave, iron and two tvs. Maid service everyday ensured the cleanliness of the room.All the staff were very friendly and helpful and only to happy to offer their advice on where best to eat, shop, etcThe hotel is in a great location very near to Grand Central and within walking distance to Times Square, Empire State, Madison Sq Gardens and Rockafella Centre.A most enjoyable stay in a lovely hotel in a wonderful city and one we will definately return to.	
Sep 23 2007 	always a great stay	I have stayed at the Bedford for the last 3 yrs and I am going back again this year. We stay in a one bedroom suite which are really big which is great when you have about 10 suitcases between 4 women. The hotel staff have never been anything but friendly and would do anything to help you even look after 10 suitcases when we are going home so we can do the last minute shopping. I book directly with the hotel and Lidia is great anything you want to know you can just ring her. The hotel is in a great spot just 10 mins from Times Square and just around the corner from Grand Central Station. If you go in December which is the best time to go if you are Christmas fanatic which I am Bryant Park have great Chrismas stalls which sell everything there is also ice skating. Star Bucks is just across the road and there is a great diner on the corner. We always take a trip to Jersey Gardens to do our shopping its has every shop you could need plus its all indoors which is a bonus. If you are looking for a small quiet hotel in a great location Bedford hotel is perfect I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Aug 28 2007 	A Great Stay	I have just returned from a visit to New York and the surrounding area with my parents. When in New York City we stayed at the Bedford Hotel.It is in a great location in Midtown a couple of blocks from Grand Central. We walked to the Empire State Building, Macy's, Time Square and Fifth Avenue.We stayed in a 1 bed suite which was a nice size and the pull out bed was fine for a couple of nights. The kitchenette was very basic so when we wanted a coffee we took to popping out to the Starbucks on the corner is it was quicker to wait in line than wait for the kettle to boil. (Turn right out of the hotel and Starbucks is 30 secs down the road).They have a restaurant attached to the hotel which served some good food and if you don't want to walk too far on the opposite corner to Starbucks is a diner and just round the corner are a few deli's.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.I am already planning to go back to the Bedford at some time in the future with my friends for a shopping trip!	
Aug 28 2007	No problem with Bedford.	Booked via OPODO (after reading several horror stories about them). Glad to say everything went smoothly. Flew with Continental Airlines and must say the flight and checkin in were smooth and easy. Changed our seat location at the check-in no problem and requested extra leg room (rows 15 and 16) at no extra cost, did this for the return trip at the same time. Arriving at Newark and got a yellow cab ($77) to the Hotel in midtown Manhatten.Hotel staff were very helpful, friendly and pleasant. Anything they could help with they did. The Hotel is in need of a re-fit but we didnt complain as it was clean and comfortable and we were only there to sleep, shower and change. We were a family of 4 (58, 57, 23 and 18) and had one bedroom (en-suite) and 2 fold up put-aways in the sitting room which were made up every day. We had a small kitchen where there was a cooker (didnt work, we never wanted to use it anyway). Some previous reviews complained about the small rooms although we felt it was ok for 4 of us.The location is as everyone else says 'ideal', it's just around the corner from Grand Central and is easy to get about from. Get the 7 day Metro ticket for the Subway and local bus's, it costs $24 (£12) each and you can use it as often as you like, we used it all the time to get around. We were originally apprehensive at first about travelling on the subway but must say we enjoyed the experience and never felt threatend at any time even though we did travel about up till about 11pm most nights. The only Taxi's we caught were from and to the airport, all other times we either walked or caught the subway. Lots of places to eat near the hotel. We had a great time and would go back to the Bedford as of it's location and near most of the main sites and Subways.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great Location Clean Hotel Great for Families	Great location ... right around the corner from Grand Central Station and walking distance to Time Square, Empire State Bldg, NY Library, etc. You are close to all the action. Even if you do take a cab, it's a reasonable charge ($6 to Time Square). The hotel is quaint and has that old fashioned feel but it's very clean. Reminds us of European style hotels - narrow hallways, etc. The bathroom has been renovated and is spotless. We are a family of 5 and we fit very comfortably in the room ( which was one of our biggest challenges in locating a room in NYC). The staff was very helpful. The maids were always inquiring as to whether they could be of further assistance. Warning ... if you are travelling in a large size vehicle (or a van with a carrier ontop), parking could be a problem ... you have to find a parking lot that can accomodate and it'll cost you (about $25 a day). It was a great place to stay with a family .... we would DEFINITELY stay there again. Reasonable, clean, great location, old-world charm. We love NEW YORK CITY!!!	
Jul 27 2007 	Very Good Location	This hotel is in a super location close to Grand Central Station. You can drag you suitcases from the airport bus stand and get to the hotel within minutes. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Our room was small and a little tired looking, however, for the price and the previous reviews that was what we expected. It didn't matter to us as we were only in the room to sleep and since the bed was clean and comfy we were happy. The room had a microwave and a large fridge which might prove useful. There was lots of hot water, a decently sized bath and a good shower. Great place for breakfast at the end of the street. Additionally, it's worth going to the Pershing Restaurant (outside Grand Central)for at least one breakfast. We found this hotel to be good value for money and we would stay there again.	
Jul 26 2007	Hotel disappointing but good location	We booked for 3 nights in June for mid July through Expedia as that was best price. We paid 107 pounds a night for a double and requested a non smoking room. We were shown into a room which stank of smoke on 3rd floor as they said there were no non-smoking rooms available. After complaining about the smell we were moved into another smoking room on same floor but did not smell. The room was not refurbished as Sheeyla from Northamptonshire got and our room was tiny, very old and worn, a fridge and microwave and coffee maker but certainly no kitchen. The bathroom was also tiny but adequate. The front desk staff were not especially friendly and the only good thing we can say is that is was a very good location. Will look for a better hotel for our next visit. Overall very disappointing.	
Jul 25 2007 	Would stay again	I stayed at the Bedford last week and would go back. The location is excellent; near Grand Central Station and within walkin distance of Times Square, Empire State, and Rockefeller Centre. The rooms, although not luxurious, were comfortable and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. At approximately $200 per night, for New York City, the Bedford was a good value.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great location	Enjoyed first stay to NY at the Bedford. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was older but clean. The location was really great. Loved being close to Grand Central Terminal. Walked to Macy's, ESB, and many other places.	
Jul 14 2007	Fantastic Location	I have recently returned from a five day stay at the Bedford Hotel. I was travelling with a school group from the UK that included a total of 20 teenage students. The hotel was in a fabulous location. It is approximately a 4 minute walk to Grand Central Station. We ate breakfast in the dining court there everyday as it has a wide selection of choice at very reasonable prices in pleasant surroundings. Times Square is approximately 10-15 minutes walk also. Each room had a kitchenette that was equipped with a fridge (great for keeping drinks cool), 2 ring cooker, kettle, coffeemaker and some had a microwave. The rooms were spacious with usual stuff such as iron, hairdryer, TV, internet access, safe etc. Some larger rooms had a separate lounge area with sofa beds that would be suitable for children. I believe that some of the rooms have been recently renovated and that the more recently renovated rooms are on the upper floors. I stayed on floor nine and found the room to be more than adequate. Rooms on the upper levels have the best views, floors 16/17 (not sure how many storeys there are) had great views of the empire state building.The staff at the hotel were really nice. They helped us with any directions and were great at helping our students with their oversized suitcases! They stored our cases in one of the rooms on our last day so that we could go off and continue to explore NYC.The trip on itself was excellent. Many sights seen: Empire State; Statue of Liberty; Times Square; Flat iron district; Chinatown; Little Italy; Central Park; South Street Seaport; Rockefeller Centre etc.I would certainly return to NYC and stay at the Bedford hotel.	
Jul 11 2007	Avoid unrefurbished rooms!	When we first arrived at the Bedford (around 9pm) we had fairly good impressions. We were booking two rooms and while the receptionist had no problems booking in the first room (#301), he said we had to wait for someone to come downstairs. Eventually, a couple come down and say &quot;No, we don't like that room either,&quot; and hand back a set of keys for #310 before leaving the hotel altogether, luggage in tow and calls of &quot;We still have to charge you for one night!&quot; coming from the receptionist.Guess which room we got? Yep, 310. When we got into both 301 and 310 we were appalled - the rooms were old, dirty and smelly. Yes Mr Porter Man, feel free to turn on the a/c, but you're not going to hide the dingy mess you've led us to.We'd read on TripAdvisor that there were some refurbished rooms so we marched down to the lobby and complained, only to be told there was nothing they could do that night and to come back tomorrow. Eventually the porter came upstairs and sprayed each room with strong air freshener (only marginally better smelling), but this did nothing for the faded wallpaper and hole in #310's closet.The next morning we went downstairs and asked to be switched - surprisingly, the receptionist did it without questioning why. I can only surmise that they know what 301 and 310 is like.Our next rooms, 1101 and 1110, were much better. Functioning ACs, no bad smells, king beds, cleaner bathrooms and bigger TV combine to make a nice place to stay, while the fridge also has it's uses.Don't get me wrong, Bedford still has some downsides - the 'high speed internet access' borders on false advertising, the beds are hard and only my AC lets me specify a temperature, but compared to some rooms here 1101 and 1110 are wonderful.Our final comment - if you must stay here, stay only in refurbished rooms. Otherwise, head elsewhere. The fact the hotel is only one block away from Grand Central Station is good, but this can only make up for so much.	
Jul 8 2007 	We enjoyed the Bedford	We have just returned from an enjoyable stay at the Bedford. The hotel is very centrally situated midtown, just up the street from Grand Central Station and round the corner from the Chrysler building. We had a large newly-decorated room on the 17th floor, with a great view of the Empire State. Our window also gave us a grandstand view of the 4th July fireworks over the East River. The room had a small kitchenette, with refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker, so we were able to look after ourselves for breakfast. There was - mercifully - no minibar. There are plenty of restaurants, diners and steet-corner delis in the streets around. Just a couple of small minuses - the plumbing seemed to have an airlock in it, and produced frequent clunking noises. Secondly, the hotel seemed to attract school groups - three at separate times during our week. One particularly excitable group of girls managed to both jam the lift and set off the fire alarm (luckily we were out at the time). However,we would certainly consider returning	
Jun 29 2007 	Great	My husband and I stayed at the Bedford Hotel New York and were pleasantly surprised. It was very clean,staff friendly, and well located for all the sights - it could perhaps do with a little up-dating, however we would certainly stay there again	
May 7 2007 	Excellent Choice for the $ in NYC!	Found Hotel Bedford on Hotels365 website while looking for affordable and conveniently located hotels near the theater district.Rooms were good size; not small, very clean and our room had a small efficiency unit built into the wall that was revealed by slider door. We had the option of making our own coffee/tea. An unexpected plus! Beds were very comfortable; and rooms tastefully decorated. The hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. Checked our room to make sure all was in place and clean. How often does that happen?? Overall, very pleased with our choice at $275/night. I would recommend making reservations directly on the hotel's website; noticed rooms were same prices and some lower.Will definitely stay there again!!!M.G. Boston, MA	
Apr 15 2007	Truly Excellent for School Groups	Took a school group totalling 34 in all to New York from 10 April to 14 April 2007. As group leader I suppose they gave me the best room 1702. Really modernized, clean and spacious compared to the last hostel we stayed at for the same price. The staff were friendly especially Audrey the Manager. Had a lounge dowstairs which i took over every morning for my morning briefing sessions with the group. Within walking distance to Grand Central and Times square. Breakfast was horrible Choice of Muffin. or Bagel or Toast at Blooms round the cornewr from hotel with tea or coffee and juice. Boys had to order their own breakfasts. Nice Deli &quot;Old Bridge Gourmet Deli&quot; - (Turn right from Hotel, Left at lights and is 30metres on other side of street. You will truly be shocked at the wide selection. Why can't we have places like this in London. Happily stored our luggage 34 cases in one of the rooms till we left that afternoon.	
Apr 5 2007 	Faded Glory	Stayed there for two nights with my wife and three children aged 17, 14 and 10.Plus Points. Great location, quiet street, but good bar near by. Easy walking distance of Times Square, Grand Central Station and 42nd St. Helpful staff. Highly recommend Sarge's Deli in 3rd Ave, between 36th and 37th Streets – Excellent real NY deli, huge portions.Minus PointsHotel in need of a redecoration and some TLC. Arrived at 21:30 and found that we only had beds for four out of the five of us. Got some funny looks from the guy at the front desk when we told him we wanted to go straight to bed, until I pointed out that in England it was half past two in the morning and we’d been travelling since seven (British time) the morning before. A fold up bed was found and delivered within 10 minutes.	
Mar 27 2007 	Excellent Hotel !!	My friend and I stayed in the bedford for 5 nights from 19th March and had a fantastic time. The location is excellent - it is in the Murray Hill area just around the corner from Grand Central Station for subway access and is within walking distance to many attractions in midtown. The room was nice – two double beds a good size bathroom and a little kitchenette with a fridge, kettle and electric hob with saucepans, plates and cutlery etc… The rooms were kept clean with a daily room service. One draw back was that I wanted a shower one afternoon but it appeared that they turn the hotwater off during the day (or it had run out ) - but I'm sure most people are enjoying New York in the day anyway and it was fine in the morning and evening.It also has its own Italian restaurant and blooms café next door serves breakfast (we had breakfast there as it was included in our price as we had the winter package special). Nearby Scottys is also a good breakfast/lunch choice. They also allowed us to have a camp bed put up for $15 per night for a friend that was visiting for one night. Overall we had a good experience at the bedford - the hotel staff were very helpful and attentive and I would definately recommend the hotel.	
Mar 21 2007	Fantastic Hotel 	I recently stayed in the Bedford hotel as part of a college group of 50!!! The Bedford hotel accommodated us well, and the staff took real good care of us.The Bedford hotel was really nice to stop in, it was warm and very inviting. The hotel and its rooms were very pleasing, and kept clean and tidy at all times. There is also an Italian restaurant attached to the hotel where the food is beautiful, so if you like Italian then I recommend that you go! There were 4 of us sharing our hotel room and 2 in each double bed, but the rooms were very spacious and fitted us all in nice. The TV was quite big for in a hotel and had plenty of good channels, not that you'll be watching it much anyway! The rooms were cleaned daily and fresh towels and toiletries relaced, but check in draws and cupboards because the cleaners will put your stuff away! We were on floor 10 on the back of the building and had a wonderful view of the Empire State building, which looked amazing at night time. To top the hotel off were the wonderful staff who couldn't do enough to help you. They were really helpful and friendly, one even stood out in the rain to flag us down a taxi!The Bedford has a really good location and is close to a handful of famous locations. The 101 building across from the hotel was the building that was taken over by the Gremlins in Gremlins II The New Batch!! Times Square, Chrysler Building, 5th Ave, Empire state, Broadway, Grand Central Station and many more are within walking distance of the hotel. There also some really nice cafes and restaurants outside the hotel, and I recommend that you try Scottys for breakfast. If you love coffee then you'll appeciate the fact that there is a Starbucks cafe on every corner!The biggest advice I can give you is not to fly with any American Airline mainly DELTA!! We had 2 flights cancelled and had to sleep in a cold terminal at JFK, on the floor. They abandoned us and offered no help or compensation, we managed to get a flight home with Virgin Atlantic, but Delta would not release our baggage which remained in New York for 2 days after we had arrived home!!!Overall New York is a fantastic place, and the Bedford Hotel is deffinately worth a stay in.	
Feb 27 2007 	great location	This hotel was clean and staff were friendly and keen to assist.Our room view was very disappointing as our one window faced the fire escape of the next building!The location is great i thought. It 's about 300yards from the Chrysler building (which looks awesome at night!) and a short walk from grand central, times square etcNew york is one of the best places i have ever been to so much to do your accommodation doesn't have to be amazing as you hardly spend any time in it! I would stay at the Bedford again as it was a nice friendly and clean hotel and the location was great.We landed at JFK which is about 1 hour drive to Manhatten but there is so much to see you don't really notice the time! I can't remember the exact temperature but it was hot and very humid, our skin certainly changed colour!	
Feb 24 2007	Great Location- Budget Hotel	This hotel has an excellent location with just a 2 minute walk to Grand Central, Lovely bistros and diners within a minutes walk and at least 4 Starbucks coffee houses within 2minute walk! The hotel itself is in desperate need of renovation- which I believe they have already started- working from the top down. My parents had a room on the 10th floor and the decor and bathroom was much more pleasant than ours. We were on the 4th floor and unfortunately were not so happy with our room. There were stains on the carpet; a major draught coming in through the window (although the heating did keep the room warm enough) and the bathroom had a leak from the toilet and a funny smell. Our bathroom was also not cleaned as well as I would have hoped. However, the sheets and towels were changed everyday. There were a lot of teenagers hanging around which made the place feel almost like a youth hostel- 2 school trips were there at the time. We were also put on a smoking floor and had smoke coming under our door. If you are going to stay here, you should also be aware that the peep holes in the doors had been taken out so that people could see straight into the rooms- we had to put a sock over the door to cover it!! Having said all of this, the hotel staff were friendly enough and the hotel is very cheap so is good for budget travellers ( you get what you pay for!) The pershing Cafe opposite Grand Central do great pancakes for breakfast and the deli opposite it has a fantastic choice of fresh salads for lunch. We had a fantastic time in New York but we will definitely pay a little more for the hotel next time and make sure we get a slightly more comfortable room.	
Feb 19 2007 	Good value for money	Stayed here for 5 nights and found it satisfactory. Room was a little dilapidated but clean and warm, too warm in fact we had to sleep with windows wide open. Bathroom again could use some refurbishment but was clean with fresh towels daily.Staff very helpful and friendly. Hotel located right near Grand Central Station and on same block as drop off point for buses from Newark airport ($23 return trip) so good for getting around town.Blooms diner at bottom of street excellent for &quot;big&quot; breakfast and also bistro close to Grand Central Station good for fresh food.Did notice some rennovation going on at hotel (11th floor I think) so maybe they are working their way up?Would definately stay here again	
Feb 19 2007 	Great hotel great location	We stayed here in July, 2006. This was our third time to stay in the Bedford.I cannot complain about anything. The accommodation is fine. I've read some reviews complaining about the standard of the rooms, but, so far, we have always been given really nice double bedrooms. Maybe we're lucky, but we have never had a problem with the plumbing.It's in a great location. Grand Central is just two blocks away. Blooms Deli on the corner is ok for breakfast only. However, this time we found an even better deli for breakfast just further down the street (towards 39th St). Sorry, but I can't remember the name.	
Feb 8 2007 	Clean but noisy old and very dated	Upsides....very helpful staff, clean enough, convenient location.Downsides....very dated decor and furnishings, very hard bed, noise level was terrible (between the knocking radiator, the elevator and the doors slamming all night long, I don't think I slept for more than an hour at a time). The shower experience was probably the worst. The temperature would go back and forth from extreme cold to extreme hot. Won't go back.	
Jan 6 2007 	It was o.k....	Three of us went to NY and stayed at the Bedford, recommended to us by an internet hotel company. As there were 3 of us, we booked a 'suite', which had a separate bedroom, with kitchenette as well. We thought this would be ideal.Like all other reviews, I have to also say that the location was excellent, although we did find ourselves 'raising our eyebrows' when we saw it all behind the scaffolding.. First impressions were not great! The lobby looked lovely, but the rooms really looked grotty, but then again, they were clean.I found the staff to be extremely nice and helpful. When we arrived, we found that the room configuration didn't suit us (double bed in the bedroom, and a double pull out couch in the sitting room - as we were 3 women, we each wanted our own beds), so they immediately changed us to a different suite which had 2 single beds in the bedroom, and the double pull out couch in the sitting room. The 'kitchen' is literally a sink behind a folding cuboard door, and has a fridge and coffee machine. It was fine. All we wanted really, was the fridge &amp; coffee machine - we knew we wouldn't be cooking so this suited us.The bathroom was very small and very dated - the grout between the tiles falling out etc, but it was clean. Towels &amp;sheets changed every day etc. The products weren't great, but being women this wasn't a problem as we brought our own.The one MAJOR downfall for us, was that the bathroom was off the bedroom, which meant that the person sleeping in the sitting room had to come into our bedroom in the middle of the night, which was really not the ideal situation. I was surprised to read in another review that they were able to order taxis to the hotel - They would not do this for us, and told us to go out on the street and hail one ourselves. When it was a different man behind reception, we asked would he do it, and again, he wouldn't. Because of this, and 'rush hour' we missed our dinner reservation, and for the other nights, we had to stand on the street a lot earlier to make sure we got there in time. They did however book an airport shuttle for us, which was very convenient. Also, they did allow us to keep the room until 3 p.m. on our day of departure which was very convenient for us. The first night as we were so jetlagged, we asked them to recommend a restaurant that was close. They did book us at the Italian restaurant around the corner, but I wouldn't recommend it. The food was nice, but minuscule portions and we were starving afterwards, devouring all the bread and fighting over the breadsticks! and the price was astronomical for what we had - we were studying the bill for ages just to make sure there were no mistakes! (It cost us $80 per person!!!!)Back to the hotel - No complaints really, except the bathroom situation, but if it's a central location you are looking for without paying a huge price, and if it's only for sleeping, this is the ideal place.	
Dec 15 2006 	Fantastic Location	First impressions were not so good as on arrival at the hotel we were confronted by some scaffolding. It didn't help with it being cold, dark, windy and raining. Once in the room I was pleasantly suprised. It was a good sized room, good wardrobe space, tea and coffee making facilities and an en-suite bathroom. The bathroom was a little tired as regards to decorating but it was spotlessly clean with fresh towels and a range of toiletries. When I looked outside the bedroom window I could see the Empire State Building which had been lit in Green and Red. The hotel is situated within 5 minutes walking distance of Grand Central Staion and the Chrysler Building. This hotel is a good base for exploring the sights. We found the staff at the hotel pleasant, friendly and helpful with arrangements for cabs and directions. A good assortment of free literature is available in the lobby to help you with your tour of New York. I can highly recommend a visit to the diner - Blooms which is literally at the end of the street with a Starbucks on the other side of the road. A recommended hotel at an affordable cost.	
Dec 11 2006 	Stay well away fron this hotel!!!	Whatever you do, please do not stay at this hotel - I've just returned from NYC and had the misfortune to have stayed at The Bedford. Although the location was great, that's about all that can be said for it. When we checked in some other friends in our party immediately had to call the manager to their room as they found human excrement on one of the towels in their bathroom (I know, it's gross). Our room wasn't quite so bad - just exposed wires on the walls and a bathroom in which the bath was filthy, the hairdryer wasn't fixed to the wall properly and had wires hanging out at the back, and a sink that broke during our stay. Most of the staff we dealt with were very rude and unhelpful, to the point where it really affected our holiday. It's also worth noting that although the hotel has a restaurant and bar, for two nights of our four night stay we couldn't get in there, once because it was closed for a private party and hotel residents weren't allowed in, another night it just wasn't open, so don't depend on being able to use the hotel bar. Overall we were horribly disappointed with our stay, it was in no way worth the money we paid and I'd urge anyone NOT to stay there so they don't end up as disappointed and angry as we were.	
Dec 11 2006 	Good hotel	The hotel was clean and well maintained and as mentioned in other reviews the rooms decor was kind of old fashioned but who cares you're in New York and you only go back to your hotel to sleep so as long as its clean (and it was) then thats all that matters. We stayed in a standard room which had cooking facilities and tea/coffee making facilities.The hotel has a fantastic location situated approximately 5 minutes from Grand Central Station and about 15 minutes from the Empire State Building. Near the hotel there is an excellent little diner called Blooms on the corner where we had breakfast every day. We also tried the restaurant next door called Domenico's which was also nice.The locality is also excellent because it is quiet and seems to be more of a business area so the street outside is slightly quieter than average.We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 21 2006 	What a great stay!	We chose to stay at the Hotel Bedford for our honeymoon because of the great location and previous reviews.We arrived at the hotel to find we had been upgraded to a suite room (1409). On entering the room we noticed that this was a good size room with a separate bedroom, bathroom and it's own cooking area complete with fridge and complementary coffee. The decor is slightly dated however the cleanliness of the room made up for this. Towels were changed every day and coffee topped up. The hotel does not have dining facilities however on exiting the hotel and turning right about 5 metres is an excellent Cafe called Blooms, which caters for breakfast and evening meals. On the other side of the road is a Starbucks.To get to the hotel from JFK Airport you can either get a taxi which costs $45 or take the Airport Shuttle Bus at a cost of $15 per person one way or $27 per person return. These tickets can be purchased at each terminal, the information desks will point you in the right direction. The buses go to Grand Central Terminal which is a 5 minute walk away from the Hotel Bedford.	
Oct 20 2006 	So Spacious!	What a wonderful hotel/deal for Manhattan.This hotel is a hidden gem it seems in the sea of cruddy budget hotels in the city. It is labeled as a three star and you can truly find it for about the same price as the one and two stars in the area. The rooms were spacious and the view was great, right by the empire state building and the Chrysler building. The staff was friendly. The only complaint I would have would be that our bed was so firm, rock firm. But truly fantastic otherwise.	
Oct 17 2006 	Stayed with a baby-GREAT!	We stayed here in their one-bedroomed suite thing. We had absolutely no problems. I travelled with a 4 month old baby and was extremely happy to stay there with him, no qualms. The room was clean, large- the sitting room had 2 pull out couch beds. The bedroom was small with 2 single beds, quaint but good, clean working bathroom. The kitchenette was behind 2 cupbaord doors and served its purpose. The only two things: 1) the rings on the cooker weren't working- but seriously, who would be using them?!? 2) the air con was a bit the worse for wear- we just left the window open- it was May, so ok...dunno about mid JUly!The hotel is so central- literally 2 mins from grand central station. And for the price we paid for it- the best value in NYC.I was worried about the other reviews but on arrival, I was totally happy.	
Oct 13 2006 	Disappointing air conditioning TV didn't work properly run down	The TV had wavy distortion, staff could only make it a little better, beds too soft, run down soiled uphostery, chipping paint, carpet was peeling up. Decided to try another room. The second room TV worked, but air conditioning fan did not stay on consistently although compressor was on. It was difficult to sleep because the room did not stay cool. The bathroom sink had two chrome legs in front and one of them kept falling off, if you barely touched it--since that leg was very close to the toilet it was hard to avoid. Again chipping paint, cracks on the bathroom door. The shower was good, the basics were clean, but it looked like it had not been upgraded for a long long time. Maybe other rooms were better from reading the reviews, but our experience was very disappointing and we are experienced travelers and have stayed in New York many times. It seems as if they are doing just the minimum maintenance.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great!!	We just returned from a long weekend in New York and stayed at the Bedford Hotel on E. 40th St in the Murray Hill section of NYC. The location was great, 2 blocks to Grand Central which made it easy to get around the city by subway. We had one of the newly renovated one bedroom suites (1604), it was great. They have done a very good job. The last few times we have been to NYC we stayed closer to Central Park and the only view you had was another building, not being surrounded by high-rise building this time the view from our room was good. We could see the Empire State bulding from two of our large windows . There are a variety of resturants in the area. It is only a few blocks to Bryant Park, an oasis in the city. We picked up some to-go and had a picnic in the park.The reservation process went well and Llidia was most helpful.Can't go wrong with the Bedford.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great Hotel	We really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again. The staff are courteous and very helpful. Our room was quite large with lots of space, a little worn and tired maybe, but very clean. The &quot;pantry&quot; in the room suited us down to the ground. Maid service is spot on every morning. The location is excellent, right in the centre of things. From Newark airport, the airport shuttle bus drops people off in the next street from the hotel, so is within easy walking distance. All round a great hotel, maybe would not suit everyone, but it was fine for us. We had no complaints.	
Aug 1 2006 	The best hotel that I have stayed at in a long time......	I stayed here for 9 nights recently and I cannot emphasise enough how fantastic this place was. I was travelling with 2 other people and the tower room suite that I had booked was like a home away from home. The suite was like a small apartment with each of us been able to spread out. Been able to unpack your suitcase is a big deal when travelling! The kitchenette was also a godsend as we went to a local deli and stocked up on brekkie items and ate in every morning. Gives the digestive system (and wallet) a well earned break. The rooms were immaculate and we were fortunate to have room 1504 which had a balcony. What a novelty!!!!! I can also vouch for the airconditioning which worked overtime for us as we were there during the heatwave a couple of weeks ago.The staff were friendly and helpful and the guest laundry which is hard to find in Manhattan hotels, came in very handy. The location was great, within walking distance to practically everything. We caught a lot of cabs (when it got too hot to walk) and they are very affordable. We ate quite a bit at Blooms Cafe on the cnr of 40th &amp; Lexington and Scotty's Diner on the cnr of 39th &amp; Lexington. They gave you the biggest serves of food in Manhattan I reckon. There was a gourmet deli (cnr of lexington &amp; 41st) which had a huge variety of food choices.If I had to complain about anything it would have to be the lifts in the hotel. They were very slow but nothing that would stop me from staying there in future. After my 9 nights there I am having trouble adjusting to the smaller hotels in the UK and Europe. Do yourself a favour and book into the Bedford Hotel. You won't be sorry.	
Jul 10 2006	the best hotel in midtown manhatten	The Bedford hotel is a grate place to stay whist in Manhatten, the staff were lovely and helpful and The rooms were nice &amp; clean, The bedford is in a very safe and popular location with plenty to see and do. It is just around the corner from Grand central station which is really helpful after a late night back in from times sq. The beds were comfy, the rooms were big and the small kitchenett was grate for making the odd snack here and there. Over all i loved this hotel and my 1week stay there, when ever i return to NYC i will always stay in the Bedfrod hotel.So if you are planning on visiting midtown manhatten then check out the bedford its a nice relaxed place to stay.	
Jul 8 2006	great location	We stayed for four nights in the Bedford Hotel. The location is great, within walking distance of Times Square, Empire State and most of the attractions. Our room was on the 11th floor and was comfortable if not luxurious. The staff were helpful and friendly. Blooms cafe/bar a couple of doors down from the hotel does great breakfasts and lunches/dinners and the staff are very friendly. We would recommend taking the open top tour bus from Times Square to see the sights. You can buy your ticket in the Tourist Office in Times Square. The tour buses run every 15 minutes and you can &quot;hop on and off as you please&quot;	
Jul 4 2006	Run-down rooms	I would find the photos on the Hotel Bedford website quite different from how the rooms really looked. Was given a suite on the lower floors and was quite shocked by the condition of the room. The walls had cracks and cobwebs, the bathroom was old and run down. So were the sofa beds in the living area. Luckily we stayed only for a night. Don't think I will go back again. The price was quite cheap though.	
Jun 30 2006	Perfect location and spacious!	Our family of three stayed in a Junior Suite in June 2006. Large living room with table, desk, Hi-speed internet, fold out sofa(pretty darn comfortable too) &amp; TV, large bedroom with 2 closets &amp; TV. Bath was just updated - fulll size tub with shower, pedistal sink and even an opening window...ahhh. In the entry hall area was a mini kitchen with frig, sink, micro and plates, glasses, silverware, coffee maker &amp; coffee. There are plenty of min-marts around the block and we had breakfast in the room each day before we headed off as tourists. Great location, between Lexington Ave and Park Ave - just 1-1/2 blocks from Grand Central Station (great food court on lower level). Lots of eateries, drug store, bagels shops, you name it on Lexington within a block or two. About a 10-12 min walk to Time Square - a very safe feeling neighborhood for walking in the evenings.The best place we have stayed in NYC yet. The coolest part of our room was a balcony - actually a tiled ledge area with some chairs that only 3 rooms access. We could sit out in the evening and look at the Empire State Building (see my photos) and look down on apts having dinner on their roof tops. Really an added bonus - fresh air and excellent view! Dang I can't remember the room number but be sure and ask for the rooms with the deck. I booked thru the hotel and paid $275/nightFriendly staff and pretty little lobby area with a couch and chairs, 2 elevators is a bonus too.	
Jun 26 2006	Wonderful hotel	Stayed here for two nights after a long haul trip. We were immediately upgraded to a suite. We have nothing but praise for the quality, location and service of this hotel..	
Jun 20 2006	Bedford Hotel is a good hotel	Stayed at the Bedford for 3 nights. It is in a very good location with Grand Central and the Chrysler Building literally around the corner and Time Square only a short walk away. Blooms, the diner nextdoor to the hotel is excellent.We stayed on the 4th floor, the room interior is old but the room was very spacious and extremely clean. There was no problems with noise. The little contact we had with the staff they were friendly and helpful. We would be happy to stay there again.	
Jun 14 2006	Great Deal	Just stayed here based on tripadvisor reviews.Very pleased with all aspects of stay. Had the Queen studio and it was huge for the price. Clean,quiet room in great location to tour NYC. Safe and easy access to subways. Will stay here again. Only complaints are the room smelled of bacon as it was near the kitchen of a restaurant and the front desk was overworked and aloof.	
May 26 2006	Great location great value	I stayed with my wife at a Deluxe Studio on 5th floor for 5 nights mid-April. We flew in from Indonessia for a weeklong vacation in the New York area. We are extremely pleased with Hotel Bedford. Its location is great (2 blocks from Grand Central, 5 from Empire State Building, 15 minutes to Times Square). The room was spacious and clean. Everything worked fine during our 5 days: staff was friendly, the TV and internet worked perfectly. I booked via their homepage (--) and we paid $190 plus taxes. As far as New York goes, for a hotel this good and rooms this large and clean (and free internet!) this is a bargain. Highly recommended.	
May 20 2006	2nd visit to Bedford Great location!	On a return visit to New York I decided to come back to the Beford Hotel after looking at many other hotels. There were 4 adults, so we booked a one bedroom suite. It was very spacious and comfortable. The hotel decor, furniture, and bathroom are a bit old and worn. We had a room on the 4th floor and had no problems with temperature or noise from outside our room. The small kitchenette was convenient. Walking to Times Square is a lot less stressful than taking a cab there. The free internet was helpful! The staff I encountered while visiting were friendly and helpful. I would come back to the Bedford Hotel again!	
May 6 2006	Great location very friendly helpful staff	My two friends and I stayed at the Bedford for 4 nights from 29th April till 2nd May. On arrival the hotel staff were extremely busy and our room was not ready. We were asked to leave our bags and go across to the coffee shop(Starbucks) for 20 mins. When we returned the room was ready. It was on the 5th floor and was a one bedroom apartment with two single beds and a large lounge with two large sofa beds, no view. There was a small bathroom off the bedroom and two lockable closets with a safe, there was also a small kitchen area. It was very basic but clean. Renovations are going on and floors 7 &amp; 8 are finished. We asked to be moved to floor 7 or 8 but there were no rooms like ours available on these floors so we were moved to floor 12. The room was identical to the one we had left so we lived out of our suitcases for a night for nothing!! The top floors are being renovated too and they are large suites with a balcony.Overall this hotel is in a great location. The airport bus drops you at Grand Central which is literally minutes away. You can walk to most attractions and shops or take the subway. The staff were always very friendly and helpful, day and night.It is a no frills hotel and smaller than you would expect for N.Y. Hopefully if you are staying you will get a nice renovated room.	
Apr 11 2006	Would return in a heartbeat!	We stayed at the Hotel Bedford for 5 nights in April 06. 1st Impressions were good; nice foyer and friendly, chatty staff. We arrived at about 10.30 PM and upon checking in, inquired as to whether or not the room we were being allocated was smoking or non-smoking. (We weren't offered the choice but that was obviously due to our late arrival). We were informed that our room was smoking and that unfortunately no other was available that night, however we could swap tomorrow if we so desired. We needn't have worried. Our 1 bedroom suite (1402 on the 14th of 16 floors) was massive and there wasn't a hint of cigarette odour that my ultra sensitive nose could discern. The living room had 2 double fold out sofa beds, some nice lamps and chest-of-drawers-ey type furniture, a fairly standard 21&quot; TV with remote and cable channels. The kitchenette was fully stocked with pots, crockery, cutlery, glasses etc., a fridge, 2 ring hob-top and sink all of which was sequestered into a cupboard unit. The bathroom, while not &quot;up to the minute&quot; modern was still very clean and perfectly pleasant - the bath/shower had fantastic water pressure and there was a never ending supply of hot in the taps. Lots of complimentary toiletries and LOADS of clean towels every day. The highlight for us though was the bed... A 7x7 ft King Size with clean linen every day - Heavenly!All in, Hotel Bedford provided us with a perfect haven to retreat to after a busy days shopping or sightseeing. It's location is almost unbeatable; certainly at the price. It's a 3-5 minute walk to Grand Central Terminal from whence you can get to anywhere in the country, never mind the city! Times Square is 15 mins walk; Empire State is less than 10; The Chrysler Building is practically on the doorstep!I can't recommend the place highly enough, but be warned - if in reading this review you think it's gonna compete with the likes of the Waldorf Astoria et al for sheer plushness or &quot;Wow Factor&quot; you may be misled. That said, any of those 4 and 5 Star hotels could learn a thing or two from this little gem. Just remember; you usually get what you pay for. In the case of the Hotel Bedford, I can happily report that we certainly got that, and we felt, a good deal more to boot. A fantastic budget option that will certainly be getting a return visit from us. Two thumbs up!!	
Apr 2 2006	Great hotel excellant location	We stayed there for 5 nights on our trip to New York. The hotel was excellantly located and the rooms were clean and comfortable. Our rooms decor was nice and didnt seem to be old at all. We were on the 7th floor, had no view but you dont spend much time there anyway. We had a fridge, kettle and a microwave. A lockable closet for all our shopping and a nice size bathroom, with lovely complimentary toiletries. As for breakfast, blooms diner is closed since the fire last year and Scotties diner is now also closed. We found a lovely diner on the corner of 39th and 3rd called Frontiers. If going back would definitely stay there and would recomend to anyone, looking for somewhere really nice to stay in New York on a budget.	
Mar 20 2006	Quiet and well located	Stayed for a week with my family (2 adults 2 youngsters).Not a fancy place but large and clean rooms with a staff that is very competent and friendly.With a location thats is excellent because it is close to Time square and at the same time at a quiet spot.And ofcourse with a good pricelevel.	
Mar 12 2006	Great Hotel Fantastic Location (just one slight niggle!)	We recenty returned from a 4 night stay at the Bedford Hotel and were very impressed with the hotel and service we received. We had booked a suite (number 706)instead of a room and were very surprised at the size, it was huge! The suite was more than adequate with an iron and ironing board, hair dryer, mini kitchen with tea and coffee facilities and all the toiletries and towels you will ever need. Oh and there was also a plasma TV in the bedroom which was a nice surprise! The service at front desk was always friendly, the room was cleaned well and all the toiletries replaced everyday and the hotel itself was very nice. So why, you ask do I give it a 4 rating instead of a 5? Well there was one slight niggle about the room that I feel I should mention. Both the radiators in the suite had a habit of making a hell of a lot of noise during the night meaning we had to wear ear plugs to avoid constant wakings. And on top of this we couldnt control the temperature of them, leaving the room very warm all the time, so sleeping at night was uncomfortable without the window open.All in all we were impressed by the Bedford, and would definately stay again without hesitation, it's just a shame about those bloody radiators!	
Mar 11 2006	loved it	SHORT AND SWEET--------loved this hotel and would definately stay again. Rooms very nice with useful kitchenette. great location. some nice eateries near by. try metrocafe. bagels fantastic	
Mar 7 2006 	Hotel nightmare!	If you're looking for a pleasant, hassle free time in NYC, don't stay at the Hotel Bedford. Our group stayed here from 21-25 Feb 2006.HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR STAY:* Overpriced, old and musty smelling rooms;* Sparks flying from some power/wall sockets when electric appliances (e.g. iron/ coffee maker) plugged in; * Limited or no internet connectivity despite the grand claim &quot;free broadband internet in every room&quot;;* Unprofessional and unhelpful front desk staff especially if you report something wrong with the room;* Night front desk staff and security guards regularly falling asleep on the couch in the lobby requiring someone to physically shake them to wake up;* Late or no wake-up calls at all, despite previous booking with front desk; and* Extra charges added to our credit card without authorisation.The only two good things going for this hotel are the: (i) excellent location and (ii) large rooms. Avoid this hotel at all costs!	
Feb 22 2006	Great location!!	Having read previous reviews before our visit there was some apprehension before arriving. My wife, teenage son and I need not of worried, as our four night stay was all we could ask for given we were not paying high prices. The main benefit is its location. So near to many of the main attractions. Our room was one of the refurbished ones and as such delivered up to date everything, + space and cleanliness. The room was quiet (8th floor) and the service excellent. Would recommend this place to anyone wanting a reasonable place to stay in NYC.	
Feb 18 2006	Very nice stay....	My husband and I stayed one night at this hotel on 2 Feb. and thought it was very nice...not like a Hilton or Marriott,it was much smaller and more ....well, not modern...but it was sweet in an old fashioned way. Really lovely lobby...we stayed on the 12th floor...went to NYC to visit our daughter who is going to college there. She decided at the last minute to join us for the night. We booked a one bed room, but there was room for a cot....and it was delivered with extra towels within 5 minutes of our request. I think we had to pay 10 or $12 dollars extra for the night for her too. There was only room for one cot tho if you need more room, you need to book a larger room. Great location. Very nice people who work there. Coffee in the room. Large closet. Comfortable bed...we were there in the cold winter...the room was warm. NYC magazines with all the city happenings and maps available also. Good location on the East Side...upper Murray Hill area. Lots of good resaurants and bars close by. Walking distance.	
Jan 28 2006	Good value and location	The best thing about this hotel is the location. I would agree with previous review as I was also put in room 205! Noisy and old. We were moved on second night and it was a lovely room, very roomy and comfortable. Staff were very helpful with directions, restaurant bookings and limo reservations. Previous comments about underground stations and bus connections are true, it was easy to get around town and we didn't take a single cab our whole trip. We had a great time and I would definitely use this value for money hotel again.	
Jan 16 2006	Great Location	My family stayed at the Bedford Hotel over the Christmas period. The location was perfect being just over a block to Grand Central station. The room was huge we had a family of four in there with plenty of space, having a small kitchen was great for a family. There was plenty of storage space.The sofa bed could do with replacing but everything else in the room was fine. We found the staff very helpful and friendly. I would certainly recommend this hotel and I would certainly stay there again if I was to return to New York.	
Jan 9 2006	Love the Bedford	I stayed at the Bedford as part of a small group of 7 for 4 nights from Jan 3 - we had 3 rooms incl. 2 doubles and 1 junior suite. The price was great, location fantastic, staff were helpful and we all loved staying there. I have just read a few of the recent reviews and unsure why some people didnt like it. NYC is a noisy city no matter where you stay - this hotel is good value and is hard to beat in a location like this.PS We were looking forward to trying Blooms for breakfast but it is closed due to a fire - try Scotty's Diner just round the corner on Lexington - good breakfast and lovely staff.	
Dec 17 2005	great value at the bedford	Got a great rate for the weekend of December 10th-12th, and arrived early (before noon), expecting to leave luggage and check in later. Staff was very cordial. They had a room available and checked us in, giving our keys to the porter (you have to use him). It's new york, and he has to make a living too!Stayed in a &quot;deluxe studio&quot; for an annual girls' birthday/holiday weekend of shows, sightseeing and shopping with my sister-in-law.Initial impression: older, but very clean. By New York City standards (actually, any standards), the room was huge. No real view, but wasn't expecting one. I was expecting two twin beds, got two doubles. no microwave, but a &quot;murphy-style kitchenette&quot; with cooktop, mini frige, and dishes, utensils, pots, etc. Ridiculously immmense amount of closet space, including lock-up closet room with locking safe, but didn't use it. They &quot;doubled up&quot; on the toiletries. bathrooom was older ceramic tile, spotless, and there was plenty of hot water (pressure took a few minutes to &quot;settle down&quot;, up on the 15th floor!). Hotel is on the corner of 40th and lexington, and a 1-1/2 block walk to grand central terminal for most subway lines, number six subway within a block on lexington. Lots of quick breakfast/lunch places around, and starbucks across the street.My hotel priorities consist of location and value, without compromising safety and cleanliness. This hotel fits the bill. Will definitely return next year.	
Dec 5 2005	Got what we paid for....	My family stayed in a one bedroom suite at Thanksgiving. We were assigned one room and I complained. The room had carpet coming up and just looked worn. The second room was much better. The steam heat did not have thermostat control and was all on or off. We left it on and opened the windows. On Friday night the heat broke.I called the desk and they finally got things going again. The staff was friendly and tried to make everything work. It's an old hotel and needs a new lease on life.	
Dec 5 2005	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel with my Husband we stayed from the 26th November for 6 nights. After reading some reviews on trip advisor i felt like cancelling our holiday. Those people who have booked this holiday and have not went yet dont get to worried on the reviews. If your looking to go to New York on Holiday you wont be going there to stay in your hotel all the time. Believe me you will only be in your hotel to sleep. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and it was basic. A bit dated but it was clean. The bed was comfortable and huge the suite was big. There are loads of cupboards to keep all your shoppong in. The location of this hotel is excellent you are near everything 5 mins to 5th avenue. and 10 mins to Times square. Two blocks away there is a park and there is an ice rink and little market shops were you can buy all kinds of stuff. It is open till late.The hotel staff were friendly and very helpfull and the doorman is allways there to help but dont forget to tipp him. When we arrived we were allocated are room which i asked for a high floor and no smoking but i was given a smoking room so i called down to reception and they sent up the doorman with a new room key from a room on a different floor this time it was no smoking there was nothing that was to much trouble for the staff. Here is a little tip for you for transfering from the airport to the hotel dont get a taxi they are anything from $40 to $70 if you go out of the airport main entrance ther is a coach they drop you off at your at different locations through manhatten it is $15 single or $27 return and they pick you up and take you back to the airport so you wont spend alot on your transfer you will have more money to spend when your shopping. The bus terminal is round the corner from this hotel about 2 mins walk. Well i hope everyone has a fantastic time in the big apple like we did. I will deffentley be back to The Bedford Hotel again i would strongly recomend this hotel. The only down side of it all is that you have to come home and come back to reality.	
Dec 5 2005	great location huge rooms and cheap but thats about it	First piece of advice - if you get room 205 immediately ask for another room. We stayed in 205 and it was a huge room but it was only one floor up facing the street. The windows don't block out much noise (but it is a quiet neighbourhood in the evening) however we were woken in the mornings at about 6am with garbage trucks etc. Also the room is right above the service entrance, so you get all the noise from that as well. Also we think the room was probably above the boiler room as it was roasting every night and you could hear the fans 24/7 although you got used to it if you could forget about it. Also the plumbing was a concern as we could hear the toilet bubbling away every now and then.We considered asking for another room but we got used to the noises in the end.Besides that, the room was big and clean and we only paid $170USD a night plus tax in the end. As we didn't spend much time in the room, it didn't really bother us too much and didn't ruin our time in nyc but i probably wouldn't stay there again. Whilst waiting at the elevator one day we did see into another room which looked heaps better than ours, so they probably all aren't as bad as ours. My recommendation would definately be to try and get a room at the back of the hotel and up a few floors.	
Nov 23 2005	Affordable and a great location	Four of us recently stayed in a one bedroomed suite in the Bedford Hotel (with another 2 sharing a twin room). The location was excellent (20 mins walk to Macys is always an attractive feature! - and 20 mins to Bloomingdales in the other direction) and the hotel itself was clean (basic but clean), warm and affordable. If anyone is booking this hotel soon and is wondering what it is like, we can definitely recommend it. The one bedroomed suite was very spacious and totally accomodated all four of us and our numerous bags with ease! It would especially suit groups of girls like us, who want to save the cash to put towards the shopping. The overall cost of the hotel worked out at €350 per head for 5 nights accomodation.	
Nov 21 2005	Location location location.	My wife and I stayed here for one week with our seventeen year old daughter. We had a one bedroom suite which had a sofa bed and kitchenette in the lounge room and a huge and comfortable bed in the bedroom. The bathroom was old like the rest of the hotel but clean and functional. The shower had decent pressure and hot water at all times of day and night. September in NYC is hot and sticky so with three people looking for a minimum of two showers each per day this was crucial. Our room also had a lockable walk in cupboard which we were assured had only one key so security for our shopping was never an issue. All of the staff were pleasent and helpful at all times. Blooms deli, just four doors away is excellent for breakfast, we went every day. With Grand central just five minutes walk away the whole of manhattan is within easy reach. Fifth ave is just ten minutes away at a bewildered tourists pace. A midnight horse drawn carriage ride back from Times square to the hotel was just $45.00. The hotel is an excellent base for shopping and tourism not particularly cheap for a pretty basic hotel but then in NYC location is key and this place is right where you want to be.	
Nov 17 2005	three ladys in new york	two friends and i have just returned from new york. well what can i say but fantastic. we stayed at the bedford hotel in midtown. after reading some reviews we where a bit worried at what is was giong to be like, but it was great the staff were very pleasent and helpful. the room was very clean the maids came everyday and cleaned also changed the towels. the big advantage of these rooms are the kichenette only small but at least you can make a brew when you want not like most hotel rooms in new york which are room only. the view wasnt up to much as we where at the back but as we where only on the 7th floor we could just see the tip of the empire state building if you were higher up you would see more. the bathroom was very clean with a good powerful shower and nice and hot. just outside to the right is blooms a great place to eat for breakfast or dinner good portions and good price. we went on first day for breakfast &amp; dinner but unfortunatly that night they had a fire (which was very exiting with about 12 fire engines and police just like in a film)i must say nobody was hurt as it was closed at time. so we then went round corner to scottys dinner which was just as good. the postion of hotel was great 5mins from 5th ave and empire state, 15mins from times sq also as we were three women on our own and new to new york we felt very safe even at night to walk down the nereby steets. to sum up we would have no hesitation to go back to the bedford and recomend it to anyone. new york is a fantastic place we had a fantastic time and didnt want to come home everyone was so pleasent to us and helpful cant wait to go back.	
Nov 16 2005	Great Location Nice Hotel	A group of us stayed at this hotel and found it perfect for our trip.It's close to all the main sites, shops and within minutes walk to plenty of bars &amp; restaurants.We had the 1 bedroom suites which had double bed,convertible double sofa bed in the living room area &amp; kitchenette.The staff where helpfull and nothing was too much trouble.As with a lot of New York hotels it's an Old hotel but has everything you want for trip to New York with out breaking the bank,which leaves money for the more important things !	
Nov 7 2005	Comfortable stay	We were quite nervous after reading all the reviews but our six nights in this hotel were good. The roomwas big and both the double bed and pull-out bed were big and comfortable. The fridge was handy for water and juice. Some minor problems like hot/cold showersand broken room safe but not serious enough to cause any problems with our stay. The best thing about this hotel is location, location, location. If you are not a perfectionist then this hotel is suitable for staying in.	
Nov 2 2005	Mixed feelings	Well, I have to be honest: me and my boyfriend can only afford this hotel, and I was expecting just a decent and well-located place. BUT when we arrived a VERY rude man (in the night shift) just told us &quot;we had a problem with many rooms so there is no room for you. This is it, you have to go somewhere else&quot;. No &quot;we are sorry&quot;, no &quot;please excuse us&quot; (maybe this is the guy who went to sleep when the guests needed to check out! -as another traveler tells us). Fortunately, they sent us to San carlos Hotel (what a difference!) for a couple nights. When we went back to our &quot;reality&quot; found that the Bedford: has small but decent and CLEAN rooms. The safety box does not work. It is noisy (you hear slamming doors all the time). There is free internet access. In a nutshell: a decent and well located place. Will we be back? hummmm...does anyone know a better place for budget travelers???	
Oct 26 2005	Bedford Hotel was fine	We stayed 2 nights at the Bedford, finding it about the only suite under $300 for 4 adults to stay in the area. We paid $270 a night which in many other cities (like ours, Atlanta) I would have considered a rip off but hey it was NY.The tiny hotel lobby is nice, however, it is not wheelchair friendly as there are a half dozen stairs leading down to hotel lobby and that is the only access.The staff were pleasant, our room was ready earlier than we expected. However we were given a room w/ two twins instead of a queen. We immediately called down and as they were booked we could not switch. I did not want to unpack everything for one night so we stayed in that room. But other than that the room was good, had good views of the Empire State Building and if you leaned over, you could also see the Chrysler building. Carpet felt/smelled clean, furniture looked sort of dated but wasn't worn. Room was huge, although bathroom was small. Tiny little galley &quot;kitchen&quot;. No microwave. But the fridge was nice and we heated water and made coffee too, and they had plenty of mugs, plates, etc.The beds weren't that comfortable but they weren't the worst either. It was very very quiet at night (except occasional siren below on the street) and very dark as well.Everything was clean and functioning, except two things that bothered me were, 1. a big water spot on the ceiling (we were on the top floor), and 2. the shower - a little mildew on some tiles on the wall, and the water temperature varied wildly, you had to be careful not to get scalded.Also the windows opened fully - I don't know if that's common in NY but we were on the 17th floor and I would have been very nervous if we had young kids with us. No screens or anything.But all in all it was a decent stay. NY taxes are so high, I can't remember our final bill but it was definitely more than $270 a night b/c of taxes/fees that NYC levies.The location was pretty good, very close to Grand Central and the Chrysler building where we caught the subway, cabs were easy to get except for one morning, but it was rush hour.We ate at a nearby restaurant, Docks, which had good seafood and a nice atmosphere but was pretty pricey.I would recommend staying at the Bedford if you can't afford something nicer, it works for a family on a budget.	
Oct 20 2005	Good location... and that's about it!	Maybe we were just unlucky, but our 3 night stay at The Bedford started badly, didn't improve much, and then ended terribly!Upon arrival, we were shown to our room, but when I opened the closet it was full of clothes! Luckily whoever's room it really belonged to wasn't taking a shower! Finally we were shown to our actual, very small room, which was OK. What next? Oh yes. I put our valuables in the room safe, but when I opened it again that evening the power failed which meant I was unable to lock it again. I was assured by reception that their 'engineer' would fix it as soon as possible. Needless to say, when we checked out 3 days later the safe still wasn't working and I had resorted to hiding our passports in more and more bizarre places! We were allowed to squeeze our valuables into a tiny safety deposit box in reception. But when the guy on reception took about 10 minutes and about 15 keys to get it open again, I decided I'd stick to hiding things around the room.What next? Again on our first night, every time my wife used her hair dryer, we lost all power in the room, which had me fumbling about trying to find the fuse box. Never mind, &quot;let's go down to the hotel bar for a relaxing drink&quot;. Not quite. I know New Yorkers are famed for their 'attitude', but a guy behind the bar at the Bedford makes Danny DeVito's Louie De Palma character in Taxi seem like a nice pleasant chap! &quot;Let's go to bed then and get a good night's sleep&quot;. Wrong again. BANG! THUD! BANG! Someone should introduce the Bedford to hydraulic door closers. You know, those things that gently close a door behind you. The Bedford's doors are like giant mouse traps. Crashing shut every time someone enters or leaves their room. And unluckily for us, we were next door to a gang of party boys. In and out all night! BANG! BANG!Surely nothing else could go wrong on our New York trip? Doh! Both of us got food poisoning! (At least we can't blame that on the Bedford!) So we had to stay in bed all day Saturday and booked a cab at reception for 4am on the Sunday to leave for the airport, paying a $12 deposit. We were assured that it was a 24 hour check out. When we appeared in reception that morning (still shaking and shivvering with the effects of food poisoning), surprise surprise, there was no receptionist. Just a porter fast asleep on a sofa. When we woke him to ask if we could check out, he said &quot;Gimmee five more minutes!&quot; and went back to sleep! After the initial shock (was this real, or just a food poisoning induced nightmare?!) we woke him again and he told us that the receptionist had gone to bed in one of the rooms but hadn't told him which one! So he spent the next five minutes shouting his name up the stairs! (4.10am. No sign of our cab at this point.) Eventually the receptionist appeared and called the cab company who said that the booking was actually made for 4PM! So we had to get our deposit back and stagger down the street with our cases and catch another cab, arriving at the airport late, sick and fed up.Oh yes, it wasn't until I'd recovered from my illness till I realised that I was charged over $70 above the agreed rate for our stay!Bye, bye Bedford. Never again.	
Oct 11 2005	Great value for lads trip to NYC	Me and three friends booked this for our four night trip to New York, and were assigned a one bedroom studio (two single beds and two foldaway beds in the living room). The room was decent, but not too grand with a tiny kitchen area behind a cupboard - useful for making drinks, storing drinks, breakfast etc... Plenty of closet space, small but clean bathroom. Quiet rooms in this hotel that is SO close to Grand Central Station - very convienient. Staff are friendly and helpful too.	
Oct 3 2005	Very good value for money	Very good hotel for the money. My travel agent made a mistake on my booking and booked a double instead of a twin room, and upon arrival they managed to change it promptly, even though they had to change alot about! staff are very helpful, rooms have aircon and kitchenette, including fridges. They allow you to leave your bags after check out, and use the lounge in the lobby. they even arranged our cab back at a cheaper rate (flagging down taxis is a mission) When i return to New York, I will use the bedford hotel without issue!John S.	
Sep 27 2005	Be sure to get a decent room	I would be sure to insist on a decent room at this hotel. I tried two duds before I was even half satisfied. The hotel is conventiently placed near Grand Central Station but has no real services available. The bathrooms were badly in need of a refit and airconditioning was virtually non existent. There are many better hotels in the price bracket.	
Sep 18 2005	Convenience at our New York home	We take our various grandchildren to New York- have done so four times. We have always stayed at the Bedford. It is CONVENIENT. The shuttle from Newark Intl (Liberty) stops a block away. It's two blocks from Grand Central and subway connections, including a Times Square shuttle. Within a block are, a convenience store with Dr. Pepper, an anytime diner, a great Jewish delicatessen (Bloom's), and a drugstore. The Bedford is not elegant but is comfortable, with a friendly staff. Our rooms had complete kitchenettes with pots and pans and tableware (you can doggie-bag it from Bloom's)! The hotel has a good Italiian restaurant, open spasmotically, and there is a nice, tiny, in-hotel bar (when we want a few minutes to ourselves). My wife lost an earring somewhere in the room, told the staff, and a week later she received it in the mail. My grandchildren (all girls), known to be picky, love it, and my wife and I do too. It's our New York home.From Texas	
Sep 9 2005	Worked Out Great	Three of us stayed in a one-bedroom suite with a sleeper sofa between Aug. 31 and Sept. 4. Location was terrific (easily walked from Broadway and Times Square), very close to subway at Grand Central, and decent restaurants and stores all around. Best part: we stayed in Room 1501 which had a fairly large patio, where we looked up at the MetLife (formerly PanAm) building and a small piece of the top of the Chrysler Building. You could also look down 40th Street and see the East River into Queens. On the patio, we had morning coffee and wine in the evening. How many reasonably-priced rooms in Manhattan can give that kind of experience?! The room was a little quirky and slightly rough around the edges, but it was large, clean, and comfortable enough for three. For the price and location, we didn't care. I'd stay there again.	
Aug 11 2005	Excellent location	This was my first visit to New York with my son and I was a little hesitant about the hotel after reading some of the reviews on here. Anyway....the hotel lobby is very grand and plush, which is a little misleading as the room we stayed in was shabby in places: The bathroom was very old fashioned and the wall paper by the street window was peeling off. There was also piles of rumble/dirt tucked into corners by the window and snail shells tucked behind the air vent! Despite all this the beds were comfortable and the rest of the decor was fine. The hotel staff were quite freindly, although I must stress the porter was very unprofessional. The location of the hotel is excellent. It's central to almost everything yet tucked away in a quieter road away from the hustle and bustle. There is a diner on the corner called Blooms which serves fantstic food by really freindy staff. All in all this is a nice, quite, safe hotel. I would stay at the Bedford again primarly because of its position but next time be a bit more assertive and mention about the lack of cleanliness.	
Aug 11 2005	Great Place to Stay	I stayed at the Bedford for a week at the end of July. The reception staff were friendly, polite and helpful and there was no problem with my reservation, made through a discount website (I did contact the hotel separately to confirm my reservation and arrival time).The room was old but clean and comfortable. It had a certain charm although it didn't have a view. It was spacious by New York standards. The room - a studio room - had a microwave, coffee maker and fridge. High speed dial up internet access was freely available.The location is fantastic - only a block and a half to Grand Central, the subway and the Airport bus. It was centrally located for walking to many sites and attractions. Lots of dining and take out options near by and like another reviewer, I found Scotty's Diner (just around the corner in Lexington Ave) a good option for breakfast.I would be happy to stay there again.	
Jun 19 2005	Surprisingly good	Having read some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I had mixed feelings about staying at the Bedford. On arrival though, I found that I needn't have worried. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was large and well furnished. The bathroom was on the small side but, along with the room, was extremely clean - the complimentary toiletries were a bonus!! The beds and sofa bed were very comfortable. The staff were very friendlyand were very knowledgable about things to do in New York. The location was excellent - within walking distance of all the main tourist attractions/shops. There were lots of bars/restaurants nearby - Scotty's Diner around the corner is particularly good and inexpensive.	
Jun 13 2005	Good stay at the Bedford	I stayed at the Bedford with a friend for six nights at the end of May including the Memorial Day weekend. We both found the hotel much better than we expected from some of the reviews. I agree that it is in need of renovation and redecoration but the room was large &amp; clean. The beds were comfortable and there was always hot water for a bath - did not test the shower. Above all the staff were exceptionally nice and helpful. The safe in our room was broken which was a bit of a nuisance but we were offered an individual safe behind reception if we had wished. The location in midtown New York is excellent and there are handy places to eat and/or buy food. Bloom's do a good, but very large breakfast, and the 24-hour Deli on Lexington does whatever you want most of the time.	
Jun 6 2005	Cheap and well placed	We stayed at the Bedford for four nights over the memorial day weekend, and found it to be a fine hotel.Ok some of the fittings are a little past their prime, but the suite for 4 people was large and airy, and as we were on the 15th floor we had the added advantage of the balcony that had superb views of the Empire state building.The staff were helpfull and quite knowlegable.Superb position on 40th and Lexington, with a 5 minute walk to the Grand Central subway station.	
May 18 2005 	Bedlam at the Bedford	BEWARE - these guys could care less about you as a guest. I arrived at the Bedford at 9 pm. They told me they had no rooms available to honor my prepaid reservation due to water problems. OK, stuff happens, I understand. Then they sent me across town to a facility that would not even qualify as a youth hostel (a lobby sign proudly proclaimed that all rooms now had bathrooms) where the posted room rate was $100 - I had paid $175 through Orbitz for the Bedlam. Anyway, it didn't really matter because the new hotel didn't have rooms available either. They were oversold - but I was welcome to wait and maybe something could become available. While conversing with the clerk (through bullet proof glass normally seen only in bad neighborhood liquor stores), I overheard a poor British woman crying in the line next to me. She had travelled all day from England, and had waited 7 hours (so far) to get into her prepaid reserved room.I called the Bedford back but the man at the front desk said there was nothing else he could do. I travel almost every week, and have for over 30 years, but have never been left stranded in the middle of the night like this. NY was completely sold out. I had wander door to door until someone finally took pity on me (for $600!). Reserve at the Bedford only at your own considerable risk.	
May 16 2005	comfortable stay at the Bedford	I stayed at the Bedford with my husband, son, and five-year-old granddaughter on the nights of May 1 through May 5. Having read the mixed reviews of the place, I was more than a little apprehensive--comfortable hotel or just a dump? I'm happy to report that we were all pleased with this hotel. We were in a one-bedroom suite, which had a HUGE living room and smallish but adequate bedroom. The decor is fine; I was worried it would be depressing. There is plenty of drawer space and two large closets. The bathroom is acceptable and clean, but, as with the rooms, you can't hide the fact that this is an old hotel. We had no problems with water turning from scalding to cold, and there was plenty of water pressure. (My son said taking a shower was like having his body pressure-washed!) Don't expect much from the &quot;Kitchen.&quot; The little refrigerator is fine, and it's nice to have the extra sink, but the two stovetop burners are VERY slow, and there is no microwave. Unlike another reviewer, I found the iron to be clean. Maid service was good, too; I made a point of leaving a tip each day. The safe, which sits in a closet that can be locked, is very small, and the hotel will only guarantee valuables if they are locked inside the safe. So I wouldn't recommend locking up your computer in the closet. The hotel now offers free Internet access, which we didn't use (having left our computers at home). Note that the charge for phone calls from the room is steep; your best bet is to buy an &quot;800&quot;-type phone card and use that instead. The one-bedroom suite has two phones but just one TV. Nonsmokers: Be sure to check with the hotel that you are indeed booked into a nonsmoking room. The hotel doesn't have many rooms of that type. Although there is absolutely no view, we liked being in the back of the hotel (room 506), where it's very quiet. The hotel's location is superb; it's just so accessible to everything. Finally, we were very happy with breakfast at the diner (Scotty 's) around the corner on Lexington; it's quite inexpensive and good, and kept us going for hours. There are all kinds of restaurants (in various price ranges) within walking distance, too.	
May 14 2005	good value at the Bedford	Perfectly good room. Staff were great. We were on a sight seeing &amp; shopping trip, and really only needed a place for breakfast &amp; sleeping. Lots of brilliant takeaways around, Starbucks on the corner, and &quot;Wishy Washy&quot; within 2 minutes walk. No need to come home to a case full of washing!	
Apr 28 2005	quite good actually	We booked this hotel at quite short notice after a small problem with the booking at the Southgate (not the hotels fault, just the booking agent). Got a 1 bedroomed suite for around £100 a night and to be honest it wasn't at all bad. Although I was concerned as every site I went to about this place gave a different ratingI found the hotel to be clean (maybe the windows could do with a quick wash, and the bathroom was a bit dated) and pleasant. The staff where great, especially the maid and the doorman (who managed to get us a cab to Newark for $60 all inc, and even offered to go around the corner and collect our takeaway). And it had quite simply the biggest bed I have ever seen.If you want a large room/suite quite cheap without any bells and whistles then go for the bedford. One thing to consider is the hotels location, it is a good walk to Times Square or the ESBOne tip. the filter coffee in the room is foul, Duane Read sell the papers for the machine and starbucks will do the coffee grounds	
Apr 28 2005	Value for money!	We stayed at the Bedford for 6 nights from march 19 - 25. The location of the hotel is ideal on 40th street in Midtown, 5 minutes walk from Grand Central Station and 5th Avenue shopping. The hotel is situated on a calm and quite street, which is nice. We had a room with twin beds on the second floor. The room was large and had all the amenities we needed. The hotel is in some need of renovation, though the furniture and amenities seems to be new and of high standards. The bathroom was not modern, but was rather well-kept. The water in the shower had a tendency of shifting from hot to cold without notice, a &quot;classic&quot; feature in older hotels I guess... Towels were clean and changed every day. The cleaning of the room was very good. Overall, we were happy with this room and our stay at the Bedford Hotel. It is not a hotel you visit for the atmosphere, but the location and value for money are strong points to consider. We can recommend this hotel if you are on a limited budget (we payed about $150 a night for the room, no breakfast included).	
Apr 11 2005	great value	Was a bit scared of staying here after reading some of the reviews about this place. I found this hotel great value for money compared to similar hotels of this price. The rooms were really large, with huge beds and a TV. The bathrooms were a little small and could do with updating but were perfectly fine for just a few days. Found all staff very helpful and the hotel was in a fantastic location, couldnt have been better!Only slight problem was the noise of the pipes at night which were very loud but slept through most of it as exhausted from the busy days. Overall would definitley stay here again, its not the plaza but then you arent paying plaza prices. Great base for a great holiday.	
Apr 11 2005	Needs a major facelift!	Stayed at the Bedford on Sat., 4/9/05 - just one night, thank goodness. I was with 4 girlfriends, so I slept on a cot that was like sleeping in a wire hammock. The room was clean, but very &quot;tired&quot;. The bathroom was old, mildewed and exhaust fan-less (hence the mildew), and we wouldn't touch anything in the kitchenette - very grungy. Also, the pipes made A LOT of noise and it often sounded like the toilet was going to explode. It was easy to get scalded in the shower, as the water temperature changed radically whenever someone flushed elsewhere in the hotel. The iron needed to be cleaned and the ironing board was in bad shape. It was, however, VERY SPACIOUS and the staff members were friendly and helpful. If the owners would only renovate/update the Bedford, it would be a first class hotel!	
Mar 21 2005	Great location	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 6 nights from 12th March 2005. The staff were very helpful and friendly, our room was clean and very comfortable, it was cleaned and towels were changed everyday. It is a middle of the row hotel, but you do not go to NYC to spend time in your hotel room! It is a nice place to sleep with a great location. It is close to everywhere you need to go to whlist staying in NYC, 5th Avenue, Grand Central Station, so easy to jump on the subway down to Greenwich Village and Soho areas, Time Square and some great bars in midtown! I would recommend staying here and would stay there again!	
Mar 15 2005	It was ok	I stayed at the bedford hotel over the New Year in 2005 from the 27th December until the 6th January. The staff were very friendly but I had stopped in better hotels in the past. It didn't really matter though as i was hardly there, with all the shopping and sight seeing.I would PROBABLY go again but with different people and a different hotel.	
Mar 11 2005	Okay i guess	Ive just got back from my stay at the bedford hotel. The location was great, about 10mins walk will take you to times square etc. Its based on a quiet road so you hardly hear any traffic noise !The hotel rooms were nice, i stayed in a one bedroom suite which was great the four of us. Clean, lots of space and having a kitchenette included was very handy ! The reception staff at the hotel were pretty unhelpful and rude. Im not sure if i would come back to this hotel as we were not made feel welcome what so ever. But i cant say the same for the baggage staff that helped us to our room, they were very friendly and inviting !	
Mar 9 2005	Perfect would definately stay here again.	Me &amp; my Mom stayed at the Bedford Hotel in Feb 2005 for 5 nights and we found the room very spacious, clean &amp; charming. it was in the perfect location to everything and the staff were very friendly and helpful. they recommended places to eat which were lovely.I thought New York was fantastic and I will definately be coming back some time in the future. Unless I'm lucky enough to win the lottery and be able to pay to stay at the Waldorf Astoria, I would be happy to stay at the Bedford because I know that it is ideal and nice.I would recommend this hotel if you want to save your money for sight seeing &amp; shopping. There is so much to see &amp; do you literally only sleep in your room anyway. Bellunos (italian) and Peking Park (chinese) are just minutes away and we had lovely meals there. We found an irish bar called Mulligans near by and we had nice food there to, the bar staff were very welcoming. The pick up point for the bus to the airport is in the next street and is $12.00. We got a taxi to the hotel from the airport and it was $60.00 but had we got the bus it would have been $20.00 return. Just remember that you have to tip everyone there. It was one of my best holidays, Statue of Liberty &amp; Central Park were great and the Empire State building was fantastic.	
Jan 28 2005	terrible hotel great loacation	i am stunned at the positive ratings this hotel receives here on tripadvisor. we were totally disgusted with everything from start to finish. very unfriendly staff. i specifically booked a non smoking room, and guess what i got! on the webpage it said: free breakfast, pool, fitness centre. when i confronted the manager she just said that they were misrepresented by (---) and that they cannot take responsibillity for it.the cups were not properly cleaned, they were busy with alterations and the carpets had a musty, filthy smell. they never cleaned under the bed, and so i can go on and on!i'll be back in ny in june, but hell knows, that place won't see me again!	
Jan 27 2005	Not-so-great hotel for NYC	Four of us stayed at the Bedford for four days in December 2004. The lobby is nice and comfortable. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 6 pm. The rooms need updating and are uninviting. The room temperature was extremely hot. We had to open windows to cool it down. An outlet in the bedroom was not working. When we unplugged the lamp to plug something else in, sparks went everywhere causing all power to go out in the room. The hotel staff was able to accomodate us and provide a different room. All in all, I would not recommend staying at the Bedford, especially if you will only be going to New York City once in your life. However, the location is excellent and the staff was friendly.	
Jan 10 2005	Good choice for The Big Apple	We stayed here for a full week in Dec04, having picked the hotel from this Tripadvisor website. The room was big, clean, fresh sheets daily, view of Empire State Building, good to have a lockable wardrobe with safe inside for all your shopping. The staff was friendly.It also very much depends on your own attitude and friendlyness (and do give a tip, its custom and $5 well spent) The location is great, especially for the airport bus service, 2 streets away! and for major attractions like mentioned in all reviews. It was our first time in New York and we were delighted with the hotel&amp;location. We felt safe in the area and it had a pub, chinese takeaway, internet cafe, deli, restaurants within a few minutes walk. The restaurant next door had a good Set Menu dinner which we enjoyed very much. Blooms deli on the corner is good for breakfast. We would stay here again if we were lucky enough to visit the Big Apple in the future. Why take the risk of another hotel when you have found something that suits you? We would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 1 2005	great affordable hotel	I stayed at the Bedford during the summer, with some friends. When we first arrived we were welcomed by friendly, helpful staff. The rooms weren't fantastic, but clean. The food in the hotel wasn't great but with the hotel being central its only a short walk to the likes of starbucks, supermarkets etc.It was only a 10 minute walk to the Empire State building and macys.Grand Central station was about a 5 minute walk from the hotel.The Bedford is no Ritz Carlton but if your looking for a comfortable well located hotel with friendly staff then stay at the Bedford.I will definitley be returning.	
Dec 29 2004	good value at the Bedford	Stayed at the Bedford April 2004.Booked a family room to sleep four people and found the room a decent size and clean enough although decor and furniture needed a bit of updating.The hotel doesn't have much in amenities but who wants to stay in their hotel all day when you're in New York. Staff were freindly enough and helped when asked and everything in the room worked. The location is ideal just a short walk to a few attractions Times square, Madison Square Garden, Grand Central, Empire State, Macys,( Central Park a little further) But you have to be prepared to get a taxi or tube if you want to see everthing New York has to offer. Overall I would recommend the Bedford to anyone wanting to stay in New York who didn't want to spend a fortune on accomadation my room cost 120 pounds a night.	
Dec 18 2004	Bedford hotel Was Just Okay Nothing More	We stayed at the Bedford Hotel on December 7-9. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were given a smoking room even though we requested a non-smoking room. We were offered a non smoking room for the following day because the hotel was sold out that night. The smoking room was horrible! The room was cold and drafty (there was a little heat coming from the furnace), noisy, and in need of renovation. The paint was chipping, the carpet was filthy, overall, it stunk! Any rooms ending in 01-05 are on the front side of the hotel and you will hear the noise from the street 24-7, so try to get a room 06-10 which is on the backside of the hotel and much quieter. The next day we moved to the non-smoking room and all I can say is it almost seemed as though we were in another hotel. The room was clean, odor-free, spacious, and much quieter. Oh, by the way, the hotel advertises that it has microwaves in the rooms - NOT! There was not a microwave in either room. The mini-kitchen had 2 stove burners, a mini fridge, plates and silverware. Overall it was a good value for the money, that is, the non-smoking room.	
Dec 13 2004	Great hotel	Just got back from the Bedford, stayed 12/10/04-12/12/04. The rooms were big, bathroom a bit small but you don't sleep in there so it dosen't matter! Staff was nice, parking is reasonable at $22 a night with a validated stamp from the hotel, only downside it's about a 3 block walk but then that's about all you do while there is walk. Right down the street from Grand Central Station, on a quiet street compared to things closer to Times Square. Clean, great location would stay there again!	
Nov 20 2004	Clean hotel in a great location.	A friend and I stayed here for 5 nights from 10th Nov. We arrived at the hotel to discover that the room only had one bed, rather than the twin we'd booked. Although the reception staff were somewhat disinterested, I spoke to the Sales Manager on the 'phone and she agreed to get it sorted for me. Although that night meant me sleeping on a fold-away bed, we were moved the following morning to a bigger, better room which housed a box of truffles and a letter of apology. The staff, although not always on the ball, were incredibly friendly and there was always someone around if needed.The hotel is in a great location, with the Chrysler Building, Times Square, Empire State Building and Grand Central Station all within easy walking distance. It's worth bearing in mind that 20 blocks is the equivalent of 1 mile, so everything is close!As two females travelling alone we felt really safe and were surprised to see a high police presence, especially down some of the quieter streets.I would definitely recommend the hotel to people who are looking for a clean, friendly hotel in a quieter part of town but who want close access to the sights, a good diner or two and a decent coffee house.A word of advice - leave plenty of time to get to the airport for your return flight! Most of all, enjoy!	
Nov 19 2004	Very large room with view of Empire State Building	My teenage daughter and I stayed at the Bedford in November 2004. We had a very large room with a queen bed and a great view. The hotel staff were very helpful concerning anything we asked.There was a 24 hour diner around the corner, and a Starbucks across the street. We ate at the diner twice, after 11pm. We walked home from the theatre very late and felt safe doing so.The hotel is very old, so there are problems related to that, such as the temperature of the water in the shower is very hard to regulate, and the heat is controlled by the staff (window units for a/c), so we felt the room was too warm sometimes, and couldn't do anything about it. Also the furnace made noise all night one night. We told the staff the next morning, and it was better the next night.	
Nov 9 2004	Excellent Location	We stayed here in June 2004 at and found the accomodation comfortable. It was clean and had no problem with the room. The staff at the hotel were friendly.The hotel was also in a great location, grand central station was 5 mins away, we could see the Empire State Building from our hotel window and this was also only a short walk. The bus that you can catch which picks you up from and to the airport is only round the corner.Would definately choose this as a place to stay when I go back to New York!	
Nov 5 2004	Comfortable and Great Location	My daughter and I stayed at the Bedford Hotel from November 2, 2004 to November 4, 2004. The hotel has a charming and inviting lobby and the hotel staff was very friendly. The best thing about the hotel is its location. It is nestled between Park Avenue and Lexington Avenue on East 40th Street. Great midtown location. Just a few minutes by foot to Grand Central Station. Yes, the decor of the rooms are outdated...but the room was comfortable and we had everything we needed. There is an intimate Italian restaurant around the corner on Lexington Avenue called Belluno's that had excellent service and good food. There is a good diner a couple of doors down and Starbuck's across the street. I would return for another visit.	
Oct 27 2004	And it's near Grand Central Station	We stayed 6 nights in the Bedford,2 adults and 2 children in a suite.OK, the furniture and fittings were a bit faded but the room was comfortable,clean, and had all the facilities we needed.I mean you're hardly going to stay in your room all day in a place like New York surely?With Bloom's diner on the corner we would have no hesitation in booking this Hotel for our next visit.	
Oct 10 2004	Excellent!!	My friend and i stayed at the Bedford for 5 days. The hotel was very nice, the staff very helpful, especially when my friend became ill and we needed a doctor.It is quite central and within easy walking distance of 5th Ave and Grand Central Stn.Am looking to stay there again soon. Well done.	
Aug 30 2004	Spacious rooms	Have just returned from a great time in New York. After reading some of the previous reviews was a bit apprehensive about staying at the Bedford. We found our rooms to be very spacious although I do have to agree they could do with updating, but they were clean, had loads of room and the little kitchenette was handy, although didn't cook on it.We found the staff to be friendly and pleasant . Great location, only minutes from Grand Central Station. Only complaint would be the air conditioning was a little noisy, other than that would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2004	Good location	We have just returned from a busy week in New York. The Hotel was in a good location, our room was a 1 bed suite, it was a good size and clean. The staff were freindly.Our only concern was that the room was in desperate need of an update, the carpet had an odd smell and the bathroom was very 70's.We would not return unless it had been throughly modernised.	
Aug 15 2004	Really nice!	Excellent service, good clean room and great location for the price. Will be on my favs list. Recommend highly!	
Jul 31 2004 	Ideal location great room for the price!	The rooms at the Bedford are a good size, and having the refrigerator/microwave/coffeemaker in the room is a great money saver for breakfast, lunch and snacks. Yes, the furniture is older and the in-room safe didn't work, but the place was clean and the staff extremely helpful. The restaurant delivery guide in the room clued me in to Fagiolini, a wonderful casual Italian restaurant with very reasonable dinner prices (entrees $10-$15) and excellent food that was just around the corner on Lexington and 39th. Cabs were easy to get, and there were two diners, three Italian restaurants, a seafood restaurant, Japanese, Thai and Chinese restaurants all within a half-block. Note to those traveling to Memorial Sloan Kettering's outpatient pavilion at 53rd and 3rd--the Bedford is an easy 12-15 minute walk from the treatment center. Another note for people traveling in late August--rates have all been doubled since the Republican national convention will be in NYC. For the rate I got at the end of July ($109/night for a queen bed), the hotel was perfect. Not sure I'd pay $239 for the same room!	
Jul 29 2004	Excellent	Me, my mother and a friend stayed at this hotel in May 2004 for one week.We stayed in a tower suite which was very spacious and it even had a balcony. The room was very clean so also towels and linen.The room had two tvs which worked well, and a kitchenette with fridge and coffeemaker. In room safe and iron/ironingboard were also available.Staff were friendly, fast elevators, nice lobby, overall a great hotel for the price paid.We will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2004	Cheap Cheerful and a Fantastic Location!!	Just back from my first visit to New York with my girlfriend. Really enjoyed staying at the Bedford. It was great. The staff were polite and helpful and the room was spacious and clean. From our window we had a perfect view of the Empire State Building which was novel. The bathroom was a bit old fashioned but worked and there was plenty of hot water. There were loads of restaurants nearby on Lex Ave and 3rd Ave, while Time's Square was only a 10min walk away. Grand Central Terminal is only a 2min walk and with the Subway, everywhere is close. So I would have no hesitation in sending my friends here....	
Jun 22 2004	Bedford = brilliant location	I've just come back from the Bedford and will definitely stay there again on my next trip to NYC. The room was large, comfortable and well equipped (hairdryer, iron and ironing board in room, fridge, kettle, cutlery and crockery &amp; good air con). The location of the hotel is perfect if you are using buses to get to and from the airport and it is also in a great location for getting to all the major tourist spots in NYC. The hotel staff are polite and professional.I didnt experience any problem with hotel's plumbing. The bathroom could have done with some refurbishment but it was spotlessly clean.	
Jun 20 2004	it's a nice place to stay	Had a very pleasant stay at the Bedford Hotel from 6/15-6/17. Room was of adequate size &amp; clean with two single-twin beds, a small kitchenette &amp; a reasonably sized bathroom. Staff at the front desk were pleasant, friendly &amp; helpful. Location of the hotel was very convenient and within walking distance of many places of interest. Compared to the first hotel we stayed at (Hotel Pennsylvannia), the Bedford was way better especially in terms of cleanliness &amp; comfort! 	
Jun 19 2004	Nice Staff... hotel needs to be updated	This hotel is way past its prime. The carpet needed to be replaced and the rooms were in need of a new paint job. The bathroom was far from clean. There was dirt and grime in the corners near the door and hair in such in the bathtub. For $150 a night I was expecting a clean room. However; the staff was extremely nice and friendly. The location was ideal as well. I took the airport service from JFk and it dropped me off at Grand Central Station. Form there I walked about a block and I was at the Hotle. That was nice. The hotel's location is ideal and it is in walking distance of everything. (Av. of the Americas, 5th Av, Empire State Building, ect.) That part was good and the hotel does grow on you in the end... but that is not enough to make up for the lack of cleanliness.	
Jun 3 2004	A little worn but clean safe and comfortable	We stayed in a one bedroom suite, for two weeks in May, which was perfect, especially if you want some time to yourself. Although the room was a bit dated, it was clean. We found the staff polite and courteous.The location of the Bedford is ideal and is within walking distance to everything, especially Grand Central station.Do keep track of any outgoing calls that you make. We were charged for some sort of internet access that we did not make during our stay. The staff quickly rectified this and we paid only for the calls that we made.	
May 16 2004	Good value but many problems	Plus points - decent sized rooms, good location, good value for money.Minus points - very unhelpful staff, terrible plumbing (noise and effectiveness), old furnishings, poor check-in (got room at 11pm!)In conclusion, if you can put up with the negatives, the location and value for money make the Bedford a reasonable choice.	
May 5 2004	Ok for the money	I stayed in the Bedford hotel the 30April-2May. It is in a good area, cabs were very accessible , the staff was nice . The furniture is outdated. It looks like something someones old grandmother would have in their house, but it was decent for the money. I was upgraded to a king suite becuase they only had twin room available. The &quot;suite&quot; has only 1 TV (you have to pull it from front room to bed room), and the hotel has the old fashion air conditioners that are in the window.I wanted to have a late checkout but was told that I couldnt leave 30 mins later cause they needed the room. When I went downstairs (on time) I noticed that there was luggage everywhere, so evidently lots of folks were checking in and they indeed did need the room.All in all the room was above average for the price we paid (150)	
Apr 25 2004	Brilliant rooms! Budget prices!	The Hotel Bedford was a fantastic hotel for us on our school trip at the beginning of April. Our room was very clean and tidy as was well equiped with a kitchenette, cable television, phone and plenty of toiletrries. Only downside being an electric shock from one of the lamps in our room. Staff were helpful and friendly and as mentioned in another review the deli 'Bloom's' around the corner was fantastic for breakfast! Only downside was the lift was permantly busy, and the only other options were a pair of steep, narrow stairs. Not ideal for taking luggage down!!	
Apr 21 2004	A little Gem	We (myself,husband and our 4 teenagers)have just returned to England and stayed in the Hotel Bedford for 5 nights.It is an excellent base,it's in a quiet,very safe road though convenient to Grand Central Station(5 mins walk)Times Square (15 mins,)Empire State(15 mins)The rooms (we had a double and a suite)are cleaned daily,they are well equipped with towels, toiletries,coffee etc.The suite had a kitchenette.There is cable T.V.Rates are comparable to other hotels in awful noisy locations (we viewed while there, we had considered beforehand and they were dire!)I would recommend the hotel to anyone,the staff were courteous and friendly,we checked out at 11am but flight wasn't going until 9pm and we were allowed to leave luggage there for the day.My only complaint would be noisy plumbing in the early hours!!We would definately stay in this hotel again,good Italian restaurant in hotel and plenty of good eating,drinking establishments nearby.	
Apr 20 2004	Simple but good value.	Carpets and furniture a little worn, so in need of an update, but friendly, clean and, in spite of what else you may read, plenty of hot water and very little noise from the plumbing! Staff were friendly and courteous at all times, great with the children and always smiling. Blooms deli on the corner is a great place for breakfast. We had a quite a rapport with the staff by the end of our break. Hotel well situated and within walking distance of 5th Ave. Empire State etc. If you're not fussy about how recent the decor is, go for this one.	
Apr 19 2004	Nightmare	This Hotel was not what it sounds.....we reluctantly stayed one night and then moved! Just a few things: unknown stains on the pullout couch, burnt curtians, mold under the pullout mattress, musty smells and very dark rooms (just to list a few). I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone!	
Apr 19 2004	hated it do not stay here	rooms were not clean, terrible wiring, most lamps could not even be plugged in, nbc and cbs tv stations would not come in, towels were very, very rough, no washcloths, pull out sofa mattress very uncomfortable-sank in the middle, we used coffee cups in morning, these were not even washed when room was done. check in clerk very unfriendly. no doorman on duty when we arrived and there are stairs to manuever to get to front desk. no conceirge help for tickets and reservations, --our first trip to new york and we had a wonderful time inspite of our terrible accomodations. Would definitly go back to new york, but would never stay at the Beford Hotel again.	
Apr 17 2004	Good value - Great location	My daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Bedford 6th - 15th April. The room was clean and very spacious, the staff helpful and friendly. The hotel is ideally situated and we would definitely use again.	
Apr 14 2004	Good choice!	I stayed at the bedford hotel just last week and I was verry satisfyed with everything. The room and bath was spaecous and clean with a afe, kitchenette and enough towels. The staff was very helpfull and friendly and above all the hotel is perfectly situated near Grand Central station. I would definitely stay there next time again!!!	
Apr 12 2004	Just Right	We stayed at the Bedford the week of April 5-9 and would highly recommend it. The location was tremendous - just around the corner from Grand Central Station. We took the N.Y. Airport Service bus from Laguardia and it drops off south of GC, so we just walked with our bags a few hundred yards. Could not have been more convenient.Plenty of restaurants right around the hotel. The room was clean and pretty roomy considering what you get in NY -- also had a fridge, sink and even a stove. This is an older hotel so the fixtures ect. are not exactly modern and this is not a luxuary accommodation -- but to get that you pay through the nose. Staff was very friendly and maid service was efficient.If you go to New York to see the city and need a handy and decent place to stay, you cannot find a better deal. Only those who want pampering and luxuary will be disappointed.	
Apr 7 2004	Great value	My brother and I stayed at the Bedford hotel from March 12 till March 17, 2004.On the positive side, it had: - a great location (midtown Manhattan within walking distance to the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Times Square)- clean, well furnished rooms with a safe, minibar, hair dryer, tea/coffee making facilities- helpful and very accommodating staff (front desk and concierge) who even let us use the microwave in the lobbyThe only negative was that the water temperature in the bath/shower kept switching between hot and cold.Overall, the Bedford hotel was inexpensive, centrally located with clean, adequate rooms and friendly, helpful staff.We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2004	Bedford Hotel - Would Recommend	I was pleased with the Bedford Hotel overall. The location was good - very near to Grand Central Station, and near to shops, restaurants, etc. The room was quite spacious and clean. The only thing that let the room down was the 'kitchenette'. It was a small cupboard containing a sink, (ancient) coffee maker, and a two electric cooking rings which took at least half an hour to boil the kettle. The staff weren't over-friendly, but willing to help if you asked them. I would recommend this hotel and found it good value for money.	
Mar 15 2004	Excellent value	Location ideal, good value and friendly staff. Approx 1 minute walk from the drop off/pick up point for all the airport buses. Clean, tidy and a perfect base for sightseeing. However, would not be good for people with limited mobility, as the hotel is entered via a flight of steps.	
Mar 9 2004	Great Location	Very close to everything. No problem with the staff or rooms. Even got a late check out. Im quite pleased I didnt take into account some negative comments posted. Would do again.	
Feb 19 2004	Walls are very thin		
Feb 17 2004	Do Not Stay Here		
Jan 26 2004	Bedford was excellent value		
Jan 2 2004	not brilliant at Christmas		
Dec 31 2003	superb		
Oct 23 2003	The place to stay on a budget in NY		
Jul 10 2003	Excellent location		
Apr 4 2003	Bedford - good value for money		
Mar 26 2003	Good value		
Nov 13 2002	Good place to stay		
Nov 12 2009 	Justo lo que necesitamos		
Nov 9 2009 	Hotel trés sympa à N.Y.		
Oct 28 2009 	et bien ça alors		
Sep 3 2009 	buon soggiorno		
Sep 3 2009 	consigliato		
Jul 21 2009 	Muy bien ubicado y cómodo		
Jul 9 2009 	Cómodo y bien comunicado		
Jul 8 2009 	Un Hotel nella giusta direzione...		
Jul 1 2009 	Porque no aplican el valor de la reserva on line?		
Jun 22 2009 	simple et correct		
Apr 24 2009 	Molto buono		
Nov 18 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Sep 20 2008 	Posizione perfetta!		
Sep 15 2008 	Calido Hotel		
Sep 13 2008 	una studio rioom d'agosto al bedford.		
Aug 19 2008 	Estupendo hotel en pleno Midtown		
May 18 2008 	da consigliare		
Mar 11 2008 	vacanza da favola hotel fantastico!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Feb 29 2008 	Un buen hotel		
Dec 28 2007	Bedford Hotel: ottima scelta!		
Nov 8 2007	buscate otra cosa		
Oct 6 2007 	Altamente consigliato		
Sep 15 2007 	Excelente Ubicación		
Aug 19 2007 	Está muy bien		
May 22 2007 	Excellente localisation mais attention		
