	Great location - Bad value	Apart from the amazing location, which this hotel charges a lot for, it is not a great experience. Everything, and I mean everything, costs extra. Checking out is not a peasant experience when you are hit with such a large bill	
	My best NY hotel experience to date	Spent 2 nights here in mid-Nov, on business. The hotel is very conveniently located, not far from 5th avenue, and close to some of the main attractions and the more popular mainstream shops. The staff were reasonably friendly, helpful and professional. The hotel doesn’t feel too big, which is nice. Like many NY and big city hotels, the public areas were very salubrious and comfortable, but unusually also had some charm and character. I didn’t have a chance to visit the hotel gym.My room was large, well maintained and very clean, decorated in a very non-offensive slightly bland corporate style. The bathroom was large, spacious and modern, and fitted out to a good standard. The bed was very comfortable, and the room well sound insulated. Overall, a very good, very functional, business hotel room. However, as another reviewer commented, I would not describe it as a luxury hotel. Overall, definitely one of my best hotel experiences in NY, but it was USD 400 / night.	
Nov 20 2009 	the hotel remains great - except for the club floor	This was my 6th visit to the NYP and it continued to impress - big, clean rooms, wonderful beds, excellent staff , a great gym (with complimentary kit) and a fabulous location for midtown business and all the best shops.The real disappointment is the reduction in service on the club floor. It has reduced opening hours to a close at 8pm and drastically reduced what is offered. These days in the evening you get little more than a glass of wine and a peanut - which is a massive downgrade. What a shame - and what a rip off! The breakfast remains excellent.	
Nov 16 2009 	Best in New York - Has a magical feeling	I have stayed in the NYP twice and i'm going in Dec this year also. It is the best hotel in New York. The location is perfect (just off 5th avenue) and is full of character. During the Christmas period, the old building is decorated with gorgeous white christmas lights, and the giant Christmas tree in the courtyard is spectacular. My family and I stay in the executive rooms every time, the executive lounge cannot be missed! You get various meals and snacks throughout the day (a personal favourite are the beef wellingtons!) and refreshments are always available. The leisure centre that the hotel provides is of a very good standard for a hotel. GILT bar is amazing, they have great cocktails and the food is amazing (two michelin stars i think?!) I cannot reccomend this hotel more. My favourite hotel in my favourite city in the world.... a must see at Christmas!	
Nov 11 2009 	Everything is extra but good location	Stayed on the 35 floor, friends had a great corner room with views but we had a room looking onto a brick wall of the skyscraper next door disappointing but I could put up with that as I wasn't intending on staying in the room very long. Ordered a pot of tea but to my horror this costs $25. Everything was extra and most people went out to the local coffee shop to buy their morning coffee rather than use the hotel restuarant - lesson there for the management. Very comfortable rooms, pleasent staff and a great location near Central PArk and the mid town shopping districts. Expensive and have had better vlaue elsewhere in the States.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect Palace	We return to the New York Palace whenever we visit the city. Staff are friendly and go out of their way to help. We stayed in an executive room [39th floor] which was very convenient for the lounge and most of all it was incredibly quiet. The Palace is minutes away from great shopping and dining and makes for a perfect location. Gilt never fails to impress and this year was no different, book early to ensure a table.	
Nov 9 2009 	Everything but personal luxury	Let's get something straight: this is not a luxury hotel. This is a huge 3 star hotel in a great location. Views from the higher up rooms are wonderful, and the rooms are good size. However if you came to new york for luxury, good food, great service, and that little extra touch, this is definitively not the place.Be prepared to pay more than your reservation for a room with a view. (35 or 37$ per night. They only tell you when you check in, so you don't have an option).Concierge recommendations were average at best, and quite often seemed to favor what was the easiest for them.	
Nov 8 2009 	Very nice hotel but no 'wow factor' for us	We stayed here for the last three nights of our honeymoon. We arrived quite late after an inernal flight from San Francisco and were greeted by a very friendly man at check in who told us that we had been upgraded to a room on the 20th floor with a view over St Patrick's. The bellman helped us to our room explaining everything about the hotel on the way up to the room which was a nice touch. Our room was very big and had everything you expect in this standard of hotel. The bed was huge and very comfortable indeed. The bathroom was standard in my opinion -nothing special at all. The taps over the sink leaked and it was almost impossible to have a shower without getting the floor wet - you don't really expect that kind of thing in a hotel like this. Turndown service seemed a bit hit and miss, the first night only one side of the bed was made up, second night we seemed to miss out on service all together and the final night it was fine. We had a very comfortable stay and appreciated the online check in and boarding pass facilities that were provided. Other than that we didn't use any of the hotel facilities. We looked at the breakfast menu but decided that $40 dollars each for breakfast was astronomical so went to Starbucks down the road instead. Drinks again looked very pricey and with so many other options available to us in the area we didn't bother drinking at the hotel. One thing did noticed and thought was really good was that the fitness centre would lend you fitness kit, including trainers if you hadn't brought your own - not seen that anywhere else and a nice touch we thought. The best thing about this place is definitely it's location. You can walk to Central Park and Times Square very easily, Rockerfella is just over the road and it's one minute to Fifth Avenue. The views of St Patricks are great as well. However, the rooms, facilities etc are pretty standard for this kind of hotel and I'm not quite sure why this place is getting all the rave reviews that it is - we were expecting something extra special given all the five star ratings it's recieved. I generally only give five stars when somewhere has exceeded my expectations. Don't get my wrong, it's a great place to stay and a very good hotel but we'd paid quite a lot for our room so we were expecting that..	
Nov 8 2009 	Incredible hotel in fantastic location	Visited New York for the first time with my wife to celebrate my birthday, and we decided to spend a bit extra staying here for 4 nights. On arrival we asked for a great view - and were given a room with king bed on the 26th floor overlooking St Patrick's Cathedral, looking all the way down 51st St to 5th Ave. Everything about the hotel was great - helpful service, great concierge, quiet (I don't recall actually hearing another person on our floor in the night) - it just oozed grandness. Food there was expensive, but what do you expect? We made the mistake of having lunch there the first day - which was v pricey, but just got advice from the concierge from then on. For breakfast the New York Luncheonette a short walk away was fantastic - pancakes, bacon and maple syrup with coffee. Was great, and not pricey. Location wise the hotel was in a great spot, right next to the Rockafellar, on Madison Ave, and everywhere seemed only a moments walk away. Also, if you want to splurge, Gilt - the 2 Michelin star restaurant onsite was incredible - and try their amazing range of teas. Most of these reviews will say similar things so I won't go on - but take it from us this place was great in every way and exactly what you need to return to after a frantic day on Time Square or the hustle and bustle of Chinatown. One tip - the best burger I have ever had is at the Burger Joint - go to Le Parker Meridien Hotel near central park - its identified by a neon sign just next to reception, and is second to none. Oh and don't bother with the Empire State Building - Top of the Rock at the Rockafellar has no queue, less people, cheaper and has the best view in the city (plus you actually get the Empire State Building in the shot)...	
Nov 7 2009 	xxx	Adequate, NYC is v ery expensive for hotel relative to Europe. V Good but bring the Kruggerlands !Peter	
Nov 6 2009 	WHEN IN NEW YORK -STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!	This was our first visit to NYC and we picked this hotel for its good reviews and position to Central Park as my husband was running the marathon. We were not dissapointed at all. All the staf we came in contact with were very freindly and helpfull. We were upgrade to a room on the 27th floor which gave us a spectacular view of st patricks cathedral. The rooms were huge and luxurious with every amenity you could wish for. Robes, safe, slippers, umbrella, toiletries, control panel by the bed for all the room electrics. The bed was huge and the most comfortable I have ever had, even more then my own. This with the pillow dealt out a wonderful nights sleep. We did hear a bit of road noise or should I say Emergency vehicle noise, but that cant really be helped. The free airline check in desk with boarding pass printer was a nice touch which made tings a lot easier. The postion is brilliant just off 5th Avenue with times square and central park a mere 10 mins away in either direction. My only cristism would be the cost of the food and drink in the hotel, I suppose this is normal in any city 5* though. My husband order a plate of eggs with toast for 3.30am on the marathon day. It promptly arrived with a smile on the waiters face. We were charged $34 for it though!! To combat this there ar 2 starbucks eitherside of the hotel and they dont mind you walking thru reception with them. Also, Genes coffee shop on 60th street is a must for a fantastic authentic NYC breakfast at a mere $8 for everything you can imagine plus refills. I would recommend a nyc sightseeing tour for first timers to get orientated.But, def stay here, you wont regret it.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent on all counts	A very clean, quiet, upmarket hotel with very efficient and friendly staff in an excellent location.The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in !!	
Nov 3 2009 	Loved Loved Loved the New York Palace Hotel!	Highly recommend this hotel...Excellent Location &amp; Great Service! Couldn't have asked for anything more. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely come back and stay at the New York Palace!	
Nov 2 2009 	PALACIAL	Stayed here for 5 nights over the last week, standard room which was massive for a hotel bang in the middle of everywhere. Very good location to explore all the touristy things, right on Madison avenue, short walk right to central park, ahead to broadway etc. Breakfast was 40$ which i think is a joke and do not ever use the phone in the room, 90USD for an 8min phone call to Switzerland. ARGH. Staff pleasant, though largley unnoticed and concierge happy to help. If you want somewhere cool, prob not the best, would stay in downtown area if i went back in Soho or something. But if your happy for the tourist thing then this is perfect.	
Oct 31 2009 	amazing location and concierge	Stayed here for three nights and chose it based on Tripadvisor reviews. I agree the location is fantastic and the concierge is incredible - they go the extra mile, no matter what it is you want (eg, they don't just book you a table for dinner, they print out directions, etc). excellent service. The courtyard outside is really pretty and the indoors public areas are very plush - sweeping staircase, chandeliers, etc. We were on a high floor and although the room was very large, it was a little chintzy for me - and the tiny bathroom needed updating. Loved the Molton Brown goodies though! And the bed was huge and very comfortable. It was our 3rd time in NYC and we'll be back again soon - love it! p.s. we had two incredible meals at Gramercy Tavern and Balthazar - and one not-so incredible and totally overpriced meal at Gordon Ramsay at the London.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent location high calibre business hotel	The main positives of the New York Palace are the location, which is better than many of the other midtown hotels further to the east on Lexington; and the view from the Executive Lounge on the 39th floor, over St Patrick's cathedral and the Rockefeller Centre, where one can take breakfast and also have complimentary snacks and drinks through the day (if your room gives you access to the Executive Lounge).Room was a very decent size, good bathroom (shower only), all facilities excellent.I would compare this hotel as being equivalent quality to the Regency on Park Avenue. Better than the Barclay Intercontinental, and a lot better than the Grand Hyatt. I was on a special corporate rate. At the advertised rate of $600+ it would not be good value.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent elegant and prime location	Stayed at the New York Palace Hotel for a weekend conference. It was an excellent hotel with every amenity one could require. Staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Hotel Enjoyeble stay	Perfect experience I had there and it is really impressive. Can't use few words to describe it. Just go visit there yourself and I I hope you can feel the same with me.	
Oct 20 2009 	The best hotel in NY!	This is my second stay at the Palace and my sixth visit to NY. I would never dream of staying in another place other than this! They pamper guests every minute and the concierges are fabulous making dinner reservations. We went to dine at Maloney and Porcelli (restaurant next door, highly recommended) and they waiter brought us 4 glasses of champagne, courtesy of our concierge! Housekeepers are so polite and they will bring you whatever you need, anytime. Although there are 39 floors, we never waited more than 3 minutes for an elevator to come. Staff is polite and smile all the time, rooms are impeccable, everything is simply perfect. I adore the Palace!	
Oct 17 2009 	Why is it called the Palace?	This hotel is nice but nothing special. It barely compares to the Mandarin Oriental. The Palace is a great location, it's not too small and the service is generally good. I've run into both nice and rude staff - so it's just 50/50. I was very disappointed with the dining room called GILT. Expensive and bland. Drinks overpriced. Hotel overrated. I had a suite and it was very large (maybe 400 sf). Separate bedroom, kitchen, dining room and living room. Great views. Spacious bathroom. Comfortable bed. Nice TV. The room was fine. I downgrade this hotel because of the amenities like horrible restaurant, pricey cocktails, mediocre customer service, lack of updated decor in the lobby, size of the lobby (not very grand). It does have a very nice courtyard in front. Easy to get a taxi. Security seemed adequate. Good stereo system in my suite. But, it just is not plush...not luxurious...no WOW factor. It's just another 5 star hotel that lacks character. Okay for a night or two. Then you should try the St. Regis or Pierre Hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	perfect stay	the new york palace hotel is one of the perfect hotels we've visited.we arrived much earlier than the check in hour and luckily and generously offered a great room,big,clean,with excellent view of saint patrick cathedral on the 19 th floor.slippers waiting by the bed and choclates on the pillow were a very nice treat.the children got qute teddy bears and bathing robes and became so happy.during our whole stay-10 days-we noticed that the whole staff was so attentive and efficient.aplauses!!! to the management who succeed on keeping everybody so motivated.the location of the hotel is also great:close to attractions,shopping,restaurants,delis,breakfast serving places,subway lines/taxis.	
Oct 15 2009 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the New York Palace on Madison Avenue October 2-6. This is a wonderful dream like place to stay.Every need is met and every staff member attentive.The room was very large, on the 9th floor facing St Patricks, room 914. It was beautifully furnished, The beds are comfy and big. The TV was a large flat screen visible from all area of the room. Check in was swift and pleasant and all needs met. The bellman introduced us to the various area of the hotel and when we got to our room he showed us everything.A stay to remember. We had access to the Executive Longue which is worth the extra cost.	
Oct 13 2009 	What a great location	This was a find. We stayed here for a weekend and the location could not have been better. We found the hotel to be quite gilded, ie. gold, but the rooms were sufficently updated and clean, they were a good size, the gym was very nice, and the staff friendly. For the price, it was a great deal and we would stay here again. We had stayed at the Sofitel in the past in NYC but they do not have rooms large enough for our kids there. So, we looked around, came across this one after much research, and would stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel!	Very good stay at New York Palace. Good location and room. Excelent service, especially the concierge. The only problem was the absurd rate they charged to access the internet at the business center.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great for Amatuers	The NY Palace is like a Las Vegas hotel, all pretend luxury with no sense of style or itself. While the service is amongst the best in all of New York, the rooms and decor are lacking. They architects and designers have utterly failed to soften the sterile and utilitarian roots of their massive black box building. There is no sense of modernism to match its office building grid interior. Instead the hotel tries too hard to distract with lots of mass produced antique-like furniture, drop ceiling and framed walls. And unlike real luxury properties like the Peninsula or Mandarin, their fancy light switches and HVAC controls fall short. I could not get our room temperature above 70 degrees.Additionally, the quality of room service food is sub-standard. Perhaps in making sure everyone gets their food in thirty minutes they have forsaken quality control. Bottom line is staying at NY Palace is a great place if you like ocean cruises. Pretend fancy, utilitarian luxury, but with great service. ultimately, it leaves me cold.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderful experience highly recommended	Extremely spacious room, beautiful lobby, quiet and comfortable. Ideal location-walking distance to nearly everything-Times Square, St. Patricks Cathedral, high end shopping, Central Park, and restaurants.The Palace Hotel was an excellent choice-there are so many choices, but Palace really seems to stand above the rest. The service, clean and quiet rooms, food and huge room (suite in the Towers) made for an incredible stay. Nearly as comfortable as home!Concierge was very knowledgeable-recommended excellent restaurants. Top picks: BLT Steak, Buddkahn (one of the best restaurant experiences of our life), Balthazar and Il Cantorini.We hired a car service to take us down to Greenwich/ Soho area for shopping at some of the boutique stores-we were able to shop and throw the bags in the car-no worries about parking, traffic, rain, etc. It was definitely worth it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Just perfect....	This Hotel I can´t say anything bad about. The location is just perfect, close to Central Park, Times Square and shopping till you drop...The service is also very good. We are used to stay at 5 stars hotels, and at the palace we had a very good experience with everything. At the check in the receptionist found out that we were married a couple of months earlier, so he gave us 2 free drinks or desserts at the hotel, very kind of him.All together we can definitly recommend this hotel	
Oct 10 2009 	Fabulous fabulous fabulous	What can i say... we were made to feel like royality. This is the most wonderful hotel i have ever stayed in in my life. The hotel is pure luxury. Rooms are amazing. Staff are amazing. Special mention has to go to Gunter our conceirge. He was fabulous.If you want a magical time in New York City, this is the hotel to stay in.	
Oct 9 2009 	The most beautiful palace...er I mean hotel...in the land!	The New York Palace was amazing! It was beautiful, from top to bottom. The staff is courteous and professional, the rooms are luxurious, and the location is perfect. I will say that the parking rates are outrageous, so I would recommend parking outside the city and taking a cab/subway to the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	My daughter truley thought she was in a palace!	I took my seven year old daughter to New York for four days. What fun! When we were looking for hotels, she saw the palaceand commented&quot;Can we really stay in a palace&quot;: That's when I decided to book it! What a bautiful hotel, the staff was helpful. If it was raining, they gave us umbrellas, when going to a show, they had a car take us. She thought it was fun when we just wanted ice to see a man in a tuxedo and white gloves deliver it to our room. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. They had robes for me and my daughter.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location Location Location	Aside from the great location, this hotel is tops in elegance. The service is super, the doormen go above and beyond the call of duty. We stayed at The Palace during our visit to the American Girl Store just down the street. Our room has a fabulous view of the city. I can't say enough about this hotel. Pricey - yes! but worth it - yes!	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Service...	This really is a great place to stay if you are visiting NYC. The rooms are particularly impressive, especially the 'standard' rooms, which are as much as anyone would want. You can upgrade to have have Executive Lounge access for $75 per person per day. The Lounge gets you breakfast, lunch and drinks, but I don't think it's worth it unless you intend to be in the hotel A LOT... which we didn't.My 'top tip' would be to ask for a room as high up as possible as the street noise can be really loud. NY has really bad roads because of the weather extremes and they often lay down large metal sheets across part of the road. If you are on a lower floor (which I have been) the noise of lorries going over these at night can wake you on a regular basis. Upper floors have some street noise, but you're in the middle of the city, so what else can you expect.I am really big on 'value for money' and although this place is expensive it is worth it.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great place to start our Honeymoon!	We came from Sweden on our honeymoon and stayed in an executive room on the 31th floor with a fantastic, wonderful, absolutely amazing view of St. Patricks cathedral and Rockefeller Center. We stayed here when they had a special offer on the executive rooms so the value was really good. Executive Lounge:The breakfast was very nice, both continental and american breakfast to choose from. Loved the muffins :). Nice to have access to the lounge all day, especially since you could use the internet for both sightseeing tips and telling friends and family we had a great time. Room:Big, clean and, as we said, with the best view ever. Always respected our privacy. Big safe. Comfortable bed. Minibar was very pricey, as could be expected. Go to one of the many Duane Reades (in almost every street corner) and get your water and snacks there instead.Service:Very good. The only downside was when we asked for restaurant advice one night, said we wanted the best Ribs in NYC and nothing fancy. The place was not fancy at all, and we did not like the food at all. However, the concierge was very nice when she gave us this advice and everyone has different taste. Location:Good, close to Central Park, Times Sqaure and the Subway. When it is raining however the subway could be a little bit closer ;)To wrap it up, we loved our stay at the Palace Hotel. It is not a top notch five star hotel but close enough! We wanted a really nice, clean hotel with a view for a good price and with a good location and we most definitely found it.	
Oct 2 2009 	Elegant Hotel Feels a World Away from Hustle 	Booked a 3 night stay on recommendation from a work collegue was not disappointed.Amazing view out of bedroom window onto St Patrick's Cathedral &amp; Rockerfeller Centre bit like Gotham City ! Didn't shut the curtains in the night just couldn't shut out the view.Room and bathroom spotless and tastefully decorated &amp; the staff made you feel welcome. Expensive to eat &amp; drink in hotel as you would expect with a 5 * Ideal spot for Rockerfeller Centre and 5th Ave generally very central.Would love to go back again some day...	
Sep 26 2009 	Fantastic	From the first day to the last the service was exceptional. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 21st floor with a fantastic view overlooking St Patricks. Room was spacious, clean and well maintained. The hotel is well situated for both sight seeing and shopping. I would certainly consider staying at the New York Palace again the next time I come to New York.	
Sep 23 2009 	Honeymoon Heaven!	LOVED this hotel! Booked three rooms for the family for 4 nights in September. All rooms were fabulous and so clean and comfortable This is the first time I have ever not wanted to return to my comfy bed at home and wanted to take the NYP one home with me!Lovely Molton Brown toiletries and extra touches that make your stay special. Service was top notch and it felt really relaxed and unpretentious.Great views make you never want to close the curtains and you are very near the Rockefella and Time Square - easily walkable.The food was also excellent.I will certainly make this hotel the first consideration on my list next time we return.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Service!	My husband and I and our 2 daughters and their husbands stayed at the New York Palace over labor day weekend. We had 3 rooms which were all ready when we arrived. Our check in was very quick and courteous. Our rooms were all close together with beautiful views. We have stayed here several times and have always been pleased. They did go way above the service most hotels provide. After we were home the hotel contacted us by phone and letter to see if we had left something in one of our rooms. Turned out to be very expensive jeans that one of our daughters left in a drawer. The hotel mailed the jeans to her. I knew we had always had wonderful service at the Palace, but this was truly above &amp; beyond good service!	
Sep 11 2009 	great views great value	I stayed with a friend and we got a good weekend rate on a deluxe (aka standard) room. Unlike some five star hotels in Manhattan, it seems that even the least expensive and least desirable rooms are relatively large and have very good or great views. We requested a high floor and got a room overlooking St. Patricks Cathedral, with a fantastic skyline view. The room was very large and nicely decorated, great beds, nice bathroom, attractive furniture, but not over the top. Location is convenient to transportation, theater district, Times Square, shopping, etc. Check-in was efficient; there were no problems of any kind with the room, amenities, or staff. Although it certainly isn't in the same league as other 5-star hotels like the Mandarin Oriental and the Four Seasons, the rates are far more reasonable and they seem to have consistent, excellent service.	
Sep 9 2009 	AMAZING Can't WAIT to Stay Here Again!	My family and I stayed here for 2 nights, reasonably priced, and i could only wish we stayed longer! I cannot say anything bad about this hotel!Location was fabulous! 1 block from Saks. Not far from bloomingdales, and you MUST go to Crumbs Bakery on Madison around the corner of the hotel if you like cupcakes!Hotel rooms were great! I wish I could sleep in that bed every day. It is VERY comfortable! Probably the most comfortable bed I have slept in at a hotel. The rooms are HUGE. Especially for New York City! I stayed at the Sofitel in Philadelphia and the rooms at the New York Palace were bigger!!We had requested at check in connecting rooms and got them. Both rooms ready even though we checked in a few hours earlier. Chocolates on the pillow were a lovely touch. Maid service was super nice. I loved the touch Do not disturb/maid service, as well as a master light touch switch right beside the bed. No more walking in the dark to get to the bed! Bathrooms were a great size! Double bed room had more counter space than the king room. Hotel lobby area is huge and beautiful, lovely outdoor patio, fun bar at night, upscale people everywhere (but none that were snobby)-- was a nice fresh feeling.While we were there they were even filming scenes for sex and the city which was fun since we are huge fans. We used Valet Parking--kept it there for the 2 nights. Nothing bad to say about it. Car was given back the way it was left.I recommend this hotel GREATLY to everyone. I wish I could have had more time to have stayed there longer. I can't wait to book my next trip to NYC, because I will 100% stay with the New York Palace (given the prices are reasonable of course).	
Sep 9 2009 	Classy Hotel Good Location	Classy public rooms, bedrooms fine but not great. Fair price for accomodation, had a Cosmo in the bar $26.29!!!!!!!Attended a wedding in the Gilt restaurant which was magnificent.	
Sep 8 2009 	Loved it	We are just back from a 4 day stay in The New York Palace. We loved the hotel and really couldn't find fault at all. The staff are very friendly and although the standard is high it doesn't feel like a pretentious or snooty hotel. The rooms are spacious and the maid service is great. We used the executive lounge a lot and I would highly recommend it. The breakfast buffet was really excellent - very good selection and lots of fresh berries and healthy cereals. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would love to return.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location lovely room concierge level worth the extra $$	Stayed here August 27-31, 2009 for my husband's 50th birthday. We had booked the concierge rate and were placed on the 39th floor the same as the lounge - very convenient. We surprised by the how complete the breakfast service was - buffet style, eggs, bacon/sausage, french toast, juices, cereals, fruits, yogurt and really good coffee - as opposed to how sparse the evening cocktail service was. I suppose after seeing b'fast we expected more than nuts, dried fruit and crackers. Nice to relax after a long day of sightseeing with a cold beer or a glass of wine or champagne though. The service in the lounge was personal and attentive even when crowded. The room we had was lovely - 3911 - a corner room with a view to the east. I suppose the bathroom was on par with others in NYC but we found it awkward and small - no counter space to speak of so we made do with other spaces in the guestroom. The beds were terrific. The weekend of our visit there was a fair bit of rain and we appreciated the umbrella in the closet and offers of another when we left the hotel. The location is wonderful - close to Rockefeller Center , a nearby subway station and easy to get a cab here.We found the staff helpful at every turn, especially the gracious concierge David Eldridge (?) and the doormen and the bartender Lucas. We were disappointed on the non-rainy days that the outdoor bar Gilt did not seem to honor the hours of opening at 4 pm. We would have liked to sit outdoors to watch the people and relax there. My only other disappointment was the lack of recognition for my husband's birthday. I didn't expect much except for a 'Happy Birthday' when we checked in but there was no mention until our checkout. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	JUST THE BEST!	What an honor to stay in such a beautiful hotel! First class all the way . We're just back from an 8 day stay @ The New York Palace.. Can't wait to go back. First Class all the way with wonderful staff including Chi An (Angie) @ the check-in desk and Joyce L @ the Concierge desk. Both were so pleasant and helpful.	
Sep 5 2009 	BED BUGS! HORRIBLE and PAINFUL BITES horrifying experience!	I woke up with a bite mark that was bleeding! Complained immediately to the manager to change rooms. I was not sure what the bite was at the time. As the day wore on my bite became UNBEARABLY ITCHY/PAINFUL. We(husband and 2 children) finished our stay in the new room . When I arrived back in Massachusetts terribly painful bite marks swelled up on my neck, back, finger and above my eyebrow. The manager was arrogant in my opinion, feined disinterest and acted puzzled. NONSENSE, must have been aware of serious bug problems. We have stayed at the NY PALACE HOTEL in the past but never again! REALLY SCARY and UPSETTING and PAINFUL!!! Can't sleep over this too upsetting!	
Sep 4 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel	I stayed at the New York Palace with my wife for 5 nights to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday. All I can say is wow!! I contacted the hotel in advance telling them about our celebration and on checking in we were upgraded to a room with a view of the cathedral. All staff were friendly and courteous and I never felt under any pressure to tip concierge/bell hops etc. In fact when we arrived at the hotel I had no small notes as I hadn't had time to cash any cheques after our long flight. The bell hop didn't hold out his hand looking for anything and I didn't feel pressurised although I did feel a little embarrassed that I wasn't able to give him anything. Made up for this later though! Throughout our stay all the staff were fantastic. The hotel is beautiful and our room was roomy and comfortable. The chocolate left on the pillow by the maid is a nice touch and I can't believe they visit your room twice a day. Once to make your bed and the second to turn down your covers ready for you to fall into bed after a long tiring day. We didn't use the mini bar due to the prices but there are loads of eating places nearby as well as two Starbucks to satisfy your coffee craving. If you are dining out I cannot recommend the Beacon Restaurant on 56th Street highly enough. It is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. I booked a table in advance also advising them of our celebration. When we arrived we were greeted and seated immediately before staff wished my wife a happy birthday and gave us each a glass of champagne, The meal was out of this world and when my wife received her dessert the chef had put a candle in her cake and typed 'happy birthday' in chocolate lettering around her plate. The whole experience was fantastic and this would be the first restaurant I will look for when I return to New York. All in all I can't wait to go back and would definitely stay at the New York Palace.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Hotel	This in my view is the best hotel we have stayed in whilst in the US. The location was perfect, the service is worthy of being in the Dorchester group. As forvalue, New York hotels are always on the high side, but you can eat relatively cheap before 1830.Our flight back to teh UK was around 2100 and we were able to use the showers etc justs before leaving for the airport.	
Sep 2 2009 	Amazing	First trip to New York for 40th birthday, it was the best time ever, hotel was amazing with a room overlooking the Cathedral, perfect location, right next to the Rockerfella centre, well worth a vsit to both the hotel and the city, fantastic place.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice Hotel but Disturbed Rest	Stayed here for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago.Lovely hotel, lovely room on the 37th floor of the &quot;older&quot; wing.For rooms with a view of the cathedral we were asked for $37 per night extra, but our room looked out towards the river and was great.Great location for a hotel - all you could want within easy walking distance.We had a couple of minor problems tho:1 we had booked Concierge level access. This was fine during the day (great breakfast!) but they had decided not to serve any food after 14:30, which was a disappointment. Worse was that the lounge now shuts at 20:00, and as there are no beverage-making facilities in the room, if you want a coffee after this you have to get room service. This was a pain.2 worse was the cleaning staff. The first day they knocked then walked right in. &quot;I know how to fix that, I thought&quot;, and put the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; on. In the next 2 days, they walked in 6 TIMES when the DND was on. They obviously took no notice of it at all.Sadly, this hotel obviously does not value a guests privacy. Not sure I would stay here again because of the lack of privacy.	
Aug 29 2009 	rudest staff ever!!!!!!! they stick their hand out for tip left and right!!!	this is suppose to be a nice hotel, yeah only if you are willing to tip $50+ every time some idiot comes by you to talk to you. when we first arrived the door cap guy whatever, he took our things out of the trunk of the limo then whistled for the bell guys to take our things in and then he stuck his hand out for a tip. my husband took out some cash they we barely had since we just arrived from a long flight....and he needed change from $100's and $50's he didn't even say anything and snatched the $50 out of my husbands hand and then went his way to open more doors. I can not believe how rude these front door guys are. then the entire time we stayed 1 week whenever we asked to use to house car for dinner reservation or a show she had tickets too they made up an excuse why they will not give us their house car....&quot;he's on break&quot;....&quot;you need a reservation&quot;...&quot;he is out to lunch, he is out to dinner.&quot;...wow what load of crap these guys are...then some random family with their children came by and tip the guy $50 and got the house car right in front of us as we asked about it and he said the driver was on break. we went back and told the guy in the front and he said &quot; ohh i didn't know you wanted the driver now i thought you wanted a taxi&quot; i will never go here again these people are money hunger baste.	
Aug 28 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed at the Palace 7/31-8/3 with cousins including a teenager. Was fortunate to get great rate where you stay 3 nights get 25% off. Had a room with 2 doubles on the 17th floor overlooking St. Patrick's Cathedral. That was a beautiful sight when opening the curtains ever morning.Every employee we encountered was professional and courteous. While it rained some days we were there, they always had an umbrella handy to lend out. The lobby and courtyard areas are breathtaking. Courtyard area is particularly a lovely place to sit and read after being out and about in the city.Room was comfortable for 4 people, plenty of room for all of us plus our luggage. Bathroom was great and the water pressure was amazing, there were times I did not want to leave the shower.Location could not be beat, walking distance to most sights and a subway station 2 blocks away on Lexington and 51st. Loved that we were nowhere near the crowds in Times Square.If I could get this rate every time I went to NY, the Palace would be my home base there.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic	Stayed there for 4 days last week. We had 3 rooms and each class was great. The rooms ranged from std. to suites in the tower. All rooms and bathrooms were very large and nice. The kitchen and dinnig room came in handy. Service and staff were great. We had a wonderful time. Location is great for both shoppng or siteseeing or anything you want to do. Gilt is very expensive but very good. Views were good. We were on the 52nd and 54 th floor. I will stay there again next time I am in NYC.	
Aug 25 2009 	great hotel	i have just returned from a stay in this hotel, great location, concierge was extremely helpful there although sometimes they seem to recommend restaurants to suit them. the only downfall - quiet expensive to eat or drink in the hotel restaurant but managed to find a coffee shop just down from the hotel which catered for dinners, pizzas, and salads fr really good prices - really worth a lookoverall hotel is fab you wont be disappointed with the rooms!	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent in every way..........	Stayed at the New York palace for 4 nights booking via expedia. I emailed prior to our arrival informing them that i planned on proposing to my girlfriend. We were allocated a room approximately half way to the top which overlooked the cathedral. This in itself made our trip something to remember as the view was incredible both during the day and night. The rooms were immaculate with a great K-size bed and good quality furniture including large flat screen television. We had a few issues with the T.V not working along with the internet but this was easily resolved by helpful staff. The hotel is situated across the road from saks 5th avenue which was perfect for shopping and not to far to carry the bags back. The staff were all very friendly and the hotel decor cannot be faulted in anyway. The gult bar (part of the hotel) was again decorated to a very high standard and very comfortable in everyway altho quite expensive as 2 bottles of beer a couple of cocktails and a pizza was over £70.00.Breakfast was great but found there system quite frustrating as altho we had pre-paid for our breakfasts we had to sign each day. This is not a problem by its self but it was not made clear as to what we had paid for and what was extra. this was not explained depite several ways of asking the same basic questions. This resulted in a bill that was not expected and incorrect. This could have been easily avoided should it have been fully explained what was included etc and they full understood that we had paid in advanceOverall the hotel is great and i would 100% return.	
Aug 21 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Wonderful Location	While TripAdvisor didn't give me the option of selecting this, I stayed at the New York Palace for both pleasure and work meetings. My husband and I both agree that it is one of the nicest hotels we've ever stayed in. And, during the summer of 2009 (when we stayed), the price was fantastic!! ($200 per night)Anyway, the hotel itself is beautiful! It's extremely clean with a very friendly staff. I called ahead and requested a view of St. Patrick's Cathedral, and sure enough - when we checked in, we were given a fantastic room overlooking the cathedral (this was an upgrade that we were not charged for). The hotel brought us a complimentary fruit plate, which was also a nice touch. Not sure why they brought it, but we appreciated it. The location of this hotel is fantastic! Obviously, St. Patrick's is right out the door, but also you are only a couple of blocks from Rockefeller Center and walking distance to both Central Park and Times Square (in opposite directions). If you're there to do some shopping, you're also near all of the great stores. During the summer, Madison Avenue, which is right out front, shuts down for street vendors, which was fun to walk through. The room was very roomy with an extremely comfortable King sized bed. Others complained that the bathroom was too small. OK - so I've been in larger bathrooms, but it is nothing to complain seriously about. There's still counterspace. You just don't have the monsterous bathrooms that I've had in some other places. No reason not to stay here... The staff at the hotel is very friendly and helpful. Of course, as expected, the doormen are ready to call you a cab whenever. The concierge will find you some great restaurant choices and will help get you to the Statue of Liberty or wherever you want to go. The maids regularly said hello when we passed by, etc. Everyone seemed genuinely happy that we were there as their guests. There is a lovely patio/bar out front that I wish that we had gone to. We wore ourselves out on the one day that we really would have had time to go there - - so were napping upstairs before dinner instead. Basically, this is a top of the line full service 5 star hotel that right now (summer of 2009) is charging rates that I'd expect to find at a 3 star (in Manhattan anyway). I'd enjoy staying here regardless of the price, but I absolutely LOVED staying here while it was such a deal!! As an aside - I recommend eating at Elio's - a small Italian spot on the Upper East side. Take a cab to get there.As others have said - don't order room service! It's WAY too expensive, even for New York. There are plenty of places to eat (including breakfast) all around the hotel.Enjoy NYC!!!	
Aug 21 2009 	awesome stay	I just got back from New York where I stayed at the New York Palace and I'm still blown away from the awesome and simply amazing time I had there. Evereything was just perfect, the location is hard to beat, the service, room size etc. are simply the best I have ever experienced during my many stays in New York hotels. Staff was extremely helpfull, supporting and exceptionally friendly. I can only highly recomment the Palace and I plan on staying there again in the future. Thank you New York Palace.	
Aug 20 2009 	A great hotel!	The hotel was great. Excellent service, a large room, courteous staff - I really enjoyed it, and the rate was very reasonable for this type of hotel.	
Aug 18 2009 	excellent location with seamless service	We stayed for just one night before heading south and found this hotel right in the heart of Maddison Avenue to be excellent. We were upgraded to a suite on arrival which was pure heaven with the most comfortable and luxurious bed you could wish for. Room service was courteous and efficient and the ground floor coutyard bar served truly wicked cocktails. Just not a long enough stay....still, we hope to be back later in the year.	
Aug 18 2009 	An amazing stay at a great hotel	After reading the many great reviews here about The New York Palace I decided to book after finding a good deal. We stayed in an Executive Corner room overlooking the cathedral. It was amazing. The location was also superb.Only niggle was no hot water (not the hotel's fault) so they gave us breakfast for free. If you pay for breakfast it's a bit steep but it is great.Staff were very friendly and the next time I can afford to stay there - I will!	
Aug 15 2009 	Almost five star but not quite	Elegance, grandeur, and a fabulous location-- that describes the Palace. The hotel has shops and restaurants all around it, and walking to the Gershwin Theater from the hotel only took about eight minutes. It was perfectly located for what we had planned that evening. The rooms are certainly larger than the New York average, and the views of St Patrick's Cathedral were beautiful. I also loved having a quick appetizer and drink in the courtyard. It was fun to see the comings and goings of the guests while enjoying the shade of the big trees and the light breezes after a long day.The only area I found to be a bit lacking with the hotel was the service. it's not that we didn't receive great service-- we did. Check in was quick, the bellmen were efficient-- so what was my problem? It felt cool and impersonal. Coming from the Mandarin where they perfectly combined five-star service with a warm, welcoming smile, I was a little let down by the perfunctory service at the Palace. Also, at one point our waitress disappeared, never to return. We did want a second round of beverages, but after waiting about a half hour and seeing neither hide nor hair of her, we gave up. Aside from this one quibble, the hotel was great. Beautiful property, exceptionally comfortable beds and large rooms. If only they would tell their staff to smile and warm up a bit, the Palace would be perfect.	
Aug 12 2009 	I guess it was fine!	I stayed at the Palace last week for three night - purely on the back of the amazing reviews here to be honest. It was fine - nothing more, nothing less.We booked an executive room and got a fantastic view over St Patricks on the 39th floor - right next to the Exec suite. It was well worth paying the extra $30 a night for the exec room as we got the otherwise ludicrously expensive breakfast included and some nuts and crisps in the evening (don't expect swanky canapes!) and a drink. One of the problems though would appear to be that this great upsell deal is fairly well known and the exec room was often packed (especially at breakfast). This meant that tables were dirty, children were screaming impatiently and queues were forming. Not the end of the world, but were I am real executive looking for a tranquil haven this would very much not be it. Reception was fine - very plesant chap checked us in and we got shown up to the room by a porter who mumbled pretty incoherently and we didn't really get much sense out of but he carried the bags and opened the door fine. The room was a fine size and had a TV and the usual amenities. There was absolutely nothing at all special about it but nothing bad either. And that kind of sums the place up. Service was fine, housekeeping was fine but was this a 5 star hotel in the true sense of the word? Absolutely not. Having a turn-down service and a couple of chocolates on my pillow just doesn't really do it for me. It is nice but this place didn't exude either quality, charm or that certain you know what that a 5 star hotel would. Of course, it was not priced like a real 5 star hotel so you get what you pays for I suppose. We requested a late checkout (1pm) and got it no problem (despite the mention of a charge in the room). That was nice.Next time I go back to New York I will try and find something a little less bland, a little more special. And you know what, if I can't get it I would think about going back to the Palace. It will be fine.	
Aug 11 2009 	New York's Finest.	Love this hotel, you'll not find better for the rate. They extend a great welcome which makes you feel immediately relaxed. The rooms we had were very comfortable and had a great view of St. Pats. I hope all my future excursions to Manhattan are spent in The Palace. It's a wonderful hotel.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel - loved the Executive Lounge	We loved The Palace! We had a room on the 30th floor (3009) – no street noise at all – partial view (wall and then skyline). I would not want 3007 or 3005 as I think that those rooms would be blocked by the wall. We had Executive Lounge access – fabulous!! Breakfasts were great! It was nice to drop in for fruit and cookies for a snack during the day and the wine and nuts were nice before dinner. Lunch was also available and was very nice too. Very hard working staff in the lounge – very, very busy lounge. The Concierge was very helpful with dinner recommendations and subway directions. Our room was nice, large with a very comfortable bed. I liked the bedside light and temperature controls. The Lindt truffles at night were nice :-). The bathroom had nice large soft towels, nice soft bathrobes. Hotel was in a good location for our activities. Subway stop is very close but is only a local so sometimes we walked to Grand Central for the Express instead.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent service and services - it's the little extras that count.	My partner and I stayed at the New York Palace for 5 nights in early August. It was our first trip to New York and having a good place to stay was important to us. We came to New York on the QM2 with friends who stayed elsewhere. We spent a lot of time with these friends and were able to compare our hotel experiences with theirs- in every instance the Palace outshone the (more expensive) opposition.We arrived at 10:00am - and were offered an immediate room - we didn't even have to ask for this. Our friends on the other hand were unable to check in to their hotel until 4:00pm. I had heard that NY hotel rooms tend to be on the small size - but our room was huge. It had everything we could possibly want in it, other than a kettle ( a peculiarity of the English I suspect). We even had an umbrella in our room and we certainly needed it ! My partner used it on occasion for hailing a cab - very dashing ! Our friends on the other hand resorted to buying an umbrella from a street vendor and it broke within 5 minutes. Ours was a proper sized sturdy piece of equipment - nothing cheap about it.Our bed was enormous and superbly comfortable - the view from our window (33rd floor) was great, especially at night, the unobtrusive room servicing was twice a day, our only request from the concierge (for two electrical adaptors) was dealt with immediately. In choosing the Palace I had been influenced considerably by previous trip advisor reviews, but the main attraction which swung it for me was the access to the so-called executive lounge, which was available for a small extra cost. I knew before we got there that this meant we would be entitled to free breakfast and free tea and coffee throughout the day, plus a glass of wine in early evening, as well as free access to computers/internet. The financial benefits of these free services more than outweighed the additional cost of the executive lounge access. In fact when we got there it was to discover that there was rather more on offer than we expected, including newspapers, soft drinks and fruit throughout the day, beer and a selection of wine between 5;30 and 7:30 on a help yourself basis, free sweets (a bit weird), and free snacks at lunch-time ! To be honest we thought the hotel was a bit the victim of its own generosity - some people behaved quite badly - we saw two lads fill a paper carrier bag with cans of drinks to the point that they could hardly carry it away with them. Just because something is free doesn't mean you have to act as though there is no tomorrow. Also, had you genuinely been an executive you might have been a bit irritated with the children who were clogging up access to computers by playing games on them whilst waiting for parents to finish breakfasts. So - full marks to the hotel for this excellent service, but a bit of a thumbs down to a few of its guests.The location of the hotel was excellent for us, you could easily walk to the Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, Central Park, the shops of 5th Avenue. Although the hotel is located on one of the major avenues (Madison) it is in rather a nice spot, with St Patrick's Cathedral over the road and the beautiful General Electric Building and St Bartholomew's Church across the road out the back. The reception area for the Palace consists of the old Villard Houses, which are beautiful as buildings in their own right, and because of their design the hotel has access to a lovely courtyard just outside where you can sit and have a drink if you want one or not if you don't.We loved New York and we loved the New York Palace Hotel. Would I go back ? Next week, if I could !	
Aug 10 2009 	Top Notch at a Reasonable Price for NYC	This was our first trip to NYC. We travelled with another couple as well who stayed at the hotel with us. I used Trip Advisor to review a good number of hotels in NYC and found the Palace at #3. I'm not sure what the other two hotels offer, but from the moment we arrived we were treated like somebodies. We arrived at 8:00 AM and our rooms were not ready yet, so the hotel gladly took our bags, but not until they were sure we ahd everything we need and sent us the mens and ladies lavish locker rooms to clean up or even a shower if we wanted.About two hours later I received a call on my cell telling me that our rooms were now ready.The service just got better from there. The rooms were elegant, chocolates on the pillows, buckets of ice on request, personal wake-up service and more.My wife and I travel quite extensively, but not lavishly and this was a real treat. The location is perfect $6 taxi to Times Square or walk if you like.Do yourself a favour and stay at the Palace!	
Aug 8 2009 	Nice hotel but lost appeal this time	Our last trip to the palace was fantastic, but this time just another hotel. We were first taken to a small handicapped room with a view of a brick wall and a water shed. The front desk explained that with all the tourists from europe they were &quot; a little short&quot; on double rooms. I was offered an upgrade for 35 dollars more per night which gave a much nicer room and a view of St Patricks. The room was clean and nicely decorated and the staff very friendly. Unfortunate for my family the start to our stay was not up to palace standards.	
Aug 7 2009 	Treated Like Royalty at the Palace	My husband and I stayed at the Palace to celebrate our fifth anniversary. The location is wonderful because it is a block to Rockefeller Centre and a bit away from the crowded streets of Times Square. The service at the Palace is outstanding. We had turndown service each night with slippers laid out and chocolate left on our pillows. Housekeeping was outstanding and even the water pressure in the shower was strong (a complaint I usually have in most hotels). I can't wait to return back to New York to stay at the Palace again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Excellent hotel letting itself down by service	We booked a double-double deluxe for 4 nights and were given a decent room on the 14th floor with great views over St Patricks. The hotel is very well located for most things but oddly is not the easiest place to get a cab in the evenings. The combination of the old Villard mansion to the front but modern accommodation tower behind not only makes the hotel easy to spot, but gives it a classy feel that most modern hotels fail to achieve. For a family break eating in the hotel is prohibitively expensive, especially breakfast. However a quick tour ot the neighbourhood and we spotted the Bistro cafe just around the corner in 51st St which was excellent value.Two disappointments. On our first night we went to bed early (9.30ish) only to be woken by the turn-down service entering our room before we had time to waken and react to the door bell. OK there is a do-not disturb switch but I thought it was surprisingly late to be turning beds down so thereafter we made a point of switching it on every evening regardless of our plans. Second point, the website sets high levels of expectation as regards the concierge service. I used it twice - once for restaurant recommendations. Aside from telling us te names of four restaurants in the vicinity I had enquired about, there was no real knowledge or recommendation involved. We stayed at the Langham in Boston two years ago and were expecting a similar response to the one we got there, ie books with menus for several restaurants in town and concierges with knowledge of them and a view on how good they were, dress code, prices etc. NYP would do well to visit the Langham and see how they do it. Similarly unimpressed when I asked what our options were for getting to Newark Airport - answer - two cabs or we can get you an SUV at $265 (finally admitting that they are restricted by the Ma nagement as to what recommendations they are able to make. I called Dia7 instead and had a perfectly decent people carrier (minivan) deliver us to Newark for $70.Shame that a hotel that charges what they do cannot go that final mile and make the whole thing a great experience. For convenience and standard of accommodation we would nonetheless go back.	
Aug 6 2009 	Super service!	We booked The Palace for a four day get-away vacation back in July -- booking on Expedia.ca and got a terrific deal. It was my 40th birthday - and I called a few weeks ahead of time and requested a room with a nice view.Upon arrival - the first thing out of the front desk attendant's mouth was: Happy Birthday! They had indeed given a spectacular room on the 38th floor - overlooking St. Patrick's. The King Deluxe was standard in size - and fairly traditional in its lay-out -- but the giant flat screen TV was a site to behold - and the bed and linen - very, very comfy.But it is the service that stands out for me. From the excellent Brian (the bell hop) to the hard working women who cleaned our room every day -- placing slippers beside the bed -- turn-down service TWICE per day -- the great guys on the door -- and the top-notch concierges ----- it really was one of the friendliest hotels we have ever stayed at.The only drawback I could see was the internet was a tad wonky on the giant big-screen TV. We didn't bother trying to call and get it fixed -- just dealt with it.Oh, and the location was great for us: A fifteen minute walk to Central Park -- and a fifteen minute walk to Broadway.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Experience	Great Hotel; Great Location; Easy To Find; Friendly Service; Large Room(1222); Comfy Bed; Parking Extra; Internet Extra; Outdoor Courtyard; Walking Distance To Central Park, Broadway, St Patrick's Cathedral, Hop On/Hop Off Bus, Bloomingdales, Saks, Rockefeller Building Etc.Did not eat at the hotel - too pricy - walk East from hotel to 135/ 50th Street to a family operated Diner called New York Luncheonett; they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.No gourmet dining, but everything we had was very good and lots of variety. Service was prompt and friendly. It was packed at breakfast time, but no long wait.Hop On/Hop Off Bus Line called Circle Line $44 each takes you on a tour throughout Manhattan below 50th Street all the way to the very South end. For $10 more you get a 75 minute Boat Tour on the Hudson River - twhich can be upgraded to a 3 hour around Manhattan Tour for another $10 which we opted for as it was raining and there was nothing else to do besides getiing wet and blisters from walking in the rain. Both tours (bus and boat) have Tour Guides who supply you with lots of information.The restoration and maintenance of Central Park is 85% funded by a non profit organization called Central Park Conservancy, the City funds the balance - as per the guides that hosted the -free-(don't forget to contribute a donation on line) walking tour.Very informative - it introduces you to the Park and it's uses.Also, we would recommend that you visit the Rockefeller Tower just before dusk so that you can photograph the city in daylight and after dark - a spectacular sight - photograph The Empire State Building instead of seeing New York from it.We will be back to this city and this hotel; it was an incredible experience!	
Aug 4 2009 	Surprisingly Great	I stayed here with an out-of-town friend for a weekend getaway. As a seasoned New Yorker, I wasn't expecting much from one of the city's grand dames, most of which now live on reputation. However, I was totally surprised - the hotel and staff seemed to have been transplanted from a far less jaded place -- the Midwest, perhaps? We booked a tower suite and the room was directly above St. Patrick's Cathedral with sweeping views of the city. Although one can't really peer into Central Park (as you can from the Mandarin), there are still good views of the Hudson from the upper floors and spectacular sunset vistas. The room came with a lovely fruit and chocolate greeting gift, was spacious, beautifully done and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. Bathrooms were large with flattering lighting for putting on makeup. There is an exclusive check-in and concierge area for the tower guest rooms which can be helpful because the hotel lobby can become quite busy, so inform the bellmen if you're staying in the tower and they can direct you. Some tips: Splurge on a tower room - especially a suite if budget permits, as the rooms are spacious and comfortable. Request a high floor, as the views are much better, they're away from street noise and the tower elevators are quick and efficient. If budget permits book a table at Gilt -- the hotel's restaurant (one of Manhattan's best). Also visit the bar which is adjacent to the restaurant in a beautiful space. The dining and bar staff is very friendly staff and the bar serves excellent food from the same kitchen. The location is nearly perfect for shopping, theater and sightseeing. There are many of Manhattan's top restaurants nearby. For those on a budget, the nearby Peking Duck House restaurant has yummy Peking duck at a reasonable price, although though in an uninspired setting (this is a mid-town branch of the same restaurant recommended by several guidebooks, though it tends to be far less crowded than its Chinatown counterpart, but with the same indifferent service). Also, you may want to forgo the hotel breakfast and walk a few blocks to Ess-a-bagel on 3'd avenue -- just order whatever the locals are getting and you won't be disappointed. The Palace is not a contender for the top NYC hotel, but it is pleasant, an excellent value and a great choice for visitors. Everyone we encountered on the staff was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- such a surprise in New York!	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	Can recommend this hotel - it's a great place to stay for a leisure break; very central, and Madison Avenue is great.Our room was very pleasant, overlooking St. Patricks. It was a tad small, and to be quite honest the bathroom was a bit tired, but overall it was nice.We didn't eat there, but did have drinks in 'Gilt', which is very pretty and reasonably priced.I've no complaints at all.	
Aug 1 2009 	Perfect location good service good and clean rooms	The place to go in NY. I stayed at the 39th floor, with special place for breakfast and drinks in the floor. Really enjoyed the place and a Hotel to repeat in my visits to NY. You'll do everything walking for shopping, you'll have Saint Patrick right in front of the door and if you go somewhere else, there are plenty of taxis and no more than a 10 min ride.	
Jul 31 2009 	Book It Now	The New York Palace Hotel lived up to all of my expectations. The location is fantastic. From the moment we arrived to the time we departed every staff member we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was great-really clean and very quiet. I have stayed in a number of different hotels in New York over the past few years and this was way ahead of the others which were all in the same price range. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 31 2009 	very good	Really profesional, gilt restaurant is outstanding, very well located, entrance looks amazing.Concierge very helpful, getting table in very busy restaurants in the City Jean Georges, per se , (close to le bernardin)	
Jul 28 2009 	The best hotel we have stayed in when visiting NYC.	My daughter, granddaughter and myself have visited NYC almost every other year for the past seven years and this was the best hotel experience we have had. Excellent service from the entire staff and a beautiful view of St. Patrick's Cathedral. The housekeeping staff was excellent. They provided many fine details such as placing toothbrushes on linen handtowels and slippers at the side of the bed. A hotel with an old world elegant design. We enjoyed sitting in the courtyard after a show. It was a great way to finish the day with a glass of wine. Well done and thank you all. Keep up the excellent standards and yes we will be returning.	
Jul 28 2009 	Really great-great service clean excellent concierges	I loved this hotel. Had not been to New York City before and found the Palace wonderful. Not cheap, however. I always think the concierges in any hotel are invaluable to me and the ones here were excelltn, bent over backwards to help in any way. Really liked this hotel and found it very centrally located. Great towels. Even loaned us umbrellas when it rained, curling iron and hair dryer. Highly recommend this place.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fantastic Service Superior Location	Love every part of it. Great service, very clean, quiet room, and a beautiful lobby. Great location, in the center of everything.; we walked to Fifth Avenue Shopping, Central Park, and the Theater District.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great hotel	I have to say that I love the Palace. There are definitely hotels that are closer to Broadway or to Central Park, but every time I stay in NY, I stay at the Palace. The entire staff treats you well and they really go out of their way to be exceptionally nice to the children. When we arrived, they even gave each of them a little teddy bear - which was a big hit. Also, if you have girls, it is basically a block from the American Girl Store.	
Jul 21 2009 	The best hotel in New York . . by far!!	This hotel made our stay to New York.We stayed here for 7 amazing nights. As it was my partners birthday a little before the trip, I emailed in advance to advise. Upon check in, we were told we have been upgraded to an executive room with a Cathedral view, which was breathtaking.The rooms are superb, with the best housekeeping I have known, and the nightly turn down service is a great touch.The consierve service is also fantastic, both Gunther and Diego. They advised and booked some unbelievable restaurants.If you have any concerns about the price of this hotel, so did I, but every penny is worth it.Try emailing the hotel direct for great rates.	
Jul 20 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!!!	This hotel was sooo much better than the other hotels I stayed at in New York. They were very helpful in everything from planning places to go storing my luggage.	
Jul 19 2009 	an perfectly fine not outstanding hotel	I was expecting a lot when I heard I was going to be staying at the New York Palace hotel and found out it was part of the Dorchester Collection, which includes the famous hotel on Park Lane in London.So I guess I was always going to be disappointed. The best I can say is that the hotel overall is fine. Nothing special but not too bad for New York hotels.The hotel is busy and like so many New York hotels the reception staff seem off hand and disinterested, reeling off their patter with little real honesty or believability.The rooms are large for New York and quiet. The bed is large and very comfortable, and there is a gigantic flat screen TV with large range of channels. A good sized desk and fast internet access.The overall decor of the rooms, and the hotel for that matter, is beige, bland and unmemorable. The bathroom is a big disappointment as is a cookie cutter New York hotel look. They do have Molton Brown toiletries which is a plus.Room service is cheerful and efficient, but the food is very average.The location on Madison and 50th is good for Fifth Avenue shops.The fitness centre on the 8th floor is large and well equipped and a plus.There is a lack of attention to detail overall, so things like the battery in the scales was run down, the toilet needed some manual help to shut off after flushing and the limo I booked was booked for 615pm and not 615am as asked for.The hotel rides on the brand name of Dorchester, but is not giving the service, attention and the overall experience it should.It is one of those bland but fine places you end up staying for when away for work. Not bad enough to complain, but not good enough to really look forward to going back to.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very enjoyable	Whilst I agree with other reviewers in that the lobby area of the hotel and the our room bathroom was a bit dated, the standard of housekeeping in the room was excellent. All the staff were very courteous and helpful. The view from our 23rd floor room was breathtaking!We didn't eat in the hotel, as there are so many great places to eat nearby - including breakfasts. I have to give a special mention to - Diego, one of the conierge team - who recommended some fantastic restaurants for us in the evening. Wow!It is an ideal location - for both shops and sightseeing.We would stay there again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Greatest hotel experience of my life made my NY trip the best!	Highly recommended, if you've got a couple of extra bills. We chose this hotel for our stay in NY in August 2008, despite my doubts of whether or not I would be satisfied. I usually favor the modern and trendier hotels rather than the fancy, &quot;old-world&quot;, elegant, luxurious kind.The exterior architecture is gorgeous and was even better when I stepped inside. I must say I was very, very impressed with the beautiful and elegant interior, lobby, grand staircase, and the very professional check-in staff member (considering it was 4 a.m., he was very friendly). I had booked a room for 2 adults and 2 children (we really had 4 adults), but when the check-in staff clearly saw we had &quot;lied&quot;, they didn't bother to charge us the extra adult persons fee. We also had requested a Deluxe Double room, but they had given us a room with one King bed instead. We asked if there were any rooms with double beds available and he kindly upgraded us (complimentary!) to a room with 2 double beds in the Towers (slightly bigger rooms than the Deluxe and located on higher floors [41st-54th] with exclusive access to super fast elevators and personal concierge).Our rate included complimentary breakfast for two during our stay, where we had the choice of eating in the Madison Room (located on the lobby floor) or having it brought in by room service. We ordered the American Breakfast and it was hands down, the most delicious and best breakfast I have ever tasted in my life! Waking up to the Chrysler Building on the 51st floor and having breakfast to a view is seriously amazing. Our room was pretty big (465 sq. ft.) compared to what's the &quot;norm&quot; in NYC and fairly new (rooms are located in a modern building, not in the Villard Mansion). The Tower rooms are either in traditional or contemporary decor. Our room was contemporary and although it was decorated very simply, it was comfortable, inviting, and warm. The beds were super comfortable; and the micro-fiber slippers and robes were so amazingly plush and comfortable.Great location, very close to Park &amp; 5th (where the shopping is). Customer service is SUPERB. The day we left, I wanted to go down the grand staircase through the main entrance to meet my family, but I couldn't carry our luggage myself. One of the employees in a suit saw I was having trouble and asked if I need helped. I insisted I didn't, but she immediately called over 2 men to bring our luggage down the staircase and out through the main entrance to the courtyard. If that's not great customer service, hell, I must have been mistaken for Lucy Liu.During my stay here, I also learned the popular CW television show &quot;Gossip Girl&quot; occasionally films in the hotel, which I thought was super cool 'cause I'm a big &quot;GG&quot; fan. There is also complimentary access to their 7,000 sq. ft. gym and Wi-Fi. I was very, very pleased with my stay here and without doubt, I would *definitely* stay here again!	
Jul 9 2009 	Beautiful hotel - can't wait to return!	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the New York Palace and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated inside and even looks grand on the outside with its welcoming large black gates. I stayed in a room on the 23rd floor and the room itself was a wonderful size and more than big enough to fulfill anyone's requirements. The huge king size bed was definitely the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! I was impressed with the large flat screen tv and the general facilities within the room. The bathroom was nice and generally clean (apart from finding a toe nail and a couple of darks hairs on the bathmat on the night I arrived - not very impressed!) however it could have been a little bigger! The turndown service with the slippers put out next to your bed and a chocolate on the pillow was a nice touch.I didn't eat in any of the restaurants so I can't comment on the food however I was impressed with the efficiency of the room service and the lovely presentation. Overall, I really enjoyed staying at the Palace and the location was simply fantastic! If I had to report on anything negative, it would probably be the fact that I didn't find the front desk staff overly friendly. The doormen however were extremely friendly and couldn't do enough to help!I would definitely reccommend this hotel and I certainly hope to be returning soon!	
Jul 9 2009 	one of the better hotels in New York	I am a travel agent in the Uk and I booked this hotel for our Honeymoon so travelled with my Husband. We stayed for 5 nights and booked directly on the hotel website for a deluxe king room (this is the standard type of room), the rate we got was amazing approx $250 per night, which for a hotel of this caliber is very very good. Being a travel agent I checked all hotel suppliers to see if I could find an even better rate but expedia came closest but still not as good as the hotel website. We contacted the hotel before we travelled to advise them we were on Honeymoon during our stay and we requested a non smoking room on as high a floor as possible, we recieved a reply within 24 hours from the hotel confirmaing our booking and acknowleding our requests.On arrival we were greeted by Ed on reception, he was very friendly and efficient he congratulated us on our marriage and offered us a room upgrade, we were given the choice of a room with a view of St Patricks Catherdral or a Towers Room, we went with the Towers room. For those that don't know the hotel, the towers have their own reception, concierge and all rooms are located on the higher floors of the hotel, they are generally a lot bigger than the standard deluxe rooms too. We were allocated room 4405 on the 44th floor, the room was very big with 2 walk in closets, safe,mini bar etc, also bathrobes and slippers were provided aswell as an mbrella for rainy days. The view from the room was OK but not great as our huge window looked out onto the brick back wall of another huge building really obstructing what would have been a lovely view. I have noticed on all the reviews people have mentioned that there are no coffee or tea making facilities, true there were none in the room but we asked our bellhop and he said the hotel would happily provide them so he rang someone and within 10 mins we had a kettle, a coffee machine a jug of milk and some sachets of coffee and filters for the machine, so if you want them you just need to ask.We found the hotel to be very peaceful, the air con was very good and the location was superb with access to everything you might possibly want to do or see whilst in New York. On the 4th day there I decided to ask if we could switch rooms to a room with a better view (on my previous trip to New York we stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza which has the best views in the city, so the views we had compared with that were poor), reception looked into what rooms were free and offered us a switch to a room on the same floor but west facing with a view of the rockafella centre and St Patrciks, we accepted this rrom for an extra $35 per night as it really was worth it for the view, this room 4412 was slightly smaller than the original but the same decor (classic style).Overall we really enjoyed our time at the hotel, almost everyone was very friendly and professional, concierge for the towers was fantastic we dealt with several memebers of staff and they were all brilliant. We checked out of the hotel early 10am on the Sunday morning as we were out for the day on the sex and the city tour, we were able to leave our luggage and then use the changing rooms on the 8th floor leisure complex to shower and change ready for the flight home, the locker room showers are fab and all toiletries like shampoo,conditoner, deoderant , mouthwash etc were provided along with robes and slippers.Next time we stay in new York we probably won't stay at the same hotel but that is purely down to the fact we would like to try a hotel further downtown, downtown areas like Greenwich Village and Meat packing District are really charming places and we fancied staying at the Ganservoort Hotel next time with a roof top pool and bar.	
Jul 8 2009 	REALLY ENJOYED IT	Before travelling to New York with my husband and teenage daughter, I carefully researched the Trip Advisor listings for Manhattan and, after careful consideration, settled on the New York Palace. It was definitely worth doing my homework. We were very satisfied with our choice. The value for our money was amazing given the access to the 39th floor lounge which included breakfast, mid day snack, evening appetizers and evening desserts. It was located within 2 blocks of the number 6 subway line and a ten minute walk to Central Park. The rooms were large and beautiful and the service, with the exception of the concierge, was excellent.In terms of the concierge, I had a number of issues. First of all they convinced us to sign up for a two day Circle Tour, as opposed to just one day. Anyone who has done a circle tour can tell you that they are great, but that they get very tiring due to the slow pace of the traffic, the heat and fumes and the relentless babble from the tour guide. I’m sure most people would find that one day is more than sufficient. I was left with the distinct impression that the concierge staff are motivated by commissions rather than by the best interest of their patrons. Similarly, they kept trying to push the “Gilt” restaurant at the hotel instead of recommending other restaurants. Another time when I called the desk, I was put on hold for a very long time and when I hung up and redialed, the concierge informed me rather impatiently that he was with another guest and would call me as soon as he was done.Fortunately, the rest of the staff made up for the above issues and our overall experience at the hotel was one that left us eager to return in the future. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York.	
Jul 7 2009 	Best hotel in NYC	Loved it - we stayed for 7 nights on the 31st floor with exec lounge privileges.Check in was very effficient - our bags were taken out the car and stored whilst we checked in which took less than 5 minutes!Our room had a great view of St Patricks - great size brilliant bed with large tv and lots of channels - USA, TNT, BBC America, Sports channels, Weather channels very good choice.The Maitre D' for the exec lounge is originally from the UK &amp; called Gavin, and was excellent as well. The breakfast consisted of fruit, cereal and a hot american breakfast plus coffee, tea, water, sodas and was excellent.Had a few drinks in the Gilt bar one barman looks like a taller George Clooney - my girlfriend loved that! Cocktails excellent and in Istana bar there was a rather good piano player!Great location we walked to times square and central park on a regular basis and there is also a subway stop 5 mins walk awayAll staff were excellent- concierge, reception, bar, housekeeping.Hugely recommended!	
Jul 6 2009 	Beautiful CHarming Luxary	I stayed with a friend in The Palace in June 2009, and were absolutely blown away. The entrance is grand, and we were treated perfectly. We checked into a delux King room on the 17th floor, with mindblowing views of the Cathedral. The room itself was huge, and spotlessly clean, and extremely comfortable. Dinner at Gilt is a must - the food is amazing, and the bar is full of trendy New Yorkers. All in all, there was nothing more relaxing than champagne cocktail after a hard day shopping, underneath the fairy lights at The Palace - New York Gold - you know you love it!!! xoxo	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent in every way	It's not easy to add to what has already been said about the Palace, but if you're looking for a hotel in New York that has the best location, service, rooms and food this must be the one. It is pricey, but we did not regret a single penny spent. Luckily upgraded to a Towers Suite on the 51st floor with fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline, we also used the Istana restaurant (less formal than Gilt, but excellent food and service - when the staff found out we were on a special trip a cake was made especially!) and the Gilt bar in the courtyard. The bar is in the beautiful courtyard, and a welcome relaxing place to unwind on a hot day. Room service was punctual and very well presented. Also used the well equipped fitness centre, with very helpful staff. Apart from its style and location, what gives this hotel the edge is the relaxed, but impeccable, service on offer. You are made to feel welcome from the minute you enter, and nothing is too much trouble. Guests are a mix of smarter business people and tourists from the US and beyond, so you can fit in whatever your style! Six nights of heaven, that we were sorry to leave.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great location awesome hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon. We were able to check in early with no problem (around 11am, instead of 3pm) and we got an excellent corner room. The room had a great view! There was some construction on the street below, but its NYC. There seems to always be construction. Once we turned the fans on the air we didnt hear it anymore. The conceirge is excellent. We wanted to eat at restaurants that offered prixe fix for our lunches, and she set us up with recomendations and then reservations within minutes. The housekeeping had our rooms spotless the entire week, and turndown gave us some awesome chocolate and new slippers everyday. The room also had amazing pillows and it was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in at a hotel!!The location is great because you are close enough to time square and the touristy parts of NYC but far enough away to enjoy the scenery and less crowded streets. We were within blocks of everything we wanted to see (Broadway, awesome restaurants, etc). Also right across the street is a beautiful church.We only had time to eat at one of the restaurants inside the hotel. The food was excellent and I would definetly try the other two next time we go. It will definitely be a hotel I stay at next time I'm in NYC! (There isnt anything I didnt like about this hotel!)	
Jul 3 2009 	Huge Rooms; Outrageously Priced Business Services	I stayed for one night on July 1 because the group I was traveling with made their reservations here. I haven't seen the reviews of anyone else, so maybe this is old news. I was on the 30th floor and the rooms were huge, which was great. The hotel is very grand and elegant from the lobby to the rooms. It is definitely a little worn (the upholstery on the chairs in my room was thread bare in some places and torn); the furniture was a little beat up; etc. I didn't care though, because it still felt like a really nice place. The furniture was all gigantic, hardwood, and very stately looking. The desk in the room was also extra large. There was a big flat screen TV mounted on the wall, which was nice (except that it was hard to see from the desk and it couldn't be angled in that direction). I took some pictures (attached), but I don't know that they do the room size justice. The turn down service was particularly interesting. Besides putting a towel on the floor by the bed and laying out slippers (I have only seen that a few times before), the maid had put a towel out on the bathroom counter, and had taken my toobrush and toothpaste out of my toiletries bag and arranged them on the towel. I thought it was a nice, if strange touch. I didn't eat in the hotel, so I can't comment on the food. I paid $35 extra to face West (I have no idea what the view would have been in the other direction) and had a beautiful view of the City and St. Patricks Cathedral. I don't know if it was worth $35, but it was a nice view. My big criticism is the business center on the fifth floor. I forgot my laptop and needed internet access. The cost was absurd: $5 &quot;service fee&quot; just to get on a computer and $1 for each minute of use. I think they said the first 5 minutes were free (except for the $5 &quot;service fee&quot;). I did ask about upgrading to executive lounge services, which included a room (with food) with three computers offering free internet access. But that upgrade was $75 and I just wanted the computer access, not the food. From my standpoint, they might as well not offer the computer services on the fifth floor because the cost is absurd.	
Jul 2 2009 	Service and comfort of a 5 star	We stayed at the Palace for 3 nights in June. Having not been to Manhatten before, we were told to stay in Midtown to be easy travel to the galleries, the park, and for easy access to downtown.The Palace is in a great location, only one block from the shopping of Rockefeller Center, and a short walk to the park.The hotel is excellent. Very understated and comfortable. Aside from it's opulent looking entrance, the lobby is small and welcoming. The staff and service is exceptional. We were often on the concierge desk asking for recommendations for dinner and activities. Concierges David and Diego were very attentive and helpful, answering all of questions and giving us great recommendations.The rooms very larger than we expected and nicely appointed. Beds were very comfortable and linen immaculate. Rooms were always made up when we went out, even for a short time. We would always return to a fully made up room, and they never disturbed us.Great gym faciliaties too. But it's the service and staff that make this hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel for both family and business travellers.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Hotel but i wouldn't stay again	The hotel is in an excellent location for Midtown Manhattan and you can get a taxi easily anywhere else.However I have to disagree to a certain extent with some of the other reviews on this site.Upon entering the hotel i thought it looked slightly dated and although it is meant to be 'old world' decor it didn't look original just slightly chintzy. The same is to be said for the corridors which were particularly depressing. The rooms are a good size and very clean and the bed was very comfortable, we also had a great view. Again though the rooms could do with some updating and the bathroom was well below standard. There was no separate shower and the bathroom is very small and feels more 3* than 5*.The staff were very helpful and it was not an awful place to stay but having stayed in Four Seasons hotels on a number of occasions this fell way short of expectations.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice but expensive	The hotel was very opulent on first impressions with lots of gold leaf and chandeliers, rows of receptionsits and other staff, and was full of business people in city clothes, making us feel rather scruffy having just flown over from a beach stay in the Keys.. Our room was quite large by NY standards, and furnished in classic style furniture plus flat screen television. The bathroom was OK with a bath but no separate shower and didn't really come up to expectation bearing in mind the grade of the hotel. The internet was expensive, over $16 per day unless you were in the Tower where it was free, which made us feel like 2nd class guests. Reception did try to sell us an upgrade when we arrived to a room with a view of a park but we didn't take up the offer!The cleanliness was very good and the room maids were very diligent. We didn't take a car to NY as it is not necessary for a stay there but I belive the hotel had a car park but don't know the cost. We also ate out as NY is full of exciting places to eat and drink so can't comment on the quality of food.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nothing less than perfect!	Didn't get around to writing a review on a fabulous stay at The Palace last August, so here it is now. We (husband, brother, sister-in-law) spent 3 days / 2 nights at The Palace to celebrate my husband's birthday by attending the US Open. From the moment we arrived in the hotel, a perfect experience began. We were greeted warmly, registered in little time, and put in a room with a stunning view of St. Patrick's Cathedral. From that first moment, we were greeted daily BY NAME whenever we passed by the lobby. The room was lovely, well appointed, and very comfortable; breakfasts (taken in a room for guests w/ additional privileges) were abundant and served buffet style; and the quality of the staff (warm, professional, friendly, dedicated) was wonderful. We didn't eat lunch or dinner in the hotel b/c lunches were eaten at the Open and dinners at other restaurants, so I can't comment on food there, except for breakfast. The next time we're in the City, we'll definitely return to The Palace.	
Jun 28 2009 	wounderful hotel	we stayed 8 nights here in april. found the service from most of the staff very good. only 2 slight complaints. found the gilt bar service very slow took 1/2 hour to bring our drinks and we had to ask 4 times for the bill. dont expect that from this class of hotel.also we booked the room 9months before and the rates had gone down but they would not allow us to cancel and rebook at the hotel.were told would have to go on line cancel on there but we would have to change rooms if we did this!! one other tip if you can get in eat at le bernadine great service and one of the best sea food resturants i have eaten in.	
Jun 24 2009 	Wonderful!	The New York Palace is the perfect New York City hotel. The location is superb, the staff is excellent, and the rooms and public areas of the hotel are lovely.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fantastic!!! Didn't want to leave!!!	Upon arrival we were informed we had been updated to a tower room as a treat for my daughter's 8th birthday! We arrived well before check-in time but our room was ready! Our room was beautiful..... 53rd floor with a spectacular view of the city and St. Patrick's Cathedral. This isn't the type of hotel we are accustomed to so had to ask many questions about how to get our car from valet parking, how to get our bags to our car when checking out, etc. . The staff answered our questions clearly and always in a friendly, respectul manner. Check in and check out was flawless with the exception of a long wait for our car when we checked out. The worker who parked our car upon arrival and brought our car to us when we were ready to leave was the only employee we encountered who was less than friendly. The woman who handled our check in immediately made us feel welcome and comfortable. She was wonderful!!! Anyway, we felt like royalty the entire stay. The staff made us feel welcome and helped us find our way around the city. The location was excellent. We walked to American Girl Place, Central Park, Rockefeller Center and Broadway. The hotel provided a free shuttle to the theater district but not back to the hotel after the show. No bother..... it was an easy and pleasant walk. The courtyard was spectacular and the lobby was beautiful!!! Everything was spotless. Mattresses were exceptional. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants but they looked beautiful. There was a Starbucks across the street so we used this for our morning coffee and bagel. I can't say enough about this hotel. It has ruined us for any other hotels. I would definitely stay here again!!!! My daughter had been looking forward to her American Girl Place visit but cut her visit short because she couldn't wait to return to the hotel!!! The hotel did have an American Girl Place package. My daughter received a bed/futon for her doll complete with pillow and blanket. She was thrilled. This hotel is accurately named! My daughter felt like a princess in her palace. We are absolutely in love with New York City now..... I think a big part of this is due to the treatment we received at the New York Palace.	
Jun 21 2009 	Worth every penny	Based on Trip Advisor reviews, we chose to stay at the New York Palace rather than better known alternatives such as the Waldorf Astoria. We’re not used to spending this much money on a hotel, but it was a special occasion and turned out to be worth every penny! The location is spot on - just a stone’s throw from the Rockefeller Plaza which we found to be the perfect place to eat breakfast and chill out at the start of the day. The view from our corner room was simply breathtaking (check out one of the photos I took with St Patrick’s Cathedral in the foreground, looking along 50th Street with Rockefeller on the left and the sun setting over the Hudson river – it was quite spectacular). Another outstanding thing to mention about the Palace Hotel is the quality of the bed. We usually look forward to going home to our own bed at the end of a holiday, but on this occasion we wished we could have taken the bed home with us!	
Jun 16 2009 	Wonderful/AMAZING Birthday weekend	Wow, Wow, Wow! Those are the words to descibe this hotel. We stayed here for my husband's birthday for 2 nights and had the most incredible time. The hotel is beautiful and elegant. We felt like and were treated like a king and queen for the weekend. The view of St Patricks Cathedral from our room was incredible. We were within walking distance to great restaurants and shopping. The hotel staff was so professional and friendly. We travel quite a bit and can be somewhat picky about where we stay-It was our first time to this hotel, but I can guarantee everyone it will not be our last time. Thank you NY Palace for making my husband's birthday weekend very special and a time we will NEVER forget. See you soon. Maybe for my birthday =)	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect!	We stayed there one night on June 6. loved it, loved it... Everything was perfect. Friendly staff, especially bellman Brian. He was very knowlegable and helpful. The hotel itself was beautiful. We really enjoyed sitting in the courtyard. The lobby was elegent too.The location was convenient. Easy to walk to restaurants and shops.Liked everything about the New York Palace. Will definately come back.	
Jun 15 2009 	Love this hotel	This is about my most favourite hotel ever and am so delighted to be able to return to NY fairly regularly and stay here. Room are fantastic, staff very attentive and helpful, bed is amazing (you never want get out) and the location is perfect. Only downside is having to leave!!	
Jun 15 2009	A beautiful weekend getaway.	My husband and I booked this hotel based on its rating on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. For starters, we booked a long weekend deal where, if you booked 2 nights you got the 3rd free, and it included room service breakfast (which, if we had paid for, would have been $90 a day for the two of us). The location was perfect for walking to 5th Avenue, 30 Rock, Central Park, Times Square. The room was in the non-tower part of the hotel which is, from what I gather, the older, less posh part of the hotel. Doesn't matter because the room was gorgeous. Fluffy bed and nice linens. Spacious. Our view was north and, because we were on a low floor we looked out onto another building wall but could see the Waldorf for half of our view. The breakfast was 5 star served on cart. Staff was wonderful including maids, doormen, concierge. This is our new New York Hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Brilliant!	Stayed here for one-night weekend escape. Elegant building. Wonderful location. Friendly stuff. Big, clean, luxury room with nice bed and bathroom. St. Patrick's Cathedral view. Will definitely stay again.	
Jun 9 2009 	really enjoyed the New York Palace	My wife and I stayed at the New York Palace for two nights and really enjoyed it.I was looking for a five star hotel that wouldn't cost a fortune and I thought the 375$ we paid was quite reasonable compared to other five star hotels in midtown.The room wasn't too big but it was just right.We had a nice view and the beds and covers were very comfortable.The only downside was the breakfast which we ordered to the room which was very expensive, but I guess that's the same in most hotels.	
Jun 8 2009	i have absolutely not a single word to day! =)	this is by far the BEST hotel I have ben too..a lot of famous peoplego here too..everything about it says *******!!!	
Jun 1 2009	Perfect.	The NY Palace Hotel is perfect. I prefer a different location on the west side or lower manhattan, but this HOTEL is fantastic.I booked the least expensive room thru the online discounter,Quikbook,, for myself and my daughter for 2 nights. I can find no fault in any aspect of our stay. Staff: super. Room: outstanding (even tho it was an inside room facing a brick wall). Noise: none. OK, one problem. I had trouble with the lighting controls in the room, It does not get too much better than this.	
May 30 2009	Royal Treatment	The Palace Hotel is true to its name. The interior is grand, but it’s the staff that treats you like royalty even if you’re in a pair of sneakers and jeans. This hotel definitely deserves its high ranking on Trip Advisor.Here’s my take:STAFF--Over-the-top genuinely friendly and helpful. From the moment we got out of our taxi, the bell hops were there to assist with luggage and more important take care of my Mom. Ray practically lifted her out of the cab. The front desk had a good system in place. While one person was keying in our information on the computer, someone else chatted with us making us feel even more welcome. Room Service personnel are some of the best I’ve experienced. One woman in particular who works the late shift taking phone requests was exceptionally pleasant. Housekeeping does a very nice job keeping the rooms tidy and they are very quiet.ROOMS--Tastefully decorated, comfortable beds and large in size for New York standards. Deluxe Rooms are located between the 9th and 29th Floors, Executive Rooms are the next 10 floors up and the Tower Rooms are located between the 41st and 54th Floors.VIEW--I booked a Deluxe Room which does not guarantee a view of St. Patrick’s Cathedral, but the staff located a room for us that did. We were 20 some stories up and the view was spectacular. The way the hotel is situated, we could not get a view of the Empire State or Chrysler Buildings, but it may be possible if you book a Tower Room or Suite (check with the staff). LOCATION--Can’t be beat. Across the street from St. Patrick's Cathedral, less than two blocks from Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall, a short walk to Central Park and Times Square and one block from 5th Avenue. It’s also close to Grand Central Station, the Chrysler Building and Bryant Park. RATES--The hotel’s website has a weekend rate, which was a far better deal than anyone else was offering at the time. You can definitely find a less expensive hotel, but you won’t have the same experience anywhere else for the price.ROOM SERVICE--I try to avoid this due to the cost, but many evenings we were out late and it was just more convenient. For years, great hotel food seemed to be only found in European countries. Even the late night menu food was outstanding at the Palace. Basic sounding menu items were delicious. A perfect roast turkey club with bacon and tomato, the Palace Salad with beets, oranges and Vermont goat cheese. They even brought up a bottle of champagne and fruit platter since it was my Mom’s birthday. Another night we had a sirloin burger with sweet potato fries and chicken panini. If you have a morning flight, it’s very convenient to order breakfast at the hotel. You can hang up a breakfast order tag outside your room until 2am and they will deliver your food to you at the designated time you selected, even if it’s 7am.RESTAURANTS INSIDE HOTEL--I did not eat at “Gilt” although I’ve heard it’s fantastic. I ate at “Istana” and it was definitely a weak link in the hotel. The food was average and the staff definitely were not in the same league as the rest of the staff in the hotel. Don’t expect to get the same warm greeting that you got when you checked in.GIFT SHOP--Disappointing. Small, hot with a very odd assortment of things. Expensive designer items costing hundreds of dollars next to some cheap plastics. I was hoping to find some Palace Hotel souvenir items, since the logo and the hotel itself is so classy or some nice New York souvenirs. The Gift Shop could use some improvements.MISC--There are no ice machines on the floors. Call Room Service, and they bring ice up to you on a silver platter---literally. There are no “Do Not Disturb” or “Room Service” hang tags, instead there are square buttons inside the door that you push, which lights up the message outside. All the lights use the same square button feature.The staff does an outstanding job to ensure your stay in New York is a special one. You’ll love the Palace Hotel! Treat yourself.	
May 30 2009 	Wow Wow Wow	My family and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the beautiful New York Palace. All the previous reviews were right. The Hotel is out of this world and is well worthy of its 5 star status. We stayed in a Deluxe double on the 29th floor and the view of St Patricks was outstanding. The room was beautifully decorated and spotlessy clean. The beds were the best we,ve ever slept in, pure luxury. We were celebrating our 20th Wedding Anniversary and were delighted to return to our room to chocolate covered strawberries and sparkling water, with a lovely message from hotel. Nothing was too much trouble, the staff and concierge were brilliant. We have had the most amazing trip and if there,s a downside it,s that we,ve been spoilt to say anywhere else.	
May 29 2009 	Best hotel we have ever stayed in ever!	We were originally supposed to be one of the lower floors (between 0 and 29) and my boyfriend had asked for as high a room as possible. When we got there we checked in and got the shock of our lives when we were upgraded to the 51st floor! The view was amazing and throughout our stay there wasn't a single person in the hotel who wasn't polite at every opportunity, something we're not very used to! Location is fantastic, line 4,5,6 from grand central takes you all the way to downtown. Would totally recommend this hotel and will deffinately be going back!	
May 24 2009 	We were spoiled at The Palace	We stayed in the wonderful Corner, King, Executive Level. We had a million dollar view of the Hudson and St. Patricks Cathedral. The food and service at the club level were wonderful (especially breakfast) and it was nice to pop in and get some water or something else to drink anytime of day.Close by were lots of shops (even an H&amp;M) and Rockefeller Center. One morning we went down to see the taping of The Today Show. Also, not too far, a quick cab ride (or walk if you prefer) to Times Square or Central Park. I loved getting back to the hotel and walking thru the courtyard into a lobby area. It felt like I was coming home to a beautiful mansion.We saw the play &quot;In The Heights&quot; and highly recommend this delightful musical.There is a guided tour of the World Trade Center area that is given by people who have a personal connection to 9/11 and I also recommend that.One evening we took the 'Night tour' on the double-decker bus (because of the breeze you'll get up top be prepared for it to be a few degrees cooler than ground level) You meet it at Times Square. This particular tour doesn't make stops and shows you a lot of NYC, along with interesting history, in a 2-hour tour. My husband didn't really want to do it but even he would recommend it now!We also did a few museums. I was prepared to walk but I was unprepared with how much we walked and that is with taking lots and lots of cabs.After NYC we took the Acela train to WashingtonDC. Loved the train! We didn't know that Penn Station is at Madison Square Garden and we didn't know the layout of where to go. I missed having a bellman help with luggage! The Acela waiting room is nice and when they call your train you go into a large hall and look up at the big board to find your terminal number and head to that escalator. I wish we had that business class high-speed train in Texas!We were spoiled and I can't imagine staying any other place next time we visit NYC.	
May 21 2009 	Fantastic no other word for it	We went to the New York Palace to celebrate my 50th birthday and told them when we booked. They upgraded our room to a corner room on the 33rd Floor overlooking the Cathedral and The Rockafella center and also gave me a loverly chocolate bithday cake. So its well worth telling them if you are going to celebrate something special.Being in the executive rooms we had access to the executive lounge which was wonderful. The breakfast had everything you could possibly want , lunch again had a good selection and then at 5 o'clock canapes and wine, and all this free. You could get away without eating out at all if you so wished. Having said that we ate in the Gilt restaurant and had their taster menu with wine. What can I say it was the best meal I have ever tasted. The service superb and the dining room itself beautiful. Its not cheap especially when you add on tips but well worth the money.The consierge service was brilliant and all the staff we came across very friendly and helpful.Would I stay there again next time I am in New York? Definitely, no doubt about it, just trying to find an reason to go back.	
May 21 2009 	Great time great city great hotel	My wife and I booked break in New York at the recommendation of our son. We chose the New York Palace because of other Trip Advisor reviews. We were very pleased with both selections. We booked a standard room at the hotel but were 'boosted' to the 32nd floor with great views over St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Rockefeller centre. The room facilities were fine with a very comfortable bed. The hotel facilities and service were what one would expect from a 5 star establishment - not quite up to the London Dorchester (which is in the same group) but still good. All the staff were friendly and helpful - notably the concierge and doormen. We tried the standard restaurant (Istana) and the Michelin starred Gilt. Both were good (but expensive of course). A special mention goes to Georgio Paraponiaris who runs Istana - very charming and accomodating.	
May 17 2009 	Would love to stay again	We wanted a hotel with a great location (just across the street from St. Patrick's) and lots of history. The New York Palace provided both. The hotel has a fantastic ambiance and just sitting in the lobby people watching is fun. The service was exceptional. The turn down service was one of the nicest we have had at any hotel. It included chocolate, slippers and music. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the room was very spacious. The bathroom was great, as were the bath amenities. One of the most beautiful hotels in New York.	
May 16 2009 	Great hotel	We were in NY for business and stayed at this hotel for 5 nights.The location is superb - walking distance from the mains office building and lots of shops and nice places to eat.The rooms were really nice, spacious and very comfortable.The concierge desk is very good and effiicient. They managed to help us out with all our questions and get us last minute reservations at some of the fancy places too which typically require you to book weeks in advance. Overall, this hotel is a great base for both business as well as tourist travellers.	
May 13 2009 	Fantastic! will never stay anywhere else in NY	After reading the reviews here I knew it was going to be a nice Hotel and a comfortable stay. It was however one of the most enjoyable Hotel stays i have ever had. It was the staff who made you feel at home the second you stepped out of the cab, the little touches in the rooms, the views, the location and the general atmosphere the Palace has. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and i honestly didnt have one complaint! As 4 girls on a weekend break from Europe to shop, eat, drink and shop again we couldnt have asked for more!I hope to go back year on year...	
May 13 2009 	I (L) NY	If someone would say, Go back? I'd even leave without packing..what an amazing experience!it was my first time in NY and I wish i'd never had to leave..I went to the NY palace in january for 5 nights with my boyfriend.upon check in we encountered a little problem because we didnt have our credit cards with us, but the staff was extremely helpful and didn't mind and continue the check in.we got the most amazing hotel room, with an amazing view over snowed down st. patricks cathedral. Like a painting... oh my god!The room was incredible... the bed was even better... not to talk about the pillows! I wanted to sneak them into my suitcase...the staff is extremely helpfull.. make all the reservations for restaurants, sightseeings without extra charging you. you''ll love it! believe me!	
May 12 2009 	it was nice ..id recommend	the hotel was nice enough, actually the lobby and hotel are very very nice ..i thought .the service was borderline weird at times.., they would engage you in conversation, but as soon as youd tip them, they literrally would clam up and leave ...that happened twice as i recall,so i guess i just figured it was best not to tip.but id say the service was excellent...as far as new york hotels go, i think this is one of its finest, maybe the finest.. ,because the rooms were just average unless you upgrade.i was expecting more i guess.., the view was good enough..oh yes,, they have a busines center but it was closed at 6 pm when we tried to use it on a sunday., according to concierge it is because of the recession....didnt make much sense to us..other than that yes,m very n ice place and worth it..you wont go wrong.......	
May 12 2009 	Bad service to start... but oh rectified so well!	It has taken me about a year to add this review, but I thought it was worth giving our experience at the New York Palace.We were booked into a Towers room. Despite having booked a non-smoking double room we were shown first to a twin room and then to a smoking room. When I expressed my dissatisfaction to the guy on the front desk, he basically became quite rude and abrasive (and I don't think it was unreasonable wanting what I'd booked at that price!) We were told to come back in a few hours and the room we'd booked would be available. Whilst we were out, I called and left a voicemail for the manager of the Towers expressing my dissatisfaction with the service we had received.Wow, was that call worth making. When we returned, with no fuss or fanfare, we were quietly told we'd been upgraded to a suite. And what a suite; you're talking about a huge one bedroomed suite with sitting room, dining area for 8, kitchen and two bathrooms! All with panoramic views over NYC.Now any hotel that goes to those lengths to resolve a customer complaint gets a full thumbs up in my book as it shows how seriously they take customer service.Overall, we were very impressed with the hotel; all the other staff we met were very friendly, the Towers concierge was great at organising bookings and the like for us, the location is fantastic meaning that we walked nearly everywhere rather than having to worry about getting cabs. The only negative was the cost of food and drink in the hotel, but this was nothing atypical for a hotel of this calibre and we just went and got a coffee and muffin from Starbucks for breakfast.	
May 11 2009 	Felt like the princess	The New York Palace is incredible. Yes, it is not cheap, but it is definitely worth every dollar you pay for it.The staff is very attentive and went out of their way to spoil me. Upon my arrival, I was upgraded to a room in floor 34th, with the most amazing view of the back of St Patrick.The room was spacious, bright (even though it was winter) and very well decorated, with a very comfortable bed, nice TV and sitting space by the window. Big bathroom, with all kind of nice toiletries and a tub (which is hard to find in NYC).This hotel was really beyond my expectations, I would totally recommended it if you can afford it.	
May 6 2009 	Best ever NY hotel experience	I would have no hesitation recommending the Palace to anyone who appreciates high quality and is prepared to pay for it. The staff of the Palace are superb - highly professional, yet very friendly. They made us feel very welcome and nothing too much trouble. Every aspect of the hotel is first class - reception, concierge, restaurants and guest rooms. Even though we were on Madison Avenue overlooking St. Patricks Churchtraffic noise was minimal and the bed was so supremely comfortable that we slept like tops! I have stayed in numerous good quality NY hotels and this is easily the best.	
May 5 2009 	The Best Location and Fantastic Staff!!!	I have just come back from visiting the New York Palace , we stayed for 4 days and the hotel is fantastic!!!! The rooms are very spacious compared to other hotels in New York, with plasmas tv and excellent views of St Patricks Cathedral. The bathrooms are of a good size with loads of little extras ...Molton Brown toiletries bathrobes and slippers. The staff her were lovely especially the bellboys at the entrance who couldnt do enough and always made polite conversation with us and the bar staff who were as friendly two girls and a young man in particular whho would chat to you about your day and give advice on places restaurants etc should you need it. My only negative comment about this hotel which is a small issue is that sometimes on entering the hotel you can feel a little uneasy as if you shouldnt be talking or everyone is watching you, this is not down to the staff but to the type of people that stay here and for that reason the hotel can come accross a little stuffy!! Apart from this MINOR problem it was great would return again ....oh and one other thing DO NOT use the phone in the room 3 very short calls lasting 5-10 mins $146!!!	
May 3 2009 	Wonderful NY hotel	I have stayed in a few hotels in the city and am starting to experiment with different hotels in different locations. This hotel was nothing short of fabulous. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are lovely, the beds are comfortable, service is excellent, the location is perfect. I may continue to experiment with other locations for different experiences but I believe the New York Palace has spoiled me for life.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great hotel...we will return	We just got back from a quick get away and over night in New York. We found the Palace was the perfect place to stay. We never had stayed here before but after reading Trip Adviser reviews we were compelled to try it. We usually are Kimpton, Ritz and Four Season travelers. For one quick night and knowing we would not be in our room much we were trying to find the best bang for our buck and we found it.We booked with Amex and got upgraded plus lunch and breakfast. They upgraded us to a high corner suite that was fantastic...spacious and 5 stars all the way!The Tower section has its own private check in and concierge service so you never have to deal with crowds...very nice touch.The hotel was spotless and had all the amenities one would care for. The hotel actually smelled like a clean casino...fresh C02 in the hallways.We ate our lunch downstairs and although they say it is free it is 75.00 credit which only paid for half the bill which ended up being 140.00...we ate a very simple lunch (so note that the free lunch or dinner will cost you). The food and service was great how ever. Turn down service was superb.Bed was outstanding. Robes and towels were 5 star.Bellman and door service was so so ...not the best...did not open the door for you as you came in or out with luggage...barely a hello..not 5 star quality.The gym was nice and had a great view.Skip the spa...one of the worst I have ever been to. Rooms are dirty and they are in the locker room. Shower was clogged and dirty. Therapist was clueless on the treatment and they gave the wrong time on treatment. For the money they are charging they should have stellar service and treatments...absolutely horrible!! I actually questioned whether the therapist had any training at all! Go to Oasis Day Spa on 33rd &amp; Park for quality treatments and great prices.Room service was good. Right on time and decent food.Over all we loved this hotel. You can't beat the location and the price was fantastic for the rooms. We will return. Thank you Trip Advisers for yet another accurate rating.	
Apr 29 2009 	ABSOLUTE QUALITY	This was my first trip to NYC and had half an idea of what to expect but as you drive over the bridge into Manhattan you jaw drops the skyline is truly amazing! On arrival the doorman were very efficient as were the reception staff at check in. We had a suite on the 47th floor over looking St Patrick's the views were fabulous, the suite was clean and tidy and was well maintained throughout our stay, room service were very obliging and allowed us to order food that was not on room service menu(lobster at 11.00pm not bad!)the stay overall was excellent and all staff were kind, courteous and very helpful i would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling on business or pleasure well done to all of the staff	
Apr 27 2009 	Awesome stay!	It was my first trip to NYC so I wanted to stay somewhere nice. Imagine when I opened the door to my room on the top floor to find I was in a corner room with a view of Radio City Music Hall and the Cathedral. Two luxurious bathrooms and big screen televisions throughout. I would have thought this a good value in Las Vegas, but for New York it was a tremendous value. The restaurant downstairs (Gilt) is fabulous. The location across from Rockefeller Center was excellent. My only complaint was with the surly doorman, who flat out refused a $3 tip to hail me a cab when I told him (truthfully) it was all I had. He said he'd wait until I could hit find my girlfriend (who had more cash) and I ended up giving him $5. Ridiculous for a minute of work. I also didn't like that I had to pay $5 each for printouts at the business center. Come on. However, the hotel was wonderful and I will definitely go back.	
Apr 24 2009 	Incredible 25th Anniversary at the Palace	Just an amazing, amazing property, especially considering just how large this hotel is. Like many others posting here, my wife and I searched far and wide to come up with a dead on “perfect” hotel for our 25th anniversary (we’re still smarting a bit from a disastrous 10th anniversary at a now defunct B &amp; B in Orange, Virginia). We even investigated more “storied” NY and expensive hotels, but finally chose the Palace. And we’re glad we did. The New York Palace more than lived up to its already elite Trip Advisor reputation.Initially I was little unsure. The doorman, Louis, was wonderful and all that you hoped for – warm, funny, all the while welcoming you to his hotel. But at check-in itself, the desk person seemed a little too deferential. Completely professional, yet somewhat distant. Then our bellman was the same way. Just fine, but Louis had set a standard neither person matched. Waiting for the elevator just off the bustling lobby I was starting to feel that maybe it was obvious we weren’t the highest rollers in the place, and that our special weekend would be “lost” in such a massive hotel. Plus we were staying on an Executive floor, but nobody had made any mention or explanation of how the Executive Lounge worked. After settling in the room for a few minutes – the room was a stunning Executive Corner Suite overlooking St. Patrick’s Cathedral - we warily made our way to the lounge for some coffee (it was 3 pm, between food service there).At the point we entered the lounge the fog of doubt lifted. Gavin the lounge manager found our names on his list, gave us a warm welcome, apologized for the mix up, and explained how the lounge worked. And he went on to apologize two more time before we finished our coffee and decadent hotel-baked cookies (all the while overlooking St. Patrick’s from 39 floors up).Recharged, we went out to check the neighborhood – and what a neighborhood it is with Fifth Avenue just a block to the west. After returning to the hotel, we had no sooner put our coats down when there was a knock on the door. Being delivered were five chocolate covered strawberries (see photo), a large complimentary bottle of Fiji water (a $14 value in the mini bar), and a thoughtful note from the hotel wishing us a happy anniversary. Needless to say, we were in a great frame mind by that point.And it got better. Before heading out to dinner - the recommendation and reservations for Park Avenue Winter were both courtesy of concierge Adhara - we went back to the Executive Lounge for champagne and hors d’oeuvres. As I waited for a new bottle of bubbly to be uncorked, the kindly waitperson/bartender reminded me in mannerism and speech of Carl, the headwaiter of Rick’s Cafe in Casablanca. “Dis cork – eets a rebel,” he said with a smile and laugh.Next we experienced the kind of thing that makes a great hotel great. The restaurant was only about 10 blocks away, but still needed a cab. Unfortunately, they were a little scarce at 6:15 pm on a Friday night, even for a Palace doorman. So as things got tight for our reservation time, Louis saved the day by putting us in one of the hotel’s car for the trip. (The driver told us that what the doorman says goes.) It was an excellent memorable dinner, but when we got back to the hotel our room was in the process of being turned down. So for the third time that day we went up to visit Gavin, finishing off the night with some port and strawberries and cream (small portion – we were stuffed already). After a late night visit to Top of the Rock, we were finally in for the evening.As for some earlier reviews mentioning the expense of in house coffee/tea/water and food, an Executive Level room really seems like the way to go at the hotel. Included with your room is access - with an elevator ride - to tea, coffee, water, soda, beer, and snacks from 7 am to 10 pm, and of course a full breakfast, pretty serious lunch, and evening cocktails and hors d’oeuvres (we definitely witnessed people making dinner out the evening goodies). So for instance, first thing in the morning I got take-out coffee cups from the lounge and brought them back to the room. Then there wasn’t a desperate rush to get to breakfast simply to get some coffee (there is a Starbucks next to the hotel on 51st, and also several coffee shops). Breakfast was impressive and very, very good. Eggs, bacon, sausage, French toast, steel cut oatmeal, cold cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, and an amazing array of fresh baked breads, bagels, and pastries (definitely try the crumb cake!). All awesome – and the coffee was always awesome no matter the time of day.Somehow we misplaced one of our room key cards, and on our way out for the day we stopped at the desk to get a new one - just in case we did leave it on the Rockefeller Center Observation deck. Our same desk person was there from the day before, and without a question he reset the card still in our possession and issued a new one. He did remember us and addressed us by name - once again, in a respectful but quiet manner (that was just his style). Then as my wife and I fiddled with maps, gloves, and scarves in the middle of the lobby, trying to figure out which door to exit to get to a subway station, our desk person came out from behind the counter and asked if there was any other way he could help us with our day. He offered directions to the subway, and to the concierge desk. It was one of those “little” things that means a lot.We had dinner in the hotel at Gilt that evening, and it was a completely other-wordly over-the-top gastronomic experience. We did the five-course chef’s tasting menu with wine courses. It was like theater with food, with my wife and I on center stage. Service and food were incredible. Again, our anniversary was acknowledged with a special dessert. It was the most expensive dinner we’ve ever eaten, but worth it for a 25th. (Very glad we did it, but we can probably wait at least another five years for such an extravagant night out). We didn’t help Gavin close the lounge this evening. Six different wines were enough for one night.Sunday morning consisted of coffee in the room, a run in Central Park, breakfast in the lounge, finding the misplaced room key on the desk, and saying a big thank you to Adhara the concierge. Stephen took care of our bags on the way out, and was warm and professional. The hotel held them for us until late in the afternoon, and by luck, Stephen was there to retrieve them. Again cabs were hard to come by, so a different doorman (on the 51st entrance) ran all the way down to Park Avenue to retrieve a cab for us. Sorry if this went on way long. Just wanted to get in the little things that really make the Palace a world-class hotel. We had great expectation - and they were exceeded. Thank you Louis, Bitang, Gavin, Adhara, and Stephen. You guys and the Palace turned our anniversary into a marvelous dream. We will always remember number twenty-five - and I think we’ve finally put crappy number ten behind us! (Oh, yes, beds super comfy, and the room was spotless!)	
Apr 23 2009	Great hotel with excellent service	This is a great hotel. It is in a fantastic location in midtown without being right in the middle of the chaos that is Broadway and the surrounding streets. Concierge is excellent. Everyone on the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. This is a luxury hotel, but the staff is not pretentious. The hotel is a comfortable stay and a lovely place to call home while in NYC.	
Apr 23 2009 	Beautiful loved it	In NYC for my fiance's 30th birthday and booked this hotel as a treat. On the pricey side, but worth it. Service was fab, rooms spacious with the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The receptionist upgraded us to a room with a view of St. Patrick's Cathedral as it was my partner's birthday and sent us up a birthday cake. The conceirge was very helpful. Beds were turned down every night, with chocolates on the pillow, lovely Molton Brown products in the bathroom. In walking distance of the main sites and across the road from Saks. Glad we picked this hotel and would definately stay again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fantastic!	We stayed at the NY Palace Hotel in March 2009, and will definitely stay there again in the future! The rooms were amazingly clean, spacious and the view we had of St. Pat's Cathedral (looking DOWN on all the spires, what a great vantage point!) was amazing. We could also see Rockefeller Center from our Corner King room. The beds were super plush, and my only complaint (if you could even call it that) was that upon return at midnight to our room, when they did the turndown service (with delicious CHOCOLATES!) they removed all the pillows but two, and I like to sleep with two pillows myself. I could have just called down to have one brought up but was too tired. No biggie, but, I would have liked a spare one left in a closet or something. The bathrooms are beautiful, marble, with great bath products. The fridge was loaded with all sorts of goodies, anything you might want or need. The hotel staff were the best I've ever encountered in NYC. They were taping the movie Salt, with Angelina Jolie, on the street behind our hotel, when we arrived, which made entry into the hotel side street w/ our car difficult since it was cordoned off, but one call to the hotel and they had staff out there moving pylons to let us in, and were so good about getting us settled into our room. Henry was especially helpful answering any questions we had and giving us some tips for a place to grab lunch. Also, the location of the hotel was great. I felt very safe.	
Apr 17 2009 	Fav Hotel in Manhattan	We stayed at the NY Palace for 4 nights 24-28 March while we were in the City getting married. This was my 5th visit to NYC but first at the Palace &amp; I would now be reluctant to stay anywhere else. Its true that you get what you pay for &amp; this hotel is just class. It has the most beautiful lobby &amp; courtyard &amp; staff &amp; service is excellent. The rooms are spacious by NY standards &amp; kept immaculate. We had a wonderful view across to St Patricks Cathedral. We visited the Gilt Bar in the hotel which is lovely. The Location is great close to TOTR &amp; a short walk from 5th Avenue shops, Central Park &amp; Times Square. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone &amp; look forward to visiting again in the future.	
Apr 17 2009 	Superb location!	Fantastic views and superbly located in manhattan. Saks is almost across the road and the shops on park, 5th and madison are within walking distance ... ideally located for the avid shopper! Fantastic concierge services and very helpful staff. Insist on a room with a view (ok...its going to be pretty much a view of tall buildings but then in manhattan, a good skyline view is quite appreciable).Rooms are well appointed and very comfortable. Bath accessories are good. Convenient town-car limo service available to JFK, La Guardia or Newark Airports (about USD 85).	
Apr 16 2009 	Best NY Hotel Experience By Far	This is the first time I actually LOVED my hotel in NY! The location right off 5th Avenue and walking distance to Central Park could not be beat. The rooms are large (by NY standards) clean and elegant, the lobby was gorgeous with beautiful chandeliers and the views of St. Patrick's cathedral from our full length windows int he room were breathtaking in the winter snow. The customer service of the hotel was also great. It's just as pretty as on Gossip Girl!	
Apr 16 2009 	Wondeful service!	After flying back from Europe, we stayed at this hotel. We were beyond tired. Front desk was very nice, the bellman was a doll. The room was so comfy- the bed was sink right into and location couldnt of been anymore perfect! I would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2009 	THe Best Hotel Ever!!!	This Is by far the best hotel i have ever stayed in, the rooms are large spacious and if your lucky to get one on a high floor you will either get a fantastic view of St Patricks Cathedral or the east river. The Staff are the friendliest i have ever experienced in a hotel, and the concierge get you the best show tickets available. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone and everyone if you are looking for a fantastic hotel in a fabulous location with superb staff.I would go back in a minute!Thanks to all the staff at the New York Palace	
Apr 3 2009 	Very Comfortable and good value	I went to New York with my teenage daughter to meet with friends, shop and a few cultural visits. The Palace is centrally located and we could walk to most places. Staff very friendly and attentive and nothing too much trouble. We had a room on 32nd floor with two double beds. The room was spacious and bathroom comfortable. We originally booked direct but found a much better rate through Hotels.com and so cancelled the first booking. With our booking came Executive Lounge access which provided complementary breakfast, lunch, hors d'oeuvres, deserts, wine, coffee, cookies - well pretty much everything throughout the day together with internet access. This was a huge bonus as it pretty much amounted to full board at a very good rate. I would definitely recommend this hotel but make sure you get Executive Lounge access especially if you are traveling with youngsters who don't want to spend too much time in restaurants.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Getaway!	My wife and I searched and searched for days on which hotel to stay in during our honeymoon in NYC. After days of reading reviews, and deciding to spend the extra money to be happy we chose the Palace. From the minute we stepped out of the cab, to the minute we checked out, it was simply amazing! George, the doorman, was as friendly as could be. Henry the Bellhop was great to us. We are a young couple, but were treated like royalty. Before seeing Wicked on Saturday night, we ate at Istana in the Lobby of the Palace. Georgio, the manager, came to our table and introduced himself, and asked what brought us to Istana that night. We said its our honeymoon and we are staying in the hotel as well. He promptly brought over Champagne on the house and had the piano player play a song for us. After our meal, he surprised us with a small 7 layer cake that had Congratulations written on it. We were blown away. To be treated so nice nad have the whole staff congratulate us made it that much more special. Thank You Georgio, you made us feel like a King and Queen! turn down service was for lack of better words so cool. They laid out your robes on the bed, turn on classical music, put the remote and channel guide next to the bed and lay out your slippers too. I asked for a view of St. Patricks and was so granted. The Consiere (spelled wrong I know!) made a great choice for us for a sushi dinner. They even made reservations for us. After hours of walking around the city seeing the sights, to go back to a bed like the ones they have was like heaven! It was like a large cloud! huge goose down pillows, great soft sheets and great comforter. On the morning we had to checkout, =(, my wife went across to Starbucks for a coffee for us and with her hands full, the doorman spun the revolving door for her so she could get through. Simple things, make all the difference. This is a great place to stay. I hope to someday go back, everyone so nice and profesional. Thanks Palace you made our honeymoon all that much better!!!	
Apr 2 2009 	great hotel	Tripadvisor is right. Thisis a great hotel. I paid $210 x 3 nights, at hotels.com, linked through kayak.com, for a weekend. I expected the lowest grade room. I don't know what I got, but it was great. King sized bed, not-so-great view, which is meaningless to me, and the usual 5* amenities and service. The staff is obvioulsy very well trained, as both the doorman and bellhop gave us an orientation. large room, especially for NY.	
Apr 2 2009 	Loved this Hotel!	I used Trip advisor for my research for our 1 night stay in NYC. The Palace Hotel was just great. Nice location- not in too busy of a location, close proximity to shopping and sites. The hotel was immaculate, rooms large and staff super nice and helpful. In a heart beat I would stay here again. We were originally booked at the Ritz because we never stayed on the Central Park side but after visiting it and staying at the Palace, I am glad we made the choice.	
Apr 1 2009 	Happy New Year 2009	Being a New York Native and probably moving from the area for the last time in my life, I wanted my New Orleans wife to celebrate New Years Times Square style. Well the NYPD ruined that with extra tight security and limited room in Times Square so we celebrated the ball drop in Central Park with the fireworks. It was very cold that night, very cold -4 or something so we stayed outside 45 minutes only. Back to the hotel it was wonderful, elegent great service, excellent rooms, food, lobby, doorman. One time coming back the doorman said , &quot;Welcome back home&quot; I like that! The little extras make the money worth it. the view from my room was of St. Patricks catheral, I cried as I opened the drapes. The location of 50th and Madison is great and central to everything, Saks, Rockefeller center,shopping, Times Square everything. The hotel had a very Europen flair as did most of the other guests, I felt as I was in Europe without taking a flight. Stay there if you can, its worth the money. Stay on the club floor as the breakfast is free and very nice.	
Apr 1 2009 	i love this hotel!	i just spent a week in new york with family at the palace hotel, and it was amazing! the location is absolutely perfect- walk to times square or central park. the hotel itself is very nice. our room was actually upgraded when we got there to the 37th floor, so you can imagine the beautiful city view that provided. the staff was always very helpful; we asked the concierge how to get around/where's what, and they were always happy to point us in the right direction. the bar/restaurant downstairs, gilt, has some amazing desserts and a really comfortable atmosphere. of course, my favorite part is probably the way the maid set out our slippers on little white rugs at the side of the bed for turn down :) all in all, great place to stay!	
Mar 22 2009 	A beautiful Mom 	March 4 - 1444 yo well travelled mom and 16 yo daughter, looking to see as much as possible and visit a few colleges.We reserved via a third party online service and got a variable rate from 210 to 250, total taxes/service included came out to 2085.00. What we got was two double beds in a room on the 31st floor. Nothing extra. The veiw included was to the north, 51st street I believe. This is an excellant choice for location, the subway at rockerfeller is just past St. Patricks (about 5 minute walk) and the Grand Central is an easy stroll south. We walked to Central Park, a bit distant but doable, and to Time Square frequently during the stay. In the mornings we were across the block from a star bucks and/or bakery. The concierge was very good, no problems with asking for a double room and no hidden charges.I had expected a small room, but it was roomy, large sink/vanity, tub and toilet. The dresser was large enough to accomodate both our wardrobe and the two large suitcases we brought were stashed out of the way without any problem.Except for the first night, we never ran into the maid who had our rooms clean each afternoon and again turned down when we returned from a show. The bellmen were the most friendly I have encountered in this city. The main entrance is beautiful and a very nice place to meet friends. We did not dine at the hotel but would love to do so in the future. Internet service was great, the maid remembered my preferences for type of chocolate and ice everyday. I would definitly return to this hotel.Cons: The price of room service/snacks is rather ridiculous compared to the room fee but going out was very easy.	
Mar 18 2009 	Fantastic stay!! Loved the hotel	We spent 3 nights at the hotel. Our stay was flawless. The room was big and had an amazing view of the St. Patrick Cathedral. The service was perfect and the staff was eager to help at all times. Would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 18 2009 	Love the Hotel / Don't Love the Room Games	Bear with me - complaints are usually long winded and this is long... :)I've stayed at the New York Palace on two occasions. Both times have been arranged by American Express who ensured the type of room and location in the reservation and offered certain amenities including breakfast and a lunch for two. My first stay with my sister was in April 2008. We requested a double bed in the Tower which was confirmed with a phone call the morning we were to arrive. Check in was no issue and an absolutely wonderful bellman accompanied us to our room to get us settled. That's where the problems started. Incredible room - beautiful room with a single large, king sized bed. I've spent enough days of my youth stuck in the same bed with a sister who kicks that I wasn't about to spend three nights in the same bed with her as an adult (who I'm sure still kicks). When I told the bellmen that we had confirmed double beds, he immediately called down to the desk and started working to get us in another room. From the one sided conversation, I could tell that he had to explain three times that we weren't a couple when asked why the single bed was an issue. After he got that point across, the desk clerk had him ask us if a roll-away bed would be ok. A roll-away bed is cool at the Motel 6, but the Motel 6 doesn't cost over $600 a night. I could tell by his &quot;you've got to be kidding me&quot; comment to the clerk that he didn't think it was a grand idea, either.Finally, after about 20 minutes of the clerk telling him there were no other rooms available, I made the comment that we'd just check out and find some place else to stay. When the clerk heard that, miraculously, a glorious room with double beds, on the next floor, became available. The rest of the stay was fantastic. Had the most incredible hamburger ever, nothing but rave reviews about the lounge GILT and just had an all around great time.I figured that this first time was a fluke, so I decided to try it again in October with my son.Went through American Express and reconfirmed the room (double, in the tower), the day before we arrived. This time check in wasn't as nice as the first. The clerk seemed pre-occupied - rushed and unfriendly, and the hotel was extremely crowded. I noticed that she didn't go over the amenities for the room and while I was tempted to ask her, I figured I'd come back down later when I could speak with someone else who was a bit more agreeable.So we get to the room and yep, we got a double which was great, but it was a tiny double with a small window, a view of nothing on what the bellman called &quot;the Executive Floor&quot;. This definitely wasn't a Tower room. Compared to the previous room in April, it was about $100 more and about 1/2 the size. I figured the price increase was the time of year but then it donned on me that the room must have been booked wrong. I called the front desk and was put on line with the assistant manager who I later found out was the clerk that checked us in. As part of our original reservation, we were supposed to have a continental breakfast in the morning and lunch at the restaurant covered in the room charge. When I asked her about these, I was told we could have breakfast at the &quot;executive lounge&quot; and there was no lunch credit. When I asked about the room in the Tower I had confirmed, I was told that room was not available and if it was, it would have been far more expensive. When I let her know that I had guaranteed, documented reservations confirmed by American Express and that there were amenities attached at a set price, she said I was wrong and we had reservations for exactly the room and package we were in regardless of what I said. When I asked to speak with the manager, she told me she was the acting manager and hung up the phone.Since I couldn't get anywhere with her, I called American Express and let them deal with it. This time it turned into a 30 minute phone call involving her boss, the sales staff, and two American Express representatives to finally get us in to a glorious double bed room in the Tower as originally booked. The funny thing? The room ended up to be cheaper even though it was larger and much nicer and once again, though being told this mythical Tower room wasn't available, enough complaining made it appear out of thin air. I guess it was that &quot;executive lounge&quot; privilege that I didn't want, that raised the rate of the smaller, dingier room.The rest of the stay? Perfect.When I returned home, I wrote a letter to the manager letting him know about the problems on both stays. I received a prompt reply which offered a short apology for the issues with check in (&quot;we're very sorry&quot;), no additional explanation for my troubles, an admonishment for not going to the Tower check-in area (um, ok, I'll concede that I didn't know that but then no one told me) and said &quot;please ask to speak with me next time you have issues with the check in process&quot;. I guess I expected more.Would I stay there again? No and that's upsetting because aside from the awful room games and lack of assistance from the front desk staff, the hotel is delightful. The food is glorious, the wait staff is great and it's just a fantastic location. But both times I felt like the front desk staff went out of their way to cast me as the culprit over resolving problems they caused. Did I ever get angry, rude or fussy? No and I had someone tell me that had I been, it most likely would have been resolved quicker. What a shame. It is truly a gem in the city but I've had better check in experiences at motels that are a fraction of the cost.My only advice is to guarantee everything, in writing, before you arrive and if it's not up to your standards, fight like the dickens to make it right.	
Mar 17 2009 	Swanky	We stayed at the Palace the wekend of the 7th of March. What a spectacular hotel. They were so accomodating and even upgraded our room when I mentioned that my daughter opted for a NYC trip with her mom rather than travel with friends on her senior class trip to Orlando. They were so gracious and extremely helpful. The concierge went out of their way to provide dining suggestions, address information and things to do!! We will definitely be back ~ it is well worth the $$$.	
Mar 17 2009 	Would not stay anywhere else	I have never written a hotel review before, but after our second visit to The New York Palace I could not resist. Normally people only write to complain about an experience but there is nothing to complain about here. They have the best/happiest staff. It must be a great place to work and it shows from the bellman to the front desk to the cleaning staff, everyone is always smiling. No rude New York attitude here, real smiles and delightful chit chat in the elevator/halls.. A big group was checking in right before us and we had to wait. The front desk apologized repeatedly for making us wait. .The entire place is very elegant, and not the fake flashy type as in Vegas. Just take a look at the ceilings, especially the one in the Gilt bar. The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed, you don't want to get out of it. Even the standard rooms are quite large for a NYC hotel. The location is very convenient and we could walk almost anywhere. We did not eat in the hotel this time but we did have drinks in their bar. Our first visit we had breakfast and found the food and service was very good. We spend several weekends in the city during the year and have stayed at many other hotels but unless they are completely booked , I would not stay anywhere else.	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect location and a perfect stay in the Big Apple	We stayed in the Palace for three nights in February, when we took my sister and her husband to New York to celebrate her birthday. It was our 5th stay in New York and in the past have always stayed in the Peninsula so it was our first time at the Palace. I had lots of contact with the Concierge prior to our arrival to book, guides, restaurants and transfers, he was really efficient and emailed me back promptly. I even had the reservations lady check the types of hairdryers in the rooms the day before we left the UK!Our rooms which had very comfy beds! were on the 23rd and 26th floors overlooking the cathederal, I would recommend you pay for a room as high as you can afford, as the view is sensational. The hotel is so central, 5th Ave a few blocks away, Central Park less than five minutes. We booked a guide to give us a four hour walking tour (it was my sister's first time so we wanted to give them as much as an overview as we could in a short time), our guide Harry was fantastic he knew so many little things about the city which we would never have found out from a guide book. We usually manage to get a lunch in at the Oyster Bar Restaurant in Grand Central Station which I can highly recommend (it's not just oysters....). Dinners were in the Red Eye Grill, (service wasn't great there this time), Balthazar (because it's noisy, lively and fun!) and a restaurant the concierge suggested called Il Gattopardo, which was probably the best Italian meal we have ever had in New York. A small, but very smart, family run restaurant. You would definitely need to book in advance. Absolutely superb. All the staff at the hotel were helpful and friendly, the receptionist who checked us in even wished my sister a happy birthday! So for us it's bye bye to the Peninsula, we will definitely stay at the Palace in the future.	
Mar 14 2009 	Do Not Stay Anywhere Else	This trip was a birthday pressie, so trust me I searched nearly every hotel in New York, and chose this one, and believe me I could not have done any better. The hotel itself is lovely, 5* but without being too posh !! The staff were all amazing and made you feel at home. We were upgraded to a room on the 36th floor with fantastic views. We were made to feel like royalty by the staff. The location was the best we could have chosen. We were about a 6 minute walk to Central Park, about 6 minutes from Times Square and about 4 minutes from Grand Central Station. What I loved about the hotel is, that after a really busy day walking around New York you went into the hotel and all the noise was left behind. I would have no problems in recommending this hotel to anyone. The rooms were very big and comfy. The only thing I would say is, if you like to wake up with a cup of tea or coffee then take a travel kettle as room service is very expensive. Also check out the 8th floor to freshen up, it is worth it. Next time we go to New York I would not bother looking anywhere else. If you like your comfort and want to be in a great location, then go here.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Hotel!!	We stayed here for the first time, but we we''ll come back the next time we are going to NY, what a nice room, beds, and what a nice view!!!! Everything is nearby.	
Mar 10 2009 	Exceeded high expectations	On our second trip to NYC we thought we'd try a different hotel for our 4 day break and after much research and review reading we chose the New York Palace. We got a great deal through expedia. After being picked up by Madisson Avenue Limo service , arrival and check in were flawless with staff every where to help yuou. The room had a stunnig view of the back of St Patricks cathedral and down 50th Street -we could clearly see Saks and Rockerfella centre.The room was big by NYC standards even though it was only their standard room - we were thrilled.We ate at Gilt one night - we thought we'd try a 2* Michelin guide restaurant. The service and staff were exceptional and some of the dishes were fantastic. Prices reflect the fact it is a 5* hotel - especially on room service. We didn't order anything due to the prices and would recommend that you bring a travel kettle if you don't want to pay $25 + every time you want a pot of tea. Alternatively there is a starbucks on the next corner which is cheap and easy.There are lots of deli's and diners if you don't fancy eating in - we went back to an old favourite - the Red Flame which is on 44th st (next to the sofitel) between 5th &amp; 6th avenue. Great choice, huge portions and very reasonable. There's also quite a few near by. We went to see Blithe Spriit while we were in the city it's just off braodway and had Angela Lansbury and Ruppert Everett in - a great noel coward play and well worth going to see. I'd also recommend the Woodbury Common outlets - you can take a bus (grayline) from the main bus depot to the outlets about 1 hr out of manhatten. Big names and some great bargains.We will be recommending the New York Palace and will look forward to staying there again if we return to New York.	
Mar 10 2009 	Loved it!	What a beautiful hotel in a great location. Rooms are a good size, we were lucky enough to get a view of St Patrick Catherdal and it was amazing. The staff are top class..the only little thing I would have liked was a kettle in the room. After a day of sight seeing when we got back to the room I would have loved to have a cuppa &amp; relax before we went out at night &amp; I was surprised they didn't have one being a 5 star hotel. in saying that I think they probably think you can afford room service if you stay here. ( Bottled Water 11Dollars...) Over all I would definitely recommend hotel. just beautiful!	
Mar 8 2009 	Our hotel of choice in NYC again and again and again...	We've been returning to the NY Palace over the last 10 years, we were never disapointed and always thrilled to be right in middle of things... you can't beat the view of St Patrick's cathedral, the 1-block distance to Saks Fifth Avenue (hey, even when we don't buy anything, just to walk through the cosmetics and fragrances department makes me happy!), or overall feel that you are in one of the best hotels of one of finest cities in the World. Service is impeccable, and prices nowadays (weekend in special) are very reasonable! Can't recommend it enough! My kids (age 7, 6 and 5) love it, and always have a courteous, special treatment, very family friendly (not in a cheesy way, as in Disney, but in a refined &quot;young Master&quot; attitude).If possible, do upgrade to a club level. The food offerings are incredible and you can spedn much more just trying to eat in delis.	
Mar 7 2009 	Flawless weekend	We recently spent a long weekend in NYC and were fortunate to have stayed here for the first time. We were lucky to have found a super promotion in which the third night was free. Everything about The Palace is superlative, and I truly recommend it for a unique experience.	
Mar 6 2009 	Luxurious and stylish excellent location	I stayed here for a week while on business. I have nothing to say about really, which means the hotel must have been really good because there was nothing that annoyed me (I am pretty easily annoyed). Staff was friendly, bed was super-comfy, internet worked a charm and the water pressure was good. Lobby and courtyard are quite beautiful. Location is terrific. Value for money is quite good IF you can wrangle a discount or corporate rate. Overall no reason not to stay here when in NYC unless you just want to spend less.	
Mar 1 2009 	Cant wait to go back!	This was truly worth every penny we paid. we found out about this hotel having read reviews on this website . We were not disapointed - very friendly staff - very clean and wonerful views. When we arrived i did what another traveller advised adn requested a room on the higher floors - this was abslutely no problem and oh god our view was amazing. Over lookking St Patrick cathedral, rockfeller centre and radio city. I highly recommend this hotel and cant wait to go back to NYC. Not too expensive and great deals can be found online	
Feb 28 2009 	Birthday treat	Just back f rom 4 nights at the New York Palace and I would certainly highly recommend it. My husband let them know that it was my birthday and when we arrived there was a bottle of champagne waiting! This was a lovely start to our holiday. I can also say that the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The hotel is expensive but watch out for special offers.	
Feb 28 2009	A wonderful hotel in Manhattan!	I stayed at the New York Palace with my daughter for 4 nights in February 2009. The hotel is in a great location close to all the shops, Central Park etc. I chose the hotel because of its special atmosphere and I wasn't disappointed! Everything was just perfect. Our room on 37th floor was clean and the bed very comfortable. The service was immaculate! The only disappointment was the lack of a coffee maker in the room - something I took for granted from previous trips to the USA. Complimentary coffee was available in the lobby for the early risers until 6.30 a.m., after that it got removed again! Bearing in mind that this is really one of the best hotels in NYC, the prices were also quite high: continental breakfast in the room $ 33,-- + service fee of $ 7,-- + 15 % tax, a small pot of coffee $ 10,-- + service fee of $ 7,-- + tax etc., etc. Fortunately there are plenty of small places in the neighborhood where one can have breakfast for a fraction of the price.Internet connection in the room would have cost $ 17,--, but we could use the free WiFi in the lobby with our laptop.We enjoyed our stay very much and can't wait to return!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Christmas Holiday	I could not have asked for a better Christmas than being in New York at the New York Plaza Hotel. We had an Executive King Room which gave us entry into the Executive Lounge, we seem to make good use of it for breakfast, pre dinner drinks and nightcaps. The rooms were quite large with a huge bed that you could get lost in. It is central to the Empire State Building, Central Park and the fantastic shops of 5th and Madison Ave. The view from our room looked straight over the Cathederal and we could see the Christmas tree at the Rockerfella Centre. The staff were always on hand it anything extra was required, check in and out was an absolute breeze and very friendly. My only negative for the whole stay would have been dinner in the Gilt Restaurant on Christmas Eve, I just found the staff very snooty and if you were not somebody of importance they really did not want to know you, but the food was great. All in all a fantastic hotel and I will def return on my next trip to New York.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Location but Average 5 star	Stayed at the New York Palace in mid Feb. The lady who checked us in was not very friendly and not the welcome I expected from a high end hotel! However this was the only bad experiece we had with the hotels staff. As many other reviewers have said you can not fault this hotel for its location. It is very close to several subway stations, 5th Ave and Central Park. The rooms are well decorated but lack tea/coffee making facilities (There are several coffee shops near by). The gym is well equiped (it can get busy in the early morning). The NY Palace is a nice hotel but it delivers nothing special to make it stand out from other 5 star venues. However I would stay here again based on its location.	
Feb 24 2009 	Always attention to detail wonderful stay.	New York is always hard for me to visit on business, but staying here makes it much easier. They really pay attention to the details from checkin to housekeeping touches. The location is excellent for me as near to my appointments and great atmosphere, especially at Christmas. A little expensive but I found their prices online change with some good offers if I watch for them.	
Feb 22 2009	A Six Star Hotel	In one word - FABULOUS. From the moment you pull up to the front entrance of the Palace to the moment that you leave this Hotel and its staff deliver uncomprimising service. The rooms are spectacular. We had a room on the Executive Club Level with the most amazing views of St. Patrick's Cathedral. The room itself is very well appointed, spacious and has the most comfortable beds and high quality linen. With a panel right next to your bed you are able to control the temperature of your room, turn all the lights in the room off/on and also light up the do not disturb sign to your room. The flat panel TV's are clear and they have about 50 channels. With the Executive Lounge rooms you have access to a most beautifil lounge on the 39th floor with spectacular views of the city. They provide complimentary full breakfast each morning, light lunch and light dinner in the evening as well as drinks all day long until 10pm. Desserts from 8 p.m. til closing with coffee etc. The Hotel is spotlessly clean with great service from all staff. Evening turndown service. The finest amentities, soaps, shampoos etc. as well. A remarkable hotel with staff and service to match. Speedy elevators - less that a one minute wait. This hotel is FAULTLESS AND FLAWLESS. The best stay ever. On par with any top hotel worldwide. The lobby is magnificent. Just a grand hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Value but not a 5 star hotel	This was a very nice hotel -- the lobby is pretty and the room was nice. We were upgraded to a room with a view of St. Patricks Cathedral. The service was somewhat lackluster however. We were supposed to have had fresh flowers (we stayed the weekend of Feb. 14th -- VDay) and champagne in our room upon arrival but they were not there. Since we were upgraded this was probably not the the hotel's fault but when we requested that the flowers and champagne be brought to our new room it simply took forever! We had to make 5 phone calls for this to occur!! That is just not acceptable and we were very understanding about the whole thing! Most of the time, my husband and I stay at 5 star hotels like The Four Seasons or The lanesborough in London or The Mansion in Dallas, so we know what good service really is...and this hotel just did not measure up. We tryed to save a little bit of money b/c NYC is so expensive, but I'm afraid next time we would not stay here. We'd plan ahead and pay more for a nicer (prettier) room and better service. Ambience really adds something special to a vacation and The New York Palace just doesn't have that! Sorry!	
Feb 18 2009 	Best hotel we have stayed in in NY in 10 years	Wonderful stay this Valentine's weekend at the New York Palace. We visit Manhattan usually twice each year and this hotel is the best we have stayed in in a decade.From the reception staff to the doormen, the professsionalism and warmth shines through. We were given a large room on the 35th floor with fantastic views. Very quiet and relaxing.Its location means it is central to everywhere you want to go in Manhattan - around the corner from Saks on 5th AVenue and beside St Patrick's Cathedral.Gorgeous bar - the Gilt - well worth a visit.	
Feb 17 2009 	Stayed one night wish it was more....	Had a great time in the Palace. Only stayed for one night, but will definately return again. We stayed in a Towers room, which was much bigger than we expected and extremely clean and well maintained. The staff in the hotel were excellent. Extremely friendly and polite and especially the concierge desk, who did more than most, to answer any of our questions. Only complaint is that their is no swimming pool and the sauna could do with a renovate, but besides from that, possibly the best hotel we will ever stayed in	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent hotel - we would definitely stay again	We stayed for 3 nights on business and had chosen the hotel having read the reviews on Tripadvisor - and it proved a great choice. We would definitely recommend going for the Executive option as it includes entry to the fabulous executive lounge with great breakfast and snacks and drinks all day should you need them. The staff were fab, very friendly and having stayed previously at the Four Seasons and the Gansevoort would choose here next time. Location is perfect Midtown and views spectacular. Beds super comfy and linens excellent. Only the bathrooms are a little disappointing size wise but that wouldn't stop us staying again. We were upgraded on arrival to a Tower room which has its own reception/concierge and the rooms are higher but did check out the exec rooms and they were also lovely. The hotel is a great location for shopping, museums, park etc - and great value - look for the best deal.	
Feb 14 2009	Excellent Stay!	We stayed here for three nights with the&quot; stay two nights get third night free&quot; promotion that NYCCO is running, what a steal! A beautiful hotel, nice big room, great bathroom and comfortable bed. The entire staff was very helpful and pleasent.The location is great , directly behind St. Patrick's . We walked every where from there. We did not eat any meals at the hotel, many coffee shops nearby for Breakfast. I can not wait to return for another weekend.	
Feb 10 2009 	A Magical New Years Eve	My family and I stayed at the New York Palace over New Years Eve for five nights. Initially, we stayed at another hotel on Seventh Avenue for two disappointing nights before we walked out. The location of the Palace is phenomenal. Personally, I disliked the busy and seedy location of the previous hotel and preferred the location of the Palace which is conveniently located on Madison Avenue, a block away from Saks on Fifth Avenue. The Palace overlooks St Patricks Cathedral which is truly breathtaking. A factor that influenced my stay at the Palace was seeing its stunning courtyard on Gossip Girl. During the holiday season, the court yard and the lobby are decorated in the most amazing lights and Christmas trees- apparently one of the best in New York! The Lobby is to die for- it’s decorated in gold and marble, with a stunning 3 way stairs case that unfolds before the spinning entrance doors. The Palace offers two restaurants: Gilt which is a two star Michelin list fine dining restaurant and another one downstairs which offers brunch and breakfast. Because I didn’t buy a breakfast room package, I didn’t eat there as the breakfast was about $150 for two. The lobby and upstairs landing offers free wireless internet. At night I would sit by the large pink marble fire place upstairs and use my laptop.The rooms are incredibly spacious. There were large, high plush beds with firm crisp white sheets. Piano black plasma TVs, plenty of room for clothes, marble bathrooms offering Molten Brown Shampoos and Soaps [expensive designer toiletries sold a Harrods]. Not once did I feel New York’s -5 degree temperature whilst inside the hotel. The concierge in the hotel is one in a million. My family used Diego, an affable man who truly is a concierge of the world. Diego, from the top of his head will tell you any restaurant, club or sight to go and see. Diego was able to book my family in at an exclusive restaurant that doesn’t normally take reservations. When we went to the restaurant the queues were massive, with many people trying to get in. A lady welcomed us and told us they’ll do anything for guests of the New York Palace. It’s amazing what connections the hotel has! The hotel also offers a driving service, owning its own Maybach and fleet of BMWs, Mercedes and Lincolns. The hotel staff who hail the cabs know all the cab drivers in the city and know which cabs not to trust. The hotel gym is massive; unfortunately there was no pool and spa- even though the gym is called a spa. There was a steam room in each ladies and mens bathroom. In the bathrooms, complementary shavers and combs are present for guests. When going to the gym, bottled water is provided. Furthermore, the treadmills overlook the cathedral, perhaps the best view I have ever seen inside a gym! Would I go back to the New York Palace?? Most definitely. I cannot wait to return!	
Feb 9 2009 	Spacious New York Hotel	We stayed in the New York Palace for 3 nights in January.For a New York hotel the room was incredibly spacious. Quite traditional decor - but immaculate with large TV. Robes/slippers were provided and chocolates were placed on the pillow every evening.Excellent staff throughout the hotel - and great room service (despite the high price!).Lots of places nearby to get breakfast if you don't want to break the bank.	
Feb 8 2009 	Five Star Stay	My wife, two-year-old son and I stayed for four nights at the New York Palace in January 2008.The Good: Prime location. Well-furnished room with a beautiful view of St. Patrick's Cathedral. Excellent, friendly service; many staff members went above and beyond the call of duty, including one who welcomed our son with a teddy bear.The Bad: Isolated incidents where the staff was inattentive or unfriendly.The Unexpected: We paid less than $250 per night (excluding taxes). It is hard to think of a better bargain.The New York Palace does a great job of making you feel at home. We look forward to staying there again.	
Feb 6 2009 	Simply Beautiful	My husband booked for one night for my birthday. We were able to check-in early, received a room with a view upgrade, not to mention when we got to the room there was a small (delicious!) cake waiting for me as compliments of the hotel! What a nice personal touch! The staff was very nice, the rooms were very nicely decorated, the showers were AMAZING, and the location just can't be beat! Overall, it was a beautiful and memorable stay and I would love to return one day.	
Feb 6 2009 	Unbelievable	Possible the best hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment we checked it was amazing. The location is perfect, hotel is amazing, rooms are extremely big, loved the maid service morning and night and then the choc on the pillow with the orchestra music. The only problem I have is now I compare every hotel to the NY Palace!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Choice!	We chose the NY Palace Hotel since they had a fantasic winter deal of stay 2 nights and get the 3rd night free which made this extremely affordable. We were upgraded to a nicer and larger room with a lovely view of St. Patrick's and loved it!The staff are very professional, particularly the concierges who were very helpful. The location is excellent and just a short walk from both the subway as well as Grand Central.We can't wait to go back!	
Feb 3 2009 	Loved the New York Palace	I can not say enough wonderful things about this hotel. My family has stayed in many luxury hotels/resorts but this one far exceeds any other. Every single member of the New York Palace staff was wonderful to us during our stay and treated my children like royalty. It was wonderful.The rooms were gorgeous, the view fantastic, and the food was fabulous. We are returning for another stay in April.	
Feb 2 2009 	Big rooms nice location	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights during Labor Day Weekend for a family wedding. The hotel is a tad run-down -- probably had seen its better days years earlier. We booked a room in the main (older) part of the hotel (king bed). The nice thing about old hotels in NYC is that the hotel rooms tend to be much larger than those of even more luxurious newer hotels. We were very satisfied with our room -- spacious and clean. We did not have a chance to dine in any of the restaurnts, but we did order room service on our last night (dessert and a cheese plate). The food was good, but our server took a rather long time to lay our table -- we didn't really need all that fanfare. Our view was of a wall of another building -- nothing special. I would certainly recommend this hotel to others -- the rates are reasonable for a 4-star and you are centrally located in Manhattan. Personally, I would like to find a similar hotel in a more charming neighborhood.	
Feb 2 2009 	Fantatstic	Arrived a few days before Christmas. Check in was faultless and we were lucky enough to be upgarded to the Tower Rooms. Room spacious and large for NYC.We've stayed here before and weren't disappointed on our return trip. Service and staff impeccable with nothing too much trouble.The only slightly annoying thing was that to get to the Exec Lounge we had to come comedown in the lift across to another set of lifts and then go back up! A minor hassle which we were happy to endure.The exec lounge was great and was a good resting place to warm up from sub zero NYC.We will be staying at this hotel in the future without any hesitation	
Feb 2 2009 	simply the VERY best	the entire team at the Palace Hotel, New York made our holiday last weekend 'out of this world'.All of the hotel's staff, starting from the professionalism of the receptionists who processed us so swiftly on our arrival when we were jetlagged and exhausted, to the porters who always welcomed us back with a smile and a welcome hand, to the chambermaids who are the happiest and perhaps the most friendly I have ever encountered in any hotel, It's the little things that matter most and the Palace does the little things with a panache and dignity that is often lost in the hustle of today,may I single out the concierges. They were all excellent and because this was our first time in NYC, we really needed and had to rely on them.I want to pay a huge debt of gratitude to one man, the concierge Michael.Michael MADE our trip to America, he is a gem, if ever a man was made for his job it is Michael, he was ultra professional in getting our tickets to Phantom of the Opera and also assisting us with complications with when we lost our credit card, and recovered it.On top of this Michael gave us endless advice and steers, and became our first port of call every morning, Gunter,and Michael and all the front desk staff, Including 'Tom the porter' who outdone himself showing us everything in our room and made us laugh, they are a special team.Also out room 3522 was kept beautiful by the chamber maids.Take a bow Palace HotelRooms overlooking St Patrick's Church are better in our opinion.One tiny issue, is the hotel accountant I imagine has ordered in very thin toilet rolls so you have to double them up, likewise the MiltonBrown shampoos, are not what they used to be and should be changes......But these are tiny issues in a world class hotel for service...Book it.....its also good value compared to others.	
Jan 27 2009 	Another Fabulous Stay at the New York Palace	This was my second stay at the New York Palace and I was not dissapointed. This time, we booked a room in the Towers section of the hotel and it was well worth the extra money. Our room was on the 45th floor and had a view over St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Rockerfeller Center. You could also see the Hudson river in the distance. Our room was very large and was decorated in a sleek Art Deco style. The sheets were very nice and so were the pillows. The room also had a large plasma television, a desk, an armoire and two large armchairs. The bathroom was beautiful, large, and functional. The Aqua di Parma toilettries were a lovely touch.Overall, the room was very spacious and luxurious. The service was also impeccable. It was my son's birthday and the staff certainly acknowleged it. It was over the top. He loved it. They sent him balloons, two cakes, and a plate of chocolate-dipped stawberries.The housekeeping and turn-down service were also amazing. All of the staff members were helpful and courteous. The staff made us feel like royalty.The New York Palace is a phenomenal hotel and I hope to return.	
Jan 25 2009 	Fantastic as usual	We stayed at the Palace December 30th to January 4th. Having stayed at the hotel before, we knew exactly what to expect, and once again we were not dissapointed!! Check in was perfect, and as we had informed the hotel prior to arrival, that we were on our honeymoon, we were kindly upgraded to a huge corner room on the 33rd floor with a views of the cathedral, the christmas tree and the Hudson river!! The Christmas decorations in the hotel itself and the courtyard are amazing and very tastefully done. After freshening up, we had a fairly early reservation at the hotels 2 Michelin star restaurant &quot;Gilt&quot; The food is simply amazing, and well worth the money, especially if you go for the pre-theatre prix fix @ $55. Although we enjoyed a lovely bottle of champagne, you are never made to feel like you must drink alcohol, and several diners just had water. We recieved a complimentary desert on top of our regular deserts, with a personal &quot;congratulations&quot; piped onto the plate.The turn down service is excellent, slippers and robe placed ready for your bedtime, Lindt chocolates on the pillows, and nice classical music playing on the radio. On our second day, after returning from shopping we had a plate of huge chocolate covered and decorated strawberries and complimentary bottle Peligrino water for us to enjoy, a lovely touch.The hotel itself is magnificent, and from what I understand, is having some changes done to certain areas of the guest and public rooms, which in my opinion are really not needed!!! This hotel is genuinely the best hotel I have ever stayed in and it has that rare quality nowadays of happy, genuine and attentive staff, the hotel and it's management and staff should be very proud of what they achieve each day. With a full hotel over the New years holidays, you see people from all walks of life and nationalities, different dress styles and cultures and everyone is treated in the same professional and friendly manner, this really is a warm and personal hotel.The doorman and concierge are exceptional and in our experience arranged restaurants and other things with no fuss at all. As you can tell we are fans of the Palace, and although we will not be staying this coming new year 2009, we will be returning in December 2010 and cannot wait. We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. it is always a pleasure to stay there and is a lesson in how to run a hotel correctly. Incidently, out of curiousity we popped into the recently refurbished Plaza hotel, after hearing conflicting reports. Although we only had a fairly expensive round of drinks in the Oak bar, and did not see the bedrooms, from what we did see of the public areas, it was in our opinion &quot;horrid and gaudy&quot; and completly lacking in class in any way shape or form. I suggest the management of the Plaza stay for a week in the Palace and see how a world class top hotel should look and feel. Thankyou to the new york Palace for a wonderful stay.	
Jan 24 2009 	Fantastic again	Fantastic AgainA wonderful hotel in a wonderful location in a wonderful city. Staff are great and the room substantial by NYC standards. [Bed voted #1 mattress in the world (our survey)]. We looked at downtown locations (friends stayed at Soho Grand) but selected MidTown. Midtown delivers fantastic retail therapy, 42nd street, Central Park, MOMA, TheMet [don't miss it], restaurants, bars and stunning architecture. The real answer of MidTown vs. DownTurn is solved with fast subways [+cheap] and taxis.	
Jan 24 2009 	Fabulous Location	We just got back from a four night stay at the Palace and loved every minute of it. Our main concern in finding the right hotel for us was making sure that it had a good location. We wanted to be able to see all of the popular NYC spots, but didn't want to have to take a cab everywhere we went. The Palace was the perfect choice.We had a very easy walk to Rockefeller Plaza, Rainbow Room, 5th Avenue Shopping, SAKS was right across the street, Magnolia Bakery, FAO Schwarz, etc. We were even able to walk to Times Square, although it was a little further. The hotel staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. We worked with several different conceirges during our stay, and each one was knowledgeable and more than happy to make reservations, give directions, and we loved their recommendations. The rooms were good sized, large flat screen tvs, spotlessly clean, and had a beautiful view!	
Jan 23 2009 	Exceptional hotel	I can add only positiv remarks to this splendid place.For sure it is one of the best hotels in my travel experience.Thanks the entusiastic opinions from Tripadvisor we booked this hotel directly on the website for few nights and we were absolutely satisfied, both because of fantastic location vis a vis St.Partick Cathedral and because of the top quality of rooms and perfect service.I reccomend also fitness room with very friendly staff.How wonderfull is to spend one spring week in NYC, living in this terrific hotel.	
Jan 23 2009 	Just a wonderful Hotel	We were joining the QM2 from New York and this hotel was on a list .It was wonderful. On the 80th+ floor with fab views across New York and across the road from Zac's 5th Avenue..Much to my husbands dissapointment. The staff are just falling over themselves to help and nothing is too much trouble, my 6 year old fussy eater was well catered for. Try the fruit platter for breakfast! Oh my goodness what a feast!I would highly recommend this hotel, it really is wonderful.	
Jan 23 2009 	omgfantastic	If you have already read the reviews,you don't need me to tell you that this is the best hotel,fantastic,good location,amazing beds,best nights sleep,friendly staff,excellent gym with lovely views. We had breakfast out in a little place called Newyork Luncheonette,which was family run and excellent value. We spent new years eve in time square and had the best night ever. Everything in NewYork is bigger and better than you would imagine,ice skating in central park in the snow,the bright lights of timesquare and all the shops on 5th ave,if you have been thinking of going and can't decide,just go,it will be the best thing you ever did,you won't regret it for sure.	
Jan 19 2009 	The Palace is amazing	The Palace is SO beautiful and the bedrooms are really big by NY standards and extremely clean and comfortable. The staff is courteous and helpful. There is a beautiful lobby and the Gilt bar is incredible - what a spectacular room - if you don't mind paying $18 per drink. The atmosphere is so incredible though, it is worth it. The location is fantastic - right across the street from St. Patrick cathedral. The only negative worth mentioning is that the price for breakfast is outrageous($150 for four basic eggs/bacon/toast breakfasts) so don't make the same mistake we did - eat somewhere else!	
Jan 10 2009 	Fab time at the palace !	I booked a 3 night stay at the palace for a trip with my husband and youngest child 1yr old based on tripadvisor reviews and wasnt disappointed ! We paid $2500 inc tax for 3 nights in an executive level room. It was expensive because it was midweek but definitely worth every penny. We have stayed in the past in the waldorf, fitzpatricks and the essex house but this is definitely our favourite. The location is superb - easy walking to 5th ave central park and times square. The staff are superb very welcoming and accomodating. The executive lounge was great with a full hot breakfast and lovely food throughout the day inc mini deli style sandwiches and soup with pastries at lunch. It was a lovely comfortable oasis to relax in with superb views of st patricks cathedral. We found that we ended up eating all our meals there because it was so convenient with the baby esp when she napped ! My husband used the gym and loved it esp the view. We were upgraded to a room with a view of the cathedral which was spectacular the room was great nice size large flat screen and very comfy bed. We were on the 30th floor. All in all we had a wonderful relaxing trip and cant wait to go back	
Jan 7 2009 	the Fabulous Palace	Really a beautiful hotel, The rooms are a good size! I did a bit of research &amp; so many hotels in manhattan have tiny rooms - This was a standard king room the size of a Jr. Suite, That made the price right. We were upgraded to a view of the cathedral without asking, The staff was friendly and helpful. We did not eat anything @ the hotel... It's expensive. We did have cocktails @ Gilt, They were lovely, The Service impeccable. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
Jan 6 2009 	Felt like a queen!	I recently took my 2 daughters and best friend to New York for the holidays, and wanted to treat them to a first class experience. Let me first say, that I have stayed at several different hotels in New York over the last 10 years, and I have never experienced the quality and class that this hotel represents. From the entry into the courtyard with the fully decorated trees, to the elegant foyer and staircases in the entryway, we felt like royalty returning home! The pictures on Trip Advisor don't begin to show the elegance of this hotel. The beds were like sleeping on a cloud, they were so comfortable, it was hard to get up and leave the room each day. The location being so close to Rockefeller Center, and all the shopping one family could survive-the New York Palace Hotel is one to not miss. Although it took a bit of a splurge for us this visit, the deals can be found through Trip Advisor, and we will hopefully return in the spring just to be pampered again!	
Jan 5 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	This hotel is wonderful, it looks beautiful from the outside and has the interior to match. I contacted the hotel prior to our trip as it was a surprise present for my girlfriend and on our arrival we were given an upgrade......WHAT A VIEW!! Our room looked over St.Patricks Cathedral, amazing. The rooms were large and clean with a great TV and bed with a lovely bathroom with great toiletries. The hotels concierge were very helpful and always offered their assitance and the staff were very welcoming. If you want a beautiful hotel in a top location this is the one for you, I will definitely be visiting the New York Palace again in the future.	
Jan 2 2009 	Elegancy at the New York Palace	Always wanted to stay at the New York Palace….and it happened. We booked a Holiday Special, which included four nights/pay three in a King Room with all American Breakfast. We took a cab to this hotel and when we arrived, there were people waiting for a cab to the airport. The doorman did take of our luggage and brought it inside for us. The lady at the reception was very polite and friendly. We requested a view of the cathedral, which they gave us. Also as high as possible and wit a room on the 17th floor (room number 1716) we were already satisfied. It was ‘rush hour’ of people checking in and out. So there was no bell boy available to take our luggage to our room. we left our luggage at the bell desk. We did go in front and she would take care of the luggage. It’s always excited to open the door and not now what to expect. Well, I can assure you it meets our expectations very well. Wow, what a great room and the view…..just fantastic. We had a view of Saint Patrick’s Cathedral with Rockefeller Center in the background. Our luggage came five minutes later, which was very quick. The room was large, what a space and it was super clean. Every room has a door bell instead of bonking at the door. Two chairs and a table by the window. Working space/desk with also a comfortable desk chair. There was also a large (40 inch) flat screen, a mini bar (very expensive) and a safe in the closet. The bathroom had a the perfect size. Enough towels who were large and fluffy and European Bath Products. The enormous bed was extremely comfortable. There is a control panel by the bed for heat, air, lights, etc. With one touch you can put out all the lights. Is it to warm, you don’t have to go out of bed, just use the control panel. Turn down service is faultless. Delicious Lindt chocolates by the pillows. Some background music. Bathrobe laid out on the bed. Soft slippers next to the bed. Well, do I need to say more?The house keeping did an excellent job! We wrote her a ‘thank you note’ (it was Christmas Eve when she had to work) and gave her some extra money. When we came back she also wrote to us. That was nice. On Christmas Eve we were pleasant surprised by a tasteful gift from the hotel. Happy Holidays in Chocolate. That was so thoughtful! The lobby/entrance is classic, with the grand staircase and high ceilings. An enormous chandelier hangs in the middle of the staircase. The Christmas decorations were lovely. The Christmas trees were luxurious decorated. The courtyard in front of the hotel was decorated with a large Christmas tree and thousands of Christmas lights. It was a favorite ‘photo spot’ by tourists. Sometimes it was very crowded of people hanging around at the courtyard. It was sometimes annoying! This place is quiet! People are not screaming to each other. Most people who stay here have manners and respect other guests. I found my hotel…but I don’t know if it’s always affordable. We had such a great deal during Christmas. I’m on the mailing list, so who knows in the future…..I really do not have bad things to say about this hotel except for one thing. We had to pay $16 per night for internet access. After staying at Milford Plaza, Helmsley Park Lane, Hotel Park Central, Hilton New York and Hilton Garden Inn Times Square, I can say that the New York Palace was the best of all!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Fantastic =Just Perfect	From the moment we arrived it could not have been more perfect. The staff were so helpful and friendly. Our room was ready for us when we arrived at 2pm. We asked if the room had a view. It did not. My husband explained he had Emailed previous asking if it was possible for a room with a view as it was my 60th Birthday. The Receptionist said she would look for ano room for us. She found one which was $35 more per night. We were in the process of accepting this when she said please wait one moment sir and she went away for a short while, when she came back she told us her boss had agreed to upgrade us to the 31st floor at no extra cost. What a perfect birthday present what a view St Patricks Cathedral and New York City and such a large georgious room. I kept pinching myself all the time we were there 19th-23rd Dec 08. Thank you New york Palace and your wonderful staff I will always remember my 60th with special reason and highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New york for that special occassion. Oh and the Christmas Decorations were Just fantasic in side and outside the hotel. Thanks again	
Dec 31 2008 	!!! Best Hotel Ever !!!	We traveled to NYC from December 26th to 30th with our 2 children aged 2 and 5. We travel with extremely high expectations and this hotel met and surpassed them! One of the best if not THE best hotel we stayed with in over 12 years of family travel.We booked directly with the hotel and reserved a King Bed, Cathedral View room with access to the Executive Lounge. The nightly rate was of $620 USD but was worth every penny and then some.From the moment we arrived, we were served like royalty. My 5 year old daughter was asked by Bellman Mathieu to hop on the luggage cart for a ride to her room.The rooms are fairly large according to NYC standards. The rooms are extremely clean (so is the hotel). The beds are heaven like. The furniture is beautiful and like new. They have nothing but the best to offer. From Molton Brown soaps to all granite baths, this hotel gets you what you pay for and more.The service is unbelievable. You wait for nothing. They clean your room the second you leave without ever even seeing a cleaning cart in the hall. The concierge are top notch. From the doorman to mailman... the staff is happy and in return are happy to serve you.The Executive Lounge offers the best service (we already miss Juan Carlos), they serve a great breakfast buffet every morning, a light lunch, open bar (everything you could want) in the late afternoon and a light dinner with a dessert time from 8 to 930 pm. In the lounge you can get soft drinks, water, juices, fruits, cookies, candies at anytime of day. And when I say juices and cookies, I don't mean Oreos and Tropicana... It is freshly made cookies and real orange juice. Access to the lounge raises the price of the room, but again is worth every penny considering you would pay $8++ for a small bottle of pop with the in-room service and is free with this access...There is nothing bad to say about this hotel. It is expensive but like I said before, you get what you pay for and much more. Upon our departure, my two children were both given a hotel bear to take home with them as a souvenir of their stay in NY. Truly and simply the best.	
Dec 29 2008 	Lovely Hotel and a Great NYC Location!	If you are spending Christmas in New York City, the New York Palace is a perfect location. It is across the street from Saint Patrick's Cathedral and a short easy walk to Rockefeller Plaza. (Note: If you wish to attend Midnight Mass, you must send for tickets two months ahead of time. We didn't know that, and the hotel concierge was not able to assist us with tickets.)We did have some trouble with our reservation. Our room was not ready early as we had requested, by one hour. It was not even ready an hour after check-in time. The front desk staff was not particularly accommodating, but the night manager was called after my complaints, and he offered us an upgraded room that was ready immediately. This was very nice, but still a bit disappointing. Our original reservation was for adjoining rooms with friends we had not seen in quite awhile. In the future we will make our request more urgent, and it should be noted that rooms on the west side of the hotel (32nd floor) have fantastic views. The east side on that same floor looks at a brick wall.The hotel lobby was very comfortable and a fun place to people watch. The Christmas decor was elegant and the outside lights and trees were better than Rockefeller Plaza. This hotel had several great photo spots!The concierge desk made reservations at a very nice restaurant in the theater district for us. We noted that they often recommended premium seating and high priced eateries, but this one, Bistro Milan, was perfect. We tipped the concierge who assisted us, but most people did not. We wondered if this was because so many of the hotel guests were from other countries where tipping is handled in a different manner.It is a busy place, and meals at the hotel can be very pricey. We chose a deli around the corner for breakfast, but we enjoyed dinner at Istana, the hotel restaurant in the lobby, which had delicious food, and was great for people watching. We will try the more formal restaurant, Gilt, on our next trip.The rooms were lovely and well appointed with robes, slippers etc. The housekeeping staff did an excellent job. They were always courteous, quick, and efficient. Turn down service in the evening was a nice touch, with robes on the bed, ice, and chocolates. The bed and linens were comfy and felt very clean. The pillows and duvet were excellent, and the towels nice and thick. Warning: don't pick up the goodies in the refrigerator or on the bar. When lifted up, a scale makes note and you will be charged.Parking was pricey but convenient. Once parked, you could not take the car in and out without extra expense, but driving was not necessary. We walked to some excellent restaurants, stores, and the theater. This hotel really has a great location. It's close to Times Square as well, but it offered a much quieter and more elegant atmosphere. The few times we wanted a cab the doormen had them waiting for us.Overall, our stay was very nice. The hotel was beautifully decorated, elegant yet comfortable. It was a busy place, but not so busy that one would be overwhelmed. There was lots of security, some very obvious. We will put this hotel at the top of our list when planning our next trip to NYC.	
Dec 28 2008 	Wonderful time at the palace.	Stayed at the palace for 4 nights and can't fault a single minute we were there. My partner booked the trip as a suprise for me and prior to arriving e mailed the hotel to inform them the trip was for a special reason (proposal). They e mailed him back saying they would try to give us an upgraded room with a good view. On arrival we were put in a room with a fantastic view of the cathedral and also upgraded our room only package to include breakfast every day.Room was a really nice size, although mini bar pricy so we bought drinks from local shops and took them back to room. On 1st night we had complimentary bottle of water and chocolate covered strawberries left in the room with the turndown service. Molton Brown toiletries were replenished twice a day with maid service and room always spotless.Reception staff, doormen and concierge always polite and friendly when we were on our way in and out during the day.Hotel location brilliant. Within 10 minute walk in various directions of Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, Grand central station and Rockafeller Center. The Empire state building only 20 minutes walk too.All in all fabulous time had by us both and would never stay anywhere else in New York.	
Dec 26 2008	The Palace Concierge Saved the Day	I did not stay at the Palace Hotel but I was so impressed with the service when I had breakfast there that I was moved to write a review. At the end of breakfast at the Istana which is in the lobby area, my four year old girl decided the world was ending because her candy cane broke. She was crying uncontrollably and disrupting pretty much the entire lobby area. I hustled her out the front door to try to calm her down. Immediately the concierge (named Bitan I believe) came out and talked to my daughter until she was calm. He brought her a cup of water and a teddy bear and the tears were forgotten. They were so kind and helpful that I would stay at the Palace next time I'm in New York.	
Dec 22 2008 	Exceeded expectations	Although I asked for a room with double-beds, because priceline only had 2 guests instead of 4 (our kids), they booked a room with a king bed. The hotel was very accomodating, although they did not have any rooms w/double beds, they gave us an extra large king room with 2 cots for the kids. It worked out great! Staff VERY accomodating, got a deal on the room, and was convenient to everything. (Be careful, everything in this hotel is expensive--Parking $50/day, internet, spa, etc.--we could not even afford to eat in the hotel's rstr's). The view of St. Patrick's cathedral was out of this world, not to mention the view down 50th (could see Radio City and Rockefeller center!) Downstairs on the subway level of Rockefeller Center were plenty of places to eat (cheap), including a Starbucks, and had a great view of the ice skating rink. Best Christmas vacation ever.	
Dec 22 2008 	The Palace is still a Palace	The New York Palace is indeed one of New York´s top hotels. I stayed there last June for a few nights and from the moment we walked through the front door we were treated like rayalties. Although we walked in wearing Jeans and cardigan we were treated with dignety and rescept and one never got the feeling that that the staff look down on you whatever you were wearind, something that does happen at some grand luxury hotels. We stayed in a deluxe king corner room and the room was pleasing and it spacious decour made it fell lager than it´s 350 something square feet. Both the common areas of the hotel and the room combined opulence from a bygone era with modern amenities like in-room climate control and a 40 inch plasma.We ate at the Istana restaurant twice and although there was nothing special about the food, the swift and very polite service made up for it.The New York Palce in not generally considered to be one of New York´s top hotels. People have told me that it´s nothing compared to the likes of the Peninsula, The Plaza or Ritz-Carlton central park but I beg to differ! The location of the Palace is excellent much better in fact than the upper east siders (pierre and peninsula). The Palace manages to be a great luxury hotel without an attitude snobbery or selectiveness. Sure, it´s not as glamorous or flamboyant as the Plaza or Peninsula but with glamour comes excruciatingly tight security and the occasional snobbery so for me the New York Palce is one my top choices for New York accomodation.	
Dec 16 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights over Thanksgiving, the hotel is beautiful and well located, we requested a view of the cathedral, which they gave us - it was amazing!, the room was spacious and beds extremly comfortable, excellent house keeping and lovely Molton Brown products in the bathroom - the only fault would be the overpriced lobby bar $15 +tip for a small glass of house wine, but i guess that is to expected of a hotel of this standard, also stay clear of the mini bar - unless it is on expenses or you are a millionaire! Apart from that our stay was great and I would love to return one day.	
Dec 10 2008 	Fabulous hotel	Wow! Husband and I stayed for a night this past weekend on a recommendation from a friend. We were able to check in early (around 12). Very friendly and efficient staff (front desk and doormen). Lobby is fantastic- decorated beautifully for the holidays. Gorgeous views of the cathedral from the center hall. Room was super clean and fairly large by nyc standards- i'll post a few pix later. Bed so comfortable- slept great! Good location- we were able to walk to TImes Sq - Rockefeller Plaza - etc... Absolutely would stay again! Small word of caution-- may have been an oversight but we were overcharged for drinks at the lobby bar. We ordered 2 glasses of Merlot. Bill charged us for 1 merlot $14 and 1 cabernet savignon $24. Restaurant downstairs is pretty pricey for just ok food- ie we had lunch - burger, caesar salad with shrimp and 2 glasses of pinot grigio for $150 w/ tip. egads.	
Dec 8 2008 	Stay Somewhere Else	My husband and I stayed here for one night in April of 2007. I know that this review is a little late in coming, but I recently joined tripadvisor and people should know about the experience we had.My husband had booked the room for us. He was proposing to me that night. He set up the room perfectly before he arrived with me with some chocolates for me to eat and some milk to drink with the chocolates. He also had a copy of a computer game he got with for me on the desk with a note written on the notepad saying &quot;Will You Marry Me?&quot;. He also bought some bubble bath for us to use that night...Overall, it was very well planned on his part...My husband had explained to the hotel staff that he was setting up the room early and what the night was for. After setting up the room, he put on the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; and left. When he came back later with me, the do not disturb was no longer on, and as we were walking into the room, my husband noticed the milk that he had put in the room was now outside the room across from us. I was obviously oblivious to all of this, but when we went into the room, he check the minibar and noticed everything he had placed there was gone. So he ran to the phone in the hallway (he had yet to propose, so he didn't want me to overhear) to call and ask why they entered our room with the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; on.To make a long story short, the minibar guy came back with our stuff (and barely spoke English, might I add), and didn't apologize at all for coming into our room. He said that he saw no luggage or stuff, so he thought no one was in the room. This is clearly unacceptable. We raised the problem with the head of security at the hotel. And when all was said and done, the best they offered us for the inconvenience and complete lack of respect for privacy was a free upgrade to a room in the towers if we came back within a year. Needless to say, we didn't go back. We would have raised the complaint higher had the hotel not been privately owned by some royalty guy in the Middle East.The only good thing I have to say about this hotel is that their breakfast was to die for! I got french toast which came with strawberries and bananas, and I was in heaven! So don't stay here, but definitely eat there if you get a chance!	
Dec 2 2008 	Beautiful 2bdrm suite. Great location.	We stayed with our extended family of seven at The New York Palace Hotel over the Thanksgiving holiday, for five nights. We enjoyed the towers portion of the hotel, rooms 4701 and 4702, looking east with a view of the river. The suite was decorated art deco style with a large dining table, living room, full bare catering kitchen (no place settings, flatware, pans, toaster, etc), and half bath in addition to each bedrooms' full bath. Free internet was provided by the hotel, I don't think it's free in the non-tower rooms of the hotel, but is in the lobby.The beds were extremely comfortable, towels large and fluffy and services offered were abundant.This is a beautiful hotel, close to Times Sq., Rockefeller Plaza and the Theatre district. I highly recommend the Palace for a wonderful NYC experience.	
Dec 2 2008	Suberb can't fault anything!	I have stayed in a number of Hotels throughout Europe and America and am confident to state the New York Palace was the best one I have stayed in to date.The location of the hotel is excellant with excellant views of the Cathedral and a short distance away from Times Square and Mid town. I found the location of the hotel was a pleasantly quieter area to that of Times Square.The entrance of the Hotel is grand and has the &quot;wow&quot; factor. The Christmas tree outside the Hotel was astounding.Having read previous reviews I was a bit worried about the lobby area so opted for a room in The Towers.The lobby area was nothing to be worried about, yes you had a lot of people hanging around, but this did not bother me or my party. The reception staff to The Towers were great, nothing too much trouble for them, the hotel room was brilliant, clean and comfortable.The entire trip was a pleasure, all staff were polite, very professional and nothing was to much trouble for them.I would advise anyone to go to this hotel, but remember the saying, &quot; you pay for what you get&quot;.	
Nov 30 2008 	Amazing Hotel	For the final part of our honeymoon my wife and I spent 3 nights in the New York Palace.We had a fantastic stay in New York, we both love the city and can't wait to return.The New York Palace is in an amazing location with a beautiful views of the cathederal. We were fortunate enough to get upgraded to a room with a view of the cathederal from one of the very helpfull and friendly members of staff. As stated in previous reviews nothing seems to be too much bother for them. The room was really good and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept on.I can't say enough superlatives about this hotel. I would recommend the New York Palace to anyone staying in Manhatten.	
Nov 24 2008 	Wish I could have stayed a month!!	What an amazing hotel!! The staff, room service, and rooms so unbelievable. From the moment I arrived - I was greeted as &quot;family&quot;. Every Staff member that I came in contact with was friendly and very accomodating. My Room was beautiful and spacious. The Hotel was located next to everything and was very safe and secure. There is just not enough to room to write all the great things that I love about this hotel. I hope that I get to go back and I hope that it is soon.	
Nov 20 2008 	The best hotel	I have been to New York alot, but always stay in lots of hotels because i never find one that is right. Now i have found New York Palace, i will always stay here.The lobby is so beautiful, and special, i feel like the king when i was walking around. The rooms are also of a very high quality, and make me feel relaxed and happy after long day of work. Out of my window, i could see a magical church, and i thought that there is no better view in NYC.The staff are very good and they make lots of things happen very quickly...if you want taxi, there is taxi, if you want flowers, there are flowers...nothing is too much trouble.	
Nov 18 2008 	Moderate stay at the Palace	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Palace. It was our first trip to New York. Room was spacious and clean. Bathroom small, had to shower in the bath tube. Can you believe this in a 5 star hotel??!! Perfect location. Short walking distance to 5th Avenue, Times Square and Central Park. Couldn't be better.But we were not happy with the staff. Unfriendly!! Furthermore, the hotel was very crowdy due to an annual global investment conference. Won't return to the Palace. Not worth the usd 500 per night.	
Nov 18 2008 	Excellent Hotel	The hotel has a great location, and has decent sized rooms and is very worthy of it's five stars. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 17 2008 	Love the Palace!	Just returned from a weekend trip to NYC to see the Christmas Spectacular at Radio City. We chose the Palace for our one night stay. You cannot get better than this! When we arrived the staff was so friendly, even making a big deal over my daughter who is 8. We had booked an American Girl package and she received the cutest little pink bed, pillow and blanket that she could take home. We even purchased an extra for a friend of hers! When we called to ask for one, housekeeping brought it up in an American Girl Place bag within 10 minutes of our request. Our room was on the 23rd floor, with a beautiful view of St. Patrick's. We were just a couple of blocks from Radio City, Rockefeller Center and American Girl Place so we could walk and shop and sightsee all we wanted. The staff was amazing, and the room was beautiful! Gosh were the beds comfortable! The room was large, with a large LCD TV, control panel by the bed for heat,air, lights, etc, and any request we had was taken care of immediately with such positive, friendly attitudes! A special thanks to Britan - who checked us in, and made my daughter feel like a princess! We left our luggage at the Bell Desk, and called ahead about 20 minutes to let them know we were coming and our luggage and car were waiting for us. The courtyard is beautiful, and the grand staircase........Thank you New York Palace for a trip to NYC we will never forget! We will definitely stay at the Palace when we return to NYC!	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	After traveling with 3 kids ages 9, 10 &amp; 12 through Europe for 2 1/2 weeks, our last stop was New York for 6 nights. It could not have been a better place for us to end our trip!! The hotel was fantastic and the staff was excellent. The doorman and concierge were very helpful during our whole trip. We obviously needed a laundromat after being in Europe for so long and the concierge recommended his, it was fantastic, my husband and I got to truly experience being New Yorkers! The location is unbeatable, we walked everywhere and the view of St. Patrick's cathedral topped off our stay. We went during 4th of July weekend so we got an excellent deal which included breakfast. Breakfast is super pricey so this was definitely an added bonus. We will definitely stay here again! My boys loved it!!	
Nov 8 2008 	Pampering	I went with a few girlfriends last March, and had a great time. A splurge, but worth it. The hotel was so well located and we walked and walked and shopped and shopped. It is New York, so expect to pay about twice as much for everything. If you keep that in mind you'll have no problem here. I have been to manhattan several times and always try different hotels. Not coming back will be hard to do.	
Nov 4 2008 	Fantastic location	Arrived here early afternoon. Got an excellent room with a view of the cathedral. Spacious (for NYC) room. The staff throughout were fantastic - nothing was too much truble.The best bit was the location - so easy to get anywhere. The subway just two blocks away, but most places of interest were walking distance away.Definitely try and stay here if I go to NYC again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Nice but pricey	The NY Palace is in a fantastic location and is very comfy - the beds are amazing - I wanted to take ours home!If you stay in a deluxe room make sure that you get breakfast included in the rate. Breakfast was tasty but expensive. We were lucky enough to have complimentary American breakfast meaning we could choose anything from the Istana breakfast menu. Breakfast for two can easily come to $100 - $8 for coffee, $10 for juice... that's $36 before you've had any food!We didn't use the well-stocked minibar since it was so expensive - a bottle of water was $10, the same bottle cost just $2 in the shop across the street (warning - items will be charged if you take them off their stands for over 30 seconds even if you don't use them!).We splashed out on the Palace for our honeymoon but got the feeling that we didn't have enough money to stay there! If you have plenty of cash left over after having payed for the room you'll be fine. It's a shame that the more you pay for a room, the less you get included! Other, cheaper hotels we stayed at on our trip all had complimentary water and wifi - not a big ask.	
Oct 26 2008	feel posh and stay here!	Good location if you want to walk to the shops/central park and really easy to get to other NYC attractions.Great hotel, good food, room standard etc. But at this price, you'd expect this?Only annoying thing was having to pay $16 per night for wifi access. I mean. What a rip-off. Wifi is free now in every other hotel I stay in.even the $80 and below price.	
Oct 24 2008 	Highly recommended	A great hotel in a great location, its the perfect base for exploring new york. Great breakfasts too....the best waffles I've had in the US!	
Oct 18 2008 	4 Perfect Nights in NYC	I took my mom to NYC to celebrate her 70th birthday. I looked at over 20 different hotels in the city and finally decided on the Palace for location, reputation and recent reviews. We were not disappointed! The location is superb and the check-in, staff, concierge, maid service, etc. were friendly and professional at all times. We booked a package that included an American breakfast each morning. The food was mediocre (w/ stellar service) - I would recommend many of the other little coffee shops in the area. There is a Starbucks across the street as well. The breakfast can run upwards of $80 for two people if it's not included in the room. Per all the other reviews, the rooms were spacious and clean - the bathroom was larger than most NY hotel rooms. The health club was large with state of the art equipment and a gorgeous view of St. Patrick's. The locker room and showers were great w/ bathrobes, lots of fluffy towels and a steam room. We went to 3 Broadway shows and enjoyed all of them! Our choices were The Little Mermaid, Legally Blond and Orange/Osage County. One thing we noticed is that it was really cold in all of the theaters so bring a jacket or scarf to wrap around your shoulders. The Palace provides a complimentary shuttle to the theater district at 7:30 each evening. However, it's only a 15 minute walk over to the theater district. We took the shuttle over and walked back. We did a self guided walking tour of SoHo and Greenwich village one morning and then went up to Central Park to walk around and people watch. We were also fortunate to encounter a huge street fair on Broadway that spanned about 5 city blocks - it was fun to check out all the vendors and bargains. Another day was spent with On Board Tours of NYC - we booked a 5.5 hour city tour which covered most of Manhattan along with a ferry ride to Staten Island. This was a great way to see all the sights and get acclimated to the city. The bus only accommodates 32 passengers so it was nice to be with a smaller group. We also took the bus up Madison Avenue to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We had lunch in the museum cafe, however, I would not recommend it to anyone - 2 salads, 1 wine, 1 coffee was $75 - a meal with a memory but a hit on the AMEX. It's nice walk back to the Palace from the MET. We exited on the upper west side and followed Columbus Ave. all the way down and thru Central Park. We were blessed with amazing weather so we took full advantage of being outside. NYC is a wonderful place - We felt extremely safe wherever we went.	
Oct 16 2008 	Truly Palatial	Our first time in NYC, but hopefully not our last. The Palace is exactly that, a palace. The rooms are huge and wonderfully clean, the marble bathroom was bigger than we have at home, so no problems there. As for the bed, I didn't think there could possibly be a bed as comfortable as ours at home, but I admit I was wrong....lying on the bed was like sinking into marshmallows, simply wonderful! We had a view of St. Patrick's Cathedral and over that to the Rockefeller Centre, looking at that scene is a wonderful way to start your day!The staff are all superb, and special mention must go to Juliana Esteban of Istana, she's extremely good at her job, but also genuinely friendly!My husband contacted the Hotel before we went to inform them of my approaching birthday (51) and when we returned to our room on the first evening there was a delicious chocolate cake, bottled water and card waiting for me! Turn down service is faultless, chocolates by the pillows, and the ice bucket filled, very handy to chill the bottles of Snapple which we brought in with us!We had breakfast in Istana every morning, and can recommend it, everyone should start their day drinking fresh orange juice whilst sitting beside a marble pillar! Yes it's fairly expensive to stay at the Palace, but worth every penny. Would we stay there again? In a heartbeat!!!	
Oct 15 2008 	Can't get much more NY than at the Palace	The location is superb, the staff is overly friendly and the building itself is a NYC landmark. If you are visiting NYC as a tourist, this place is worth the splurge. The rooms are modern and comfortable, but the best feature of every room is the OUTSTANDING view. Even the gym faces St Patrick's Cathedral. I would definitely recommend this to hotel to anyone. To see for yourself, I made a video of my stay:[--]	
Oct 15 2008	Big rooms quiet and comfy beds. Good visit.	I have stayed many times at the Palace for work over the years and it was fine but never wowed me. Was in NYC for fun last week and booked in for 2 night given I knew the rooms were spacious and it has a good location. After walking around NYC all day, great to come back to a a big room, big comfy bed and peace and quiet. Although didn't interact with the staff much, the guest service team were super efficent and helpful producing all the tourist info i needed. The Palace might not be an exciting place to stay if you want the latest NYC style or a trendy hotel bar, but when you want a good night sleep and comfortable place to decompress after a day out and about, think it fits the bill.	
Oct 12 2008 	Loved it	Our first time in NY and had been concerned with comments over size and quality of NY hotel rooms. BUT this hotel was lovely. We requested a high floor and had a great view out over the cathedral and to the rockerfeller building. Bed was huge, bathroom a little dated but lovely and hotel very clean. Staff very helpful and we felt very safe here. We got access to the gym changing room to freshen up before we came home (night flight) and I would definitely return there. Yes its not cheap BUT its location is excellent and I would highly recommend.	
Oct 4 2008	Would definitely stay at the Palace Again	Great hotel, I would definitely stay here again. Even though it's a huge hotel, it doesn't feel like it. Everyone is friendly, helpful, and efficient (I stayed on a Tues-Weds). In its price range (I paid $385 for a week night on business), it was fantastic. The room was spacious, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and I had a partial view. It was quiet and the relaxing music already on when I got to my room, and the chocolates next to the bed were a nice touch. It isn't ultra luxurious like the St. Regis, for example, but in its price range it cannot be beat. For such a big place, they seem to put a lot of thought into making your stay comfortable and inviting. I already said it but the staff was really great - they handle your bags quickly, make change, get you to your room, get you a cab, all without being asked. It's great and a good location too. Only positives to say about this place (to provide context: my other recent stays are: Four Seasons Boston, St. Regis New York).	
Sep 29 2008 	Incredible Weekend Get-Away!!!	We had a remarkable weekend at The New York Palace Hotel. Interestingly they housed many of the folks from The UN World Conference so security was HIGH, but they were great about preparing us for this and it was not a hinderence. Acutally, it was kind of exciting. The hotel, which is a grand house and a modern hotel - amazingly combined, offers the old word style I was looking for along with modern/contempoary flare. I wanted to be pampered and I was not dissapointed. The staff were perfect and our pre-theater dinner at Gilt was one Ill remember for a long time. Our room was huge, comfortable and attention to detail was evident everywhere. The location couldnt have been better. Madison Ave, a quick walk to the theater but NOT in the chaos of the theater district which was great. Im in NY quite often for work and for the art scene, but this time I wanted NY to be a get-away, relaxing and restful. I've returned to NH well rested, with great memories and feel it was a great value.	
Sep 22 2008 	Perfect in every way	Our family of four stayed at the New York Palace hotel for three glorious nights in July 2008. This could not have been better: large room on the 25th floor overlooking St-Pats Cathedral (standard room), unbeatable central location, one of the only hotels in Manhattan to offer a city view to speak of (make sure you are on the cathedral side of the hotel), large comfortable bathroom, great beds, luxury touches, turndown service every night, etc. We were pampered and the service level everywhere in the hotel was outstanding. Definitely worth every extra dollar !	
Sep 16 2008 	No nonsense quality	We stayed in September at the end of a multi location stay and found the New York Palace to be a great hotel.To be fair even if you are out exploring all day its nice to come back to something that is consistently good quality and comfortable.We only ate at the hotel once as we anted to try the different choices in New York but when we did treat oursleves to breakfast in our room it was very nice.The staff were very helpful and upgraded us to a room with an amazing view (to be fair I imagine all of the rooms have an amazing view!) the bed was really comfy and the room surprisingly spacious for New York, with great air conditioning.Good mid town location!	
Sep 8 2008 	truly 'palatial'	My partner and I just returned from a Labor Day Weekend at the New York Palace and everything was outstanding: the room, the service, the location, the bed, everything.I assumed NYC was all non-smoking, as is Illinois. When we arrived we were given a smoking room but we were quickly changed to non-smoking with no problem.The room was huge by NYC standards with a great picture window view of the city.Not inexpensive, but worth it.	
Sep 5 2008 	Fantastic!!	My husband and I stayed at the New York Palace the last week of August. We had a fantastic stay! When we first arrive we were a little nervous because everything was so formal and a bit stuffy for our style. However, once we checked in and went to our room, we were in love with the hotel. The view from our room absolutely took our breath away!! We looked out from the 15th floor at St. Patrick Cathedral. It was unbelievable!! The room itself was very nice as well. I thought it was pretty large by NYC standards. The turndown service every night was a very nice touch. Breakfast was included with our room. I thought the breakfast was very good. Bobby was our waiter a couple of mornings and he was excellent, very attentive and friendly. The location of the hotel was perfect. It is in the middle of everything. Last year we stayed at the Omni Berkshire which is very close to the Palace. We really like that hotel as well. However, we found the Palace to be nicer. I would definitely stay at the Palace again.	
Sep 5 2008 	Dissapointed	Yes, hotel is grand and location is excellent. Still the general feeling in the hotel is more business-oriented than pure luxury. The concierges were always extremely busy (and to be honest not very helpful), staff in the bar and restaurant seemed a bit frustrated and room was nothing special. All in all the hotel lacked accommodating atmosphere - not a 5-star property when it comes to the level of service.	
Sep 4 2008 	New York Palace: location can't be beat	The New York Palace - formerly the Helmsley Palace - consists of a modern hotel tower built in 1980 above the historic 19th century brownstone Villard mansions behind St. Patrick's Cathedral.The public spaces are in the restored mansions, and are opulent - if a bit small. The aptly-named Gilt bar/restaurant off the lobby is a wonderful place to grab a drink and is dripping with Renaissance-revival gilding and frescoes.The hotel rooms are in the modern tower, and their size and price vary. Nightly rates climb for rooms facing St. Patrick's and for rooms on a higher floor. I recently stayed on the 39th Floor, in an Executive-Level room, and the views of the cathedral are quite spectacular.The bedrooms, furnishings, bedding, and amenities are what you would expect from a 4-star hotel, and are similar to a Ritz-Carlton in size and quality. The bathrooms are on the small size, however, and although immaculate and updated, probably could use a renovation.One odd feature in the rooms is an outdated control panel which rests on one of the nightstands. It must date to the hotel's opening in 1980, and I've never seen anything like it in another hotel. The panel has gold buttons which control all of the lights, air conditioning and heating, and even a privacy light outside your door. It might have seemed futuristic in a &quot;Jetsons&quot; kind of way in 1980, but is quite anachronistic in 2008. The light switches throughout the room are similarly styled and can be confusing to figure out.One small downside: The picturesque courtyard of the Villard mansions in front of the hotel has lately become a tourist attraction, as it is prominently featured in the TV show &quot;Gossip Girl.&quot; So you will often find yourself working your way past groups of tourists to get to the hotel entrance.Regardless, the service, location, views, and ambience cannot be beat.	
Sep 3 2008 	New York Palace  a good experience	My second stay in New York this summer after a previous stay at the Mandarin Oriental. Honestly these two hotels are completely different in all the details. My favorite one was by far the Mandarin but just for main position I did prefer better the location of the New York Palace , very close to my main shopping favorite area and just a short walking distance from Saks. Everything at the New York Palace was right ; the Junior Suite Room in their Towers Section was very nice and quite large. Very comfortable room with a beatiful bathroom ( with Acqua di Parma samples , really Nice !! ).. While I was at New York Palace I did not try the hotel restaurants. I had just the breakfast. It was quite expensive with a very limited menu and with service slow and not particulary friendly.. So not a great experience. The people working at the Concierge of the Towers was very nice and very helpful , thank you. So a good experience in New York , not my favorite hotel for style and accomodation but nothing to complain about it.	
Sep 3 2008 	Excellent hotel with a fantastic location.	Beautiful big hotel in a fantastic location.Excellent and spacious rooms with fantastic view - our room with St. Patrick Cathedral.Bathrooms good equipped.	
Sep 3 2008 	********** Words can not describe this PALACE !!! ***********	Amazing !! My fiance and I booked this 5 * hotel because we wanted the BEST , we were getting married on the 27th May 08, in Central Park, New York ! I searched for months to find a perfect hotel , no matter the cost, and we fell in LOVE with this Hotel, just by lookin at the photos, the main stairs done it for me I just imagined myself walking down these grand stairs in my princess wedding dress, And I did !!! The staff are Amazing !! every single one of them ! they really could not do enough for us, and our two daughters who were aged 4 and a half, and 2 and a half.Breakfast in the restraunt, and to be honest for just us 4 it was $110. Bout £60, wait for it , My Husband had the full breaskfast (ha ha) a very small plate, with only one portion of bacon, egg, sausage etc. I had a bagal, and the girls had a piece of toast with jam, we all had a juice each , which was $10 EACH ! for again a very small glass, So I would not recomend breakfast !!! But we would recommend the Istania Restraunt for a evening meal, out of this world, the best beef I have every tasted it just melted !! Our rooms were to the highest standard as you would expect from a 5* hotel.Location was FANTASTIC !! very close to 5av shops, in walking distance to Times Square, but to be honest, there is so much to see you have to walk to take it all in.We loved it that much as soon as we came home we booked to stay at this Palace next year !!! If u go to New York and you really want the time of your life I would recommend you stay here !!!	
Sep 3 2008 	Pure luxury for summer fun in NYC	We spent two nights at the New York Palace Hotel as a special treat for our wedding anniversary. We do not normally frequent luxury hotels, but we were able to get a good deal (at least for NYC) for a weekend in August ($345 per night plus tax). The hotel most certainly did not disappoint! First, the location is wonderful---we generally prefer to stay in Midtown Manhattan because of its central position and proximity to the theater district and one of our favorite restaurants (Becco). This particular trip took us all around Manhattan, from Battery Park to the Upper East Side. We made use of the subway a lot and appreciated the convenience of the hotel to the 51st and Lexington stop. Before we even arrived at the New York Palace Hotel, I was impressed based on my experience of their customer service when I phoned in advance to inquire if there were DVD players in the rooms. I was very courteously informed that although most of the rooms do not have DVD players, an engineer would be pleased to set one up for us. This was great because we were able to watch our wedding DVD, which is a tradition on our anniversary (and it looked even better on the large flat-panel television in our room). When we arrived at the hotel, we were awed by the beautiful lobby and restaurant spaces, especially the main entrance, which faces St. Patrick's Cathedral. The view of the cathedral from the gilt lobby area is truly magical (made us feel as if we were in Europe). I had stayed in the Waldorf=Astoria for a bachelorette party the previous year, and although I found the common spaces there to be lovely, I'd have to say that the New York Palace beats out the Waldorf, especially given the view of the cathedral. We were also extremely pleased with the room itself---it was shockingly large by NYC standards and chock full of every amenity we could imagine. Beautiful wood and marble-topped furniture, a large flat-panel television mounted on the wall, a huge closet with lots of quality hangers and a full-length mirror, an extremely comfortable king-sized bed, extra-large fluffy towels and bath robes, a mini bar stocked with premium liquors and snacks, etc. We also always love those room-darkening curtains that make it seem as if you're in a cave even when it's bright and sunny outside (great for sleeping). The turn-down service at night was memorable as well (delicious chocolates). All in all, if you can afford to stay in a hotel like this, by all means do! You will feel truly pampered and will surely enjoy the central location as well as the historic opulence of the interior and exterior spaces.	
Sep 2 2008	Fabulolus!	OK, where to start.... Well, I was looking to take my mum to NYC for a couple of days. Mother - daughter bonding and all that. Got tix to see Neil Diamond at Madison Square Gardens, needed a place to rest our weary heads...Normally stay at the Westin, Times Square. Nothing wrong with the Westin, nice hotel, good location, but wanted a location nearer to Bloomies and that area. Wow! The entrance is beautiful, twinkly lights, looks like a chateau. Staff at check in were fab. Asked for a room with a nice view for mum. She got a view on the 12th floor overlooking St Patricks. Large room, nice quality furniture. My view was over the back, but the room too was large. Comfy comfy bed - didn't want to get out. Molton Brown toiletries, turndown service, bathrobe laid out on the bed, slippers by the side.... Really pleasant staff. Forgot my toothbrush, concierge had one sent up - Molton Brown box, toothbrush and paste, plus a small bottle of Listerine! Clean rooms, well maintained. Hairdryer didn't work one morning, mentioned it to the maid. When we saw her later that night, she asked how we were and if it had been fixed. Only gripes were that the lifts were nearly always full - very busy hotel, and coming back from Neil Diamond, we were charged $21 for two cappucinos which were lukewarm. I have complained as I think it's a bit steep. However, they were all I could moan about. My mother in law and husband were due to stay in NYC about a week and a bit later. Couldn't get them into the Palace, got them in the Waldorf Astoria as I thought it would be equivalent - and assuming it would be as nice. Now, therein lies another story...........	
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastic Hotel. Loved it!	All round fantastic hotel. Clean luxurious rooms. Great location to access all transport both in and out the city. Staff were excellent and we would highly recommend the 'executive lounge' option when booking if possible as food, drink and local knowledge was all in adundance.Will definately return to this hotel. Great trip!	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful hotel location and service	I took my 9 year old niece and 17 year old daughter for a weekend in New York and stayed for the first time at the New York Palace. We wanted to be close to American Girl Shop/Show, as well as shopping and the park and this hotel was the perfect choice. They provided a bed for my niece's American Girl Doll and the service, friendliness, helpfulness, of all employees was perfect. The room was beautiful and we had a wonderful view of the Cathedral. It was a hot weekend, so we requested a fan and they immediately brought us a small &quot;air conditioner&quot; that was quiet and really helped with the heat. We ate breakfast and lunch in the hotel, really expensive, but the food was wonderful. I would not suggest eating breakfast in the hotel because of the cost, but there is a wonderful cafe next door that is reasonable. The beds were so comfortable and, even though they were double beds, it was comfortable for two in a bed. We would definately stay here again. Additionally, we saw Jersey Boys...awesome!!!	
Aug 25 2008	Oh My Goodness Great Value!	The New York Palace Hotel (formerly Helmsley) is a Grande Dame of the Upper East Side. Right on madison avenue across from Saks and St. Patrick's Cathedral it has a beautful courtyard out front. The restaurant Gilt for dinner is fantastic as well as the Madison Room for breakfast. The rooms are brand new and a decent size. Two big beds. View of the church and on a high floor. Great value for NY!!!! Definatly would go back! The staff and concierge were extremely helpful and friendly too!	
Aug 25 2008	Excellent Location - Superb Service	Stayed at the NY Palace with my girlfriend for three nights in Jan 2008.When we arrived by taxi, we had a little trouble with the driver since he had no change. The bell captain immediately helped us out by paying the cab for us - which was a fantastic gesture in my opinion.Check-in was a little inefficent as they didn't find my reservation at first. Leaders Club privileges were not granted and my request for a room with a view was not observed. The room was huge by New York standards, the bathroom was great and the furnishings luxurious and tasteful. The beds were soft and comfy. The Concierge and the staff were friendly, professional and handled every request in the best possible manner. We always got the best table when table booking was arranged through the hotel.The bar in the hotel is great. Go there for a drink. Generally speaking this is an excellent mid-town hotel with fabulous service - I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 24 2008 	Suberb stay	Excellent and expensive spacious accomodation, efficient service and location that cannot be beaten. Exceptional value at the summer weekend rate of 275 USD. We especially liked the view from the st. patrick's side.	
Aug 22 2008 	Very good hotel	We booked this hotel for a luxury 3 day stay in NYC, before going onwards elsewhere. We were not disappointed. Our room was sumptuous, the hotel interior exudes quality and the hotel lived up to its 5 star status. Staff and service were excellent. The hotel location on Madison Avenue is pretty good - 5 minute walk to Central Park, 10 minutes to Broadway and Fifth Avenue. As a City Centre Hotel, the Lobby was typically, - I felt - modestly sized. Our room outlook was, in the main, to the wall of an adjacent building, and on floor 23, with part views of distant streets below. In a City hotel however, this is to be expected. Food in the restaurant was excellent, though my only minor quibble is the restaurant lacks a little in ambience. As would be expected for its quality, this is a fairly expensive hotel, and be aware that in hotel dining is pricey. To conclude, and in summary however an excellent hotel which we are happy to highly recommend	
Aug 21 2008 	Best Hotel ever!	This hotel was gorgeous. Beautiful clean and spacious room with fantastic view of the city, delicious breakfast, and excellent service.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Midtown Hotel	Great midtown hotel. Large comfortable rooms. Breakfast was a little crowded, and there was no Buffet, You had to order everything like in a diner.	
Aug 16 2008 	WOW! Fabulous Hotel!	My family and I stayed at the NY Palace for two nights. There were two adults, two teens in a double room. I can't even describe how fabulous this hotel is! From the moment we checked in we were treated like royalty.( We had just gotten off the train from DC and didn't look like royalty.) We were greeted warmly, given a wonderful room on the 9th floor. Although not a real high room, it was directly across from St. Patricks cathedral and had a great view of many buildings and the street. There was plenty of room for four people. We loved it! It was a little noisy in the morning if the window was open from the cabs honking but not too bad. Everything is first class, the furniture, linens, service, bath products etc... We have stayed at many fine hotels across the world and this was truly one of the nicest places we have ever stayed in. The location is great and the staff are not snooty as they can be in some nicer hotels. The beds are comfortable, room service was really fast and the food was great although expensive. The bellman told us if we liked coffee in the a.m instead of paying for room service coffee, he called and had them send up a coffe set up, which was a full size coffe maker, on a silver tray with cups, silverware, a pitcher of cream, sugar and of course coffee. Great tip. Also, the woman who checked us in told us that it cost 15 dollars to access the internet from the room, but that it was free in the lobby. So if we needed to use the laptop we just went down to the lobby and plugged in and sat in their very comfortable chairs. There were plenty of places to sit and to plug in. The hotel is just lovely and clean and well maintained. We were so thrilled to have found such a gem and can't wait to stay there again.	
Aug 16 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	This hotel is the nicest I have ever stayed in. I travel a lot and this one trumps all the others. Great location, great service, great beds. Rooms are very spacious, but do smell a little stale. The staff is the friendliest around. The wifi is way too expensive, but they offer free service on the first 2 floors and have lots of chairs to sit in. I would stay again in a second.	
Aug 15 2008	manhattan holiday	My parents and I stayed at the palace for 8 days. The room was on the 15th floor. It was not too shabby. The beds were comfortable. Every night before I go to sleep, I had a view of St. Patrick's Cathedral on the foreground while Rockefeller Plaza was on the background. It felt surreal. perhaps it was best for a hollywood movie. didn't go around the hotel that much since 5th avenue was just a block away! during daytime there are lots of people walking around the area. especially along 5th avenue. but at night it becomes quiet. there is not much to do. no nearby bars or lounges to chill. since the hotel is near 5th avenue, the best time to go around that area is from 8pm onwards. its when all the tourist seem to vanish! there are tons of good restaurants in the area as well. just to name a few, gilt, four seasons, aquavit, le grenouille, figs and olives, etc. in the palace its all about opulence. don't expect some chic or comtemporary hotel. it is one of the landmark hotels in manhattan. just the entrance along madison avenue speaks volumes. its a bit uptight for younger people but older couples or businessmen will enjoy this hotel. my only comment is that they didn't provide us with complimentary water during our stay..overall it was a memorable stay.	
Aug 11 2008 	Very swish!	My partner and I stayed in New York for 4 nights en route to see his brother and wife in Austin Texas. We wanted to stay somewhere central and to have a bit of luxury and found a good rate online for the Palace. We weren't disappointed. For a first visit to New York, the Palace is in a good central location: close to Central Park, shopping on Fifth Avenue etc. However in hindsight we would probably have preferred staying in Greenwich Village or East Village - still central, but away from the noise (you can still hear those taxis loud and clear even 34 floors up!) and the hustle and bustle of Midtown. The Palace is an extrememly fancy hotel which deserves its 5 stars. The courtyard and lobby are very glamourous and the front desk staff very helpful. Our room was a corner standard room which was extremely large and had fantastic views out of St Patrick's Cathedral and double aspect windows which made it really light. The decor was classic and smart - not chic and trendy like a boutique hotel but very sophisticated. The room was really well equipped with a very cute little clock radio/MP3 player which had soothing music built in. The bed was very comfortable and huge! The bathroom was a little disappointing as it was a bit dated, but still very clean and well cared foor. The room was also impecably clean and the housekeeping was very thorough. They even left really sweet little touches like chocolates on the pillow with their free turn down service. All in all we were impressed by the quality and service of the hotel and would recommend it. I would however recommend taking earplugs if you are a light sleeper as you can here the traffic of New York's streets even 34 floors up and it is a constant presence all through the night!	
Aug 7 2008 	Charming hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of July, during which time we got married in the Empire State Building. We arrived at the NY Palace tired and hot after a long flight. The staff were very welcoming and friendly. When we arrived in our room, we were amazed by the fantastic view of the cathedral 21 floors below us. The amenities in the room were fantastic, particularly the Molton Brown toiletries. The health club was also very good and it is well-positioned for central park and the major shopping districts. Times square is a 15 min walk away. A word of warning though - the hotel bar and room service is very expensive - probably better to stay here and eat/drink somewhere else if you don't want to spend a month's wages on a drink. Other than that, fabulous.	
Jul 30 2008 	Pure Luxury	Enjoyed a fantastic long weekend in the New York Palace back at the end of May. The first thing you notice as you walk in is a real feeling of old world oppulence. The whole place oozed luxury. The next thing to highlight is that, to a man (or woman) the staff were the most helpful of any hotel I have ever stayed in. A special mention for both the bell man who offered, then organised to get our room changed for us to give us a better view (looking right over St Patricks which was stunning) and to the concierge service who never failed us, whatever the question was.I was expecting a small room having read various reviews about New York hotels but our room was very large and spacious, fantastically clean and looked as if it had been very recently refurbished.For those fans of Gossip Girl there are also plenty of familiar locations to try and spot.The location is fantastically central with Saks and the Rockefellar Centre only five minutes walk away.It was expensive though so would we go back ? In a second !!	
Jul 26 2008	Great Hotel	How neat to check into a hotel when Secret Service has someone there- we never found out who it was, but that tells you who stays at the Palace. Great location, great service. The bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The noise from the street below was barely audible. The fitness center is nicely appointed and has a great view of St. Patrick's cathedral. The bar inside the Palace is really amazing.....go have a drink just for the experience.Great birthday stay at this hotel- I will never forget turning &quot;29&quot;.	
Jul 26 2008 	In need of refurbishment	I stayed in the Palace in July whilst on the business trip. This is the fourth New York Hotel I’ve stayed in and I would rank it as a middle of the road sort of place. The room was spacious enough, though the decor tired and in need of refurbishment. There was a stale smell in the room, coming from either the carpets or air-conditioning system. Given I’d had to take a 15 hour flight to NYC, I didn’t have the energy to ask for a change in room. The TV remote control was in a fairly dirty condition, being sticky (the thought of what was stuck to it fills me with terror!) and having had most of it's lettering rubbed off. The bedside light switch control box was in a similar sorry state. In fact, I was woken up 2x during the middle of one night by the lights switching themselves on. Luckily, the hotel management discovered that it had been due to an electrical fault in the control box, rather than my room being haunted! Being a lone businessman with a tight schedule, I often find myself getting back late and eating in the room when im away on trips(what a sad life). The room service was fairly efficient, though menu limited in choice and dull in taste. The food selection was also not cheap! The main plus point for the hotel was that the location was convenient for business and shopping in the mid-town area. The staff service was also better than the average in New York. Ranking the Palace versus the other hotel's i've stayed in so far in New York, I would say it is superior to the Waldorf Astoria (where the room size and condition was even worse), but lower than the Ritz Carlton, which I thought was excellent..... I cant remember the 4th place, but it wasn’t good. In terms of my own personal global rankings im still yet to find any hotel in the US that can touch anything in Asia in terms of quality and service. The only one which comes close in my opinion is the Mandarin Oriental in San Fransisco.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great stay in NYC	Loved the Palace. Stayed for three nights with the wife and 9yo kid on the 39th floor - incredible city views - executive lounge was great for breakfast, light lunch and snacks during the day, drinks and desserts at night - made the huge hotel seem small and private club-like. Food was good, also. Staff in the executive lounge were great, friendly and helpful, and the free computer usage was really convenient and useful. Room was a nice size - beds very comfortable. Cute little kid's sized plush terry robe was provided for my daughter. Bathroom, although small - was still nice. Great shower pressure and water temp. Small stain spotted on the bedspead on check in was changed immediately. Otherwise, the room was very clean.After a day of shopping, the nightly turn-down staff (inadvertently we think) threw out some boxes and bags that held unopened purchases - specifically most of the stuff that we bought for our daughter to go with her new American Girl doll. As soon as we noticed, we called the front desk. Security was at our door in minutes, and they quickly found all of the items in a sealed trash bag. We really appreciated their quick response, their repeated and sincere apologies, and I was just glad that we got everything back as it saved me a return trip to the store!Staff throughout the hotel were extremely polite and helpful - from the front desk which quickly checked us in at 11 a.m., to the bell men and door men who got us cabs and town cars in seconds. Only minor disappointment was the gym, which, although nice, was smaller (and more crowded) than I had expected. It still was convenient though to be able to get in some sort of workout without having to leave the hotel.The hotel is in a most amazing and incredibly convenient mid-town location. Sure its expensive, but we'd stay again for sure!	
Jul 24 2008	loved the new york palace	We had an absolutely wonderful stay at the hotel in July. Wonderful staff from when we got out of the cab for our stay until we got back in a cab for our departure. Very friendly staff throughout. The room was wonderful, the bedding was extremely comfortable. We do not have a negative thing to say about our stay and we are hoping to be able to stay there again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Absolute luxury	Stayed at the hotel over the Easter weekend with 2 friends as a treat for my birthday. The hotel is fantastic. Really luxurious. The staff are very friendly and always helpful whether they are recommending places to visit or simply calling a taxi for you. The hotel rooms are lovely, huge tv, loads of room, very nice toiletries left every day in the bathroom, enormous fluffy white towels and the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. We were left chocolates every night and the night before Easter Sunday we were each left a Lindt Chocolate Bunny. Such a nice touch. The location is excellent on Madison Avenue between 50th and 51st and right opposite St Patricks Cathedral.I would love to go back again.!!!!	
Jul 22 2008 	Loved it	Had a super stay at the hotel, great service, rooms and staff indeed this hotel was the only good thing about New York.	
Jul 20 2008 	Good Hotel With A Touch Of Classic	based on a 4 nights stay.Good hotel. comfortable. classical style.reliable in most aspects. a pleasant stay overallUPs: location (madison, 49th)large roomsgeneral cleanlinesssuper bednice bathroomsgood service, quality of staff (turndown, newspapers, etc.)free wi fi in lobbynice ambiance (decors, salons, etc.)DOWNs:Lobby can be noisy and busy with touristswi fi in room is at charge but takes 20 mins to activate !! (just does not work)	
Jul 17 2008 	Worth the money - and great location and service.	My family and I spent a week at the Palace and from arrival to departure the staff could not have been more helpful. We were in the tower on the 49th floor - great room and view - spacious and fantastic beds and soft sheets. The bar is fantastic - a beutiful old gilt room - great for a pre-dinner drink or light food if you don't want to eat out. Lots of little extras and good turndown service with your icebucket filled. The rooms are expensive but worth the money and you can see that money has been spent on quality fittings and extras. To run a hotel of this size to this standard must take a good management team - I know as we own a hotel ourselves. I take my hat off the the staff - the whole experience was very professional. We then went on the Ritz Carlton in Miami - not a patch on the palace and very money grabbing with lots of hidden costs and food and drinks were very expensive for the quality.	
Jul 17 2008 	Glam New York Palace	We stayed here for 5 nights over the New Year period. This hotel is simply superb. From the moment we stepped out of our cab, we experienced true 5 star service throughout.The rooms are huge. Ours directly overlooked St Patrick's Cathedral and in fact, we could see all the way down to the Hudson river. The beds are extremely comfortable, there is plenty of storage space and the bathrooms are also nice.For me it comes back to the service though. We were celebrating a birthday during our stay and before leaving the UK, I contacted the hotel via their online concierge. I wanted to book a table at an exclusive restaurant, so exclusive in fact that it does not have a telephone number. You normally have to arrive at about 6.30pm and hope! I still thought it was worth a shot and to my surprise, the concierge came through for us. We had a fantastic time.If you are after exceptional service and old style glamour, then this hotel could be perfect for you.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great hotel superb location	A very comfortable Hotel in mid Manhattan. Ideal location with most attractions within easy walking distance. Probably the most helpful and friendly doormen outside of Dubai.Rooms very comfortable indeed	
Jul 13 2008 	fantastic great location helpful staff	If you are going to NY and want to stay centrally.. this is the perfect choice.Really nice location in central Manhatten, very helpful service and staff all incredibly nice. Try and stay in a room as high as possible for the better views.Easy to walk around Manhatten for Shopping, Broadway and SightseeingNot the cheapest, but one has to be one of the nicest	
Jul 12 2008 	A worthy 5 star	Wow what a great hotel. I stayed here on business and all I can say is that is was one of the best hotels I have stayed at. While the room was definitely above average, it was the service that blew me away. I would definitely stay here again. We stayed on the 21st floor and had a nice sized room. I had no problems with air quality or attentiveness of the staff (and I called them a few times as I left some items at home). Also, everytime I saw a staff person they asked if I needed anything and how my day was going. Overall a great hotel, and it was a nice change from the standard NYC hotel.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great location great staff but getting tired	We were quite excited when we booked to stay at the Palace. Many of our high-end business colleagues had been long time fans and our expectations were set sky high.We were therefore a little surprised to find a grand hotel becoming a little tired around the edges. The rooms need a spruce up and the bathrooms need replacing. Similarly, the public areas had seen better days and the spa was worth a miss.On the plus side, the staff were incredible and the mid-town location is outstanding. The Gilt restaurant is really very good and the bar area trendy and Manhattanesque.For business travellers, the executive lounge is good with three pc's, large enough to avoid overcrowding and with plentiful food and drink (although my wife [--] about the fake champagne).All in all it's good, but not perhaps as great as it once was. We will nevertheless return in October.	
Jul 12 2008 	New York Palace - breathtaking	This hotel is breathtaking in nearly every way. We stayed for 4 nights in February. The view from our room was stunning, looking directly over St Patrick's cathedral. Our room was large and very comfortable. The concierge service is first class. They will help you with whatever query you have. The doormen were courteous and were very understanding when my cousin, a New Yorker, came to pick us up on several occasions. They minded his car, parked directly on the doorstep! If it is raining the doormen come to greet you from the car with an umbrella! I was less than impressed by the breakfast restaurant. It lets the hotel down. Almost all of the waiters are only interested in their tips! We waited longer than we should to be offered juice and coffee 3 out of 4 mornings. They were slow to offer refills.I felt that American guests , particularly business men, received better service.Our breakfast was included in our room rate. It was very unclear if we could choose to a certain value or if we could only have the american breakfast. The orange juice, when we got it, was the best I have ever tasted. The food was generally good. Be prepared to tip everyone for the slightest thing they do for you! They almost hold their hands out. This really annoyed me. I know it is appropriate to tip and I always do, when the service warrants it. Room service, which I only ordered once for a treat, was very expensive. $22 dollars for a coffee. Apart from this, the hotel is stunning.	
Jul 9 2008 	Fabulous Service Unbeatable Location	First and foremost, the service at the New York Palace is fabulous. From the concierge to the laundry service and everyone in between, the staff was helpful, efficient, friendly and made us feel at home. The housekeeping staff was wonderful. We enjoyed the nightly turn down service as well as an exceptionally clean room and bathroom. If we needed anything, all we had to do was ask and our needs were met quickly and with a smile.Our room was on the 20th floor overlooking St. Patrick's Cathedral... a beautiful view. We all spent a lot of time looking out the large window. The bed and linens were very nice and were changed daily. We enjoyed being able to control the lights from the bedside table with a touch of a button. The bathroom was clean and nicely appointed and served our purposes well. We loved having a really great shower head and plenty of hot water. A vent fan would have been welcome addition.The elevators were fast and we never waited more than a few seconds to go up or down. Fresh flowers were displayed in the lobby which is beautifully decorated and well-kept. The historical aspects of the building appealed to us... The original part was built in the 1880's.If we could change anything at all about our stay, we would have to agree with other reviewers that the breakfast was expensive, but not of excellent quality. The service in the mornings seems a bit harried... Some things were very good, while others were just mediocre... not quite worth the steep prices. We did have one supper at Itsana and thought it was very good and the service was perfect. One of the most outstanding qualities of the NY Palace is the location. We were very pleased with the fact that we were able to walk almost everywhere we went. We were adventurous and took the subway once and there is a terminal just a minute or two from the hotel. We look forward to returning to the NY Palace in the future and have already recommended it to friends.	
Jul 9 2008 	Outstanding Service	I consider myself a world traveler. This hotel was outstanding for my stay from July 3 through July 7, 2008. Service could not be better. e.g.---I called from the lobby for ice to be sent to my room.By the time I got up to my room on the 33rd floor, the ice was there. The amenities were quite perfect. The Istana for breakfast, the bar in the late evening, the front desk, the houskeepers,the concierge desk---were all eager to please and I hope to return to the Palace again. It was my first stay. No matter where I was in the hotel, all employees seemed to stop and say &quot;Hello and can I help you? &quot; The training of staff must be a huge task......and successful.I was able to get a good rate including breakfast for a 4 day weekend by calling the hotel directly. Our daily breakfast would have been quite costly (in my standards) if we had not had a package....	
Jul 4 2008	Overall good effort. Even in New York...	For years the primary corporate hotel of a former employer, the Palace is where I sent and visited clients and family. After finally staying there myself for a week, I can report back favorably (and disagree with my mother's bellyaching circa 2002). It costs a lot at rack rate but the Palace delivers comfortable rooms and consistent service.Being a hotel guest in a city you've lived in for a long period is not representative of the typical traveler's experience. Expectations are higher because you know how to do things yourself, yet requirements are actually lower for the same reason. What impressed me under these conditions was how the Palace avoided the pitfalls of some other New York hotels I have suffered through: the staff were attentive rather than apathetic, the facilities were meant to be used e.g. the well-appointed gym, and the room was properly maintained and showed no ill side effects from its advanced age.The location is perhaps the biggest positive in what is clearly a top choice for both business and leisure travelers. I noticed a significant number of Spanish-speaking guests and I could see that many staff were equipped to serve them in their own language. This speaks well of the way in which the hotel is managed. It may not be a true luxury hotel, but neither are its rates. That suited me just fine, and I will be back for personal travel as well as for business.	
Jun 29 2008 	Don't bother	Think long and hard before choosing this hotel for your stay in New York. We stayed in the Towers section of the hotel. On the positive side, the rooms were huge, and there was never a crowd at either the front desk or the conceirge desk for the towers rooms (very different than the complete chaos in the other section of the hotel). The rooms were dusty and had an &quot;old building&quot; musty smell that they tried to mask with their cleaning supplies; we switched rooms to one which was somewhat (but not completely) better, but not what I would expect from a hotel with this rating. The manager was very courteous and was clearly trying to please (however, trying to get in touch with the front desk/manager was near impossible as the &quot;guest service&quot; line wasn't answered until after at least 20 rings.Don't bother with the included breakfast option- service was horrible, and the food not much better. Soggy toast, no butter, cold and slimy eggs, etc. There were many plates hardly touched going back as they cleared tables around us. Service and attentiveness at breakfast was at best a 2/10 (ie., very little chance at getting a refill on your coffee.)Having stayed at several other hotels that are part of the &quot;Leading Hotels of the World&quot; network, this hotel isn't close to that league.	
Jun 23 2008 	Top Tier Hotel	The New York Palace is the perfect choice for a trip to midtown Manahattan, especially if you're planning to see a Broadway show or doing business in midtown.I rarely notice much about the staff at a hotel one way or the other. As a general rule I check in and that's the last I see of them. However, on this trip it was hard not to notice how helpful the staff was. Each time I passed a hotel employee he or she said hello and asked if everything was alright. If you went out on the street to get a cab the bellman would ask if you wanted a cab, if he could help with directions, etc. When it rained they offered an umbrella, etc. All in all the service was great.The room was very nice. It was the configuration of a standard hotel room, but had a very nice interior. The bed was quite comfortable and there was a nightly turn-down service.The bathroom had good water pressure, standard towels and nice toiletries. The room had very nice lights including reading lights above the bed. They could all be controlled, along with the air conditioning and the &quot;privacy please sign&quot;, from the hotel bed.I had a very nice view of St. Patrick's Cathedral from my room. The hotel is a block from a good number of stores, including Saks Fifth Avenue. It's a short walk to Rockefeller Center, a bit longer walk to Broadway, and within walking distance of Central Park. A cab over to Broadway is quite easy and inexpensive. All in all, this hotel is an excellent choice for a trip to New York.	
Jun 19 2008 	Enjoyable stay brilliant location	We stayed at the Palace Hotel for 3 nights in May. We booked a standard double room but had requested a room with a nice view (as it was our anniversary). We were allocated a nice room on the 28th floor with huge windows overlooking St. Patrick’s Cathedral. The room was quite spacious and nicely furnished with two queen beds (very comfortable indeed!) and a decent bathroom. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is perfectly located for shopping, Central Park, Broadway etc. and we walked to most places from the hotel. The staff were very helpful (and sent up complimentary strawberries for our anniversary which was a nice touch) and the public areas were pleasant although not huge given the size of the hotel. We ate in Gilt, the hotel‘s fine dining restaurant; the set menu was $82 per head and the food was beautifully presented, the service was outstanding (without being fussy) and the panelled dining room felt quite small and intimate.On the downside, room service is really expensive and there were no tea-making facilities in the room although there’s no shortage of Starbucks nearby. American breakfast was included in our room rate (otherwise $32 per head) but we would have been disappointed if we had paid full price for this as the portions were not generous (and I speak as a female with a small appetite!) and the food was lukewarm at times. Also, breakfast is served in the lobby of the hotel; we enjoyed a spacious table on our first day but were wedged in banquette seating on the next days when you felt a bit self-conscious having a conversation with someone sitting so close to you. A couple of minor niggles… we wanted to use the internet for 5 minutes on our last day to check in for our flight. The business centre has a policy of a minimum 15 minute use of the internet costing $15. In the end, they agreed to let us have 5 minutes free but we would have expected limited internet use to be complimentary at a hotel of this class. Similarly, when I checked our credit card statement, the hotel had charged us for items from the mini bar which we hadn’t used at all. It took several emails to sort this out which was a bit frustrating given that it was a minimal amount relative to the cost of our stay. But, these are all small complaints, and we would definitely stay in this hotel again if we visited New York in the near future - although our perception of good value was definitely helped by the strength of the pound against the dollar….PS For people from overseas not used to added tax, we were charged an additional $55 per room per night in various taxes on checkout (not included in our Opodo package).	
Jun 11 2008 	Great location-but an expensive cuppa Joe!	Fabulous hotel. Attentive hotel staff. Very convenient location.So-So- food and room service. Very expensive---If my memory serves me right I paid $8.00 for a cup of coffee. I would stay there again but not eat or drink there.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good Choice	Recently stayed four nights at the New York Palace.Location is faultless.Check in was quick and efficient although charmless. Receptionists face might have cracked if she'd smiled! Was given a room with the iconic view over St. Patrick's Cathedral so all was forgiven! Room was palatial and very comfortable. Exceptional beds with premium linens and plenty of closet space, large flat screen TV and good quality toiletries in the bathroom. Bathroom was not as palatial or luxurious as room which was a little disappointing but it all worked very well and nothing was lacking, plenty of towels too, if a little thin. They don't seem too bothered by the environment here though as they changed towels (and bedding) every day whether needed or not. Turn down service was very professional.Avoided breakfasts having read previous reviews but the astronomical cost was off putting anyway. This seemed not a problem to a lot of people as there were lengthy queues for breakfast each morning. We used the numerous delis surrounding the hotel to get a take away breakfast to eat in the room - sounds tacky but we were by no means not alone in doing this either!Public space is limited and rather gloomy being in the original mansion but still very impressive. It frequently got very crowded and uncomfortable. We had dinner in Gilt, the hotel's 'signature' restaurant also located in the mansion part of the hotel. There were seven of us and the service was attentive, presentation very good and there was an astronomical bill at the end and I thought quite frankly not worth it.However, enjoyed the stay and would recommend without hesitation.	
Jun 4 2008 	LOVED THE PALACE!!	Stayed at the palace for four nights and had an amazing experience. Yes, it was expensive (average $500 per night, not to mention nearly $60 per night in room taxes!), but for NYC it was not unreasonable. I LOVED the room, loved the location, loved the service we received. Everything was first class. It was a special occasion and I asked for a nice room - they told me to reserve a corner King room with a view of the cathedral. It was about $50 more per night than the standard room but it was well worth it. I asked for a room on a high floor since I am sensitive to sounds at night. They gave us a lovely room on the 28th floor - it was quiet and quite large - 350 sq ft. The bathroom was marble and everything was very clean. They brought a complimentary cake to the room since I had told them we were celebrating my birthday. The bed was soooo comfortable. All in all, a great stay. I would love to stay there again someday.	
Jun 4 2008 	great hotel	just returned from this hotel everything about it was fabulous booked 2 rooms for 2 adults 2 teenagers on arrival we were given free upgrades to rooms on the 31st floor with stunning views of st pats cathedral, rockerfellar centre, times square, even right down to the hudson river also loved location would certainly stay here again	
Jun 3 2008 	Excellent location	The Palace's mid-town location is perfect for visiting Fifth Avenue and Rockefeller Center and offers relatively easy-access to Broadway (10-15 min walk.) Their package which includes parking and breakfast is great and they've always let us check in early. Also, concierge very helpful making &quot;special&quot; dinner reservations.	
May 30 2008 	Loved the NY Palace	We spent two nights at the NY Palace and it was fabulous.I pre-booked (and paid extra for) rooms with a view of St Pats – I have to say I’m so glad I did, as I would have been disappointed to get there and not have ‘that view’ – even though we didn’t spend a great deal of time in the rooms it was worth it (so I would recommend doing this for $35 extra per night).From the moment we arrived to the moment we left the whole experience was special &amp; we were made to feel that way.Check in was speedy and we were taken to our rooms on the 29th Floor – wow.The rooms were perfect – but I guess you expect that for what you pay. They were spacious and spotless with very comfortable beds.The location of the hotel is excellent too, you’re close to everything, but feel like you’re a little bit out of the hustle behind the courtyard.All of the staff we dealt with were genuinely helpful – although if there is a downside it was that you felt that you had to tip EVERYONE – now I know that’s quite normal in the US, but I felt a bit tired of it when one guy gets you bags from the car to reception, then another guy takes them from reception to the room – this could cost a fortune in tips ; )We didn’t eat in the hotel as we were out and about all the time – we also declined the $37 breakfast in favour of a local diner for $7 – ummm ….. but each to their own, we quite enjoyed having breakfast with the locals.Anyhow, we loved it and would definitely stay here again.	
May 29 2008 	Welcoming and acommodating	We traveled with our 2 yr old and wherever we were in the hotel, she was greeted and welcomed. The Executive Lounge is a great benefit. The locker rooms were comfortable, even though the gym was a bit small if you did not want to work out on machines. We would definitely return for their service and the midtown location.	
May 27 2008 	Amazing Hotel Amazing Location Amazing Service	My Wife and I went to NYC for our Honeymoon and we stayed at hotel for 4 nights. We got there four hours before check-in because we wanted to check out the city. We expected to just check our bags and walk around the city. When we went to ask where to check our bags, the lady at the front desk asked us to wait to see if our room was available. IT WAS! Here is the catch, the bellhop told us that they typically only do this for first time patrons. You usually have to pay for your room if you arrive early. So they called a bellhop over to help us with our bags. Some typical, and what I first assumed, empty conversation occurred. We told him, Brian, that we were on our honeymoon as we waited for the elevator to take us to our room. He then looked down the room number and told us he'd be right back. About 10 minutes passed and I was getting kind of mad that he was taking so long. He finally came back and told us he had a surprise. We moved up to the 23rd floor (from the 17th) and to the other side of the building. Brian told us that our first room would've faced a big brick wall. This new room had a magnificent view of St. Patricks (which is right across the street). The room was HUGE. and the maid service was amazing. The only thing I did not like price of the room service (but hey, it is that kind of place).We booked our stay on the hotel website. We got a discounted rate and one night free. $1600 was our final bill. $400 a night - not bad at all. Great location too! right on Madison between 50th and 51st	
May 27 2008 	Nice stay at the Palace	Managed to get a good rate with breakfast with Expedia for Memorial Day weekend.The NYP is a great hotel with a good location. The room was large with an even larger TV. I had breakfast in my room every morning and it was very nice. However the breakfast is $120.00 for 2 people if it is not included in the rate which is very expensive. The only negative with this hotel are the extras as others have pointed out. Car parking was $60.00 a day and a drink being $8.00. I also called for a taxi to Newark airport and the hotel said they could arrange one for $170.00. I took a yellow cab for $70.00 in the end. I stayed at the Sofitel last July and would probably go back to the Sofitel next time as I found it better overall, however the NYP would come a close 2nd.	
May 26 2008 	Good 4 * Hotel in NYC	Stayed for four nights on a family trip to NYC - picked this hotel based on TripAdvisor ratings. Good sized room (incl large bathroom) for central New York and well placed for everything you'd want to do on a short trip. Staff mixed - some very friendly and helpful, others a little bit cold. Have stayed in top hotels around the world, both on business and vacation - this is a good 4* hotel but a good bit short of 5*.	
May 23 2008 	Loved It! You Get What You Pay For	It's expensive, but I saved some money using Travelocity. In New York, you have to pay for space, and at the Palace Hotel you get it. Our room was roomy, completely quiet, and immaculate, with windows that actually open (a crack), and a large bathroom (has anyone found a hotel room with a big bathroom in NYC for under $500?). Beds totally comfortable. Incredible view of St. Patrick's cathedral, awesome location near EVERYTHING. Giant hotel lobby with comfy chairs and piano player adds to the experience - much more fun than places with depressing front desk area. Hotel has a ridiculously expensive gourmet restaurant, and an expensive excellent restaurant. Internet access $16, glass of orange juice $10, in-room movie an insane $25 - pick your extras carefully. Staff extra polite to the point of being frightening. Disliked: room was somewhat hot even with AC on, and bathroom had no fan / vent.	
May 22 2008 	Very Elegant	We stayed at the Palace prior to a NYC cruise departure. There was not one thing we did not like about this property. The location is fantastic; the hotel is within walking distance of many of NY’s most popular attractions. The room was clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. We had an amazing view of St. Patrick’s Cathedral. All the staff could not have been more friendly and charming. Ana at the front desk sent us a bottle of wine because it was our anniversary; very thoughtful and a complete surprise. We had only one minor problem; for some unexplained reason the (flat screen) TV would randomly turn off and would not turn on again. We took it as a sign we should be wasting our time watching TV in such an exciting place. This is a premier property and it is clear that the staff truly cares about the comfort of their guests and is committed to providing world class service.	
May 20 2008 	Incredible	This is an incredible hotel with beautiful and tasteful decor. Go to the restaurant/bar- it's stunning. The staff are so friendly- not pretentious or stuck-up like many other posh hotels. I couldn't believe how helpful they were. Also, it was completely quiet in our room (no sound of traffic, etc.) which is not always the case with central hotels. I would stay here again and recommend it to everyone. Also, it's a great place for a romantic weekend.	
May 20 2008 	Super Super Super!!!!!	Just returned recently from the New York Palace after a four night stay. The check in was quick and efficient. The rooms were fabulous. All lights could be turned off from the bed!! ( Very handy ! ). The bedrooms are beautifully decorated, spotless and have the most comfortable beds. On our first night a selection of fruit , cheese and a nicely worded birthday card was left for my husband as our visit was to celebrate his 40th birthday. Turn down service at night and the radio turned on playing soothing music was welcoming after a night out. The staff were very pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. Location is great, with fabulous shops a few steps away. The New York Palace is a fantastic place to stay. Book now , you won't be disappointed.	
May 19 2008 	The best hotel in NYC!!!!	This was my wife's 1st time to the city and our 7th wedding anniversary. The staff was terrific! Everything was smooth from start to finish. When we checked in, our room was ready earlier than expected. We had a wonderful man check us in and out of your establishment. He was very kind. We loved the chocolate covered strawberries that were brought up to our room for our anniversary. We were very suprised and thrilled. Our view was also amazing! They made this trip a special one.	
May 9 2008 	A Real Palace	The New York Palace is stunning in every way. The rooms are wonderful, really clean, spacious, and very comfortable, I can't fault them in any way. The staff are polite, helpful and although sometimes not overly friendly at first meeting, I found a smile from me went a long way towards making them smile more too! The location is fantastic, how near Sak's can you be? Central Park is a fifteen minute stroll away, Times square about ten minutes, and Rockefeller Centre literally across the road!Okay, it's expensive, but in this world you get what you pay for, and the Palace is definitely worth the cost!	
May 6 2008 	Best stay in a New York hotel	I stayed in the Palace during the last days of April, together with my husband, our son and his wife. We had reserved two bedrooms in the tower section of the hotel. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite, which was fantastic and very big, with terrific views. The service was just incredible, everything we asked for we got it in no time, even a microwave!! We were assigned a butler (?) who showed us to the room. His name was Papa and was extremely kind and competent, and made our stay totally enjoyable. The only &quot;but&quot; is the price of the breakfast. Completely outrageous! But there are plenty of restaurants around. So, no big problem!Location of the hotel could not be better. We were walking almost everywhere. Check-in and check-out were very quick. And during our stay the staff seam to know us because everyone addressed to us by our names! So we hope to come back to this magnificent city very soon and stay again in the Palace.	
May 3 2008 	So called luxury with a huge price	First of all I have to say that the lobby was astonishing. Unfortunately other things about this hotel weren't as good. The staff was extremely friendly. Friendly to the point that it seemed extremely fake. There was one exception: at the business center we got treated extremely coldly and arrogantly.I have been travelling around the world a lot and I have to say that the worst and the most expensive breakfast that I have ever had was served here. First the quality of the food, just horrible. I only once tried the continental breakfast which was included in our fare. It Included The worst tasting muffin I have ever had with few croissants. All this for a ridiculous price of 50 dollars for two (plus tax + 15% service). So after that horrible experience we tried the American breakfast. Not much better but at least you got your stomach full and of course had to pay more (64 dollars for 2 plus tax + 15% for the service). The scrambled eggs were tasteless and about half of the time cold. They were overcooked all the time. The potato rosti they had was also cold almost every time. And everything needed salt and pepper to taste anything at all. You would expect the food to be better quality or at least fresh when they prepare it just for you. Or that they should be doing but the quality of the food tells otherwise. Every breakfast buffet even in the cheapest hotels has been so much better than this. For me good food means better mood. So my every morning was ruined with this junk.We had our room in the 21st floor. It was a corner room so very spacious and nice. There was nothing spectacular though. The bathtub was small for two people. So no romantic baths together. The main complaint about the room was noise. The street below is very busy so bring your earplugs. I think the noise isn't that much of a problem higher up. Now that we are complaining I must add that the TV was extremely poor quality. The image was extremely distorted at the sides. I wouldn't expect poor quality in a 5 star place.As an American Express Platinum/Centurion cardholder do not expect too much of the room upgrade promised in the Fine Hotels &amp; Resort -program. Although the hotel had a higher catecory rooms available we weren't upgraded to that (only given &quot;spacious corner room&quot;). After complaining about it they promised to upgrade us to higher room gategory but no amenities included in that room gategory wouldn't be given. So in our case it would have meant only a smaller room few floors higher up. So we decided not to 'upgrade'.So if you have plenty of money to waste and don't mind spending like crazy then this is your place. But if you want value for your money then you could choose so much better. One example of their outrageous prices was the use of internet. 19 dollars for 5 minutes of internet + 2 prints. One last warning that I can't emphasize enough. Avoid breakfast here at all cost!	
Apr 30 2008 	Great but not the same	This was my second stay at this propert y and although the structure is beautiful and magnificent in its own right. the service the second time around left much to be desired especially after how well me and my fiancee were treated during our initial stay back in february. The difference was clear from the moment we arrived. Our first time there, there was a bell hop ready to help us with our luggage to the front desk and then get us to our rooms in comfort. This time around we were left to fend for ourselves.The evening turn down service is nice but we had a dandy of a time trying to find where the cleaning lady left the pillows (they were hidden behind the curtains). My next complaint was with the concierge, who you would think would be somewhat knowlegeable with the local area but when asked for a good place for an informal brunch type breakfast he was at a loss. They push their restaurant on you and the food is above average but the prices are astronomical and the portions are miniscule. Luckily I found a great place called Murals on 54 that serves a fantastic continental breakfast buffet for around 20 dollars and its just a short walk away at 65 west 54th street. Another peeve was that although there are all these options when you book as to what floor you are on and the bed selection they told us when we got there that they did not guarantee the bed selection (and yes i went directly though the hotel.) So be wary that if you only book one room and plan on having two queens beds between you and your travel mate, guess what you may be spending some time closer than you think. The rooms however are consistenly some of the cleanest around and yes I would gladly stay ath the Palace again, and hope the visit resembles my frist more than my second.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Hotel poor Breakfast and Drinks service	I checked all the websites for the best price then called the hotel directly and they were cheaper and included free american breakfast!The hotel is great, large room, beautiful lobby, convenient location.Negatives were, small bathroom, poor breakfast with small portions and lack lustre service.We were also disappointed when we ordered two Manhattan cocktails from the bar and they were so strong we could not drink them, so ordered a different cocktail and was still charged for the cocktails that we did not drink. Poor show.	
Apr 29 2008	great place for one luxurious night	If you can afford it, I was great. Got a &quot;deal&quot; of ONLY 395/night==415 after the Javits tax, etc. For one night arrive early and ask for late check out. There is a wonderful deli across Madison--Reuben's which can outfit you with great breakfasts and fresh soups that you can walk back with.	
Apr 23 2008 	This is the New York Experience you have been looking for	This hotel is an absolute gem. Classy from the word go and the epitome of five star service.The check-in area was fully staffed so we got seen to quickly, the luxurious room had a spectacular view and we just couldn't find fault with anything. My only minor gripe is the in-room charge for internet useage. If low-end hotels can give this away why not these guys? ($16 a day)We took advantage of their executive lounge and the food was excellent as was the free wine. The views from the 39th floor were again incredible. We also ate at 'Gilt' which was almost flawless marred only by the loud, boorish lot sitting right next to us. Food was unique though.A very special New York experience which I can't recommend highly enough.	
Apr 22 2008 	highly recommended	Stayed at this hotel with my husband for 6 nights at the end of March in an Executive room. I would thoroughly recommend the Executive rooms, as you have access to the Executive lounge for breakfast and snacks throughout the day. The room was clean, the staff very helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. My only moan would be that the bathroom was very small, and there was no extractor fan, therefore everywhere got steamed up. Also, we kept getting the smell of cigarette smoke coming through a small vent from guests in the smoking rooms which was awful.	
Apr 22 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We were going to New York to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. My husband booked the NY Palace directly and told them is was our anniversary and he wanted a good room. From the moment we arrived staff were friendly and courteous. Our room was on the 35th floor and it looked directly over St. Patricks Catheral, the view was just great. Our room was very big with Queen size bed, very comfortable. Shortly after we arrived room service arrived, the hotel management had sent up complimentary bottle of champagne and box of chocs, which I think was a very nice touch and very much appreciated. We stayed in NY for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it, its a great city. The hotel is in a perfect location, within easy reach of all main attractions and of course shopping. The concierge gave us very good advise on places to eat. Would definitely return to NY Palace when I come back to NY.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great hotel great location	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The location is great for sightseeing and shopping. The New York Palace is just one block from Fifth Avenue and Saks. Also Times Square, Central Park, the theatres on Broadway, Grand Central Station etc. is all within 10-15 min walk from the hotel. We had a standard deluxe room on the 22nd floor, with a lovely view towards Fifth Avenue, and St. Patrick's Cathedral. Our room was really spaceious, and had nice dark wood furniture as well as a really comfortable bed.The room had a marble bathroom, with tub, shower in tub, and one sink. It was clean and delicate, but not very modern in style. The marble was black/white, and the shower/toilet/sink all had gold details. So maybe a little bit outdated in style, but really nothing to complain about.All in all we loved this hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	This is the BEST!	This hotel lived up to all the reviews. We stayed for 4 nights in a deluxe room. My husband had emailed them a couple of days before to let them know it would be our 15th Wedding Anniversary. We were give an room with a wonderful view of St Pats Cathderal. On our 1st night they brought wine, cookies and the most wonderful chocolate dipped strawberries I have ever tasted!The conceige were fantastic and helped with EVERYTHING. Also any thing we asked for in the room was delivered in secondsThe location is great - basically I can not fault the hotel - the only small thing is maybe the bathroom fittings could be updated but that is a really small issue.Can't wait to go back!	
Apr 14 2008	NY Palace Great!	This is a wonderful hotel. We enjoyed everything about it. The rooms are very spacious, clean, and comfortable. The hotel staff treats the guests wonderfully. The view of St. Pat's is amazing. The hotel is also located around many attractions and easy to get around. I would recommend staying here to anyone.	
Apr 14 2008 	loved this hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 16 year old daughter.Check -in was very quick and a porter took us and our luggage to the 18th floor(not that we had much luggage as it was left in Terminal 5 at Heathrow only to be returned 2 weeks later)The view was ok , not on the cathedral side but that was fine. The room was very well appointed and the beds were extremly comfortable. We were out most days so the hotel was really only used for sleeping in and we didn't eat in the resturants.It was very handy for the Rockefellar Centre, Saks 5th Ave , Tiffanys etc .We were there for 4 days and loved it .Be wary of taxis back to the airport and ask the price before you get in .We paid $85 to get to Newark and we are sure that was too much as the driver was asking us how much we had paid when we arrived but we pre-paid our transport in the UK and naivelly told him this.All told a great experience and would most definately go back to this hotel	
Apr 9 2008 	Stellar Service!	We had a wonderful trip to NYC - a huge part of which was due to the wonderful staff at the NYP. Ava at Reservations, Don the Bellhop, George the concierge, Carolyn...you can count on these people to make your stay a special experience. Nothing was too much trouble, even for disorganised travellers like us. Thank you so much staff of the NYP - every cent well spent. Alison &amp; Emma x	
Apr 4 2008 	loved New York Palace	we stayed with the whole family (4children age 8,12,14,16) for 6 days in this hotel and I really can recommend it. Our rooms where on the executive floors. Nice clean and spacious rooms with a beautifull view on St Patricks cathedral. with the executive rooms you have on the 39 floor a private floor where you have complimentary American breakfast. nice buffet (every day the same but enough choice of fresh fruits, eggs and pastries) .complimentary lunch is also a small buffet with delicious wraps and sandwiches, soup and dessert. really nice, meanly for businessmen but very comfortable for families also. great location on Madison avenue. Staff also very friendly and efficient. We definitely would go back!	
Apr 2 2008 	Luxurious Hotel and great location	We stayed at the New York Palace in a Deluxe room for a long weekend on March 28 to celebrate our 10th anniversary. The hotel is very luxurious and it has a great location close to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, St. Patricks Cathedral (back courtyard) and Starbucks.Rooms: The bathroom is oversized but I had a big problem with the vanity. It is so small my make up/toilettries did not fit much less my husbands. That wasn't a major inconvenience but I found it a little annoying. What I liked about the bathroom was the lighted make up mirror.The bed and pillows however were extremely comfortable! There was also a radio with a great selection of pre-saved music, which worked out great and we didn't have to set up our own music.The view of a water tower was not what I was excpecting but we were only on floor 11 so I imagine higher floors offer better views of the city.Ammenities: Internet was not free and I found the $16/day price excessive when many cheaper hotels offer this service for free. Parking is $50/day and payment can be included in the room bill, which I found very convenient.Tip: During dinner hours, you are better off hailing a cab from a half block away on Madison Ave than waiting at the lobby's exit, as taxi wait times can be a half hour. Not to mention you may have already just waited 10 minutes for a empty elevator to take you to the lobby.	
Mar 28 2008	Good Hotel for First Timers to NY	First ,the negative:I booked an executive corner room, and when we arrived we were allocated a room on the 33rd floor. The lock was broken on the door and so we had to wait a while to be given another room which was on the 27th floor.We were not happy with this as we were paying for the executive floors which are above the 31st floor . It was late and we were tired so we agreed to use that room for the night. The following morning we got a message to say we were now being allocated another corner room on the 35th floor. why am I complaining?well the attitude of the porter was unreal, he used rude words about the lock , he was argumentative with me when I expressed my unhapiness about the room and at no time were we given any apology by a member of management. We were charged full amount for the 5 nights we stayed there nevertheless a gesture of goodwill would have been nice.The positive. Excellent location, executive lounge very good for breakfast and snacks /drinks during the day. Great view especially for first timers like us.Clean and comfy beds. Only for the above I would have written a glowing report.	
Mar 27 2008 	Absolutely superb	My wife and I have just returned from a five night stay at the New York Palace. Even before we left the UK, the hotel was extremely helpful in answering our questions and booking restaurants etc, When we arrived, check-in was swift and friendly and within minutes were were in our thirtieth floor executive room, which was spacious, extremely comfortable and well equiped with fine views over St Patrick's Cathedral. I would strongly recommend the executive rooms as benefits include use of the executive lounge, which serves complimentary buffet breakfast, drinks, lunch time snacks, tea, evening snacks etc etc. We ate at the Gilt restaurant the first night and the food was superb by any standards. We found all the hotel staff friendly and efficient and the food excellent. The hotel is superbly located. My wife and I consider the hotel excellent value for money and strongly recommend it to anyone visiting New York. We can't wait to return	
Mar 27 2008 	Faultless experience beautiful hotel...........	Just returned from our first visit to New York and were totally thrilled with this hotel. From our initial check-in, I immediately knew we had made the right decision; charming staff, quick and faultless process, all requests met (non-smoking room, good view etc). The room itself was perfect - very nicely decorated, excellent size and totally spotless as well as a spectacular view overlooking St. Patrick's Catherdral. Our package included breakfast which is served until 11.00am, and was a real treat. Turn-down service included chocolate bunnies being left on our pillows (it was Easter after all!), and background music turned on for your arrival back at the room.The location was also perfect with a leisurely 15 minute stroll taking you to Central Park, and less than 5 mins onto 5th Avenue.If this hotel is available, I really wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. I can't imagine how the quality could be beaten, and at such reasonable rates ( we got 4 nights for the price of 3 as park of the New York Holiday Package). Don't bother wasting your time looking elsewhere - this is the tops!	
Mar 27 2008 	Adored the New York Palace	Visited New York for the first time last September and was more than delighted by the experience, especially the hotel. Staff were courteous, polite and very helpful. The room was superb in fact I could not fault this hotel in any way. I have travelled extensively throughout Europe and this was the best hotel to date.	
Mar 24 2008 	NY Palace is Awesome!	This hotel is awesome. I stayed here March 22-24, in town to see the Jersey Boys. This was a birthday trip for me, and the hotel had a birthday cake and fresh fruit for me when I checked in. I stayed on the executive level, and the lounge is to die for. The food and drinks, which are all complimentary for this level, were amazing. I look forward to staying here again!	
Mar 24 2008 	Perfect in every way	We try to get to New York a couple of times a year to shop. We almost always stay on Central Park, but decided to try the New York Palace. It was definitely a good decision to try this excellent hotel. Check-in and check out: We arrived at about 11 am and they were able to check us in and provide a room right away. The doormen and front desk personnel were very helpful and pleasant, and check in was a breeze. We checked out right at noon expecting that everyone would be doing the same. but we had no issue and were able to complete the transaction in minutes.The room: Space, comfort and traditional elegance. We booked a corner room, which at 350 sq ft, was large by NY standards. It had a gorgeous view of the Cathedral, and windows on two sides. The bed was very comfortable - firm, but not overly so, and the bed and bath linens were very nice. The shower had great water pressure and Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries. Bedside controls for lights, temp and request for privacy. The room was quiet and we never heard any nosie at all from the street or other guest rooms. Instead of the keycards almost every hotel uses now, the Palace issues keys. I have no idea why this was such a nice surprise - maybe the novelty, maybe that it was that it was in line with the elegance of an earlier era. Hotel facilities: The fitness center and spa on the eighth floor featured cardio machines that look upon the Cathedral and are equipped with individual cable tv screens. They provide courtesy bottled water, earphones, towels and a full locker room. Though we brought our own, we were amused to find we could have borrowed athletic shoes and clothes had we forgotten them! The Gilt bar was quite an amazing mix of old and modern, with ornate high vaulted ceilings, and a thoroughly modern bar featuring a lighted scuplture behind one end. We ate room service breakfast, which was quite good (and available as part of a package.) Elevators were a bit slow at 'rush hour' but that is nothing different than most high-rise hotels.Location: It is a block from Saks and a short walk to some of the best of Fifth Avenue, including Henri Bendel and Bergdorf Goodman. But it is a bit of a walk to Barneys and the higher end boutiques on Madison Ave. Overall: This hotel was elegant, comfortable and provided understated service. They offered varied rates and packages that were on par with similarly rated and located hotels. We could find no fault with this hotel whatsoever and look forward to visiting again.	
Mar 23 2008	Great hotel Great experience	Upon arrival at the hotel we were checked in very quickly and given a room upgrade and shown to our room, Our luggage arrived promptly and all room services explained. Once we got over the tipping culture in this sort of hotel (a $ or 2 for moving suitcase a few yards and hailing a cab etc) the stay was an absolute pleasure. The room was well appointed, clean, tidy and we had an exceptional view. All staff were polite, friendly and very helpful. If/when we return to New York we would use this hotel again as it has a great central location for all attractions, great rooms (good size for NY), service and ammenities.	
Mar 20 2008 	Fantastic Palace	Just back from a long weekend over Paddy's day and this hotel is up there with some of the finest i have ever stayed in. The staff were all more than happy to help and always met us with a smile.The hotel is fantastically placed 1 block from 5th Avenue and about 5 mins from Central Park.Food was excellent, however, we preferred to eat out just to make the most of the trip.Great hotel but look around the web and see if you cant get it any cheaper than you find at first	
Mar 12 2008 	Absolutely Loved it!	My husband and I stayed there for our tenth anniversary in January and are heading back this weekend. The staff was amazing! My hats off to Stephanie (Towers Front Desk Agent), David (Towers Concierge) and Brian (bellman). They went over and above to make our stay special. The rooms are large and beautiful and the beds were amazingly comfortable for us. Our room overlooked St. Pats and we could see the ice rick at Rockefeller Center. This was a great location because we could walk to so many tourist spots. Room service was quick and tasty, staff extremely helpful and pleasant and the hotel a hidden gem.I highly recommend this hotel!!	
Mar 5 2008 	Perfect Location...Best Beds in the City!!	Arrived Sunday at noon and room was ready. Stayed till Wednesday 3/5. stayed on 22nd floor overlooking St Pats. Just past St Pats is Rockafellar (sp?) Center. You can see both clearly and they are a VERY short walk away from the hotel. the photos of the hotel are nice but they do not do it justice. The lobby area is busy but maintains a crisp look throughout the day. Management at this hotel is to be commended for its cleanliness!! The location of The Palace is among the best. You are 3-4 blocks over from Time Square, 5-6 blocks south of Central Park, across the street from St Pats, 1 block down from The Rock...Easy walk to get a cup of coffee and check out the Today show....I know..it sounds goofy but I have to say it was cool having coffee at Dean and Daluca and checking out Ann Curry and Al Roker...More so Ann Curry! There are 5 star restaurants nearby and neighborhood deli's around each corner. Easy to eat for $8 or $80.The absolute best part of The Palace was the bedding. I am not sure what they use or exactly how they get the bed just right but they have perfected it. The pillows are full but not too hard. The sheets are crisp and the comforters just the right weight. The room temperature was easy to control from the bedside table. Another neat feature that is not always found in 5 star hotels is lighting controls for the entire room on the bedside table. This place is hitting on all cylinders. All things considered..location, things to do, cleanliness, comfort, service, and anything else you can imagine, this could be the best overall hotel I have ever experienced.	
Mar 5 2008 	Lovely hotel and great location	Just got back from the new york palace. Stayed for 4 nights in one of their standard rooms which I have to say for new york was very good lots of space and very comfy bed. If you are undecided whether to stay in the standard or executive room I would go standard. You only miss out on a view and a breakfast. We got a very good rate with hotels.com €254 + tax. As mentioned before the hotel is perfectly located. We ate out the whole time we were there as there is so much to choose from. If you like your breakfasts and want to treat yourself, book the BLT market restaurant at the ritz on central park south. Its not cheap but is worth every penny. Breakfast was the best I ever had. Also for all steak lovers there is nowhere else but Peter Lugers in Brooklyn (15 min taxi ride). We were told this would be the best steak we ever had, having been told that about Smith &amp; Wollenskys (very poor), I was a bit skeptical but they were right. Melt in the mouth so please do take a trip there but be warned you have to book a few weeks in advance, we could only get a late table on a sunday night, apparently very hard to get a fri or sat. The Gilt bar at the hotel is nice for a cocktail before heading out to dinner. We didnt eat there but it looked very nice.I would stay at the palace again, I found little to complain about. The check in area and part of the lobby needs a bit of an update but overall you will be very pleased. Enjoy.	
Mar 2 2008 	Fantastic Palace !!!	I booked this hotel based on the strength of tripadvisor reviews.My son , age 15 and i stay at the Palace for 5 nights . Good value for money.Room size is very nice , large .And the exec lounge.......Good american breakfast , light lunch , and evening hors d`oeuvresjust fantastic. It was worth the money . We ate allso in the Gilt . It was very good food , and the serviceis impeccable.We had 5 courses menu + wines . Great....Doormens are so terrific , as were all of the hotels othess staff . Except one waiter in restaurant Istana . We must wait too longtime our food and the bill too.Palace was just great...	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. Wasn't expecting too much after paying such a good rate on one of the last minute sites. After reading so many complaints about thin walls and noisy streets in a lot of the NY hotels, we were pleasantly surprised to find not only was the room quiet, but also extremely large for a deluxe. Add to that, a 42&quot; plasma and a great view of St Patrick's church and we really couldn't ask for more.My only complaint was that the service wasn't great. When we first arrived, they didn't help us with our luggage from the taxi and they didn't offer to bring the luggage up to our rooms. The lady that served us was also rather moody and didn't raise a smile thoughout the whole checking in process. Having said that, we were more than happy to carry our own luggage to our rooms as it meant we didn't have to tip anyone. But for those who expect this kind of service for a 5 star, be prepared to carry your own bags. Overall though, if I did come back to NY, I would be more than happy to stay here again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	The hotel was fantastic, the staff were very friendly. I e-mailed the hotel prior to arriving to ask if it was possible for a room with a view of the cathedral as it was my boyfriends 30th and wanted to make it special, they upgraded us for free to a larger room and the view was amazing - they even left a birthday cake in the room. We didn't eat at the hotel as there were plenty of choices around. Would stay there again. We had a late flight back home and the hotel looked after our luggage and offered us a room to freshen up before we left for the airport. The location is ideal - within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park, Empire state.....	
Feb 28 2008 	A true palace in New York City	This hotel is surely a palace, with the ultimate in customer service. My husband and I were treating my parents to the opera and overnight. Not only did the valet remember my husbands full name, but in addition the valet introduced himself to my parents, got there sir name and rememberd that at check out. The hotel rooms are large for NYC. The location cannot be beat. I would suggest asking for the bed and breakfast package, as this includes a full American breakfast in addtion to overnight valet partking. Treat yourself, you are worth it!	
Feb 28 2008 	Fab weekend	This hotel was recommended to me by my agent and although a little more than I wanted to spend I'm so glad I did. From the moment I walked through the door this hotel made me feel good. The room was newly decorated, large and luxurious. The guy that showed me to the room was welcoming and proud of his hotel. Lovely bathroom, big comfortable bed with the softest sheets and a great TV. They even brought me a DVD player within 5 mins of requesting it. Best hotel i've stayed in New York. Great location too.	
Feb 27 2008 	Way Nicer Than Expected!	Did an overnight here last month with my nine-year-old daughter. As a former NYC resident for 16 years, I was completely predisposed to stay at the Four Seasons until I checked on the prices--YIKES! Knowing that the location of the Palace would be terriffic for our theater plans and shopping, I booked a standard room at the rate of $295--same price that I would get on one of the travel sites, and less than half of what they were getting at the Four Seasons. Valet parking and check in were friendly and efficient. Room was a bit on the small side, but offered lovely views over St. Patrick's from the 24th floor. Bed was fluffy and comfortable, and everything was very clean--trust me, I'm very picky on that account. Amazing concierge was able to score us a last-minute reservation at Bobby Flay's &quot;Bar American&quot;. Booked on a Saturday night at 5:30 for a 6:30 reservation. Impressive. Room service prices were what you'd expect for a major metropolitan hotel--we opted out of the $40 continental breakfast in favor of a quick bite at the Dean and Deluca in Rock Center.Overall this was a very pleasant experience and I would not hesitate to return to the NY Palace in the future.	
Feb 26 2008	Excellent. Highly Recommend. Yes expensive but worth it!	First, the breakfast. So many of the reviews focused on this, and missed the wonderful thoughts on the hotel. Yes, the breakfast is outrageously expensive. If it is not included in the room rate, then avoid. There are places nearby. If it is in the rate, go for it. It is very good (although the only option is the American Breakfast, but it comes with toast and croissants along with the eggs, etc). The line downstairs? Yes, but so what. We got around this (thanks to the reviews in warning of the long lines) by ordering room service. Breakfast and reading NY Times overlooking St. Paul's.....tough to beat. You will find they tack on a bunch of costs (i.e., tax, service); no worries as it is included.Now the hotel. Fantastic. The rooms were fantastic; large, great ammenities and great view. The pillow and sheets were wonderful. Everyone was very pleasant and helpful. The lobby was something to see. Definitely would stay again.Our only complaint is that it was not a great location for the subway. Good location for Central Park and 5th Ave, but the subway was a few blocks away. Word on walking. Street to street is a short walk; avenue to avenue is long.Tip: Best way to travel from JFK is to take the Air Train to Jamica station and then the E train. Cost is $7.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great location!!	My wife and I stayed here for one night and it was a good experience. Check in was very quick, was offered an upgrade to a room with a view to St. Patrick's Cathedral. However, we turned it down because we would have had to forgo our king bed. The room is big enough, a little smaller than something you would find in Vegas, but large for NY standards. Nice bathroom with some lux marble accents. I loved the 42&quot; plasma screen tv. Upon arrival we found that the foyer light in our room was not working. On our way out to walk around the city we told the concierge about the problem, when we came back a couple of hours later, it was fixed, very quick response time. We skipped room service and any meal at the hotel and must have saved hundreds of dollars, except for the $18 dollar drinks (berry patches) we had at GUILT, the hotel restaurant and bar. Yes, we felt guilty (pun intended) afterwards. All in all it was a great stay, the location itself justifies the price of the room. You are literally in the middle of it all.	
Feb 25 2008	Fantastic location 	The Palace has the best midtown location. Our room had a fantastic view of St. Patrick's Cathedral and Rockefeller Center. The bed in our non-smoking room was so comfortable and really high quality. We were greeted by the doormen during our weekend stay (they are the friendliest doormen we've ever encountered in New York!). Our check-in was delayed due to the line of guests but it was efficient nevertheless. We dined in the lobby restaurant called on Friday night and enjoyed a relaxing meal although the hostess could have been more friendlier and attentive. The Gilt Bar is a very smart and attractive space and is packed on Saturday night. We enjoyed our brief stay (we normally stay at the Waldorf and the Library Hotel) and the service at The Palace is friendly but not pretentious.	
Feb 24 2008 	I´ll stay there again	Me and my partner have been going to New York every year to wind off after christmas and always staying at different 5 star luxury hotels (Mandarin Oriental, Soho Hotel etc).This time we decided to try The New York Palace. I booked through the hotels website which was ok, even though the room-options were a bit to many. I choose a corner room with access to the Lounge.The room was very big and comfortable. Bathroom a bit small, but not that it bothered us. Service was overall very friendly.The Lounge was the ice-ing on the cake. On the 36th floor if I remember correctly, with drinks, computers with internet access, small dishes, nice breakfast and more (all &quot;free&quot; of charge).Fitness center was good and changing rooms big and nice.Good value for money, good location, nice room, and the lounge a great extra to sit down and relax in after shopping or before going out to dinner.Overall value: definitely go there again!	
Feb 23 2008 	fairly expensive but totally worth it!	I was in New York for work, and stay at the Palace for 3 nights. Wonderful hotel. It is a bit more expensive than most, but totally worth it in my opinion. First - the location. My room had a view of St Patricks Cathedral, which was sunny and lovely every morning. That you can walk out onto 5th avenue and enjoy the best shopping in NYC is amazing! And it is a short walk to central park up 5th avenue. The room itself is well-appointed - large flat screen TV, the most comfortable bed you have ever slept in, and turn-down service with relaxing music and slippers next to your bed. A great touch! Rooms are quiet and you can't hear your neighbors, which is important. I reall enjoy having drinks at the bar there, since it is comfortable and the service is great. Check-in was quick and efficient, and the people helping with luggage are great to point out how to work all the amenities in the room. My room rate included breakfast, which you can order as room service at no extra charge which most people do not know. Breakfast was GREAT - toast and pastries, eggs, coffee, fresh juices, etc. When room service delivered they even opened my curtains so I could enjoy the sun. I know a deli is cheaper, but it is really luxurious to eat breakfast in bed after a long day! I highly recmommend the spa there as well.As for restaurants within walking distance - I really enjoy BLT steakhouse. And for drinks in a younger and more lively atmosphere with music, try the W hotel. The hotel is definitely close enough to walk to times square if you want to catch a broadway show, but if you are wearing heels like I do it is a quick and easy cab ride - the hotel does a great job of keeping a long que of taxis at your beck and call. Try the Palace!	
Feb 22 2008 	It's truly palatial	The Palace is just that. A palace in the center of Manhattan. the rooms are impeccable and the service is as well. But perfection does not come cheap. Expect to pay and arm and a leg, but you do get what you pay for.	
Feb 19 2008 	Perfect location !	HI ! We are just back from NYC my husband and I and we had a great time there ! The hotel is just behind the ST Patrick's Cathedral and our corner room had a breathtaking view on it.The location is just perfect if you are there for just a couple of days since you are right in the middle of everything (5th Av, Rockfeller center, Central Park, Times square...) so you save a lot of time.It was wonderful, the hotel was awesome !!! and our view so romantic and fascinating...	
Feb 15 2008 	Big room great location	The location is great - right behind St Patrick's Cathedral on Madison and 50th, Walking distance to central park, the museums etc- if you like a good brisk walk! Of course all the shopping and restaurants a easy walking distance as well. Our room was very large, particularly for New York, and had every comfort you would expect from a 5 star. lovely Bathroom, great bed, pay per view movies etc. News flash - the mini bar and room service are outrageously over-priced. My husband didn't really like this hotel because he thought it was pretentious - I've yet to come across a 4 or 5 star in new york that isn't though! We paid a good price for what we got, I was really pleased with it.	
Feb 12 2008 	The Best Hotel In NYC	We have just returned from a four-night stay at the Palace. My expectations were high and they were surpassed. It was our third visit to New York so we new our way around and the location just off 5th Avenue is outstanding.We were given a room on the 38th floor over looking St. Pats and it was fantastic, the bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in, the turn down in the evening is a lovely touch. The bathroom was also lovely, although the bath kept blocking while taking a shower (very small complaint). The staff at check in, the bellhops and the maid service are all impeccable and really made you feel welcome.Couple of tips for you, we didn’t book breakfast; Room service is very expensive so this may be a good option, there is a Starbucks and a great deli on 51st just outside the hotel if you want to get your own breakfast etc. and bring it back to your room. Lots of people at the hotel were doing this while we were staying.Broadway is a must; you can get your tickets from the TKTS Discount Booths in New York City. The Times Square Booth sells day-of-performance tickets only. Opens at 3:00 pm and you’ll need to queue from about an hour before this. The South Street Seaport Booth sells tickets for the evening performances on the day of the performance, and matinee tickets the day before. This booth is open at 11:00 am; there is no queuing, and its five minutes walk from Ground Zero or Century 21. We got two second row tickets for Chicago for $120.Restaurants in the area to go to: Ben Bensons Steak House on 52nd between 6th and 7th Avenues, a little rough around the edges but food is fantastic. China Grill on W 53rd St, again great food, Would not recommend Rock Centre Café, in Rockefeller Centre beside ice rink, the food was poor and service was appalling.Back to the Hotel: The trip was wonderful, made so in particular by our stay at the Palace. We are planning next years trip already and it will be at the Palace, when you’ve stayed at the best you just won’t settle for less. If your going to New York and looking at Hotel’s they are all expensive but only some offer good value, The Palace may be a bit more than most but it’s worth every cent!	
Feb 11 2008	Ok	Hotel was not bad but a little bit of a let down. Rooms were good but service and breakfast were poor.	
Feb 11 2008 	Faultless stay at the NY Palace	Flew to NYC on Silverjet (probably the best airline trip I have ever experienced!) for a long weekend.From the very start we were looked after very well by the courteous and friendly staff at the Palace.We upgraged to stay on the Executive level (30th floor and above) and got a great corner room on the 33rd floor with an amazing city view.This also gave us access to the Executive lounge which as part of the price served great breakfast, lunches and evening snacks as well as complementary bar from 5.30pm - well worth the extra cost and strongly recommended.The Concierge recommende several great restuarants (the River Cafe was wonderful) during our stay and all the staff were very helpful throughout - We will be back in NY again and will definately go Silverjet and stay at The Palace!	
Feb 11 2008	Not bad for NY - nice sized rooms	I would still prefer the London NYC and the Le Parker Meridien, but location is awesome - 51st/Madison.Room size is very nice - nice large room, king size bed, and the shower is not bad considering old NY hotels. Not a great hotel to entertain in, food is not that good, and the bar is tiny.I would stay in this hotel because of location, and because the rates are not outrageous for a NYC hotel. The room was pretty hot, turned the air down to the lowest temp, but still it was a bit stuffy - again goes to fact NY hotels are old and not modern.	
Feb 8 2008	the palace is brilliant beautifull and very very friendlysuperb!	my family(2 teenage boys and my nine year old daughter and husband) all stayed here from january 22nd to 28th jan.i booked this hotel because of tripadvisor and it was spot on. the new york palace was wonderfull,i had already booked my room and been given a total price which i was happy with but a couple of days later my daughter asked me to change it to the american girl package , i had to email the hotel to do this as it wasnt available tru the hotel website,i got a reply from Shaista from nyp and she said she would be happy to change it and gave me the same room for less!, yes the rate was less,this is customer care at its best,a day before we arrived i emailed the hotel again to ask if it would be possible to get a room with a view of st patricks cathdreal and guess wot we got the middle centre of the hotel room 2020, superb views of st pats and rockerfells saks ,ect ect, my daughter was presented with an american girl gift, we went on to spend just under $2000 in AG and she loved it,the beds we slept in where extra comfy and the bathroom was huge loads of space,the previous review of this hotel states that he wouldnt give this hotel a 3and half star,well we are a well traveled family and we only stay at the very best hotels some times you wont get everything your asking for, we have been to millions of 5 star hotels the world over, even the burj al arab, and i would put the personel care we got at the new york palace above the servis of the burj, yes its true, the only gripe i have with the nyp hotel is one night i ordered room service ,a kiddies burger and curly fries and a pizza cost $92 ,and it was inedible ,thats a rediculous amount of cash for a snack for two! the hotel needs to address this but apart from that i will come back to this hotel to stay again and again.WELL DONE NEW YORK PALACE.	
Feb 6 2008 	Top Class New York Palace	Just returned from a fantasic 4 night stay at the New York Palace Hotel.From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. The service was fantastic and the staff were exteremly friendly and professional.We checked in very quickly and were given an upgrade to a bigger room with fantastic views of St Patricks Cathadral. The room was spotless and huge! The bed was probably the most comfortable bed my husband and i had even slept in. The housekeeping serivce was very professional and they had a lovely turn down service in the evening.The bathroom has the most amazing shower and lovely Toiletries.The hotel lobby and reception area is very nice as is the bar and restaurants. We ate in the Gilt restaurant once and it was very good, a bit pricy but beautiful food and Impeccable service, it is worth trying if you dont mind spending a bit more.The location couldnt be better - you can easily walk to all of the main sites, Saks Fifth Avenue and the Rockafella Centre are Literally a 2 minute walk away. A little tip - the Rockafella Cafe have a great breakfast menu which we went to most days - it has great views of the ice skating rink!All in all a fantastic hotel well worth the 5* - we are already planning on returning to New York next year and we will definitely be staying at the New York Palace as it was one of the highlights of our trip.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great hotel.	We stayed here for a 5 day break. Our room was in the towers with a great view. hotel staff were polite, rooms were clean, great location.	
Feb 5 2008 	Not a 5 star property	Checked in and out on the same day. Let's start with the good... lobby and location, near Saks and Rockefeller Center, large room by NYC standards, good mattress and flat screen TV. The bad...long lines at front desk with abrupt and unfriendly clerks.The room was extremely dusty, hair and stains soiled the linens, thin walls, old bathroom fixtures, 1970's feel to hallways and elevators, questionable carpet, generic decor. I checked out within two hours because my breathing was becoming compromised due to the dust and old ventilation system. I don't understand the great reviews this hotel has received from other guests. Could it be that they don't know what to expect from a true 5 star hotel? This is not a five star hotel as advertised. I would give it 3 1/2 stars. Unless you find a very great rate (under $300.00) and don't spend much time in the room it is just not worth it.	
Jan 30 2008 	On the whole a good stay	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. I was booking for a group of 8 people (4 rooms) for our belated Christmas trip. I had done all the organising and found the check in staff extremely helpful and fast. Check out was also extremely fast and painless. The breakfast element of our package was extremely good. The food was lovely, great selection, even our vegetarian traveller got to eat something different each day! On the whole i could not fault the hotel, setting or most of the staff. But i have to say that the grumpy so and so who came up to collect our bags before our departure really brough our trip to a bitter end. He was not happy that he had to come to 4 seperate rooms and grumbled alot about it even though we were all on the same floor and we had just 1 bag each. Then when we asked if we could store our bags as our flights were later in the evening he was not happy at all. We did not tip him and he felt he had to be sarcastic right up in my face. He was the only issue we had with the hotel everyone else was perfect but although i would love give the NY Palace 5 stars i can only justify 4.	
Jan 25 2008 	NY Palace the best with American Girl Place	A friend and I took our daughters (ages 8 and 9) in August 2007 to the New York Palace and the package day at American Girl Place. We chose the NYP for the AG trip because it was the closest to AG (about 1.5 blocks away) and, of the hotels AG has for packages, it was less expensive (believe it or not!). Late August weekend is less expensive, I think. We only stayed one night.The hotel was fabulous. We were on the 14th floor overlooking St. Patrick's. We drove from New England, and the valet took the car and we were on our NYC adventure! Everyone in check-in was very friendly. They wowed our girls with their questions and knowledge of the AG dolls and the girls loved the attention.The room was larger than I expected. Ours had 2 double beds in it like a standard hotel room, but it was more spacious around the edges. We were able to check in at 1pm, the staff was able to find rooms nearly next door to our friends (there was 1 room in between). They were ready and we settled in for a few minutes before we were off to walk around midtown.When we returned in the evening, my daughter was just thrilled with the little American Girl bed and satin blanket that was turned down on her bed, along with her own bed. She loved the slippers they put out for her and wouldn't take them off! The AG bed is part of the package and you take it home when you leave.The view was just amazing. At night overlooking St. Patrick's, with Rockefeller Center lit up behind it was great. My daughter and I just sat at the window until long past her bedtime just taking it all in. I had never stayed overnight in Manhattan, just been there on day trips when visiting relatives on Long Island. So this was very special for both of us.When we were leaving the hotel staff was very helpful. They retrieved our car much faster than I expected, maybe 15 minutes. I went to the concierge to get information about what was the best way to drive out of Manhattan and was put in contact with their head dispatcher for drivers and I chatted with him and he was very helpful. I think we will both remember our special weekend in NYC forever. And the New York Palace helped make it that way.I want to try and return with my whole family soon.	
Jan 25 2008 	Fabulous Location	We chose this hotel because it is not the typical chain hotel like Four Seasons etc. Sometimes with these once you have been to one you know what to expect.The lobby is very none descript and not at all like the picures on the internet - the entrance off Maddison Ave is the grand elaborate one - we arrived on the 5th Jan and all the christmas decorations were still there - very pretty.Check in was very efficient if a little expensive - tips for taxi driver, door man, man who took luggage to reception, then man who took us up to our room, then man who brought our luggage up to our room all within the space of 20 minutes of arriving when you are still getting used to the new notes and havent always got small amounts at hand.Our room was large, immaculatly clean and overlooked St Patricks cathedral - the view at night was stunning. The bed was huge and after hours of shopping and sightseeing we fell into what felt like a giant white marshmellow - it was so comfortable.We stayed 5 nights room only so didnt really use the hotel for much other than sleeping in. We did have a drink in the lobby bar - the service was shocking but then another night we had one in the new restaurant bar and that was very nice - decor was fantastic.We did use the concierge who were all very helpfull and managed to get us booked into all the very best restaurants - use the Zagat guide book if you like good food - quite a lot of the best ones are within walking distance of the hotel the best being Le Bernadin - truly sublime (no problems walking round at night) iIn the rooms there is a concierge guide which is very helpful and does give some fantastic recommendations for all sorts of things- its nothing to do with the hotel- its a list of recommendations from a variety of 5 star hotels in the city and was very informative.We did enquire about a show with the concierge who said they have to use an agency and quoted $1200 for two of us - yes one thousand two hundred dollars to see Jersey Boys - we declined.All in all we really enjoyed our stay here the hotel is a fantastic location, Saks is just over the road on Fifth Ave, Central Park is a ten minute walk away and the rooms have a stunning view at night are big, comfortable and spotless. Cannot ask for much more !!	
Jan 23 2008 	We'll be back!	We booked the holiday package special with breakfast from 18th to 22nd January. The trip was to celebrate my 40th birthday. We where given a sumptuous room on the 30 floor looking over the Church and the Rockefeller plaza. The room was high enough as not to be disturbed by the traffic noise. The bed was huge and comfy and the turn over service at night was a nice touch, especially the chocolates. The bathroom was a good size, perhaps the bath was on the small side but the power shower made up for that. There was a large flat screen TV on the wall, a nice sized desk and a small coffee table.My only gripe was there were no tea/coffee making facilities, but either side of the hotel is a Starbucks, so back in the room for tea in bed within 5 mins!Breakfast was plentiful and service excellent. The area is close to the door and during our stay the weather did drop to -10c in the day, so did get chilly. We learnt for the next 3 mornings to go up from the doors!Overall this is an upmarket hotel, well run and we will return. We found all the doormen, warm and friendly and nothing was to much trouble. Check out was quick and our cases well looked after as we had a late evening flight. We were offered a room to freshen up if we wanted to.	
Jan 21 2008 	lovely hotel - crazy weather - nice trip	We decided to take our 3 daughters to NYC for Spring Break 2007. We wanted this to be a very memorable experience for them with shows, great restaurants and typical kid friendly sight seeing in Manhattan.We even caught a bit of the St. Pat's Day parade the day we left. We have family in Manhattan so that makes it nice to find good, reasonable local eateries and such. We decided on The New York Palace primarily b/c of location. We wanted to be Midtown, but not in the heart of Times Square (done that - just too crazy for me!) It is located adjacent to St. Paul's Cathedral - a sight we all wanted to visit. The hotel is lovely, quite beautiful, really. Our room requests were met perfectly, something I always try to be prepared to NOT have happen. 2 Adjoining/Connecting rooms with 2 bathrooms is a MUST for my group (1 dad, 4 women!!) and they accomodated us beautifully. We just could not get the view of the Cathedral AND the room set up we needed but that was definitely fine (I'm alwasy cautiously optimistic b/c many older hotels just do not have these accomodations which are first come, first served). Our rooms were very spacious - even more so by NYC standards (something we warned our children about ahead of time). A small bath in the very large corner King room w/a seating area and a large bath in the double queen connecting room. Beautifully, traditionally decorated in blues and yellows - soft, comfy linens, lots of pillows- very clean. Our maid service was lovely and friendly and helpful. Concierege service is some of the BEST we have ever experienced anywhere. Doormen best in the city with helpful tips on subways (a must for my kiddos) and cabs. NEVER had a problem getting a taxi at the Palace. Did 2 shows - a matinee and an evening show. Conierege made great arrangements for us to eat lunch prior to matinee and next door at the FANTASTIC steak and seafood place b/4 our evening show. Actually, except for our first evening with family and a quick bite of Pizza (the BEST) near Rockefeller Ctr, the Concierege staff made all our dining arrangements and they were wonderful. Would recommend to others Serafina for dinner (Italian-adults and kids will love) as well as the Chinese restaurant around the corner-quite fantasitc! Nice, handy Starbuck's across the street from hotel.We experience some crazy weather - 70s when we arrived, sleet and snow 2 days later - caught in rain and sleet walking to hotel from evening show (hint:if it's raining after a show - you will NOT catch a cab!! take an umbrella - nice big ones offered by the hotel). Had great fun stopping into a Duane Reade drugstore to buy cheap caps and gloves - very handy! We did the girl stuff and family stuff - American Girl Place, Sernedipity (skip this hyped location), Dylan's Candy Bar, Hershey's Times Square, Central Park Zoo, Natural History Museum, Rockfeller Ctr, etc. Skipped Canal Street with the kids (though my oldest has been with me prior to this trip) but quickly passed through China town. So much to see and must return. They LOVED it. The hotel is SO pricy, though, I don't know if it will be in the budget to return to such lavish means. We actually DID experience the $12 glass of orange juice at breakfast in the hotel along with the $10 bagel with cream cheese (this was not room service, but in the restuarant). However, booking with American Express granted us a free lunch in the restaurant which would have also been quite pricy, but was good food. It also allowed us to take advantage of late check-out and was what probably guaranteed our room arrangement as well. Book the New York Palace if you can afford the price tag. You will not be disappointed!	
Jan 21 2008 	Great hotel and excellent service	We stayed at the Palace this past weekend and it was a wonderful experience. We booked a package that included breakfast. We ordered our breakfast in our room every morning and it always arrived on time and was good. The food and drinks are extremely expensive at the Palace. I was glad we had a package including breakfast, otherwise 2 breakfasts would have cost over $100. Everyone at the hotel was extremely helpful and very, very nice. They have a well trained staff. The hotel is in a wonderful location. Our room was nicely decorated and had a big flat screen tv (probably 42 inches). The beds were very comfortable. We also ate dinner at Gilt one night (the hotel's restaurant). It was very good. They were able to fit us in at the last minute, and still got us out in time for our play.I was exceptionally happy with our stay at the Palace and will definitely go back in the future.	
Jan 20 2008 	Felt like a princess at the Palace	I am a 14 year old girl writing this review, so if you're ever wondering what a teenager thinks of the hotel and it's service, you should read on.My family and I checked into the hotel on January 3rd, and luckily for us the beautiful Christmas displays were still up in the lobby. Even after they were taken down on January 6th, the lobby still looked amazing. As soon we reached the checkout desk we were greeted kindly and many staff had friendly conversations as we were waiting to be checked in. Surprisingly, our room was ready immediately, which was a plus. The room was beautiful as well and above my expectations. The room service menu was overpriced, but that was irrelevant to us because we didn't use it. We didn't see anything wrong with the room. It was very clean. We also had a fantastic view of the St. Patrick's Cathedral.The next day at breakfast we had to get in a huge line because there was only ONE person seating people! When we got in, we had an overpriced breakfast. It was over $100 just for the 3 of us. It wasn't even that great of one either, they gave my mom sour milk and it took a while to get the food. The next day, though, the breakfast wasn't so bad.Another dislike we had was that when we were checking in the lady talked us in to getting one bed for my parents and a small cot for me instead of two beds, because I wouldn't be staying there for two of the four nights. However, when we got back late at night we found the bed wasn't even in there! It was no problem though because it only took them about 10 minutes to bring the bed up and set it up.The last tiny dislike we had was the fact our phone was broken for a while. Whenever we got a call and picked up the phone it would just keep ringing and we couldn't talk into it. We called down to the front desk and the phones were immediately fixed while we were out the next day so it was fine.The one tiny thing you should be warned about is that there is a button in the room that turns on the 'Privacy' light on your door, which tells the maids not to come into your room. We did this once accidentally and as a result the maids could not clean our room... :POverall I'd have to say that I LOVED the hotel other than those few tiny things. I had a great time while I was in New York and staying in such a beautiful, classy hotel only made the experience that much better. I would come back here if I ever went back to NYC.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great facilities	I stayed at the Palace on a business trip as my usual hotel was full. I found the lobby a bit impersonal, the welcome a little muted and had to queue to check in.The room was big, comfortable and well furnished although the bathroom was a little crowded with very little space around the basin to put any personal toiletries.The best bit about the whole stay was the Executive Lounge which can be accessed by guests of certain rooms. The lounge was large and welcoming and staff were friendly. Not only did it provide a good quality free breakfast every morning, snacks were provided during the day, including in the evening, along with coffee and drinks. As a lone business traveller who hates room service, I found it a perfect place to pass some time and would definitely consider staying at the hotel again on future trips.	
Jan 18 2008	Best Hotel in NY city	This is the best hotel in New York City (of course, I've never stayed at any other hotel in NY before so I guess my opinion is very narrow)However, just walking through the beautiful courtyard and lobby every night when returning from the bustle of the city is worth the extra cost. Rooms are huge and the turndown service is an added bonus. Restaurant was decent but not the greatest (it was part of the package so I had no real qualms).EVERY FIRST TIME NEW YORKER SHOULD STAY HERE as it is the perfect location ideally situated to all Midtown touristy areas. After staying here, you will realize that Rockefeller is the REAL heartbeat of New York (not Times Square).	
Jan 16 2008 	Faultless	Every since using Tripadvisor to help select hotels, we've not had a bad stay anywhere and the New York Palace was no exception.We stayed for 4 nights in early January and could not find fault with any aspect of our stay there. It's a very plush, grand hotel, which is in a great location and all the staff we encountered were helpful, very friendly and courteous - true pro's! Despite not asking for one, we were given a room on the 26th floor with that amazing view of St Patricks and the Rockefeller Centre. The bed was just enormous and was a treat for our aching limbs at the end of each day. The rooms are a great size and provide good extra's such as a proper hairdrier (not one of those contraptions that looks like a vacuum cleaner that needs the button permanently depressed to make it work!!) plus iron, ironing board, robe and slippers, free safe and a massive flat screen tv.The menu was outside what we prefer to pay (we got a fantastic package deal on hotel and flights thru lastminute.com hence selecting the hotel) so we choose not to eat there and can't comment on food. But there are so many great eateries in the city, that it didn't bother us. For those Europeans that wake up at 5am every morning before adjusting to local time, you get a newspaper hung on the outside of your door each morning. Sit back in the massive bed, plump up the cushions and relax!Will be back again one day!	
Jan 16 2008 	Magnificent hotel in the heart of NYC!	This is my second time staying at The Palace, and what a palace it is! My husband and I spent 5 nights and we had a lovely room on the 23rd floor overlooking St. Patrick's Cathedral and the bustle of NYC. Every aspect of the hotel is impeccable from the attentive doorman and bellman from the minute we arrived (and every time we left and returned back to the hotel) to the gracious receptionist and concierge staff. Each employee thoroughly knew how to pamper returning guests as well as tourists and locals as well.The hotel is close to everything and even in the brisk of January, a walk to Times Square or 59th and Lexington was a breeze. The hotel is right on Madison Avenue which compares in shopping with Robertson Blvd in LA or Oxford Street in London and is a mere block away from 5th Avenue and shopping extraordinare including Saks, Barneys, Henri Bendel and even H &amp; M. There are numerous places, from $ to $$$$ to eat but one must try the hotel's signature restaurant, Gilt with a 3 course price fix menu of approximately $70 and well worth it. A short cab ride will take you to Soho, Greenwich Village, Little Italy or Chinatown (all within blocks of each other) for great choices in dining and shopping (my preference!) The hotel is in back of St. Patrick's Cathedral, which if one is lucky, provides a spectacular view from west side of the hotel. If you are a gym fanatic, you will also have a birds eye view from the excellent gym and equipment located on the 8th floor. The hotel even provides gym apparel including sneakers if you didn't bring any with you. The hotel provides free wireless internet access in the lobby and sometimes on the second floor, although both areas can be bustling during the day with guests. You can also access from your room for $15 for 24 hours which is a great deal as well.The room was very spacious for New York standards and approximately 300 sq. ft and it was more than fitting for all the luggage we brought and the extra 2 that was brought back, completely full. The bathroom was fitted in marble and had a great tub for soaking as well as a shower. The flat screen 40 inch tv was a nice touch in addition to the extremely comfortable bed and pillow top, very modern and chic. If shopping is on your agenda and if you have the time, a trip to the Woodbury Common Premium Outlets would be worth the time. The hotel concierge can provide you the tickets for $39 round trip via Gray Line Bus Tours departing from Port Authority and the outdoor outlet has basically every designer you can think of including Gucci, Ferragamo, Jimmy Choo, Saks, Barney's and Neiman Marcus.I can't think of a nicer place to stay which provides excellent service and is right in the middle of everything New York and without a doubt, I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 13 2008 	Totally gorgeous	From start to finish our stay at the New York Palace was perfect. Before going we emailed the hotel directly to ask for a room with a view and we most definitely got one. Our room looked out over St Patrick's Cathedral and was gorgeous.Everyone at the hotel was incredibly helpful and made our stay very pleasant. I will stay here every time I go back to New York.	
Jan 11 2008 	Excellent and friendly service	We stayed at The Palace for three nights and totally loved it. The staff was amazingly friendly, helpful and professional. The room was quite large for New York, nice view, comfy bed and pillows, flat screen TV, etc. All in all a lovely place to stay, if not a bit on the stuffy side. The bathroom was a tad small, but it was still quite comfortable.Location is great if you want to be near Central Park, 5th Avenue shopping, and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is directly behind Saint Patricks (not my favorite thing to visit but my family seemed to like that).My only warning is the cost of breakfast. The American breakfast was included with our room (thank god), but if one dallied from that and ordered a la cart, the cost became staggering. $10 for a cup of coffee, OR glass of orange juice, OR a muffin (yes, $10 for EACH of those things). You get the picture. Our omelettes and oatmeal dishes were quite tasty however.All in all I would stay there again if i wanted to be in that neighborhood. A rarity as the uptown shoppers are briefly entertaining but mostly tiresome. FYI the best hot cocoa on the Eastern Seaboard is at Rockefeller Center however. At La Maison du Chocolat. It will certainly set you back, but that's a cup that is well worth it.	
Jan 8 2008	Spectacular in every way!	My family and I stayed here during the holiday season for 4 days and do not have one problem with this place. It was one of our best experiences through and through. The staff couldn't have been friendlier, even remembering our child's name whenever returning to the hotel. It was very clean and decent size for a NY hotel.From helping with bags, to the restaurant, to atmosphere, this hotel was a homerun! We strongly recommend to anyone considering.we've stayed in many hotels in NY and this by far was top of the heap.	
Jan 8 2008 	The New York Palace Was Amazing!	We stayed at the New York Palace over Christmas and arrived in the early hours. We immediately felt welcome.We had a room on the 14th floor with a view of St Patrick's Cathedral and the Rockefeller in the distance and it was superb.The bed is literally the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in! It was very luxurious and there is a huge plasma TV where you can rent movies for the equivalent of £3.50...which is a bargain!Room service was impeccable. Fresh towels and toiletteries every day and chocolates and ice (for the ice bucket...for the wine you have bought from elsewhere!!) are offered every evening.The best thing about the hotel (aside from the comfy bed!) is the location. You are right in the heart of Manhatten and you really get to experience NY City without having to use the subway. TOP 5 THINGS TO DOSee a film at the art deco Zeigfeld theatre...it is amazingGo to Central Park (and ice-skating if it's there!) and get a carriage ride for $35...it's a lovely experience especially at dusk. TIP: They can go anywhere in Manhatten after middnight so, although it would be more expensive, it would be amazing to have a carriage ride on 5th Avenue! A J Maxwells is a couple of blocks away and have been voted the 6th best steak house in America.Take a visit to the Top of the Rockefeller for amazing views of ManhattenIf you like cookies, visit Levain Bakery on 74th Street. AVOIDCinemas in Times Square. It can be an intimidating and uncomfortable experience.Greenwich Village. It was a bit disappointing but we saw Julianne Moore so that made up for it! Will definately go back to the New York PalaceTOP HOTEL TIPSIf you want to make a reservation etc ask the concierge to do it for you so as to avoid extortionate phone bills. The hotel were extremely proficent at doing this for us. Also, the internet is very expensive so if you just want to check emails go to the Apple store on 5th Avenue...internet is free (shhh!)The mini-bar is extortionate so stock up..they don't mind! We had 2 beers for $9 each but that was a first night treat...and we had to remind ourselves that the pound was strong! If you want to pack light, gym clothes and robes and slippers are provided. Right...off to book my stay for Dec 08!	
Jan 8 2008 	Best Hotel in Ny	Me and my mom have stayed at some of the fanciest hotels in New York. We have stayed at the Ritz Central Park, we have stayed at the Trump, we have stayed at the St. Regis, and we have stayed at the Plaza; and none of them are as nice as the Palace. We just recently stay at the palace for new years, and it was amazing. My mom payed $400 dollars a night for a room that was just as nice as a the Ritz for $2000. The service here was the best service I have even seen; and I have stayed at many 5 star hotels. The only thing I found to be a problem was check in was a little slow. But then my mom told me that was because they gave a complementary upgrade to a nicer room. This is the best hotel in all of Manhattan.	
