	Great location good value and friendly doormen	I spent 3 nights in this hotel November 2008 during the refurbishment and after providing feedback on this site the hotel contacted me and assured me that the problems had been rectificed and I agreed to stay on my visit this year. True to their word all the problems had been sorted and I have just returned from a fabulous 4 night stay at the hotel. The room was excellent with a view of the Empire State Building, clean and spacious and the door staff were extremely helfpul, pleasant and informative especially Tarek.I will defintely stay there in the future.	
	Amazing hotel!	The Affinia is an amazing hotel to stay in whilst on your trip to the Big Apple. Centrally located, yet far enough out to not be in the hussle and bussle. You're not far from Grand Central station (an attraction in its self!) so getting the tube and train is easy. Also the Chrysler building is on your doorstep. From our room we could see the Empire State which was a lovely surprise.The rooms are beatifully decorated, with a feeling of luxuary. The beds...wow the beds!! So comfortable, so much so we looked forward to getting into them at the end of the busy day..and the pillows are also so good. The bathrooms are also gorgeous (which seems odd to say!) But again very clean. Housekeeping keep the rooms immaculate, we didn't see a spot of dust. Beds were changed and made every day.Room service - very poor and don't bother. the food was yuck - like it had been cooked 3 hours previously and sat on a hot plate waiting to be brought up, its also VERY expensive and not worth it. Instead go to Scottys which is a cafe open 24hours a day located just a short walk from the hotel itself (go out of the main enterance and take a right, cross the road and look left and you'll see it, its blue and yellow). the location is ideal, and its only a short walk to all the sights. We walked to and from the hotel to all the normal tourist sites such as central park, and the Rockafeller.Empire State is very cool, yet the Chrylser building and Rockafeller buildings give you as an amazing view as the Empire. The Empire building is a nightmare for queing!! You queue to get in, queue to get through security, queue to get the lift to the 80th floor, queue to them get another lift to the 86th (observation) then you get to queue all over again to get out. I think we spend about 3 hours in total queuing so leave plenty of time!! Also the Staute of Liberty - make sure you pre reserve to go to the observation deck (2 weeks in advance) and if you want to go to the crown then you need to reserve at least 2 MONTHS in advance! Also make sure you do the cruise down the Hudson on the world yacht - amazing food and amazing views!The hotel is really good value for money and very chic, classy and brilliantly located for a truely unforgettable experience!	
	After 13 nights at the Shelburne...we did not want to leave!!	Just got back from 2 weeks staying at Affinia Shelburne. Took my husband to New York for a surprise for his 50th birthday and it was all we wanted and more.Stayed in a queen suite on 15th floor with fantastic views of the Empire State Bldg and the New York skyline. Fantastic balcony (which was a proper sized balcony, we sat out there and had drinks at sunset and watched the city's colours change) We were in heaven!!Rooms were spotless and all staff were very helpful especially Jada at the front desk and the jolly doorman!!The location was fantastic. We have been to New York 3 times before and this was by far the best location. Very safe as we walked around at night with no problems and walked in fact everywhere in New York with.Even though the Rooftop bar was closed we went and had a look and the view there was breathtaking. A memorable birthday and we will be back next year to stay at the Shelburne!!	
	Everything I expected and more	I stayed at the Shelburne for 12 nights with my best friend for my 50th birthday. We are both very picky and real clean freaks. I'd booked a standard room but was upgraded to a 15th floor suite (with a balcony!) on arrival. All in all it was a fabulous experience. The hotel is modern, very clean and quiet, plus a great location. ALL staff I dealt with were very helpful, kind and friendly - from concierge to houskeeping. It was great to have a kitchen, loads of space including a huge closet, and the bathroom was lovely. I spent ages on the internet looking for a reasonably priced hotel in NYC that ticked all the boxes - and the Shelburne is it. Would stay there again and will recommend to everyone. I had a fabulous girlie birthday holiday in NYC - thanks in large part to the Shelburne.	
	Lovely NYC experience	My daughter and I stayed at the Affinia Shelburne for two nights after the Thanksgiving Holiday. Prior to our stay I read other trip advisor reviews and wanted to make sure we could get a room with 2 beds. When I contacted the hotel directly I was told that a request could be made but not guaranteed. Having noticed that the assistant general manager had responded to some trip advisor reviews I decided to contact her with my request directly. My e-mail was answered the same day and I was pleased to be guaranteed a room with two beds. Upon our arrival we were greeted by an extremely friendly doorman followed by one of the most pleasant reception clerks I have ever met. This wonderful treatment continued during our entire stay including every single person we came in contact with (housekeeping, maintenance staff in the hall, bellman, checking out). I found this extraordinary. I have traveled to NY many times and have met friendly people but this was every single person. The room was clean, the beds very comfortable and nice workspace. The restaurant next door (can get there without going outside) had yummy breakfasts. All of this plus an excellent location. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
	Business model seems NOT to be based on generating repeat Customers...	The Facts: Booked through Priceline at a reasonable price.Greeting at front desk friendly and helpful. Noticed small grafitti on wall upon exiting elevator on our floor. How long should something like that be on a wall in a 3.5 star hotel? Bad omen me thinks.That was nothing compared to the TOILET BRUSH, (hopefully fell off of a maintenance cart), in the hallway outside of our room. Informed front desk and they took their time in removing it, guess it didn't bother them. How long would something like that be in the hallway of a 3.5 star hotel?After entering the room we used the shower. After exiting the shower happened to look up at ceiling and notice a large 16&quot; pizza size missing piece of plaster above bed, with some loose material still attached. Would a real 3.5 star property have such a room in service? I think not.First call to mention this hole was met with a too bad you already showered and used room approach. Later a call was made by front desk to switch to a different room. We did so. This being about 30 minutes after initial TOILET BRUSH IN HALLWAY mention. Brush was then removed by employee who brought new room keys.Later mention of problems to Priceline was met with denials by Hotel. ( I have photos of hole above bed so denial seems a poor strategy.BOTTOM LINE:Don't bid 3.5 stars on Priceline MTE you may end up here.The hotel seems mostly filled with tours from overseas and one time Priceline buyers.STAY AWAY	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent Deal and Location	Spent the weekend here for partners birthday and have to say it was a GREAT CHOICE. The location, rooms, and best of all the price was great. Great view of the Empire State building as well. The room service a bit expensive but great service. Also there is a cost for the internet (under $ 14 US) - and biggest drawback was how slow the internet response was . Other pluses included walking distance to all, and only a few blocks to the train. The front desk staff was also excellent, very attentive, and always with a big smile. I would stay here again.	
Nov 21 2009 	HIGHLY Recommended	Excellent hotel so close to Grand Central station, Times Square etc... The rooms are modern and clean and a good size for Manhattan. Go up to the 16th floor to see the Empire State and Chrysler buildings at night. Also, we didn't hear much traffic at night which is really good for Manhattan.I'd definitely stay here the next time in New York.	
Nov 19 2009 	Fab-u-lous!	My traveling buddy and I were looking for some last minute fun in NYC. At the suggestion of Trip Advisor, I called Magellan Vacations, who advertise that they specialize in luxury hotels. Sandra recommended the Shelburne. It was so nice, very clean, quiet, great linens, comfortable beds, and Aveda bath amenities. We requested a double double with view of the Empire State Building. When one was not available, they upgraded us to a suite instead! The restaurant Rare was good too. We got a room service burger and fries, they were amazing!	
Nov 19 2009 	Modern spacious - a great hotel	My wife, teenage daughters and I spent 5 nights at this hotel and could not be more pleased with the room and the service provided. The room was very clean, spacious with the main bedroom supplemented by a fold out bed for the kids which was large and comfortable. Similarly the kitchenette and bathroom offered more space than we anticipated and at no time did we feel that a lack of space was an issue. The location is excellent, only 5 minutes walk from Grand Central station and views from our 13th floor room balcony of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings. Very little noise from the street at night and generally a relaxing environment. Plenty of very good delis/eateries nearby.The staff were very efficient and courteous - internet and wifi access is expensive but that was about the only complaint especially as many hotels offer free wifi to registered guests. However the prices are clearly stated and there is no intention to dupe guests into using the service. We didnt eat b/fast at the hotel but the &quot;Rare grill/bar&quot; on the ground floor offers a good menu although slightly pricey (beers $8, wine $10/glass) although again these are clearly listed so one can't complain. Overall the hotel offers very good value for money and we would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent!	We were first time visitors to new york and I had spent ages researching hotels. We got this hotel at a pretty cheap internet rate and that was the main reason we chose it. We thought it was a good base to explore nyc, VERY clean, really modern decor and we liked the Rare burgers! We thought the receptionists were just ok, but we did seem to arrive at a very busy time.Just one minor complaint, we didn't like our hot our room got, we phoned the front desk because we thought the aircon was broken but they informed us because it was cold outside the aircon was running at neutral, however, we didn't think it was that cold outside and our room was definately at an above average temperature.	
Nov 18 2009 	terrible hotel!!!!!	I cannot believe that why the hotel has so high review.They will charge the internet for $14 per day. Because the front desk wrongly spell my last name, I cannot log in internet for a long time. I have to call them but I need to wait a long time and no reply. Finally I had to go to front desk to ask why.My room is very very dark and because it is close to the traffic, at night, I could still hear the noise outside. Also, the wall made some odd noise at night, which is creepy. The most important is nobody told me the phone is not free. Even I call the customer service to ask how to call outside, they did not remind me that the call is going to charge and local and long distance is different. I only spent 30 mins, and they charge me more than $80!!!They did not offer the coffee maker if I did not require.This hotel is nightmare to live and the service is bad and expensive!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic!	Stayed at this hotel in in August 2009 with Sister and teenage daughter. It is in a fantastic location and we were upgrade from a one bed apartment with sofa bed to a 2 bedroomed apartment with sofa bed in lounge and two bathrooms and a bedroom. Cant recommend this hotel enough - staff were fantastic, would definately go back.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good location for east side	Quiet, comfortable rooms. The lobby was really, really busy. The staff gave us some great recommendations for dinner and breakfast, and also helped us with directions. Rooms quiet and not fancy, but comfortable. Breakfast area is attached and is nice, but should have complimentary coffee for guests. Would stay here again but like the Affinia Gardens better. INTERNET IS VERY EXPENSIVE. Any good hotel should have complimentary internet access.	
Nov 7 2009 	Check your reservations with this hotel before leaving home	We booked our trip through Travelocity in August of this year. I called the hotel in September to confirm our room and everything was fine. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that they no longer had our room. My husband and I were shocked and explained that it was confirmed at the hotel. The hotel stated that they notified Travelocity about the problem but no one got in contact with us. The hotel did work something out for us but we had to wait until 6pm that night to get into our suite. My suggestion is if you book at this hotel, confirm with the hotel and get the name of the person your spoke too. There was a lot of things going on in NYC the weekend we were there and I think they over booked the hotel. All in all the rooms were ok, could of been cleaned a little better. Lobby smelled and was decorated weird. Chairs were very uncomfortable to sit in. Doorman was very helpful. All in all was not bad once we got into room, but if we can stay someplace else next time we will.	
Nov 7 2009 	Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!	Wonderful rooms, great service and a great location what more could you want. I want to go back!!	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Place	I confess to being dubious about this hotel, but the reviews are correct---it is a great place. Out of the way there in Murray Hill, it is close to many sites and yet maintains a good tranquility. Would I stay there again? Recommend it? Yes!	
Nov 2 2009 	Ideal location with a touch of luxury	This was an ideal place for our family trip, equally located between 42nd st and the Times Square vicinity without the cost. The hotel was very modern, with great amenities, staff were friendly and informative. The rooms were adequate, we had a one bedroom suite with a pull out sofa in the living room and tvs in both rooms making it appropriate for a family with 1-2 teens. We also had a kitchenette with fridge and microwave which came in handy for our own use (restaurant leftovers make a great breakfast)On the down side, the bathroom was very small, the shower had no curtain and the glass partition was not sufficient to prevent water splashing over the floor. You certainly could not have 1 person using the shower and another brushing their teeth without them getting wet.The hotel was pricey but we got a great internet deal. so were the restaurants and roof top bar - $12 for a glass of red wine ! we got a good bottle for a few dollars more at a liquor store at the end of the street. If you did not use the hotel restaurant or room service the surrounding food stores were also expensive, but we were in Manhattan, so that was to be expected. We did become savvy shoppers, buying fruit and snacks for the evening when we rode the subway from Grand Central - the marketplace there is a must ! We also walked alot, to keep our use of taxis to a minimum, but by doing this we were able to see more of New York and discover gems that were not in tour books. It was also a great way to burn the extra calories from all the good food New York has to offer.Overall - it was a great experience, great view of the Empire Stare Building from our room and comfortable environment. Would definately visit again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Very Good....BUT!	Very nice, clean, nice staff. Rooms remodeled but now mostly smaller. I really enjoy staying here but strongly believe that all rooms should have coffee makers, especially since a coffee shop is not readily available. Really like that the gym has windows that open.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good service a little poor.	We booked a room direct with the hotel. Good rate for NYC. After some mess up with room etc the manager was called, Andrew. He was great. He sorted it all out, gave us a free lunch in RARE, which was fab &amp; sent us up some free warm cookies which the children loved. The service from the other members of staff is far from warm. All in all a safe, good, clean place to lay your head after a day in NY.	
Oct 27 2009 	Amazing hotel! Amazing location!	I stayed here with my mom for 6 nights and it was amazing!First when we arrived in the lobby it was very nice and they did our check in so fast.Then when we arrived to the room we where really impressed by the room size it was really big with to beds and big plasma.During our stay the staff was very helpful and polite.I'll recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Oct 26 2009 	Would definately recommend	We had a suite on the 10th floor with fantastic views of Chrysler Building (great at night). Nice and quiet at night. Room was very spacious, clean, well equipped, hair dryer, iron, kitchen etc huge bedroom. Bed was more comfortable than our own!! Large bathroom with lovely Aveda products. Cleaned every day, even our washing up was done for us!. Anything we asked for was delivered promptly. Recommend the complimentary walking kit - very useful. Perfectly located, quiet and friendly area but only 5/10 min walk from Grand Central, Fifth Avenue, Times Square etc. Would definately recommend....	
Oct 23 2009 	OK for New York - Nothing over the Top	Nothing fancy about the hotel &amp; for the money given that it is NY, it is OK.+ side: huge bed, adequate bathroom, good location (can walk to grand central)- side: slow lift, expensive internet, no views	
Oct 23 2009 	A Slice of Heaven in NYC	My family and I recently stayed at the Affinia Shelburne on our first trip to NYC. We chose this hotel after much research and after reading the many positive reviews which had been posted on this site, so our expectations were already quite high...Our stay at Affinia Shelburne was nothing short of exceptional! From the moment we arrived, which was quite late in the evening, we felt like we were in a &quot;home away from home&quot;. We were upgraded to a very spacious 2 bed, 2 bath suite with a separate living room and kitchenette which, with two teenager daughters, was an absolute godsend! The furnishings were modern, whilst still being comfortable and the beds made us feel like we were sleeping on clouds- in fact we remarked that we slept better at the Shelburne than we did in our own home! The Aveda bath products were a nice touch and the views from our room- the East River in one direction, and the Empire State Building in another, were magical.The staff were extremely professional, from the front desk people, to housekeeping and the doormen (who my girls thought were just so cool!). What made such a lasting impression on us, though, was the friendliness of every staff member that we encountered and their willingness to do whatever they could to make our stay as memorable as possible.On most mornings, we ate breakfast at Rare, the onsite restaurant, and found this to be a very pleasant, relaxing way to start the day (and the servings were huge!) In the evenings, this place is buzzing with atmosphere and we enjoyed a couple of great family dinners here during our stay.The location of Affinia Shelburne was perfect for us, in a more residential area of Manhattan, away from the craziness of Times Square (although this and many other major attractions are only a leisurely 10-15 minute walk away). Public transport and convenience stores are close by and we felt very safe walking to and from the hotel during the day and at night.David and his team do a fabulous job at Affinia Shelburne. We have already recommended this hotel to numerous family members, friends and colleagues who are intending to travel to NYC in the future. In fact, after such an amazing experience, we ourselves are hoping to return to our &quot;home away from home&quot; as soon as possible!	
Oct 20 2009 	Fantastic renovated hotel in a great location	Having spent many hours and days researching accomodation (as I usually do) and reading alot of trip advisor reviews I am glad I took the time and chose the Shelburne. We arrived at 1230, not expecting our rooms to be ready (check-in is 3pm) so happily completed all the paperwork, had our bags stored and began exploring the city. It is only a 10-20minute walk to Times Sq/5th Avenue/Central Park.The hotel has recently had a renovation, with tasteful furnishings throughout and is a pleasure to come home to every night. The rooms are spacious and come with a refrigerator stocked with mini bar items, hair dryer, Aveda bathroom amentities - shampoo/conditioner/moisturiser. No tea/coffee facilities in the room, however I'm sure you could get this from housekeeping. There is a Starbucks within 2 blocks anyway if you need it. The towels were nice thick too.Our studio room #820 had great views of the Empire State Building. The neighbourhood is quiet for a big city and we had no issue sleeping with the window open and had no worries walking home at night.Taking the advice of other reviewers we ate at Scotty's for breakfast a few times (336 Lexington, just past 39th Street corner). Great eggs, omelettes &amp; pancakes.etcDinner - The hotel bar/restaurant RARE has nice burgers and plenty of drinks. It's a popular bar for locals too so gets busy from 7pm. Groovy atmosphere and well worth some time after a long day of walking.Fagiolini's (Lexington &amp; 39th) - great little ItalianEl Rio Grande (37th Street between Lexington &amp; 3rd) - nice tex mex with a huge choice of fantastic margueritas. They have a bar as well so you can just go for the drinks.Third Avenue has alot of restaurants and convenience stores.The hotel had very friendly staff throughout, including the bar staff and April in Concierge. She was knowledgable and assisted us with restaurant recommendations with great results. I would most definitely stay again and would not hesitate to recommend it to friends. The location was perfect with all the necessary shopping close by. If I could say one small thing that might let it down, is the &quot;My Affinia&quot; pitch. Having read several unfavourable comments about this part of the service on Trip Advisor I was prepared. We asked for a memory pillow and never saw it. It wasn't a priority so didn't bother chasing it up, and no explanation was provided by the hotel. There is a shortage of the walking kits as well, so perhaps tune up your own ipod. (This in no way made our stay a negative one though). We also used the hotel SUV car service (4 people) to JFK which was efficient and very comfortable and only $10 more than a yellow cab. Thanks for a memorable time in NYC. You will be happy you stayed here too.	
Oct 18 2009 	No complaints about here	Enoyed my stay, very helpful and pleasant staff. Room comfortable and good size.Only downside was I was opposite linen cupboard so was a bit noisy outside room when this area was being used by hotel staff. Would return, nice quiet area and close to reataurants coffee shops etc	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice stay in Mid Town	Good price for Xmas time stay. Nice rooms and very cool staff. Central, mid-town location with walking distance to Grand Central and al sorts of Manhattan goodies. Good times!	
Oct 18 2009 	Perfect hotel for our trip back East!	This hotel met our expectations and then some. We booked early, the rates were great for Manhattan. The 1 bedroom suite was on a high floor with view of Chrysler building from the bedroom and the East River from the living room. Perfect for the three of us with room to spread out. We've stayed in other hotels in NY and would come back here in a NY minute. Location was good, too. Rooms were quiet with the exception of the air circulating in the bathroom. We closed the door and it was fine. The restaurant met our needs for dinner on arrival. The housekeeping staff was great; very friendly and accommodating.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great stay	Very nice and very comfortable hotel that gave us the best possible basis for our family-holiday. We will definately come back.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excelent place to stay	I visit NY City frequently for business. The Affinia Shelburne is a great place to stay, trendy and comfortable spaces, nice top floor bar, and a good restaurant. The rooms are spacious and have a small kitchen where you can arrange your own catering. It had just been refurbished, so most of the place is brand new. It is located in Murray Hill, a very residential place very close to corporate mid town. Even though the neighborhood is agreeable, the only remarkable weakness is that there are no subway stations close to the hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	Wonderful way to stay in NY	We stayed at this hotel in a one bedroom deluxe suite for 3 nights just this last weekend and it was wonderful. The front desk staff were very helpful, as was the concierge.The hotel has obviously been refitted very recently and looks lovely for it. Don't be put off by the corridors which are a little worn looking - the rooms and the public areas are beautiful. The suite had clearly been recently newly carpeted, and the furnishings were good. Our suite had a bedroom with a huge double bed, big dresser, big footstool, two bedside cabinets and a large wardrobe. The lounge had a large settee, two chairs and a desk, plus yet another large dresser for storage. There were three coffee tables including one 'tray table'. The lounge and bedroom both had a large flatscreen TV. The kitchenette was small, but very nice with a cooker and glasses. The bathroom was quite tiny and didnt have much surface area but was very well appointed with a good shower, heated towel rail and sink.All rooms had a variety of lighting options (desklamp, dimming stand lamp, ceiling lamp etc) and there was a cdplayer/radio/clock in the bedroom as well as an ironing board+iron, safe and hairdryer. The only criticism I had was that although there were 2x glasses and 2x wine glasses, there was no crockery or cutlery in the room - however housekeeping were very helpful and if we had asked, I am sure we would have received immediately.It was a wonderful stay and i would never take a single room over a suite in NY again. The prices were not cheap however and although we did ask how much it would be to extend our stay by a couple of nights, it proved too expensive at such short notice.The location was great in my opinion. The hotel is located on the corner of Lexington and 37th (between 37 and 38) and we walked everywhere (even down to Ground Zero). Times Square took about 15 minutes on foot but we thought this was perfectly adequate and didnt use a taxi until we went to the airport.Great location, great hotel, great staff, great suites - stay here!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great hotel great customer service	We have just arrived home after 6 nights at the Affinia Shelburne in NY. We were unsure about the location (37th and Lexington) when we were booking, but are very glad that we stayed there. It is close to Grand Central Station and easy walking distance to all areas of Manhattan.The hotel is updated, with modern style furnishings and very clean, but what really stands out and make this a fabulous place to stay is the staff!! Each and everyone of them were wonderful, willing to help and very accommodating.We had an issue with elevator noise in our room and asked that we be moved,... no problem... it was taken care of while we were out touring. We were treated very well and always greeted with a smile when ever we approached the desk.We would gladly stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great value for money - I loved every minute of the stay	This is my third visit to New York and both the city and the hotel keeps getting better. I was given a room on the 9th floor with a nice unblocked view from the window. I could even see some of the river. The room was sparklnig clean and very spacious. A queen size bed, desk with a comfortable chear. A 32 &quot; flatscreen with lots of channels and my personal favorite - a refrigerator. There was also little room for a chaiselong. The bathroom seemd to be newly renovated and quite large. Very nice decor and again very clean. To save a litle on the environment one could hang ones towel and the staff knew you could use it another day.A some point I had a problem with the lighting and had to call the frontdesk. A very helpful lady promised to send a technician and 5 mins later the technician came and fixed the problem. I did not talk very much with the staff but they were always smiling and very helpful towards the people they were helping. One minor thing is that there was not very much wardrobe storage but then again there was plenty of space for the suitcases.The location is ideal. Away from the noisy Times Square and close to Grand Central Station and the great food market at Grand Central.	
Oct 13 2009 	Affinia Shelburne	This hotel was the best priced 4* hotel I could find and I certainley was not disappointed. It is located in Lexington Avenue quite close to Grand Central Station so it is easy to get around to all the main places.The hotel is newly refurbished so is clean and modern and was by far the most up to date in comparison with other hotels we popped in to.The staff were really freindly and helpful and I would definately recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 12 2009	Excellent Hotel in ideal New York Location	Recently back from 3 nights as the Affinia Shelburne. I have been to New York numerous times over the past 15 years and this proved to be the best hotel. We just had a standard room which for New York standards was large. We had 2 double beds allocated as requested which was a bonus which doesn't always happen. We arrived early and were checked in immediately which was another bonus. Staff were friendly, helpful and efficient, expecially the Doormen. Elevators were slow but somebody informed me there were more around the corner which we could have used. Our room was on the 5th floor which offered an excellent view of the Empire State Building. Room was modern with a great deask and good sized TV. Room was clean and furnishings of a high standard, even my mum commented and she is hard to please, although she would have like a Tea Maker in the room. Rootop Bar is an excellent touch and allows you to chill out after a long day sightseeing. Location is excellent, less than 10 minutes walk to Grand Central and Empire State Building. It is a perfect location which is aware from the noise of Times Square and offers you a bit more of an authentic New York Stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	Rocky start -- fine finish	On arrival, we had to schlep our luggage into the hotel and down 5 steps to check-in. The doorman/bellhop was more interested in chatting up the girls going into the bar. There was some confusion over what type of room we had reserved. But after checking my confirmation printout (always take this with you) all was resolved to our satisfaction. The room (bedroom plus living room) made our one week stay very comfortable. It's a great location with easy nearby transportation. The restaurant downstairs was reasonable with good food.	
Oct 9 2009 	Most Excellemt Stay	I am just getting ready to depart this Gem of a Hotel but would be remiss if I didn't comment on the past 7 days that we have spent here. The hotel, the staff and the neighbourhood are just excellent and we have no complaints whatsoever! Despite what you may read from others on this forum this hotel is exceptional and we will return again. We bought a seven day NYC Transit pass and travelled throughout the city on buses, subways and ferries and I gotta tell you that this is the way to go. You get to experience this fantastic city and her people. I LOVE NEW YORK and the Affina Shelburne!L &amp; LHamilton, ON Canada	
Oct 8 2009 	great value in central location	Recently remodeled hotel in a charming neighborhood. We were able to walk to many locations including Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Plaza, Grand Central Station (subways).	
Oct 6 2009 	friendly helpful staff	It was my first time in New York. The staff at the Affinia Gardens gave wonderful directions, insight to the city. The hotel was very central, easy to come back to and as quiet as it can get in the middle of all the action. Lisa	
Sep 26 2009 	Good staff excellent location	The location is really a very good one for the weekly rate deal we have got from the internet. The first queen bed room we've got at the 11th.floor was small (not a surprise, it is a New York std.) and the air conditioning device was annoying, blowing straight to my face, after complaining to the front desk they didn`t show much interest for my situation; she just said they were sold out ! after that I had the opportunity to speak directly to day manager, the gentleman was very kind to us, understood our situation to and acted promptly to get us better accomodations, so we have got very happy ! It has a nice modern decoration. Internet access from the main lobby is too expensive ! We recommend this hotel because they have people like Mark that are ready to walk that extra-mile to help a foreigner in the concrete jungle.	
Sep 22 2009 	Very disappointed in our outcome... it could have been great but wasn't	This hotel has some definite pros and cons, many of which other reviewers mentioned. A couple pros: even the smallest room (which we had) is big for New York standards, the staff was quiet but still courteous and helpful, and the rates were reasonable. Lobby spacious and pretty, with computers. (They had some kind of spa-like aromatherapy thing going on scent-wise, which my sister loved, but was a little much for me.) We didn't try the restaurant or fitness center, but both looked perfectly acceptable. And we didn't venture over to the pool at the other Affinia nearby, but that's a nice option.Some cons: slow elevators, lots of noise from renovation (room next door to us,) no coffee maker. Also, we were told our &quot;My Affinia&quot; requests were ready and waiting (which they weren't, and never did show after repeated requests.) I'm torn over the location. Yes, it's walkable to Times Square, 30 Rock but definitely not a stroll. Really convenient to Grand Central and Empire State Building. Only close to green line of the subway. I guess it depends how close to the 'action&quot; you want to be.So we went into this fully aware of those types of details, from tripadvisor, but I had high hopes that the Shelburne could exceed, because we were using a gift certificate that I won at a charity auction. The certificate was issued by the hotel itself, and invited the recipients to be &quot;special guests&quot; of the Shelburne. It wasn't specific as to what that meant exactly, but with a $1000 value, it seemed like that could be a really nice weekend. Let me just say, they were kind enough to tweak the terms right away, letting us check in a day earlier than specified, and also letting us add an extra day for a reasonable price. But from that point on, our experience was NOT SO HOT. From my initial contact with the manager, David, I had asked what would be included in our weekend as &quot;special guests&quot; (their words, not mine.) The manager said that because the room was a $500 value (it had two beds) our first 2 days were the full value of the certificate. No meals, no extras, no drink at the bar. Okay, not what I was expecting to hear, but surely a $500 room surely would be nice, right? WRONG. When we arrived, they stuck us in one of the smallest rooms, across from the elevator, right next to a room under contruction. (One morning, we were not so pleasantly roused from sleep by a drill; the next day, a shop vac.) The bathroom vanity was ridiculously tiny, with no shelf or anything, with only the back of the toilet for keeping your toiletries handy, which is not great for three people. I realized pretty much right away that this was not a $500 room. A quick check online put our room at $250 (with the larger, more suite-like rooms going for $369 and up.) And I was REALLY irked when I saw online that this room says max 2 people when you are booking, and here they stuck THREE of us in there. Our room had no coffee maker, no lovely granite pantry or kitchenette (but we managed to squish some drinks and snacks in around the honor bar items.) Yes, we fit just fine, but this was not what was implied by the certificate. If it had been just me, or my family, I would have complained quite vigorously, but I was with friends who didn't want to move or make a fuss. Compared to other rooms they had experienced in New York (i.e. no room to walk around bed, no room for luggage, etc) this one was pleasant and decently sized and they were not inclined to want to move. I went along with that to make my friends happy, but I was getting more and more steamed at the &quot;special guest&quot; line, because no My Affinia amenities ever showed up, even after repeated requests. They never delivered the paper as promised. Also, part of me was expecting at least a &quot;Hi, how are we doing?&quot; phonecall, or a welcoming note, but nothing. And I kept hoping our My Affinia &quot;complimentary&quot; kit would show up with the maid at some point. Or that internet would be comped. Or they would remember THEY had invited us as &quot;special guests for the weekend&quot; and offer us a drink or some breakfast. But they NEVER DID. Not even a peep. Affinia has a long way to go to reach the level of service that they boast. We visit New York frequently and Affinia had the chance to win over new customers, and they failed, actually falling quite flat. In my experience, Kimpton properties still win hands down. It really felt like the Shelburne shut us away in the closet, despite the promise the weekend offered ($1000 value, my foot.) You don't want to rush back to a place where you are not treated fairly.	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect location great value - but no luxury	From my point of view, this hotel is in the best location any leisure traveller to Manhattan could seek: Midtown East, close to everything from Empire State Building (5mins walk), Macy's (5mins), Grand Central Station (5mins), Fith avenue, Madison Avenue, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square etc (all between 10 and 20 mins walk). And the location is the no. 1 asset of the hotel. The lobby is modern and nice, the rooms are semi-modern except for the bathrooms and kitchenettes which are entirely new and very nice again. Cleanliness was almost always very good, the service is only ok.We spent 5 nights in a Deluxe One Bedroom Suite on the 14th floor (out of 16 floors in total) and were happy with it. No great views but very quiet for NYC which was great with two small kids. The room had about 50-60 sqm with living area with large sofa bed and a separate bedroom, plus the kitchenette and the bathroom. Room size was very large for NYC. All in all a very good and solid hotel in a perfect location, but also given the competitive rates, do not expect luxury when you go there.We would definitely go there again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Superb value	I cannot speak highly enough of the Affinia Shelburne. From our arrival, everything went perfectly, with a friendly and efficient front desk, a high level of staff attention and cleanliness, large rooms and excellent decor. Our three year old loved it.It's in a quieter part of the city but that for us meant it was a sanctuary. The neighbourhood does have most things you need and the subway is close. The pricing was very competitive too.Five stars all the way.	
Sep 17 2009 	Nice hotel in good midtown spot	stayed at Affinia Shelburne for 6 nights for my birthday the last week in August.Booked basic Studio suite - big size room for NYC standards - huge King Size (in UK a super king at 6ft wide) and comfy pillow top mattress with down duvet- although only 3 pillows - another one as standard would have been good - although you can call housekeeping for more. Fridge/mini bar had plenty space for our own bottles of water - tho no coffee maker as standard - again could be asked for on request but id rather it was just in the room. Aircon worked great competing with the 90 degree heat outside!had an internal facing room - no view but only there to sleep - so it was very quiet apart from some other guests at night who dont appear to care that they bang their doors as they enter their rooms - some people are just rude i guess.bathroom compact but completely functional. Housekeeping was very good - cleaned room early in the day. Big TV with lots of channels - even HBO! Internet rates were very expensive in the lobby - at 50cents a minute - most of the cheaper chains offer this free these days.Check-in was simple - they are helpful and friendly enough - I picked this hotel given a wonderful customer experience we had at the Affinia Chicago in 2008 where all the staff were so friendly and chatty and couldnt do enough to help - (Highly recommend if youre going to CHicago and very similarly styled rooms) - not quite at that great customer level here in New York but then maybe thats the NYC attitude?The Hotel is a good bet - its clean, newly refurbed and quiet - what i was looking for after a busy day and night on the streets of Manhattan! would recommend and would always consider the Affinia group as they seem to be upgrading all of their hotels and providing a very good product.Lots of dining options near by - Scottys 24hr Diner up on 38th was a good breakfast place and we were never disappointed there. even the food concourse at Grand Central on 42nd had some good bakery/ pizza options if your looking for a decent snack.Gordon Ramsay's Maze restaurant at hte London NYC hotel was very good - real fine dining experience. For cheap and good fresh eats we couldnt fault 5 Napkin Burger on 45th or Ruby Tuesday on Times Square.didnt eat at the hotel restaurant Rare (mainly burgers, salads) as had been recommended 5 Napkin burger and went there instead.	
Sep 16 2009 	Very nice...convenient location!	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The rooms were really nicely sized, with a separate area that had a fridge/micro and sink! The bed was so very comfy! The bathroom is a bit small...but very clean and very nicely decored. There is a long desk, and the tv was really great (flat panel that extends out). There is an extra chair for lounging. The closet was nice, and the hangers were the type you could actually pul off and use! My only disappointment was that we requested a high floor and got floor 5 with no view except for the other side of the building. There is no gift shop or market (unlike the Dumont). You will have to walk to 34th to Murray Hill Market (or call for delivery). The restaurant RARE was ok...we had take out, it was nothing special. Overall, we loved the hotel...it was really nice (elevator needs to be updated). It would be nice if the hotel had a small gift shop area for water, drinks..etc--but it's New York~you can find somewhere close by. Door men are really nice as well! :) Last but not least..you have to pay for interent, we paid the $62.95 for the week. It would have been nice if the hotel offered FREE wifi, but then again if most hotels in the area do not, then I understand why this hotel didn't.	
Sep 16 2009	Wonderful Experience	We stayed at the Affinia for three nights (although we originally only planned on 2) to celebrate my birthday. We had three rooms, 2 regular rooms with a queen bed and 1 one bedroom suite, all of the rooms were fantastic. The service is wonderful, especially Paul who is one of the night doormen, and the concierge had wonderful recommendations. Our flight out on Sunday ended up getting canceled so we came back to the hotel and they were so accommodating. They gave us a penthouse suite for the same price that we had originally paid for our room the first two nights instead of the increased price that it should have been. The rooms are so tasteful and spacious, and the bathrooms are terrific. The Shelburne is in a perfect location to get everywhere, and in one of the most beautiful residential parts of town. We would definitely come back, and plan on doing so in December. We usually stay at one of the W hotels, but had just as wonderful amenities and service at a better price.If you want to keep some small groceries in your room, you cant beat the Grand Central Market at Grand Central Station. I fell in LOVE with this store. Wonderful pastries, meats, cheeses, premade meals that you can heat up in the room microwave, and flowers. Its on Lexington just past 42nd street.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for five nights and loved it, the room was modern great bed and funky furniture, staff very helpful, in great location, found good restaurants in area. My wife was dissapointed with other hotels because this one was so comfortable, great soap too. Would recommend to anyone going to New York.	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent location large clean rooms staff very friendly!	What a brilliant hotel! What can I say, we really enjoyed our stay with Affinia. The rooms was lovely, double bed with bathroom. Very neat and tidy, generous size. Housekeeping were very friendly and we used their room service which was brought in a very timely fashion with great staff. Location is perfect. Just a couple of blocks away from Central Station, Times Square, Empire State Building, Madison Avenue, Fifth Avenue. We used their limo service to get back to the Airport. It was great compared to the shuttle service we used when we landed.We will be back on our next visit to New York.	
Sep 11 2009 	Really Good Hotel. I would highly recommend.	This was my first trip to NYC and I really wasn't sure what to expect. I booked the trip online and reviewed recommendations and researched other reviews and basically crossed my fingers and hoped for the best. The Affinia Shelburne was a very nice hotel in a great location. It was within walking distance of the great sites and first time New York visit wants to visit. The Chrysler building, Empire State and for catching the subway nothing better than Grand Central Terminal.Everyone one of the employees was friendly and accommodating from the moment we arrived. They offered maps and recommendations to sites and restaurants. My husband and I were expecting that &quot;New York attitude&quot; and never ever encountered it. The room was just the right size and the bathroom was enormous. Our view was of the rooftops of the nearby buildings, which have some great New York rooftop gardens. The only incident that occurred was there was a problem with the bathroom. I called down to guest services to report and they stated they would send someone right up. We went ahead a left and two hours later the problem had not been corrected. I called again and within five minutes someone was there to handle the situation, but once the situation was handled housekeeping was needy and they were not called, so I had to correct that problem myself. So the only negative I would say was they were not originally responsive and they were not proactive in handling this situation. Outside of that incident it was a great stay. I would definitely stay here again. The location and 99.9% of the service was excellent. I would other reviews that told of problems with noise and staff but I was always comfortable and relaxed. As a mentioned the locations to landmarks and the Murray Hill neighborhood is fantastic. I would also stay here again just to be able to visit Scotty’s Diner. Scotty’s Diner is located about a block south down from the hotel and it was one of our favorite places. The food was classic diner fare and the service was extraordinary.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location Large Clean Rooms	We stayed at the Affinia Shelburne for 5 nights and thought the location was terrific, the rooms are large and clean, excelent maid service, Simon at the front desk was great - the others were not as friendly but if you get Simon he will answer any questions, is very pleasant. April at the conceirge desk was also terrific - we spent a lot of time getting her to help us figure out where we were going - she has great patience!!! The only problem that we had at the hotel was in the restaurant where the service was not great - our first experience was good and then we went back the second time - our waiter was slow and not very efficient but we thought we would try it again on our last day for breakfast (we only ate breakfas there) and the waitress was slow even though we told her we were in a hurray she wasn't - she spent most of her time chatting with another waiter - ignorning the clients - so be wary - if you are in a hurray - you should think about eating here.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location but bad service. My Affinia doens't work at all!	We just got back from NYC this week, and stayed at Affinia Shelburne for 4 nights. We love the location, only 5 blocks from Grand Central station, and walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave, etc. The room was clean and nicely decorated. Although I do hope that some amenities are included such as bottle opener (since beer and wine are in the mini bar).Besides that, this hotel didn't go above and beyond to make my stay more pleasurable like they advertised in the website. My Affinia is suppose to help me customize my stay with added stuff, etc. I cancelled my reservation with another hotel based on this customizable options. I asked for some pillows from their pillow menu, cribs for my baby, walking experience kit, and a few toiletries items and universal laptop charger. When I checked in, none on the items were in the room. A quick call to the front desk, I got the stuff delivered, but not all of them. I was missing a bunch of items, including my walking experience kit. We checked with front desk the next day, and the guy at the front desk was not very happy to help out, and he reluctantly checked it on his PC, and read out the list for me (as if I do not know what i have requested). After I told him the items that were missing, he said he will deliver it later that day. When i got back to my room in the evening, not all the items were delivered! When i asked again, he told me that they were out of them. THE REASON I PRE-ORDERED ON MY AFFINIA online is so that I WILL BE ABLE TO GET IT, BEFORE it runs out! Luckily my husband did not trust My Affinia even after i told him that Affinia will provide us with laptop charger. He brought it with him! Whew...I sure hope that Affinia will improve on their customer service. I was not impress with it when i called to ask questions before I made my reservation, but thought that I should give it a try because of all the good reviews. I should have trusted my instinct and went with the other hotel which was so much better when I called them up. Affinia should either remove &quot;My Affinia&quot; from their website, or make sure that things that we ordered through Online Conceirge are delivered like they promised!	
Sep 8 2009 	Gorgeous hotel with accomodating staff	I read a lot of reviews and almost cancelled our stay at this hotel. We are Affinia fans; have stayed at 4 of them in New York, so we were excited to try out this newly renovated hotel at Lexington and 37th. There were 4 in our immediate party; myself, husband, 17 year old son and 13 year old daughter. We were on our annual pilgrimage to the U.S. Open.The interiors are gorgeous; my husband and I are both architects so we appreciate good design and we are a little snobbish about it. The rooms are spacious and well planned. We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite upon arrival, with a gorgeous terrace looking out at the Empire State Building. Love the furniture; chair in the living room turns into a flat recliner and the sofa bed was super comfy (according to my daughter). The beds in the bedroom were comfortable, as usual. The bathrooms were lovely with a walk-in shower. I saw reviews that the bathrooms were small - our brother-in-law and his family stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and their bathroom wasn't huge, but not tiny by any stretch. Flat screen tv's in each bedroom and in the living room.If you want a coffee maker in your room request it at the front desk. The refrigerator in the kitchen is a small one, but really nice, it has an icemaker built in. The oven is a microwave/convection oven. In other words; the kitchen is good for reheating food, but you really can't cook in it. We requested bowls and utensils so we could eat cereal in the morning or for a snack. We didn't use the fitness center but we did go down and take a look; very nice. I was on vacation so wasn't interested in working out, but the equipment was really nice and the room was clean. What else can I say? Our family just loves the Affinia brand. The staff is always spot on when you ask for anything. They are super friendly and were greeting us by name by day 2. If I had any complaint it would be we didn't care for the neighborhood as much as the Affinia 50 (right around the corner from Rockefeller center). It's a nice neighborhood, just not a lot of activity. However, you are 5 blocks to Grand Central Station, so you can go anywhere in the city quickly.We didn't eat at the restaurant, but our extendid family did and they said the food was delicious; best oatmeal and french toast they ever had. We went to the Murray Hill Diner and can highly recommend it - excellent prices and excellent food.The prices are super reasonable at this hotel, especially given the size of the rooms. We will be back.	
Sep 8 2009 	Clean comfortable 	Our room was the most spacious we've had in NYC, with a really comfortable bed &amp; a choice of 5 types of pillows. All members of staff we came in contact with were polite and helpful. The rooms were cleaned to a high standard. We had a fridge and a coffee / tea machine.We chose this hotel for the value for money and we weren't disappointed and the close proximity to Grand Central as were going to Flushing Meadow every day. And the fact that you can use the pool and jacuzzi at the sister hotel - we didn't get around to that though!The hotel room was very quiet and there was no disturbance or noise from any rooms. There is also a rooftop bar which gives you a great view of the Empire State Building.We had breakfast at either Scotty's Diner, which was great value for money and just a block &amp; a half away (uptown), or the slightly more upmarket Blooms, which was 2 blocks away.(also uptown) There's a great deli the Old Bridge - 3 blocks uptown for any sandwiches or DIY salads or also do breakfast there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Dont hesitate to choose this hotel!	Just returned from 6 days in New York. Affinia Shelburne is wonderful! The rooms are exceptionally beautiful and spacious. We have travelled to many places and this hotel was definitely in the top 2. The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. THe doorman was exceptionally friendly and helpful, giving us directions and getting a cab when needed. The location is ideal and to be able to view the Empire State Building from your window is exceptional! Lots of little restaurants, delis and markets are close by so finding food, drinks and snacks at reasonable costs was no problem. Feeding teenagers can be expensive but we actually ate better and cheaper within 2 blocks of the Affinia Shelburne than we have in any other American city to date. THe area was clean and safe; we never felt in danger at any time of day or night. The beds were exceptionally comfortable, the linens were outstanding. The only disappointment was that we were expecting a kitchenette but there was only a microwave and no dishes/cutlery. We asked for a toaster and one was brought up immediately. Bought paper plates at Walgreens around the corner for a $1 and used plastic utensils so this wasnt a issue. If you are hoping to cook though, look for another hotel. The real glass glasses were a treat as compared to standard plastic hotel fare. The only other disappointment was strictly a design function and no reflection on the hotel. There are no shower doors (modern design) so the bathroom gets soaked with every shower. No bathroom fan either so everything is damp. But if that is all there is to complain about in a hotel...there is nothing to complain about!!! Internet costs $10/day but I understand that is common in NYC. You can print your boarding passes for free in the lobby which was a nice feature. STAY HERE!!! YOU CANT GO WRONG!!!	
Aug 31 2009	Very pleasant stay - lovely room	I traveled into the city with my daughter and her best friend for some back to school shopping and fun. We got into the city well before check-in time on our first day and we were greeted by very friendly staff and surprised by having our room ready and waiting. The room itself was better than my expectations - sometimes the rooms don't live up to the pictures on the internet. The room was lovely, spacious (the biggest I had ever stayed at in the city), and clean. We also loved the location - being away from the hustle and bustle of the Times Square area was a pleasure, but yet it was so close to everything we needed. I would absolutely book another stay the next time I travel into the city.	
Aug 30 2009	every need met and question answered a beautiful hotel in a great location with top notch staff	My wife and I got married in New York 2 weeks ago, we set up a block for our guests at the Shelburne and stayed 2 nights there as well. From the beginning the staff was great, the block was set up through Margo in the group service department and all went smoothly, she even secured rooms at the block rate the week of for a few friends who changed plans and decided at the last minute to stay in the city. David Sandler was the manager while we were ther and he and all the staff were excellent, they took care of everyone and addressed any problems(one couple needed a different room with a bigger bed due to the husbands snoring and were promptly accommodated)My wife and I had separate rooms the night before the wedding and transferred to one for the wedding night, the staff moved our belongings for us while we were at the party so we didnt have to worry about it.All our guests had nothing but raves for the staff and rooms. The regular rooms were good sized by new York standards and our suites were huge and beautifully done. The lobby has been redesigned recently and was very chic the restaurant bar was fun and the food good for both brunch and dinner. The rooftop bar was open for one night we were there(it is closed on sundays) and was a blast with great views and lots of spots to sit and talk to people we hadnt seen in years.The area the hotel in is great, there are plenty of restaurants bars etc in the area and a great bagel place a block away. The best part is being close to transportation to get anywhere in the city you wish(if you skip the subway and need a cab the doormen take care of that in an instant)I cant say enough about the staff, they all were pleasant and accommodating but never overbearing and I am notoriously picky when it comes to service.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location Excellent Staff	I have just returned from a week long stay at the Affina Murray Hill – an excellent hotel. Ignore the moaners that have posted reviews, this is a very good hotel for the price and the service was brilliant.Prior to booking a hotel in NY I did extensive research on the best customer rated hotels in my price range and the Affina impressed me for three main reasons, firstly the location and secondly the fact the management regularly respond to negative reviews (so are clearly keen to listen to feedback) and thirdly the fact it has recently been renovated (very nicely too!).Having lived in NY for 4 months several years ago, I was very confident that the location of the Affina would tick all the boxes for getting to the tourist sites and shops. There is no ‘perfect’ location in New York, if you want to explore the whole city, inevitably wherever you stay, some places will entail a bit of a treck to get to. However, the Affina is great for a walk to all mid-town areas (Empire State, Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, Central Station, UN Building etc) and is only a very short walk away to the 6 train (either at Grand Central or on 33rd Street) and is slightly longer 20 min brisk walk to the 1,2,3 trains (at Penn Station), so it was easy to get everywhere.The neighbourhood is very safe – we walked back from the subway after 2am on some nights and it was quiet and didn’t feel threatened at all. There are several bars in the area a 5 min walk away. I would highly recommend the rooftop bar on the hotel, it is only open when its not raining, but is very plush and has a great atmosphere and great service…. Not to mention views which are spectacular.The bar off the lobby – RARE – is excellent as well. Top class service from the bar and waiting staff and it has a really good atmosphere. We found it a great way to start and end a night out. The food there is great, and very reasonably priced (classic burger for nine dollars!). The breakfast there is also very reasonably priced (ten dollars for coffee, juice, toast and a full cooked breakfast!).The hotel itself is of a very high standard – the lobby area is very comfortable and stylish and very clean. We were very impressed with the size of our room. Having stayed in New York Hotels previously and many in London, city hotel rooms are generally very small…. We only had a standard room, but it was massive! The beds were I think queen size and the bed linen (and much commented upon pillows…!) were very comfortable and in fact I would go as far to say the best bed I have ever had from a hotel. We also had a microwave and fridge in our room, which were a nice touch, but we didn’t use them. The air con was a god send in 90 degree heat, and having been shown how to switch it off (found it silent at night… just use the control panel on the actual metal unit on the left hand side to set the fan speed and switch off completely) and the thermostat on the wall controls the temperature.The bathroom was ample size and very very clean (I’m quite fussy over bathrooms and this had nothing to complain about). My only slight moan would be that the bath towels could have been bigger, but they did leave you 4 of them, so more than made up for size in quantity!The elevator is slow at times, but that’s only because at 9am in the morning, you get a lot of people checking out, filling the lift with cases and it takes a while…. If you can’t handle a five minute wait – you are missing out on a great hotel! We found it quite nice the way guests would talk in the elevator or whilst waiting for it, rather a nice touch, personally.As for noise – we genuinely didn’t hear anything that caused us any alarm. Indeed on some nights, we commented it was so quiet we couldn’t believe we were in a city. We were on the back of the hotel into the atrium, so no road noise. There was some slight music noise form the upstairs bar, but as we were not in bed at 8pm, didn’t bother us…. If you were looking for an early night on a Friday night, there could possibly be some noise you may want to consider.By way of accommodation – I could not fault the hotel. We got excellent rates on Expedia and I would recommend the Affina to any friends/colleagues coming to New York, providing it keeps getting good reviews, I would definitely return next year.The service we received from the hotel staff was also of a high standard I can’t fault anyone. Door staff were excellent, the member of staff who carried our bags to the room, gave us a tour of the facilities and how to operate the air con (including how to turn it off), how to use the TV, fridge, ice box, lights, lamps and microwave…. This saved us so much time! The cleaner was never seen or heard, but did a great job – every morning when we got back from breakfast our room was made fresh. The reception and concierge were all helpful with our queries. Maintenance in particular were very helpful – when we arrived, I had a problem with my hair straighteners (voltage issues… nothing to do with the hotel) and I wanted to borrow an adapter…. Reception didn’t have any, but sent someone up from maintenance to see if they could help, after playing around with them, he went to get an adapter for me…. Although it still didn’t work, it was just excellent service helping me with something that wasn’t even the hotel’s problem. In the end it couldn’t be fixed so they directed me to the nearest shop to buy some (on a Sunday evening). We also had maintenance change lamps in the room, which we hadn’t even reported as broken, because the cleaning staff had noticed a bulb out….My only suggestions about how the hotel could be improved are to make Wi-Fi free (or at least have pc's in the lobby with free acess to the internet. I only wanted to quickly check emails or facebook and it was thirteen dollars a day or sixty nine for the week..... way too much! Also, tea or coffee making facilities in the room would have been most welcome. Whilst im sure if we had asked, they would have provided them, it would have been nice to be able to make a cuppa in the morning.All in all – whilst we didn’t spend that much time in our room as we were out exploring, whilst in New York on a tiring week, if your hotel is awful it really can ruin your entire trip – so I am very pleased that all the research I put in to find a great hotel paid off and we had an excellent stay….. My summary is that it is an excellent value hotel, great rooms and facilities and helpful staff. P.S – I can highly recommend Rossini’s restaurant on 38th Street between Lexington and Park…. It is very old school new york, with a pianist most nights and only 2 min walk from the hotel. It was wonderful.	
Aug 27 2009 	Disappointing--not up to usual Affinia standards.	We've enjoyed our stays at other Affinia properties--but not this stay at the Affinia Shelburne. We called prior to arrival to request early check-in--but were told that we would just have to ask when we arrive (they didn't take our name or note our request). We arrived 1 1/2 hours before check in and were told there wasn't a room available unless we wanted to pay $30 for an upgrade. We were going to spend very little time in the room, so we declined. When we returned before dinner, we apparently had been upgraded to a larger room (very nice size with a microwave and frig)--leading us to wonder why we couldn't have been placed in this room at arrival.With the exception of the doorman, we did not find the staff to be very friendly--or as friendly as other Affinia properties.The kids had take Affinia up on their offer for special pillows, and we had requested the neighborhood experience kit--none of which were available when we arrived. On our way out for a show we asked about the pillows and were told they would be delivered. When we returned at 10:30--still no pillows so we called again. We called at 11:25 to tell the staff that if the pillows were not already on their way, to cancel our request (the kids were waiting up for their special pillows). Finally, the pillows were delivered. If Affinia is going to go out of its way to offer special pillows (which isn't necessary) then it must deliver. If you can't deliver--don't offer. We never rec'd the experience kit--and we did not follow up on our request for it.When we finally tried to go to sleep, a very noisy a/c unit kept the adults awake. I adjusted the thermostat some--but it was about 90 degrees, so I could not turn off the unit. I saw limited options for resolving this at midnight with 2 sleeping kids. I had little faith that earplugs would be delivered in a timely manner.When I spoke to the manager the next day, he offered his business card for a potential upgrade on my next stay. After much negotiation, he agreed to give us a $50 credit. I'm disappointed because when I book a hotel for sleep, then get very little sleep due to late arriving pillows and a noisy a/c; I do not believe I get my money's worth.	
Aug 26 2009 	Ignore the moaners and just book it !!!!!!!!!!	We recently stayed at the Shelburne for 4 nights in a 1 bed suite. I booked this hotel mainly due to the location - 10 minute walk to Grand Central and the excellent price on Expedia.Upon check in we were offered an upgrade from a standard room to a suite for $30 a night - BARGAIN !!! Expedia priced the same room at an extra £300 !!!The room 820 was lovely with a devine super king size bed in a seperate bedroom and a king size pull out sofa in the living area. With two bathrooms and an extra fridge in the bedroom the extra $30 a night was money well spent as it allowed us to purchase cereal and drinks for breakfast.The housekeeping staff were excellent - they ensured our room was cleaned and the sofa bed remade and stored away every day.Reception staff were extremely friendly especially Padima ???? who checked us in as were the bell staff.As for the previous reviewer who moaned about flies - this is New York for gods sake and as it was over 90 degrees every day with 80% humidity some level of insect activity is inevitable.For anyone considering the Shelburne my advice is book a standard room and pay the upgrade fee direct to the hotel, be prepared for a small slow lift - the same as all other NY hotels I have stayed in, and ignore the reviews from people who whinge about nothing other than flies in summer and absent irons !!!!	
Aug 25 2009 	A Great Value	We've stayed at several hotels in Manhattan, and decided to stay at the Affinia Shelburne for a recent wedding. And are we glad we did. The rooms were very spacious for NYC, and updated in every way [stylish decor, new fixtures/lights/appliances/flatscreen TV, new bathroom]. We found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful --- case in point: we had a room on the 8th floor that faced Lexington &amp; 37th, and needless to say, there were lots of honking taxi cabs and sirens. We asked if we could switch rooms and were immediately given keys to two other rooms for inspection. We selected the one we wanted [a bit of an upgrade] and were transferred no questions asked. Pros: Good value for the money, great staff, updated amenities, great bar in the lobby, excellent rooftop bar scene with views of Empire State Building and Chrysler Building.Cons: The Murray Hill section is not an exciting part of town, about a 5 block walk to the subway, the closest NYC sites are 15 minute walk away (UN Building, Empire State Building, NY Public Library, Grand Central Station).Recommendations: ask for a room away from Lexington/37th for quiet night's sleep; grab a drink at the rooftop at night; print your airline boarding passes for free in the lobby; for dinner try Blue Smoke down on Lexington/27th ~ great BBQ and Jazz; for dessert go to Golosi on 42nd/Park Ave ~ best gelato in town;	
Aug 18 2009 	Flies Flies and more Flies...!!	My husband and I were referred this hotel by one of my trustworthy colleagues. Since we have never visited NY before for leisure, I was unsure of a good hotel. (I should have gone with the Fitzpatrick Manhattan which was my first choice). Affina Shelburne check in/out was good. Location great - close to shopping, restaurants etc. Concierge, April and door man Dennis were great as well. Room size was good. RARE grill, expensive and not the cleanest. Front Desk and service - ok. Elevators - small and very slow. Remodel - tried to look expensive, quality of the renovation work was not good at all.We arrived at the hotel and check in was good since it was early part of the day. I asked if our room was ready at front desk since it was before checkin in time and she said yes, I also asked if some preferences that I included in my reservation and asked if those were able to be accomodated. She advised yes and proceeded to give us our room key etc. Note: I did confirm that all rooms had showers AND a bathtub before booking my reservation and the answer was YES. We proceeded to the room with the bell man and baggage (elevator very small and slow) and the room she gave us was a walk in shower with a shower curtain - one of my requests was a glass shower with a tub. So we went back to the front desk and queried again and now I was told that some rooms have showers and tubs with the shower curtain, others just have the glass shower or walk in shower. So I told them that I would like a tub please, so she gave us the key to another room. We said we will check it out before dragging our luggage to another room and be unsatisfied. Checked it out and there was a shower and tub alright with a GREAT BIG BLACK MOLD LINE were the grout/caulking finishes for the tile and where the tub begins - GROSS. So needless to say we didn't take that room and since there was no one from fron desk accompanying us we couldn't show them, but we told them. So now we are on to our 3rd room. This room had the similiar issue with the tub, but not as bad, a rust ring around the tub faucet, hair on the shower curtain liner and in the tub and dirt on the mirror. We complained again and housekeeping came and changed the shower liner (which they apologized for) and noted the black grout/mold would have to be cleaned while we were out because of the kind of chemical they were going to use. Housekeeping also advised that it all may not come out becaue that is the kind of grout/caulking that was used. OK, by this time we are tired and irritated. So we just settled in this room (which was room #1501 on the 15th floor) which was by the elevator where I specifically requested NOT TO BE. Well, throughout the night a fly was buzzing around my ears - yes, a fly. Ok - cool, killed it and went back sleep - ANOTHER one came on buzzing....I woke my husband up cos it took me a while to catch that one - had the lighgts on and everything. Finally killed that one - this one was a mosquito looking one and the other was a fruit fly type. The next day we told front desk about it and they said they'll have it checked. While we were getting ready to go out, we killed about another 4 yes 4 and left one visible so they can see it. We let them know we left the dead one for them to see and we went to breakfast in the RARE grill where would you believe the SAME FLIES were there!!! No kidding!!!!!!!!! When we got back to the room, housekeeping had been there, but there was not note stating they checked the fly issue. While we dropping our shopping bags off there was another fruit fly. The bed was made, trashed wasn't emptied and mirror still dirty. We went back out and on our way out we stopped to the front desk to ask if the issue had been looked into. She wasn't sure as she just came in. She offered us to have maintenence come and have a look when we get back and another room but the hotel was totally booked and we could have the room the next night , but we were already irritated. We knew the next room could be worse - I guess the saying, you know what you've got, but you don't know what you're going to get was applied. When we arrived back to the room maintenence came and sprayed some sort of spray - it had VERY VERY MINIMAL ODOR. After it was about 2 or 3 for the rest of our stay. I was sooooo glad to be leaving that hotel at the end of our stay....During checkout we asked could they discount us for the inconvenience of the fly issue and front desk said all they can do is discount our movie which was already discounted because when we went to play it all these lines were showing up you couldn't see the movie and it was frozen!!! The room service lunch they couldn't discount ($49) beacuse the restaurant is not theirs and they couldn't adjust the room rate because of how it was in the computer. So, we were offered compliementary breakfast in the RARE grill....I really wasn't feeling that at all, but we took it. I was confused - you could offer complimentary breakfast to the RARE grill though it's not your restaurant , but you can't take off the lunch and pay for it out of the hote's pocket?! Anyway, at at the grill for breakfast again since I didn't have to pay for it and the flies were still there..;.I thank the hotel for trying to make us comfortable, but I was very disappointed and not impressed with this hotel, I will not return and I will not recommend this hotel to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!BTW - having trouble getting pics of my camera, so sorry couldn't take/post any...	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect hotel perfect location and perfect hospitality. All at agreat price!!!	I researched thoroughly before choosing the Affinia Shelburne. I was leaning toward the Dumont, but was swayed to this one because of the recent renovation, the location in Murray Hill and the reasonable price. When I saw that Shelburne's General Manager had taken the time to post a comment on this site, that tipped the scales. I checked in late with my two teenage daughters and one of their friends. This was a special occasion - my daughter's 18th birthday - so I wanted the trip to be special. I cannot emphasize how PERFECT this hotel was and I have already told all my friends to stay here. We opened our door to Room 1013 and literally started squealing and jumping up and down. Our one-bedroom suite was H-U-G-E by any standards, much less for a hotel in NYC. The layout was perfect: one room with living space, including a sleeper sofa and lamps that I want to buy. The second room had two queen beds. Both had large flat-screen TVs and a refrigerator. (no coffee maker, but one was immediately brought up upon request). The GM had left a pail of candy and a note for us - so touching. I had expected a kitchen. Even better - we had two huge bathrooms with lots of counter space (granite), lighted mirrors and makeup mirrors. For 4 women, 3 of them teens, this was way more practical, and who wants to cook in NY. We had the refrigerators to store water from nearby markets. Our bedroom had a view of the Empire State Building. And the beds were incredibly comfortable. The windows completely block out unwanted light. Other great touches: pillow menu, plush robes, clean, clean rooms. The only snafu was that housekeeping hadn't completely cleaned our room the second morning, but once called, they more than made up for it. The location was so perfect. I can't wait to return with my boyfriend and enjoy the rooftop bar. Rare, the onsite restaurant, seemed incredibly reasonable and was always packed and lively. I definitely want to try that on my next visit. I've done my homework. From now on, I have the place I am staying in New York and it's the Affinia Shelburne!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Hotel Shame about the Staff on Reception	The room was excellent. Well planned and spotless. We are a family of 5 with 3 teenagers so finding a room to accomodate all of us comfortably is no easy task. The Shelburne would have ticked all the boxes was it not for the poor customer service provided by the frontline reception staff. Four times we had to ask for the sofa bet to be made up so we could all go to bed ! No smiling faces...ever. We got the impression it was all too much trouble. After many trips to NYC they were the most miserable bunch I have come across. Please instill in your staff they are the ambassadors for your Hotel. You have such a super hotel here and they are letting it down. The door staff made up for the poor show on reception. They were polite, energetic, fun and helpful at all times. We were so impressed with the facilities we will return (just don't put the rates up!)	
Aug 13 2009 	SORRY...VERY Sorry	I stayed here the night of August 12, 2009. For starters, I would like to suggest that they change the name of this hotel (yet again) to the &quot;Sorry About That Arms&quot;. Here's my story:After a long flight delay getting into LGA, I took comfort in knowing that I was in the &quot;favorites database&quot; of Affinia and that my cupcakes, my sleep mask and my special pillow would be waiting for me.When I asked about it when checking in, the young man at the front desk said &quot;I didn't find you in the database. Sorry about that&quot; (if you are counting, that's #1). (and nothing was ever delivered, either).They gave me a key to room 223. I took the elevator the second floor and after about 10 minutes of searching, discovered there is NO room 223.Back down to the front desk: &quot;Oh, there is no room 223 -- sorry about that (#2) -- you have to enter through room 224.&quot;Back up to the second floor on elevators that are extremely slow. Hmmm...now the key does not work in room 224. Back down to the front desk.&quot;Oh, sorry about that (#3), we should have given you a room key for 224&quot; (Duh!)The bellman takes my new key and escorts me up to 224. Of course, the new key works. I sleep (the hotel was pretty quiet and my room was right on Lexington). I have to give a big speech in the morning, so on arising, I get out the ironing board to iron my shirt. Oh, there is no iron in the room. So I call downstairs. &quot;Hello, good morning...no iron? Oh, sorry about that (#4). We'll get one up to you.&quot;The iron arrives (want to guess what the bellman says when he hands it to me? Too easy, huh? (#5). I plug in the iron and start to iron my shirt, but the iron blows the circuit in the room. Rather than call down for another &quot;sorry about that&quot;, I fumble around in the dark and reset the circuit switch. (Tip: If you stay here and want to iron a shirt, turn off the TV first).I also had lots of guests in my bathroom. Big black ants. Did not call that one in either. Just checked out asap.An unimpressive hotel. I travel to NYC a lot and would I stay here again? Sorry about that.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great stay lovely hotel perfect location wonderful city	We were delighted with our 2 night stay, familys first time in US and this hotel gave a great impression. Its location was ideal for all the sights we wished to visit. The staff were nice and the breakfasts were a fine start to the day. No faults that anyone can remember	
Aug 11 2009 	nice hotel in good location but with non helpful staff	The staff only replied to queries about 50% of the time. Our room was below the bar area and so was noisey. The cleanuing lady on our floor was actually very nice and helpful and much more helpful than reception or the concierge. The receptionist ciould not even pronounce concierge.The hi speed internet was very expensive and the connection was terrible and there was a litany of excuses why it was not working although the internet in reception worked perfectly but you had to pay an arm and a leg to use that. on top of having paid for it already as a wireless service.Generally this hotel is over staffed with lazy staff who think they are too cool to be working in the service industry. it is a real pity as the lcoation is very good and the rooms are of a high quality. The roof top bar is very disappointing also. Basically a great hotel if you dont need to use the interent or need to talk to reception.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great modern clean hotel. Would definitely stay again.	We stayed here after finding a great rate on Travelzoo. The front desk staff upgraded us to a 2 room suite that was available. What a treat! It was very roomy, the beds were comfortable (including the sofa bed!) and everything was very clean. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel. The front desk staff were also helpful in recommending a great Indian buffet down the street for lunch.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel and Wonderful Stay	Hotel and room was very clean. All hotel staff was friendly. Would recommend it to anyone. The bar on the roof was beautiful and great atmosphere. Will definitely stay again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Decent hotel	Upon arrival, did not have room we previously requested (twice!) on a low floor nor specific amenities in the room; we actually never received a requested &quot;experience&quot; kit; concierge knowledgable and friendly; lots of space in one bedroom suite, very comfortable for our party of 2 adults, 2 children (10, 12 yr old) and infant. Toliet spacing unbearably tight in the bathroom but shower was huge? Internet available for a fee; foul sweaty odor in fitness center which is placed in middle of hotel, no windows or ventilation; hotel in reasonable location, 20 min walk to Times Square, 15 min walk to Penn Station; many restaurants and grocery stores within a few blocks; breakfast at restaurant was delicious; overall, staff courteous, rooms large, location decent - recommend with only a slight hesitation.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very sleek roomy quiet and clean	Booked at a discount through Travelzoo, got a gorgeous suite for a great price. Furnishings were modern, clean and comfortable. Nice view of the Chrysler Building out the bathroom window. Glass enclosed shower, huge comfortable bed, nice and quiet. I would stay here every time I have a vacation weekend in NYC!	
Aug 1 2009 	great stay clean friendly great views!	great hotel, friendly and helpful staff, immaculately clean. we were upgraded to a one bedroomed suite which was MASSIVE with flat screen TVs and a great view of the empire state building. We asked for kettle and coffee machine and it was sent up immediately with no charge. Would recommend to stay there if you want a decent sized room! 10 mins walk to grand central (nearest subway), also 10 mins to empire state building. Try the bridge gourmet deli 3 blocks down towards grand central - delicious salads and hot foods to eat in or take out	
Jul 26 2009 	Some 1BDRMs have 2 baths! Best value for a NYC suite! Comfy pullout sofa.	We had four adults in a 1 Bedroom Suite- which had two Queen beds by our request (which was a huge plus because most suites in NYC have double beds). The hotel just completed a renovation (they are still doing minor details which do not interfere with the experience). I used to live in NYC for 11 years and was surprised at how large the rooms were. It seems that they took old separate hotel rooms and adjoined them for the renovation to make a suite. So, there are some one bedrooms that have two bathrooms- you have to request it. We actually had a group of seven people, so we had two 1BDRMs. The &quot;X13&quot; series are the best. For example, we had room 913 which was better than the 1BDRM in the &quot;X23&quot; series such as 623. The reason is in the &quot;X13&quot; series rooms, the bedroom has a door on it which separates the bedroom from the living room for complete privacy. In the &quot;X23&quot; series there was no door, just a doorway. Also a more MINOR reason is in the &quot;X13&quot; series, the bathroom doors in the bedroom and living room opened toward the entrance ways which was nice as opposed to the &quot;X23&quot; series, the bathroom door opened toward the beds and the living room bathroom opened toward the sofa which is not so nice to have the bathroom door next to you while you are on the sofa or in the bed if staying there for many days with people that aren't your close family. Last, the &quot;X13&quot; series rooms have a standard door which close completely on the living room bathroom however, in the &quot;X23&quot; series, the living room bathroom door is a sliding door- that is NOT a pocket door- it is more like a sliding wall that acts like a door which leaves a gap between the door and wall- so there is no much privacy in the way of sounds (and smells). Not a deal breaker, but I'd rather have the &quot;X13&quot; door. Enough about the bathrooms, the decor is colorful and modern. The sofa bed is actually comfortable. It feels like a foam mattress, no springs. It is very firm so don't look to sink into it like a Tempur-pedic. Oh, and there were street views from both rooms, no brick walls, so that was a big plus. I liked that the windows opened so I could choose between NYC's &quot;fresh&quot; air or AC. (I prefer windows open). The service was just ok. There was no coffee maker in the room and we never got it after calling and requesting one. The rooftop bar was closed, not sure why. It looked like it would have been nice if it were open. Overall, this was the best value I think in Manhattan for suites with Queen beds. This was very practical for adults with modern amenities with a cozy decor.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel in mid-town	My 15-year-old daughter and I spent five days in Manhattan and stayed at the Affinia Shelburne. It's a nice property with comfortable rooms and trendy decor. Our room had a microwave and mini fridge, which were useful conveniences. Affinia proudly offers a &quot;pick your pillow&quot; option and my daughter loved her choice, which allowed her to listen to music while falling asleep. Service was mixed - there was no stopper for the tub and it took three phone calls over an hour before one was delivered. Also, some items in the mini-bar were out-of-date. We enjoyed the hotel overall.	
Jul 20 2009 	Very disappointed won't return	I stayed here with my family several years ago and loved it...a spacious room in a lovely part of town with a great (hamburger) restaurant (Rare Grill) downstairs and a rooftop bar. This time was a disaster...they have recently renovated so the rooms are nice but now more typical NYC small. The rate that was advertised on the website (grand opening) was completely not true--we did not get upgraded, we did not get coupons for hamburgers at Rare (although I asked repeatedly during my three night stay), the bell men just watched as we struggled with our bags, and the manager was no where to be found. We also were charged a much higher rate which it took a couple of days and several emails with the manager to correct--he should have given me a free night, but...this is the state of customer service. Sad to say, never again, in fact, I will now avoid all Affinia and go back to the Kimpton and Starwood properties. Too bad, it is a great location. (But there's a Kimpton, Muse I think, and a W nearby). The restaurant, Rare, is still good with great service.	
Jul 16 2009 	Most welcoming and friendly hotel with the best accomodation and service ever experienced.	Startingwith the friendly doormen who greeted with conversation rather than the usual one word response and the delightful receptionist who checked us in and took an interest in us while answering our questions about the area, I knew this would be a good experience.Once we got to our room; one bedroom suite my feeling was justified. Lovely decor just as in the hotel brochure, large living area,huge bedroom,two bathrooms with bath and shower,two mini fridges, two televisions and a very quiet situation.Every member of staff was friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The staff seemed to have a great pride in their hotel and a tremendous attitude towards the guests. Returning to the hotel always felt like coming home to friends which is a rarity if not unique in my experience.After we left I became more impressed; a couple of days into our next location in Boston my wife discovered she had lost a coin purse with her British money and 3 rings. A fruitless attempt to contact American Airlines left her distraught and she decided to phone the Shelburne just in case she had left it there although convinced she had checked the rooms before we checked out.She was put through to member of staff who checked lost and found,asked about the contents and the room number we stayed in and confirmed she had the coin purse and contents. She arranged to Fed Ex it to our home in the UK and we received it and contents shortly after our return home.As I said nothing appeared to be too much trouble to help their guests. A hotel I will return to and would recommend very very highly.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Service and Room!	I stayed at Affinia this weekend with my sister and loved it! We stayed only for one night as we just needed some place to sleep for our girls night out. The people at the hotel were so friendly and there was no check in line. The room was a decent size for nyc and had a pretty good view from the 12th floor. The kitchenette that they had was modern and had ice pre filled which was a plus as well as a cork screw. Everything in the room appeared to modern with a flat screen tv and looked spotless. The bathroom was on the small side, but it was also clean and modern. The service was great-- room service called for the wake up call right on time and brought up a shower cap when we needed it quickly. The only downside is that the elevator takes a while to get up and down even though there is at least 3 I think. The area the hotel is in is mostly residential but close to a lot of things in the city. Walking distance from empire state, madison square as well as times square with accessible subway stops not to far away. Overall great stay for an overnight rest stop.	
Jul 10 2009 	Classy clean excellent location and affordable	We spent a good amount of time finding a nice hotel for our first trip to NYC on the internet. We were looking for an above average hotel with an affordable price. It's amazing how many hotels had negative or mixed reviews but when we saw all the positive reviews with Affinia Shelburne as well as pics posted by prior visitors, we thought we would give it a try. After booking it we found it to be the least expensive as well. Hoping the saying &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; wouldn't apply to our hotel experience, I'm happy to say that we made an excellent choice. We were very impressed with many things. Although it's not a 4 star luxury hotel, it is classy, contemporary, and extremely clean. I can't emphasize the cleanliness enough. Everything in the room was modern and in excellent shape. The beds and pillows were comfortable - loved the pillow menu. The room was a very good size for the 4 of us. The staff were friendly, professional, and accommodating. The location was great - 2 blocks from a bus route; 4 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. The Empire State Building is within walking distance also. The neighborhood (Midtown Manhattan) was very safe and had plenty of restaurants and stores around for our choosing. The doorman got to know us really well towards the end of our trip because he could see us coming from a block away and had the door ready and open for us! We must've made an impression with how grungy and tired we looked at the end of each day :-) The only downside was the view from our room... a brick wall to another building next door. But it's New York - what can anyone expect? There isn't an ounce of space in between those buildings. Also, there is a charge for the internet but somehow I was able to connect to somewhere else in the neighborhood for access so I never had to register with the hotel. We highly recommend this hotel - to get the best rate stay 7 nights or more as there is a significant discount when you book for the weekly/long-term rate. If it's your first trip to NYC you would want 7 nights anyway. There's so much to do and we didn't even get everything done. That being said, we are planning on going back next year and will defnitely stay at the Affinia again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Won't be staying again	Unfortunately, the only really positive things about our stay at the Affinia Shelburne was the size of the room and the comfort of the bed. We stayed in a deluxe one bedroom suite which was adequately furnished though lacking in asthetics and suffering from poor lighting. Our windows opened into a narrow canyon of building so very little daylight reached us. We didn't mind the lack of view as we had no intention of staying in the hotel during waking hours, but we did mind that we didn't have better lighting. One more lamp or perhaps a ceiling light would solve that problem. If you are booking the larger rooms in order to have a refrigerator and microwave, be warned that the refrigerator is mostly ice maker. You will have to remove shelves to stand up a carton of milk or bottle of wine. The unit does not come with plates or silverware but we were quite pleased that our bellman, being notified of this lack, had it sent right up to us. The Affinia Shelburne may be located in a somewhat more residential area of Manhattan, but that doesn't mean that it is a quiet area. Lexington is an extremely busy thoroughfare. And noise from the rooftop bar is channeled right down the previously mentioned canyon so sleep isn't possible until everyone else decides to go to bed and we did not stay over the weekend so it's quite possibly worse then. Also the Affinia's location means that you have a longer way to travel to most 'tourist' spots. As we have stayed in New York often, we didn't mind being off the beaten path. Make sure you are prepared with great walking shoes or lots of cash for taxi fare. There are Metra stops a few blocks away and Grand Central Station is only four blocks from the hotel. If you are interested in any of the 'kits' or other free amenities offered by the Affinia hotels, insist on ordering them in advance. We called the hotel several days prior to our arrival to reserve one of the items and were told that we could just ask for it on arrival. Unfortunately, it took them two days and repeated calls and visits to the front desk to get it. And if you want to go to the rooftop with your family for a night-time view of the city - don't. When we arrived on the 16th floor, we were rudely told that we could not even set foot through the door before we were even off the elevator. Apparently, the entire rooftop becomes a bar at night. The man guarding the rooftop was unbelievably rude, especially considering that we were guests of the hotel. Had he nicely told us that we could not go out, perhaps we would've been more accepting but his attitude was completely uncalled for. We left feeling that the hotel values it's bar patrons much more than it's hotel guests. Even though the following was not entirely in control of the hotel, the internet reception was spotty and one elevator was out of service for a time. We were looking forward to staying at the Shelburne but we won't be staying again. There is a great deal of improvement needed.	
Jul 7 2009 	A Murray Hill Must Comfort and Location	Stayed here for two nights in June with my two teenage daughters in a one bedroom suite. We were extremely surprised at how spacious both rooms were - very comfortable with plenty of lighting and seating. This hotel has been renovated recently and is contemporary - I loved the color scheme. The beds were extremely comfortable - not too hard but just the right support. A very pleasant surprise to find that the suite had two full bathrooms. As you can tell we were very happy with the room. I would highly recommend this for families. There was a limited view of the street and building across - not much to see but actually was fine. There was very little external noise also a nice plus especially for New York city. There was a bit of interior noise. We could hear hallway conversations quite clearly and at night with all the lights out you could see light shining through a thin opening between the side of the door and the door frame (explains the clarity of the noise). This did not bother us that much as we were at the end of the hallway and the other guests around us were pretty quiet. We did have some thumping noise from above either a dog or small child. After some time we called the front desk. When we returned from dinner, the noise had stopped. We heard it one more time the next morning but just briefly. We got a great package which included parking and breakfast - a great deal!!The hotel staff was really friendly and very prompt to respond. I would give high marks to the service. The fitness room was pretty basic - a couple of aerobic machines - elliptical, bike and treadmill and some free weights. It is in a funny location with no access to a bathroom or water. The roof deck was much smaller than it appears in the photo and when we were here there was a sign on the door that led to the deck that said it was just for use by guest on the penthouse (16th) floor. The one big minus here is the elevators are extremely slow and only carry a few people at a time. If you want to stay in the Murray Hill area I would highly recommend this hotel. It will definitely be my first choice to return to.	
Jul 3 2009 	One of the best kept hotel secrets in Manhattan	I was very pleasantly surprised with our stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill. After somewhat of a rough start with our first room assignment being on the second floor between two elevators on the second floor which was undergoing renovation, the stay got better from there. The first room wasn't really suitable for occupancy, it hadn't been dusted in sometime and there was a small hole in the door where the numberplate should have been. After addressing my concerns with the front desk we were immediately changed to a room on the 11th floor which was identical to the other room, but oh so much better. Two queen sized beds, an efficiency kitchen with refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker and a good sized bathroom. The rooms (even the one under construction) were both good sized and very reasonably priced for Manhattan. The weekend before Christmas and I get a room for $160 a night, amazing! We had a great stay and I would go there again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Stay at Affinia!	Just returned from a five night stay at the Affinia Shelburne -- and all I can say is WOW! I had previously stayed at the Affinia Dumont (a couple of blocks down) and really liked their rooms and service. However, this time as I was traveling with two teenagers -- the idea of two bathrooms was quite enticing -- not to mention the great Travelzoo rate ($199 for a 1 bedroom suite). The room was huge -- I had also previously stayed at the Sheratown Towers in Times Square (executive level) and the room was so tiny we had to walk out of the room to change our minds. Anyway, this time I wanted to stay away from Times Square, in a more residential, quiet neighborhood and chose the Shelburne. The hotel is very, very nice. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were quite roomy and clean. As I said before, we stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with two queen size beds in one room and a pull-out sofa sleeper in the other room, and with a bathroom in each room, plus two mini-fridges. (It would have been nice to have a microwave for reheating leftovers -- a necessity with teenagers.) While we did not dine in the local restaurant -- Rare -- we did notice that it was quite crowded most nights. Found some great restaurants nearby and it was really easy to walk to just about anywhere -- we even walked down to Greenwich Village one evening -- a nice 30 minute walk. All in all, the hotel and location were great and we will definitely stay here again -- in fact, I am planning an &quot;all girls&quot; (with sisters and nieces) trip for next summer and will definitely look into staying here again. NOTE: My only small complaint is that prior to arriving I had gone onto &quot;myaffinia&quot; and requested certain items be placed in our room (i.e., certain pillows, nail polish kit, etc.) -- and, while checking in, the front desk even commented on it -- but we never received any of the items I had requested. My son, however, finally called down and requested a sound pillow -- which he got and loved. But all of the other items I had previously requested and confirmed on arrival -- were never brought to our room.	
Jun 22 2009 	Newer isn't always better	Have stayed at the Shelburne dozens of times over the past 20 years, but this was my first visit since the total renovation and rebranding. Overall, the updating has improved the look, but reduced the value and the functionality of the rooms. On the plus side, the hotel has become downright stylish, with modern, attractive decor, improved lighting, welcoming public areas, and a vibe that is much hipper and far less like staying at your grandmother's. But, a lot has been sacrificed to trendiness. Whereas the hotel previously had kitchens in all rooms, there is now only a &quot;pantry&quot; in the the deluxe rooms, with just a microwave and minifridge. No more full-size fridge, oven, stovetop, coffemaker, dishes or dishwasher. Likewise dining tables have been removed. TVs are now flatscreen, but not HD. Wireless internet expensive ($13.95/day) and glacially slow. Bathrooms are totally redone with improved lighting and fixtures, but far less counter space, medicine cabinets removed, and three-way mirrors gone (and the trendy soapdish in the shower doesn't hold the trendy soap they provide!) And the only previous bathroom shortcoming did not get resolved....commodes in many of the rooms have so little space that you practically need to remove your left leg in order to achieve a seated position. And finally, the fitness center has moved from the basement to the second floor, but has become smaller and the saunas have been eliminated. All in all, it's still a good hotel in a great location, but the renovation is not necessarily an improvement.	
Jun 21 2009 	A disappointing experience	Have just returned from a ten day trip to the US, which ended with five days in NYC staying at Affinia Shelburne - have mixed feelings about this hotel. Firstly, we got an excellent price (40% discount) through Hotels.com. I emailed hotel twice to give them a chance to price match - no response. In the end I called from UK, but they wouldn't do this, so booked through Hotels.com. The hotel is very nice indeed, although a different part of the public area appears to be being dug up each day! Also, the housekeeping trolleys were kept in the corridors all the time, which spoiled the look, and made it difficult to navigate past with all the luggage when we arrived and left. The room we had was the quietest we have ever had in NYC and was very comfortable indeed. However, to call it a Studio Suite is a misnomer - it is an ordinary hotel bedroom with only one chair , a bed, a TV and a desk with minibar - most definitely not a suite. The hotel offered a hot buffet breakfast for $12 for the first three mornings which was excellent, but on the fourth morning it changed to a la carte where a slice of french toast and a coffee would have cost more than this and the 18% gratuity was added automatically to the bill - even though half of the dining room was being (very noisily) dug up at the time we wanted breakfast. The charges for wi-fi and computer access were, I thought, steep, particularly as I have usually had free internet access in New York hotels previously. The staff (with the exception of a couple of the doormen and the really pleasant chambermaid) were uninterested to the point of rudeness and the front desk staff didn't adjust our bill as they promised to. When I asked if they had bathrobes as pictured on their website, I was told that the website room photographs were not real room settings, just made up ones! They did however then provide me with robes. When asking about the rooftop bar, we were told it was on the 14th floor by one member of staff, the 15th floor by another, and finally correctly the 16th floor by the third. When we visited it we were short changed by $10 by the barman and offered no apology - only told by the manager that it was our fault because we didn't get a check (weren't offered one!).I have stayed in the Affinia Manhattan previously where it is much more noisy, but the room (studio suite) was huge, had kitchen facilities and the staff were very gracious. I have also stayed in the San Carlos which is far superior and the Courtyard Marriott (several times) where the customer service is absolutely excellent. Would I stay there again - no probably not, and definitely not at the full prices. The overall feeling given by the staff at this hotel was that they were interested in getting every last dollar out of us. Whilst I have no problem in paying for good service and amenities , this hotel did not provide either of these. This is not a 4 star hotel, and the service is certainly not 4 star.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good rooms very poor customer service	Stayed for 5 nights. Made the reservation through the hotel's website (not expedia, hotels.com or orbitz). They have a very good and modern website that lets you choose different amenities for your stay. Unfortunately, the staff at the hotel doesn't even know that those options in the website exist, so don't expect to find what you asked for when you arrive. We called the front desk to ask for what we requested (and was willing to pay for) at reservation but not only they had no idea about it, but they were rude and then didn't return the calls. They didn't even try to solve the issue but kept pretending that I was making things up. Then, on top of that, one of the nights we returned to the hotel at 11pm and found that they forgot to clean up the room. I went to complain to the front desk and the manager on duty only reduced my rate by a total of $20 out of $1,500. Ridiculous, but didn't have more energy to discuss. I was on vacations...The rooms are big and nicely decorated. Very good king mattress. TIP: If it is cold, ask for an additional blanket as soon as you get in because they run out of them quickly.The best thing in this hotel is their executive office manager Marybel. She was the only one that stepped up and personally solved the main issue that we faced with our reservation and showed real interest in making our stay better. Unfortunately, the people at the front desk and at the phone don't even care. I feel sorry for Marybel as she was really great, but this review is about the general experience with the hotel.Net, I spent $1,500 and even though the rooms are nice and big, the poor service ended up making my stay unpleasant. Will not stay there again. I will choose a Marriott, Hyatt or one of the other major brands with more professional staff.	
Jun 16 2009 	What a great hotel!	Spent 4 nights at the Affinia Shelburne and loved it. Newly rennovated with the Affinia name. The rooms are very spacious (I was in the 1 bdrm suite). The roof top bar is lovely, music in lobby is hip, overall great experience. Be sure to check out My Affinia to select the aminities that are most important to you. I chose my pillow and yoga kit, at no additional cost. Would stay here again in a heart beat!	
Jun 11 2009 	Once quiet and comfortable now loud and inconsiderate hotel	I have stayed at the Shelburne in Murray Hill 5 or 6 times over the last 4 years. I loved the quiet neighborhood , bar and restaurant on the first floor and spacious rooms. Two years of renovation has turned this into an average, not so comfortable, hotel. Rooms remain spacious but furniture is not comfortable. The Affinia group has brought this hotel into its fold by replacing its lobby with sleek, hard benches and screaming loud music. Workmen taped and sanded wallboard and painted frantically as guests wound their way in and out of the hotel. There was a &quot;grand opening&quot; in the lobby the next day where no customers were invited but had to fight their way through. Worst of all, there was no notification to guests of any of this. Discount upon request? $50 total for 5 day stay. Disappointing. Also, the hotel remains inaccessible to handicapped. What gives?	
Jun 4 2009 	Best sized rooms in NYC	I have been to New York 5 times now, however this time stayed in a different hotel and location.The Shelburne location is excellent, a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station, 10 minute walk to times square and 5th ave a few blocks away.We stayed in a 1bedroom suite and this room was massive... rooms are clean and fresh. Some friends came to visit us at our hotel one day and could not believe how nice and big our room was.We ate in Rare one day, and the burger and fries sharing platter are the best! A bit pricey but still worth it.The bar in Rare view is really nice to chill out in the evening watch the sun go down. Drinks again very expensive.The only thing bad I can say about the hotel was there was building work going on in the lobby. There was lots of noise and dust, and builders plastering around you! I was not told of the building work before I book and was under the impression it had all been completed at the beginning of the year. However it did not affect our stay much and you could hear nothing in the room or roof top bar. It just looked at little unpleasant and if you like to sit in the lobby forget out it unless you like the sound of banging and drilling.As we was leaving they seamed to be taking down the temporary walls and I would say building work will be complete very soon.Overall a very nice hotel and I would stay here again on my next trip to NYC!	
May 25 2009 	Great hotel huge rooms for NYC.	We stayed in the Shelburne Murray Hill for a week and found it to be great. We were in a delux studio suite which was plenty big enough for two adults and a small child. The bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet. Many people have said about the kitchen not having and plates etc but a quick call to housekeeping and within 10 minutes we had everything we needed. Housekeeping were especially good.The only negative I would have would be the crib, it was made of metal and rattled everytime the baby moved. Also the bedding and bumper was way to big for the crib which could be dangerous, I was glad we had our own bedding with us. When we said this to reception they were grateful for the comments and said they should look into getting new ones.Overall the hotel and service was excellent. We found it great value for money.	
May 25 2009 	Hidden gem in busy NY City	Had looked at all the Affinia hotels and picked this for location and it had a bar and restaurant. Roof terrace bar was fantastic - views spectacular - full of locals enjoying after work drinks. Stayed in 1 bed delux which had the most comfortable bed in a hotel for a long time. Having a separate lounge, bedroom and kitchenette made you feel you were in an appartment - my husband loved the ice machine in the fridge! Only slight criticism is the bathroom - very small. The hotel has been recently renovated and was still being renovated when we were there. The public areas were in the process of being updated - it will look good when finished. This did not effect our stay at all. The only problem with the hotel is the lifts (elevators) there seems to be only 2 serving the whole building and sometimes the wait seems for ever. We have been to NY before and always stayed up at Central Park area so this was a real change for us but we really enjoyed the more neighbourhood feel of Murray Hills and it is so centrally located for sightseeing - Empire State is only a few blocks away and using the subway at either Grand Central or 33rd is convenient for Greenwich Village, Financial District etc. Restaurants in the surrounding streets are fantastic - Les Halles for the best steak ever, Nirvanda - great Indian Cusine and also Wolfgangs for a bizzare experience!	
May 24 2009 	Another Great Stay at the Shelburne	I recently booked two nights at the shelburne for myself and two friends for a 'girls weekend.' This was my second trip to the Shelburne and first since the renovations. Like last time, our stay was wonderful. The room (two double beds) had a small kitchenette area with small fridge, sink, and microwave. There are no dishes/cutlery however. The two beds were extremely comfortable. And the bathroom, although small, was well appointed. Overall, the room is larger than most that I've seen in NYC. The hotel has a popular restaurant downstairs where you can go for a good burger OR just a drink. As well, there is a great rooftop patio on the 16th floor where both guests and non-guests can go. This patio has a great view of the Chrysler Building and the NYC skyline.Staff and service was great. Everytime I came upon a staff member, I was greeted with a friendly hello - and not just the ones who passed me in the halls. All staff make it a point to say hello as soon as they see you. The location of the hotel is great - less than 5 minute walk to Grand Central, the subway, and many shops, restaurants, etc. Never hard to get a cab in front of the hotel and very close for those coming from Laguardia. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 24 2009 	Great Location	I recently stayed in this hotel with a group of friends and would not have any hesitation in recommending the place to others planning to visit t New York, the location on Lexington Avenue is ideal, just a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station, and a quick walk to 5th Avenue. I was in a room by myself (single studio) which had a big comfortable double bed, plenty closet space, a safe, tea/coffee making facilities mini bar (beware very expensive). Do what I did and buy milk, water and other provisions in one of the many markets in the area. My friends had twin rooms that included, better equipped kitchenettes. The bathroom was spacious with plenty towels and toiletries. While I did not eat in the hotel the main bar did seem to be very popular for food. There is a lovely bar on the roof which is worth a look and why not try some of the cocktails lovely setting with the Chrysler Building on one side and the Empire State Building on the other.The only fault I would have is reception. While each member of staff is nicer that the other the check in was a disaster. We had just arrived after a long flight to discover our booking mixed up, I had paid a supplement to have my own room and the receptionist was trying to ‘do me a favour’ by putting me in a pull out sofa bed in the sitting room in a suite with two of my friends. We had not booked a suite of rooms, and while I had no objections to sharing with any of my friends I had paid extra for my own room and we had rang from home the day before to confirm all was in order with our booking and were assured it was. Hence I have deducted a point when rating the hotel. The hotel has been going through a major renovation the reception area is being worked on at the moment and to be fair to the staff it is a little hectic with builders and guests everywhere. If you are going to the airport avoid the shared transport, while it got me to JFK in plenty of time for my flight and was only $20 p.p. but I was the mini bus was battered, with no suspension so we bounced all the way and there as a very strong smell of fumes which was sickening. If there are two or more of you get a taxi for $50. While the reception of the hotel is being renovated they have three luggage rooms scattered all over the hotel and there can be quite a delay in getting your bags but this should be sorted when the reception area is finished with it make over. All in all I’d recommend the hotel just have patients with the reception staff they have two speeds slow and stop.	
May 22 2009 	Plenty of space and great location	We just hosted a wedding in New York City and all of our families stayed at the Shelburne. As a local of the city, I knew the location would be a residential, less touristy area. Which worked well. And after their stays, all of our families reported that they loved their rooms. One room was the suite with a mini-kitchen (mini fridge, microwave and sink). And the other rooms were one bedroom suites without kitchen (which meant they had 2 bathrooms instead, which everyone loved), but these had mini-fridges that they used. All of the families had small children, and there was plenty of room. I've stayed in a few New York City hotel rooms, and these were very large for this city. The rooms all appeared recently re-furbished. There was construction going on in the lobby, but the noise wasn't heard in the rooms (on the third, fourth and seventh floors). They reported hearing street noise from their rooms, but not enough to bother anyone. The rooftop bar gave a great view of the city and the Empire State Building (which was also visible from everyone's rooms). And the staff was very helpful when I checked everyone in.	
May 20 2009 	Ideal Location - Ideal Accommodation	Had a very enjoyable 4 night stay at this hotel in a 1-Bedroom Suite. Room clean and comfortable with quality appointments and bathroom products. Staff friendly and helpful. Very nice area with plenty of eating alternatives nearby, and an easy walk to most of the major city icons. Disappointed with on site resaurant food, particularly breakfast. We would be happy to stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Location Location Location!	It was my first trip to NY and I wanted to walk everywhere. Staying at Shelburne Murray Hill made it so easy and fun. Walked to Park Avenue, Central Park, Grand Central Station, Empire State Building in minutes. It was a great Manhattan experience. Loved my &quot;magnetic pillow&quot; and the comfortable bed. The staff was very helpful and friendly without being fake.	
May 12 2009 	What a great experience	My girlfriends and I (total of 5 of us) where in NYC from May 8-11, 2009 for my stagette. The Shelburne Murray Hotel was amazing. Our room was a suite, which had 2 double beds, and another room with a pull out sofa bed. We had 2 bathrooms, which is great for 5 girls. The room was very clean. When we arrived we were able to check in early. When we asked for extra pillows, mugs, they were knocking on our door within 5 mins. The staff was wonderful. Great customer service. Everyone was friendly and helpful.The hotel is in a great location.I had a great time in NYC and would recommend this hotel, and would stay again.	
May 12 2009 	Is lacking in friendly acccommodating hospitable service	All of you non-smokers may not appreciate this review, but you should forget about the bad habit issue and read this to get an idea about the lack of courtesy and hospitality.Unfortunately, there are still travellers around who are smokers and go through some extra time and effort to find hotels willing to take our money (in this case a lot of money !).What happened to the slogan : 'Your home away from home' ?I had stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill before, it was more than a bit worn down at the time (see other people's reviews from 2007 and before).I was delighted to hear that they did a major renovation and was looking forward to staying there, as it is convenient to all of the locations I had to go to during my one week stay.Double and triple-checked their website and did not find any reference ‘we are a non-smoking facility’. I had stayed in a smoking room during my earlier trip.Made the reservation well in advance and asked in capital letters for a smoking room.Received the confirmation, without any additional comments from the hotel. So, I’m thinking: I’m home free and all is in good order. The confirmation looked ‘personalized’ to me.Re-confirmed my arrival two days before and pointed out again, that I had askedfor a smoking room when I made the reservation. Again, no reaction from the hotel.When we arrived, after 12 hours of travelling, they realized that I had asked for a smoking room and told me ‘there are no smoking rooms in this hotel’. When I mentioned my 2 email requests, the answer was ‘and you did not call to confirm this ?' Ok, so now it was my fault, I should have known that the hotel does not read their emails (seeing from some other reviews that seems to be a regular habit ).I always believed that hotel managers have to go to charm school and are being taught in their first class: ‘ the customer is always right’. After some discussions, that I am not willing to spend 298 US$ (incl. Tax) per day i.e. 1,970 $ (!!) for a week in a non-smoking room, the receptionist came-up with the splendid idea to give us a room with a balcony (it was raining outside and bad weather was expected all week) . I was also advised, that if I closed the door no smoke would get into the room, thus saving me the 250 $ a night (!!!) surcharge for extra cleaning (what would they be doing for that kind of money every day ? Bring in a crew of ten to fumigate the place ??)They were expecting me to sit outside in the rain with my laptop to get my work done ?The receptionist finally had the bright idea to call the manager over (who did not bother to show-up for another 15 minutes). No ‘we’re sorry for your inconvenience’ – no! it was back to this being all my fault, as I had obviously not seen the notice on their website, that they are a non-smoking facility. When I told him I checked it several times, he admitted that he had not looked at it in a while and would have to call the IT-people to change this, if it was indeed not mentioned.Aha, what happened to ‘the customer is always right’ ?Again more discussions and although the receptionist had confirmed that all of their affiliate hotels are non-smoking hotels, the manager finally offered to call around and see if any had rooms available ( again, it appeared to be my problem more than his, to find an alternative hotel.), but only ‘if I wanted him to do so’.Their affiliate ‘around the corner’ (separate and favourable (!!) review to follow under ‘Eastgate Tower Hotel’) accepted us.The manager with the ‘it-is-all-your-fault-and-I-saved-your-day-attitude’ did not bother to call us a cab (maybe because the rain had let off) and it is not ‘around the corner’ to get there ( from 37th over to 39th and from Lexington to 2nd is a hike with two heavy suitcases on a steamy NY afternoon, after 12 hours of travelling).While I understand that it is a nuisance for non-smokers to stay in a room where someone has been smoking (out most of the day, in only in the am and late at night – how many ziggies can that be !) you would think the economy is bad enough for them to accommodate someone willing to pay almost 2,000 US$, even if it meant to spend some extra time to clean the room. Again, it was NOT mentioned on their website, I did NOT get any response from them and I was ‘stranded’ at their place at 5 pm after 12 hours of travelling.Aha, all my fault, I should have called them and asked them if they did read my emails ?Sorry, but the rooms may be all nice and clean and renovated, but even when I turn into a non-smoker, this is not a place I would visit again, because of their attitude and the way they are treating their customers.	
May 11 2009	You won't be disappointed	After painstaking hours of research I lucked out with this hotel. The rooms are larger than average ,modern,clean, block out window treaments, bathroom mirror lights up and If you are travelling with a nite owl the individual headboard reading lights are a plus. A short walk to Grand Central Station :New York Deli's are only 2 blocks away.Its a hike to the theater district, but cabs($6.50) ,buses &amp; subway are near by.You won't be disappointed!!	
May 10 2009 	Will Return To The Shelburne Murray Hill	Clean, affordable, well located in mid-town, service is professional and polite. The rooms are adequate in size and updated nicely. We will return to the Shelburne Murray Hill.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent hotel in great location superbly managed	We would return to this hotel every time - and believe me we are not easily pleased !!My husband,daughter (just turned 13; birthday trip) and myself stayed here for a week over easter this year. This was our first trip to NY although we have been to Florida many times. We had originally booked another Affinia hotel but when we saw the price on the Affinia website decided to change to this one. We were not disappointed. The hotel is being refurbished throughout. That said it did not affect our holiday in any way. All the rooms are already finished and have been completed to a high standard. We have seen studio rooms and one bed suite rooms and both are nice and big and excellently furnished. Bathrooms are new and a good size. Being there for a week we had a couple of minor problems - all were handled quickly and efficiently and resolved by the hotel without any fuss.We tried the hotel restaurant for breakfast twice. Food was good and reasonably priced - $12 each. Being a buffet you can get as much as you like and we were not hurried to finish and leave. Another good place is the small deli across the road - doesn't look much from the outside and you get plastic cutlery and plates but the food is absolutely fantastic and so reasonable - do not be put off by how it looks. Didn't eat in Rare on an evening but did try Dukes on 3rd Ave about 5 mins from hotel. It has free wifi and is a diner-type themed restaurant. Food was great and atmosphere v friendly. Price very, very reasonable esp drinks when games were on - $1 a draft.Check in and check out at the hotel were smooth and efficient. All staff very nice and friendly throughout stay and could not do enough to make sure stay was enjoyable. When the hotel found out it was our daughters birthday she received a gift and card and a cake - very nice touch and much appreciated.Hotel location is excellent - its about 5 min walk to Grand Central Station and then on to times square took about another 15 mins. Its also about a 10-15 minute walk in the other direction to the Empire State Building. Its in a residential area that is safe and interesting. 3rd Ave has plenty of markets for food, a Walgreens and take out food places - designed for the local community.I could go on and on about this hotel and I cannot recommend it highly enough .	
May 8 2009 	Small but nice rooms not the best in service	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill hotel for five nights after their renovation. The rooms looked very new, modern and clean. That said, they have been very small, it is ridiculous that they call them suites. I made my reservation directly with the hotel's website with the possibility to quote preferences - do not expect that any of your requests you make there will be fulfilled. I ticked the check boxes &quot;king sized bed&quot;, &quot;room with a view&quot; and &quot;high floor room&quot; and was given a queen sized bed at the 5th floor with a queen sized bed facing the backyard which was very loud due to a generator running almost 24/7. Another annoying thing was the waiting times at the elevators. Sometimes it took more than five minutes for the elevator to arrive. They only had two of them available, one of them was out of order a couple of times.The most disturbing fact of my stay was that I had a package sent to the hotel under my name prior to my stay. I wrote an email to check if this was possible and they said that it would not be a problem, I should have my name put on the package and they would hold it until my arrival. After I got the delivery confirmation from FedEx I emailed again to make sure the hotel would hold the package. Disturbingly they would not answer to my emails so I had to call a couple of times until they admitted receiving the package - but losing it.After writing more emails asking how to resolve this problem (which have not been answered as well) and calling again they suggested that I should buy the lost merchandise and they would cover the cost. I did this (three hours of wasted time in a city I went to do other things in) and gave them the receipt as agreed. THEN they found my package which apparently has been stored at the reception from the beginning.At least they offered to send back the package so that I was refunded the original cost to my credit card. Today I know that they did not even care to pay for the postage which has been deducted from my refund! I think that was the VERY LEAST they should have done, pay for the postage. After not even offering a free breakfast, a free room upgrade or whatever just to make up for all the stress and time lost due to everything.They really should invest more into their service. I had a fax sent to the hotel and for one day they did not care to inform me. I had to ask them for it after checking out. Otherwise I wound not have gotten it.That all said the hotel rooms have been nicely renovated and I would consider going there again for a decent price rate. If you think about going there, don't count on eating breakfast at the hotel's burger restaurant, as this was not very good (at least it was cheap, too) and don't set a high value on service (the cleaning lady left an old rag one time on top of the air conditioner, another time at the desk).	
May 7 2009 	Convenient Location/Safe Neighborhood/Will return to the Shelburne	We read all the reviews and decided on the Shelburne. No regrets here. We were greeted by the doorman and bellhop. Simon at the Front Desk was very professional. Our studio room with queen bed, ample bathroom for $150 on travelocity was all we needed. We slept well as the neighborhood is quiet and safe. The A/C was not on yet as it was still cold so we opened the window a little and that was fine. The manager kindly arranged for our room to be serviced when we got back and saw it had not been done. She also provided complimentary breakfast vouchers as compensation for the inconvenience. Breakfast at RARE (the hotel's restaurant) was ok but certainly not worth the $12 they charge for a very limited buffet. We found &quot;Bagels and More&quot; one block down and for $4 enjoyed bagel sandwiches every morning! YUM! They deliver too!! The hotel is 4 blocks from Grand Central Station. Chrysler Bldg, Time Square, Empire just a few blocks away so very very central!! One tip: Reserve the Shuttle ahead of time for $12 to the airport with the concierge....unfortunately we were told about this too late. We will be back to the Shelburne again.	
May 4 2009 	Very comfortable stay 	We obtained a very good group rate of $159/night for a four-night stay, for an alumni reunion at a nearby facility. We had requested a 'studio room' with king bed, but this turned out to be a large two-room suite, with 2 TV's, and a small kitchenette with refrigerator &amp; microwave. Only criticism was a small bathroom. The suite was quiet. Service was friendly &amp; efficient. There was a $12 breakfast buffet available in the hotel restaurant, which was good, but had the same somewhat limited offerrings every day. The location was convenient enough for midtown NYC attractions.	
May 2 2009 	Lovely hotel would return again	We stayed in this hotel and got a great deal with Travel Zoo. 2 years previous we had stayed in the Affinia Dumont but the prices were alot higher so we chose this one.We were not disappointed. We had two huge beds and a sofa bed. Although we had emailed and requested a high room with quiet location we were given a room right outside the lift which got noisey sometimes.We used the conference room for internet access this was a bit pricey $6.50 dollars for 15 mins.The sitting room was very spacious and we had two bathrooms which were spotless.We ate in the bar down stairs but I didnt think the food was great and over priced.We ate in Scottys across the road and got a grilled chicken wrap for 8/9 dollars which was very tastey!We also ate in the comfort diner for breakfast which I enjoyed and penelopes for lunch another day.Location wise was brillant we were familar with the area from being here before but Grand Central was only cpl mins walk away.We also did the Brooklyn bridge walk which I would recommend to do, great views. Ate in a lovely restaurant in Soho for lunch called 24 Prince, got a beautiful steak sandwhich for $11, was sooo tasteyI would return to this hotel again.	
Apr 28 2009 	Good Hotel...Great Price	I liked the hotel and I got a good price on the room from Travelzoo. The fact that the price was so reasonable made any negative things I encountered seem insignificant. For example, one of the elevators was broken so it took a while to get up to my room. There were a few other things but overall the room was clean and perfect size, the bed was very comfortable, the staff was friendly and the location was good. I didn't mind the walk to the subway at all, it was 15 mins tops. The rooftop bar is awesome and trendy but it does get crowded! Nice view from the roof. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this hotel and will definately stay here again if the price continues to be reasonable.	
Apr 27 2009 	LOVED IT!	Stayed here 3 nights in late April 2009 and loved it. My family of 4 (me, hubby, middle-school-aged son and daughter 2 years younger) had a two room suite that we had booked through a hotels.com link provided right here on TA. The staff was professional, friendly and efficient. The rooms are nicely designed and well laid-out. The beds were very comfortable; one of my kids slept on the sofa bed and was quite content. I stretched out on it as a ‘test’ and it seemed good. The “pillow menu” was a hoot … we all ordered different pillows and had fun offering our opinions on the ones we chose. We ended up on an inside low-level floor so our ‘view’ was of a roof and equipment on on the roof. But it didn’t matter. We didn’t spend tons of time in the room and didn’t need a view. The only MINOR disappointment was that the website led me to believe that all two room suites came with kitchenettes and ours did not. Nonetheless it had two mini-fridges and that’s all we needed for beverages, fresh fruit and cream cheese for our morning bagels …. I wouldn’t dream of cooking in New York City when there are so many places for both sit-down and take-out meals! A coffee maker would have been a nice touch, but I liked going out to buy fresh bagels in the morning at Daniel’s on 3rd while the rest of the family showered, so it really didn’t matter, I just picked up coffee then. (And I could have ordered it from room service.) The place was QUIET although we knew from the activity in the lobby that there were lots of people staying there! One time when we were in the hallway we heard a screeching toddler and wondered what we were in for … but honestly, once we entered our rooms and closed the door, it was like we were the ONLY ones staying there. We heard nothing, unless there was a knock at our own door.Having two bathrooms and two TVs was like heaven on earth. We’ve NEVER had two bathrooms on vacation and we only have one TV at home. My kids thought they were living in the lap of luxury because they could watch nickelodeon while Mom and Dad caught up on the morning news!One little downside … one of the showers was great to look at but extremely impractical. Others have posted pictures of the ‘glass shower’. There is a floor to ceiling glass panel that starts at the front (near the shower head) and covers about half to two thirds of the opening. The rest is opened. Problems: 1) you have to reach into the shower to turn it on, blasting your arm with that first ‘shot’ of cold water. You cannot turn on the shower without getting wet. 2) as an overweight, middle aged woman, I have no desire to see myself reflected in the mirror while I shower … especially on vacation! Thankfully hot water is plentiful and the mirror fogged quickly ;) and 3) the water splashes out of the opening and puddles on the floor. So a long shower (and the hot water and great water pressure just INVITE long showers) results in a flooded bathroom. Eeek! This happened twice, once to me, once to my pre-teen daughter. So the little “go green” note about how much water is used to wash towels and “if you put your towels on the floor we’ll replace them if you hang them, we won’t” was totally wasted on us because we used all the towels to mop up the floor!! Based on the subtle water marks near the bottom of the door, my guess is we aren’t the only ones who have had this issue. After those two experiences with the glass shower, we declared that showers had to be taken in the other bathroom, the one w/ a traditional tub and shower CURTAIN and life was good ;) I will stay here again when I get the opportunity and definitely recommend it to friends and family.	
Apr 27 2009	excellent hotel brilliant for first visit to new york	the hotel was really comfortable with excellent bathroom, small kitchen, huge wonderfully comfortable beds. It was within walking distance of many sights, easy bus route. Good guide books in the room. The only down was the taxi we had booked didn't turn up to take us to airport very early in the morning but one was passing so we were only held up a few minutes. would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 21 2009 	April Stay 2009	We stayed 6 nights at the hotel the first week in April. With this being our 4th trip to NYC, I don't know if I would stay in Murray Hill again because the subway is not close and the subway you can catch you always have to change at Times Square. The area is not in the heart of anything. I'll list the pros and cons:ProsGreat Room with 2 baths. Beds comfortableVery quiet roomsStaff was friendlyClose to alot of eateriesGreat ValueCons5 long block walk to subwaySubway transfer generally neededStaff not very helpful in knowing the sightsTipsGreat Italian-La MasseriaGreat Dining Experience-McCormick &amp; Schick Crab Feed for $20 on Sunday NightsBuy the weeklong $25.00 subway pass..Great savings.Shrek the Musical was good but long9-5 The Musical was really goodGod of Carnage was funny but adult humorDon't eat at Bloom's, Scotty's Diner much better!	
Apr 20 2009 	Really loved our stay at the Shelburne.	I can't wait to get a chance to stay at the Shelburne again. It met my family's needs and then some. I was a bit nervous when I first booked because I wasn't sure if we would like the neighborhood and that it would be too far of a hike to some of the attractions we had planned out. I ended up loving the location. It's in a very nice residential neighborhood with many local markets and shops. Because the area seemed to cater to residents the prices for water, beer and wine etc. were very good. We loved Daniel's Bagels for breakfast. Also it is very quiet at night. We were on the 9th floor and never heard any street noise.Murray Hill was a good walk to Times Square and Central Park, but I actually lost 2 lbs. so all the walking was a good thing! We booked a 2 bed Deluxe Suite with the kitchenette and it was fine for my husband, teenage daughter and myself. I was hoping for an upgrade to 1 bedroom suite but we had plenty of room. I think our room was a little larger than most of the one room suites though. The bathroom was huge! We had a view of the Empire State Building which was nice. We could of used more drawer space for our clothes, but it really wasn't a big deal. The beds are a bit dangerous though...They are so comfortable that it was hard to get up in the morning, which meant we missed a couple things we had planned. Oh well...there's always next time. Our tub was clogged and fixed right away, but they never were able to fix our ice maker in our fridge, which was too bad. They were prompt at bringing up ice to the room when needed though.I also give high marks to the in house restaurant Rare. We ate there our first night because we got in late and it was very good.	
Apr 17 2009 	Really good mid-town option	Really good four night stay at the Shelburne. Was upgraded to a one bedroom suite on the 10th floor. Very good size including small kitchen and views of the iconic Chrysler Building (albeit from the toilet!). Good location, walkable to subway stops and delis etc. Never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a taxi. Will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Central location	We stayed at this midtown hotel for its central location: walking distance from Grand Central Station, Empire State Building, Chrysler building, UN. Rooms were spacious, big beds, new and neat bathroon (no bath), but overheated (like most hotels), meaning you wake up sweaty and dehydrated. Breakfast is good but offers little variation; no fresh fruit, no cheese, no yoghurt. Mainly scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, french toast, bagels &amp; muffins. The bar and restaurant are quit busy in the evening. We didn't try it but apparently the restaurant is renowned for its burgers. All in all a good hotel, although not 4-star quality.	
Apr 13 2009 	Would definitely return	Attending a seminar in downtown for the week, I arrived during the weekend with my husband. Maybe it was luck, or maybe because it was Valentine's Day, but we were bumped up from a studio to a one bedroom. Quiet attractive room, helpful staff, and a good location -- I had a short walk to 42nd station, where I would catch an express to the Financial District each morning. The restaurant downstairs is good (even for a vegetarian), but I also enjoyed takeout from nearby Indian restaurants on several nights. Only two inconviences: the fitness center was closed for renovation; difficult time getting a synthetic pillow.	
Apr 11 2009 	An amazing trip!!!!!	I went to NYC with my husband and 2 children-10 and 12. We had an amazing time. Not knowing what to expect I booked a room at the Shelburne on the Internet with an amazing Internet rate. We originally booked a two bed deluxe suite but when we checked in all were taken so they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite. Wow! The size of the suite was great, very roomy. The staff of the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful. The restaurant staff and food were terrific. I diffently will return to the Shelburne when I return to NY in the fall with my girlfirends and can't wait to see all the renovations. The location of the hotel was perfect. Not in the middle of all the noise but close walking distance to everything and the subway to the village and canal st. Close to the hotel were Sarge's Deli located on 37th and 3rd, a great deli also Patsy's Restaurant is 39th and 3rd, a very good Italian restaurant with great prices especially for lunch.	
Mar 27 2009 	Awesome!! Can't Wait To Go Back!!!	Me and 3 of my girlfriends wanted to take a nice but inexpensive trip to NYC so when we started researching hotels, we came across this hotel from an offer through Travelzoo. Some of the reviews from this hotel were good and some were bad, but we decided to go with it because it was cost efficient and very close to Times Square. When we got there we were VERY impressed. The staff was extremely polite and helpful and the room was AMAZING!! Very clean, crisp, and newly updated. Four of us stayed in the room together and we had more than enough space for all of us to be comfortable. The concierge was very helpful in giving directions and the rest of the front desk staff was very nice as well. All in all we had an amazing trip to NYC. This was my first time there and my friends and I are already planning a trip back before the end of the year. When we go back we will for sure be staying at the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel!!! Awesome Experience!!!	
Mar 25 2009 	ahh the Shelburne	We stayed in a two bed deluxe suite #1005 on the backside of the building and were very happy. There was a view from the bathroom window of the Chrysler building to always remind you where you were as you literally sat there. The staff had a quick solution to all our concerns and the beds were so comfy it was a challenge just to get out of bed. The room was very spacious about thirty feet in length with a kitchen pantry that had a fridge with ice maker and a convection/microwave oven. The surrounding area was more residential than most and more laid back than other areas of Manhattan but still very cosmopolitan and charming. Loved the bed throws for power naps. I only wish the price stayed the same as I know the special rate we got is temporary, Finally the cab ride to the airport is very reasonable since the hotel is close to the tunnel, from/to LGA $25.00. Cabs were plentiful even as we left at 4:30 am on a Monday. P.S. See The Musical &quot;Hair&quot; on Broadway. It's a blast!Cheers	
Mar 23 2009 	Very contented Aussie travellers	The convenient location of the Shelburne to many of NY famous landmarks was fabulous. We were able to walk to many places including Grand Central Station, Empire State and Maceys - at all times feeling very safe. The hotel was exceptionally clean and comfortable. This together with the friendliness of all staff made our stay in that great city ver special. We stayed there as a result of a friend's recommendation and will definitely tell all tourists from Oz to do the same.Allan and Robyn	
Mar 22 2009 	How nice can it be?	We stayed for 5 nights of NYC sight seeing and were not disappointed. We had a great Travelzoo rate and were upgraded from a Jr. Suite to a 1 Bedroom suite with king bed. The rooms were very large, bathroom average with shower but more than adequate, very quiet with lots of windows and 2 flat screen Tv's. The location only a few blocks from Grand Central Station was very convenient (unless you're adverse to walking a little bit). We took the express bus from JFK which drops you off at Grand Central but picked us up at the hotel on the way back for $24 RT each. We found walking the best way to really see the city but also used the subways a lot to go further distances. There's a really convenient grocery store (D'Agostinos) and wine store just a block away and the nice pantry came in handy for storing fruit &amp; juice for a quick snack in the morning and wine/beer for the late evening after being out all day. We had one dinner at &quot;Rare&quot; and the food was well prepared, service was efficient and price was about what one would expect in that locale. The breakfast prices were a bit high so we ate at the Deli down the street and a really nice restaurant under the bridge near Grand Central Station. &quot;Duke's&quot; around the corner was also good for an inexpensive dinner. &quot;Veselka's' was recommended for an authentic Ukrainian meal and it didn't disappoint -------in the East Village and lots of local color, specialites were blintzes, goulash, beef strogonoff, etc. The housekeeping and front desk staff were very pleasant and efficient and we would stay there again in a hearbeat.	
Mar 17 2009	comfortable and a good value	My adult daughter and I stayed 4 nights in a 1-bedroom suite on the 4th floor, almost directly across from the elevator. I was so grateful to be allowed to check in at 6 a.m. after our flight, I didn't ask for a better location. As it turned out, the soundproofing was so good we heard no hallway noise. Street noise wasn't too bad facing 37th. With earplugs sleeping was no problem. I took the bedroom with king bed and she took the living room with queen sofabed, which she said was comfortable.I don't know if I can ever go back to sharing a bathroom on vacation--what bliss not having to take turns getting ready to go out. An unexpected bonus was the Shelburne's proximity to Bellevue hospital on 28th and 1st Avenue, where I ended up after rushing out of the Times Square subway, tripping, and doing a &quot;face plant&quot; on the sidewalk. I was alone, and several nice New Yorkers helped me up, a cop called for an ambulance, and I got a ride to the ER. It was actually very well equipped and staffed; so much for the Bellevue horror stories. I was lucky--just a hairline ankle fracture and hideous facial abrasions. BE CAREFUL AND WATCH YOUR FEET, not the bright lights!	
Mar 15 2009 	Not as good as other Affinia Hotels	Location - not too bad, but still 5 blocks to the nearest Subway stationLobby - quite small and blandCheck in - I had a one-bedroom suite reserved, they did not have any, so he put me in a Deluxe Studio. Refused to refund the difference between the two saying that the internet rate is already lowest than what they normally charge. Did not have to wait though - efficientElevator - two of them, very small, but never had to wait longer than a minute.Room - i was on the 12th floor, room was reasonable size, bed comfortable. The heating/AC malfunctioning, but not enough to cause an issue. The sink in the bathroom did not drain, I left msg for the housekeeping - was fixed the next day. Towels - bland.TV - remote batteries were going dead little by little.So, in summary - I would not come back to Shelburne. Affinia's Dumont property was a much better choice for me.	
Mar 9 2009 	Can't wait to return!	We stayed at the Shelburne due to the fantastic Travelzoo rate and the hotel's quiet but convenient location. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which truly felt like having our own apartment. Ours had a wet bar area with fridge and microwave drawer, living area with comfy sleeper sofa, flat screen tv and step out balcony. Bedroom had a king bed and flat screen and 1 bathroom with big soaking tub and shower combo. The renovations here were amazing. All the fixtures are very modern and stylish and lighting was very good. A lot of the lighting had dimmer switches which are very useful especially in the bathroom area if you want to have a relaxing bath.One thing I noticed especially was the sound proofing. I think this is the first hotel in recent memory that I heard no noise at all from any adjoining rooms.We were very satisfied and would definitely return if the price was right.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good Location	Enjoyed my stay. Booked a deluxe 1 bedroom, felt like an apartment. Nice view of the Crysler building from the bedroom. Room service was good, although I thought the burger was only average considering it came form a burger restaurant. There were a few maintenance issues but not a major problem. I thought the kitchen was a bit of wasted space, a bath tub would have been nice. The fitness centre was closed for a refurb. Murry Hill is a great location nice and quiet but near most attarations. I can't understand why anyone would want to stay in the craziness of Times Square. The close proximity to Grand Central makes it easy if you are taking the express bus to the airport. Will definately stay there again in September.	
Feb 28 2009 	Our only hotel	We stay at the Shelburne each time we are in NYC. It is nice to see that they have had a renovation. We love the location and the service there could not be better. On one occasion, the airline lost my luggage and the folks at the Shelburne helped me find them. I love this hotel and we will always stay there.	
Feb 27 2009 	Best value accommodation in NYC - and then some.	My wife &amp; I headed into NYC to celebrate our 1-year anniversary. Since we just got back from our delayed honeymoon last month, we decided we didn't want to break the bank. The Shelburne fit the bill perfectly - and then some. The recent renovations made the smallish rooms warm &amp; friendly - new bed linens, bathroom fixtures, flat panels, etc. Rare, the burger joint on the 1st floor, is an excellent place to grab a few beers &amp; a delish burger. All of the staff we met - doormen, restaurant staff, check-in desk, cleaning staff - were very nice &amp; helpful. Only issue would be if you plan to workout-the gym is currently being renovated, so you have to go to a sister property a few blocks down. Other than that, great stay - will be back.	
Feb 23 2009 	An outstanding option for families -- and a value too	Granted, we obtained a recession / low-season room-rate special promotion, but not in many, many years have we found such a remarkable value in NYC. The one-bedroom suites would be comfortable for a family up to 6 (we are 5), depending on sizes/ages of kids. And the two bathrooms are a godsend. Cool, comfortable furnishings. Location is not in the thick of things but frankly, the quiet of the neighborhood makes for a nice change from the frenzy elsewhere in the city.We visited on what turned into a busy (President's Day) weekend, so we forgave that the desired items off the Affinia &quot;pillow menu&quot; and the advertised &quot;cupcakes&quot; delivered by room service were not available in either case. Disappointing to the kids, but staff was friendly and apologetic, and it was a testimony to how well we all liked the hotel in general that the absense of an &quot;iPod pillow&quot; and a cupcake could not sour the overall assessment.	
Feb 21 2009	Super Clean	My daughter and I just returned from 5 nights in New York where we stayed at Shelburne Murray Hill. We have stayed in many hotels and this one was among the top for cleanliness, freshness, comfort, service, and overall attitude of the staff. The king size bed was extremely comfortable and the room quiet. From our window we could see the Empire State Building and could easily walk to Grand Central, Times Square, United Nations , Chrysler Building and even all the way to Magnolia's Bakery which we enjoyed most nights. We would most definetly return to Shelburne Murray Hill.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Just got back from a girls long weekend in NYC. This hotel was great. The rooms are huge by NYC standards. We had a suite (2 Queens and a pullout sofa) with 2 bathrooms! Perfect when sharing with two others. The staff was wonderful, and the attached resturant/bar was fun. Location is great. It is in a quiet neighborhood and a short 4-5 blocks from the subway/grand central. Would highly recommed this hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	overall we were happy	We stayed here for a overnight over presidents weekend. We also got a great rate though travelzoo, $149 for a 2 bed room. Room was very large by NY standards. Nicely removated. Nice kitchen area and bathroom. Beds were comfortable and the linens were great. Location was great.... a few blocks from Grand Central. Neighborhood was quiet. Staff seemed quite friendly. We didnt eat at the restaurant. We had a renovated room, our only complaint: One window had lovely light blocking drapes, while one did not have anything but light filering shades. Also, the bathroom had NO, I repeat NO curtains/shades, etc covering the window. We ended up rigging a towel to cover it (it was late and we couldnt see moving rooms with our young children). We would definelty stay here again though. Nice hotel, great price.	
Feb 17 2009 	Huge rooms...recently renovated	We stayed in a one bedroom suite for two nights (Feb. 14th to the 16th). The room was actually two rooms...living room with pull out couch and two queen beds in the other room. Each room had its own bathroom. Rooms were very clean, neat with a lot of room to spread out. Nice!Quiet hotel and only a couple blocks from Grand Central Terminal. Definitely will stay here again. Only complaint was that the front desk people were not very knowledgeable on nearby restaurants. Although we didn't need it, they are currently renovating the second floor to move the health club to that location from the basement. Didn't hear any noise from the renovation while we were there.	
Feb 17 2009 	Terrific Stay	5 block walk from Grand Central, hotel staff were very welcoming. Cleanliness, comfort, and amenities of room were all top notch. Though exercise room is temporarily closed, hotel renovations did not affect us. Some decent restaurants within 1-2 blocks; fashion district very near.	
Feb 17 2009 	Perfect experience here	We booked a promotional deal through Travelzoo, which was very affordable. We had a one-bedroom suite for three nights in February. The suite was very spacious, especially by NYC standards. The bedroom and living room format worked very well for us, as we were five people. There was plenty of closet space, two TVs and two fridges, which meant that we never felt as if we were on top of one another. The rooms and bathrooms were spotless and very attractively decorated. The linens were lovely and the beds very comfortable.Our room had a view of an air shaft, but we didn't care at all, as we were not there in the daytime very much.The staff were genuinely friendly and helpful -- not a trace of attitude. If we can get a deal here again, we will definitely return. A total delight!	
Feb 15 2009 	Wonderful Valentine's Day!	Tripadvisor is my Bible when it comes to planning any trip, especially when it comes to choosing a hotel. I completely trust my fellow reviewers, thanks guys!I recently booked the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel for a Valentine's Day getaway, I was not disappointed. The room was super clean, the beds were very comfortable and The Shelburne turned out to be everything I expected. I booked the Deluxe Suite w/two beds, the room was a nice size, and the Murray Hill area is quiet for New York. I got a great rate $149, I booked it about a month before via Travel Zoo, another website I recommend for finding he best deals around the country, they always provide unbeatable rates the moment they are available, but you have to book them ASAP. I booked a special TravelZoo rate directly through the hotel and avoided any booking fees associated with other travel sites like Orbitz and Expedia, though Travelzoo will also notify you when these sites have the best deals.My boyfriend and I had a great night, I also found that the staff was very helpful, despite some previous reviews. I've found that sometimes customer attitude and kindness will directly effect the type of service you receive. Though I didn't order, I will say that the room service dining menu is quite reasonable in prices, compared to most in-room dining menus, had we had more time I would have ordered room-service. The bed was soo comfortable, we missed the $12 buffet breakfast that ended at 11am, Hopefully next time we can take advantage of it as well.Thanks to Tripavisor, I got exactly what I expected and more.	
Feb 14 2009 	Wonderful	I was very pleased with my stay here.The lobby is not a showplace, but the room MORE than makes up for it. I stayed in a deluxe one bedroom, and was not disappointed.The furnishings were lovely, and the bed and linens were super comfortable.	
Feb 11 2009	Nice Hotel and no sign of mice!!	First time in NYC on a six night trip with the wife. Booked through Expedia and had a standard bedroom, Queen size bed.The hotel is in an excellent location, a short 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station and it's subway. (NYC is your oyster if you purchase the 7 day ticket for $25)The room was modern and clean and well kept during our stay. We had a room to the front, no noise from other customers and limited disruption from the street outside. Reception staff were fine but I wouldn't get excited about their service, concierge was helpful but internet access is pricey and we didn't bother.View from the roof is great, doormen are not into opening doors but I can manage that myself. They were however quite helpful with advice.The restaurant on the ground floor was busy and noisy, we didn't eat there, it didn't bother us but it might annoy folk staying in the rooms above it.Around the hotel are a few diners for breakfasts (both cheap and expensive) and quite a number of restaurants (try Dukes bar on 3rd Avenue a minute or so walk away, great food and drink)We flew into Newark and got the bus to around three blocks away from the hotel, very simple.All in all was very happy with the hotel, the price we booked it for and the location. Would happily stay there again and would recommend to my friends.Oh...and no evidence of mice.	
Feb 11 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Really cannot say enough complimentary things about this hotel and its staff. Third sight seeing trip to New York in last three years. Always look for something special on the internet but have had mixed luck in finding that special place. Sometimes expectations from the internet descriptions and pictures do not meet our hopes/expectations.THAT WAS DEFINITELY NOT the case with the Shelburne. Booked a deluxe one bedroom suite and it was all we could have expected and much more. Staff is friendly and helpful in every way. We got an incredible deal and booked it for $189/night.We could look out our window and see the Empire State Building lit up. Different colour schemes in lighting while we were there. Red the first two nights and then yellow and purple( our favourite).Do yourself a favour and go up to the rooftop for really good sites and pictures of both the Empire State Building and the Chrysler BuildingLocation was great, just walk approx. five blocks up Lexington to the Lexington Avenue side entrance to Grand Central Station. Chrysler Building is directly across the street. There is a Grand Central market along that entrance that sells fresh produce. Also if in a rush for lunch check out the food court on the ground floor of Grand Central.Make sure you walk west on 37th one day to Park Ave. and then turn up (right) to Grand Central so that you get the spectacular view of the main entrance to Grand Central.Do yourself a favour and get the 7 day subway pass for about $21. Entitles you to unlimited use of subway AND BUSES for 7 days. Best way to get around Manhattan.The Shelburne is now our hotel of choice in New York.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great rooms fantastic value through travelzoo.com great location	Fantastic place to say and incredible rooms. We had a suite with bedrrom, living room and two bathrooms. It was really huge for Manhattan's standards and everything was perfect. I'm very particular and I didn't have one complaint. I would highly recommend this hotel and I have stayed in NYC at more hotels then I can count.	
Feb 4 2009	Excellent stay at Shelburne Murray Hill	My 21-year-old daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed out stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill. I paid $169 through travelzoo.com for a 1-bedroom suite w/ 2 baths. Our room was #1001, one of the newly renovated suites. The front desk clerk stated those rooms are not going to be available much longer, they’re being converted to 2 rooms. Too bad, we thought the suite configuration was wonderful.Our suite had wonderful contemporary decor, was very clean, and had many conveniences and amenities: multi-level lights, lights (some with dimmers) controlled from switches on wall, Aveda toiletries, lots of nice towels, plentiful hangers in two closets, a mini-fridge in each room, luxe knitted throws, excellent beds with great linens, flat-screen TVs in both living and bedroom. The bedroom bath had a large vanity with shower only &amp; the other bathroom (off the living room) was small with a compact vanity and a tub/shower. Bathroom lighting was excellent. My one complaint would be the inconvenient bedroom shower with glass half-wall (no door on the shower) that required multiple towels/washcloths to be placed on the threshold to block flooding the bathroom floor.We saw absolutely no sign of mice (mentioned in other recent reviews). Service from bellmen, doormen, and housekeeping was very good. Our room was located on the back of the building with no view, but we could hear no street noise and that’s much more important to me. The hotel charges too much for internet access, so I did without e-mail during our stay. I used one of the public computers to check in for my departing flite, cost was $6.95 for 15 minutes use.This hotel was a great value in a very good location. I would not hesitate to recommend the Shelburne Murray Hill and would stay there again.	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice recently refurbished hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Shelburne for five nights whilst visiting New York. The hotel is in a perfect location, being 15 minute walk to all of the major attractions, in a nice residential area but away from the worst of the hustle and bustle.We stayed in one of the refurbished rooms (a one bedroom suite) on the 11th floor and found the room to be excellent. Our suite had a separate lounge, bedroom and 2 bathrooms (the sofa can become a sofa bed and therefore the suite will accommodate four people if you want it to). It was furnished to a high standard and was very large by city standards. The bed was a superking and extremely comfortable, offering the usual Affinia pillow 'menu'. Complimentary toiletries were of a high standard and housekeeping was meticulous - the housekeepers were friendly and professional.Service at the hotel was mixed. Some of the receptionists were a little complacent, some very helpful. Housekeeping great as I have noted above. We rarely used the conceirge so I can't really comment on them.Although I know it is hardly the most important part of the experience I have to say the doormen are absolutely hopeless - in all our comings and goings I think they opened the door twice. At other times they were chatting to friends on their mobile or talking to local cab drivers and were therefore totally oblivious to any guests. On a fair number of occasions they actually let the door go in our faces, as they were distracted with something often non-work related. The Rare burger restaurant that is on the ground floor is great - wonderful, albeit expensive, food, excellent service and ambience.Don't even think about using the internet at the hotel - $6.50 for 15 minutes! We sought out a local internet cafe. Loose the doorman and offer guests complimentary internet access!Overall though we had a great stay and would definately return again. If you decide to book however you must check Expedia for prices. By booking through Expedia we saved £300 ($430) on our overall stay, despite the Affinia website claiming to have the cheapest rates. We always prefer to book directly so I did e-mail the hotel general manager, who often posts replies here, to ask if they would match the price - I didn't and haven't had any reply - their loss.	
Jan 24 2009 	Worst Experience Ever	Following my stay, I sent three emails to the manager and am still waiting for a response. I think the contents of my email sum up my experience quite well, so I have pasted them here:I received your contact information from the front desk upon checkout, and I wanted to follow-up with you regarding my recent stay with your hotel. To begin, I want you to know that I have come to truly admire the Affinia brand, and I often recommend the hotels in DC, NYC, and Chicago to friends, family, and clients. We come to New York several times a year, and usually stay at your sister hotel, the Affinia Dumont. However, my recent stay with Shelburne Murray Hill left much to be desired, and I would be appalled if anyone that I referred would have had a similar experience. To begin, we were given a room (Room 210) on one of the floors that is being remodled, and so we completely understood that there may be some inconveniences (within reason) with the ongoing upgrades; however, this room was in no shape to be occupied. First, the room showed many signs that it was not yet complete: there was exposed insultation, cardboard signs taped to the door covering the peepholes, no shower curtain lining, no alarm clock, and some of the lightbulbs had blown out. There wasn't even a Guest Services book! Secondly, upon settling in, we found that the toilet would not flush, so we had to call Guest Services to have a plumber come to remedy the problem. At this point, we actually had to call twice since, after 45 minutes, no one had come to the room.  Some of these issues, when encountered on an individual basis, are easily overlooked, especially as the hotel is undergoing renovation. The biggest concern though came the second night when we saw two mice as we were about to retire. We immediately notified Guest Services, and the only suggestion they offered was to send someone up to put out glue traps. Of course, they also offered to come remove the glue traps if and when a mouse was caught. When a representative came up to our room, we requested to be moved to another room, which they did with a great amount of hesitation. It almost seemed as though your representatives did not value our concerns, and thought that we might be exaggerating (even though it was 2:00 AM!). After your representative brought the new keys, we moved all of our own belongings up to the new room, Room 1022. The new room was beautiful and obviously an example of a &quot;finished&quot; room - and all of the things we have come to expect from the Affinia brand. The following morning, after a hectic, late night, we called the Front Desk to request a late checkout, to which they responded would not be possible. They stated that reason we could not be accommodated was that the maximum number of guests requesting a late check out had already been met. While I understand that not everyone can be accommodated all of the time, especially when other guests are checking in, I was shocked at this response. I have never stayed in a hotel where late check-outs are granted on a &quot;first come, first serve basis&quot; and that there was some established quota that guests may be unaware of. Exhausted, we checked out and voiced our concerns with the Front Desk, where they stated that there was nothing that could do to improve our experience since the room had been pre-paid for (through Expedia). The gentleman at the desk, upon request, gave me your information and suggested that I reach out to you regarding my stay and my concerns.  Again, all of these issues on an individual basis would not warrant a response such as this. Combined over the course of a short weekend trip, they made for an unpleasant and uncomfortable stay. These are not the types of memories I want brought to mind when selecting and recommending accommodations in the future.  Thank you for your time. I hope that my feedback serves to improve the stay of future customers.	
Jan 20 2009 	Fabulous Weekend	Although most of the reviews I read on the Shelburne were positive, there were some negatives so I was a bit skeptical. No need to worry. The place was as close to perfect as I could hope. Check in was a breeze. The staff was friendly and helpful...five stars in my book. The room was spotlessly clean and ready for us when we arrived. Service was unbelievably fast. We called housekeeping for extra towels and they were delivered to us in ten minutes by a very pleasant young man. When we ordered room service, the food arrived within 15 minutes, which is so much faster than we found in other New York hotels....and it was delicious. It was terrific having the little kitchenette in the room. We especially liked the fact that the under counter refrigerator was equipped with a large ice maker, so we had tons of ice for our late night drinks without having to run down the hall to an ice machine. If I have one criticism, it is a minor one. The bathroom was very nice, but small. There was no counter on which to put out my makeup, so getting ready to go out was a little inconvenient. By the way, we saw no mice...and no mouse traps. Apparently the mouse problem caused by the recent renovations has been taken care of. Next time we're in New York for a weekend, the Shelburne will definitely be our hotel.	
Jan 13 2009 	Location was perfect for us	This hotel was a little gem nestled in a convenient neighborhood. We booked it in order to attend a 3-day event at Madison Square Garden, and walked to and from MSG, as well as restaurants, shopping and sightseeing stops, each night. Its location near Grand Central made our train commute a breeze.The front desk was helpful and friendly, though we never managed to get a doorman's attention in all our comings and goings and had to throw open the heavy outer doors with bags in our hands each time. There is a cozy tv lounge in the lobby with complimentary daily New York Times.Our room on the 4th floor was pretty, nicely decorated and extremely quiet. It looked newly renovated.The heat was strong, but that was just fine by us--it was cold in NYC all weekend. It was lacking the coffee maker, which we ended up requesting the second night--they just forgot to put it in the room. Nor was there a room service menu, which would have been helpful--we assumed it was not offered and found out the last day that the menu was simply omitted from our room packet. I would advise requesting a higher floor until their remodel is complete as we did have a little furry, four-footed visitor on Friday night. I thought he had disappeared on Saturday, so we stayed in the room despite an immediate offer to switch rooms or lay traps. We were mistaken--he reappeared on Sunday night, and my daughter and I couldn't sleep knowing we had &quot;company&quot; so at 9 p.m. we loaded up our baggage and relocated to the 12th floor, with a complimentary breakfast the next day for our inconvenience. They were wonderful about it, but what was interesting was the variation in rooms--the 12th floor room had a miniscule bathroom and not as pleasing a layout, albeit a kitchen which we didn't have time to use.In all, I liked the hotel, the location and the responsiveness of the staff.	
Jan 13 2009 	Nice room	We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by the door man. The reception staff were very curtious and efficent. The room was on the 13th floor and we had a nice view of the Chrysler building. The room was large and spacious and well presented. We had a kitchen and the bed was sooo comfortable. We were in NYC for over New Year and had a fantastic stay. The check out was one of the best I have ever had. Will return next time in NYC.	
Jan 10 2009 	Magic @ the Murray Hill	We booked our short stay after reading about a hotel price special via travelzoo.com. Arrival was smooth with a map, directions from the hotel web site, and low-traffic @ arrival time, around 3PM. Parking (valet only) costs $32-42/day, with no in/ou, which we'd read about on the hotel website. OUCH! But, hey, it's NYC.The front desk staff were friendly and welcoming, and check-in took less than five minutes. Our room on the 7th floor was lovely, with lots of attention paid to decor and cleanliness. Lighting options were unique and plentiful: artful swirly blue glass lamps, circular lighted mirrors (small and large) in the bath, individual reading lights - - modern and very cool! Top-notch cleanliness and comfort, particularly with mattresses, pillows, and bedding. Loved the homey-touches of afgans spread across the foot of each bed corner. The sleeper sofa was not made up, as per our request at booking, but one call to the front desk and that was taken care of right away.We'd read on hotel reviews here at TripAdvisor that the top floor offered great rooftop views - - and that was right on! There is a clear view of both the Empire State Building and the Crysler Building, as well as a beautiful nighttime NYC skyline from the 16th floor. Signs indicating that the rooftop was only for use by 16th floor guests though put us off momentarily. Maybe we weren't supposed to go up/out, but we did, and I'm glad. Very, very nice view.The hotel is located within easy walking distance of the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, St. Barts, and more. A bit further to 30 Rock, but completely do-able. We've paid far more for far less in other NYC hotels!	
Dec 31 2008 	Great rooms	We booked a one bedroom deluxe through Expedia and our room exceeded our expectations. We had two full baths and two separate rooms, one with a pull out sofa and one was a large bedroom. It was perfect for us and our two teens. They provided a roll-away at no extra cost also. It was in a quiet neighborhood near 24 hour delis and a really great bagel shop. The restaurant Rare was excellent, one of the best meals we had in the city. We had a great trip to New York and would stay at the Shelburne again for sure. Negatives were the room was warm but we opened the window and it was fine. The towels were what you would expect for the price and the toiletries were lacking for two baths. The room sizes and the friendly employees and the location made up for any minor issues and they were minor. We got some great pictures up on the roof with an excellent view of the Empire State Building. Just take the elevator up to the 16th floor and go out the door for a great view.	
Dec 31 2008	Mouse in the room!	The problems started when we first arrived . The temperature of our room was too warm, and after the engineer arrived we were told that there was no way to control the temperature except to open the window. There was no control for heat or cooling.  Hair from the previous occupant was in the tub and on the floor when we arrived and the bathroom was not properly cleaned during our three night stay. The bath linens and toiletries were not supplied each day and it took two requests for the needed items, and they were delivered after 11:00 PM.The final blow was a mouse that scurried in from the hall and under our door as we were packing to leave. The person at the reception desk showed no surprise when we reported it. Perhaps this is a common occurrence.This hotel was a huge disappointment. Stay away.	
Dec 29 2008 	Better than expected	I booked this hotel through Expedia. Note that what Expedia calls a “Studio Suite” is in fact a good size hotel room with no pantry-kitchenette/living room/dining room area, no iron/ironing board, hairdryer, no safe and a small entrance closet. Upon arrival, after we got and saw our room, we went down to the reception and mentioned that this was not exactly what we thought we had paid for as I was expecting to get the above. They explained that the room including the above is more expansive (probably what Expedia calls a Studio Deluxe). However, they gave us an upgrade at no charge which we greatly appreciated. Note that the other room did still not include a separate living/dining area, but everything else was present, with a larger entrance closet (twice the size). Also, no china/utensils were provided, only a separate area with a sink, mini fridge with ice maker, microwave, coffee maker and pantry space. I assume that the real suite is another notch higher but this worked fine. I would add on that chapter that it was also located on an inside corner of the hotel and that you could barely hear any sound from outside.The Shelburne Murray Hill is a greatly located and charming little hotel (for NYC). The rooms are a big size (even the simplest ones), and it is obvious that the hotel went through a major makeover recently: everything was clean and spotless, fresh paint, great decoration, new furniture, new carpeting/curtains, new faucets/toilet, new granite countertops/bed sheets/appliances, etc. The bed and bed sheets were extremely comfortable. The only flaw I noticed was that the caulking around the bathtub needed to be freshened up. As a bonus for people who like fresh air, the (new) windows open.The front desk staff/concierges/doormen/bell boys were extremely polite and helpful, good room service and housekeeping.My only negative comment would be that the doors slam a lot as there is no buffer/silent door closing mechanism installed on them. Hopefully, the neighbours were not nocturnal! Also, the walls/ceilings are not very well soundproofed. All in all, I would definitely go back to this hotel, and request the same type of room for a little more comfort and better location. But if you are not planning on being in your room a lot, don’t bother! :)	
Dec 27 2008 	Couldn't have been better	I had never stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill before, but I looked forward to staying in the relatively quiet Murray Hill section. A strange allergy that I have developed to laundry products caused me to contact the hotel to coordinate bringing my own sheets and towels. I spoke with Marybel Sigler, the assistant manager, and she was more helpful than I could have ever expected. Great staff!We were greeted by hotel employees with a friendly attitude, showed to a room that was comfortable and exceeded our expectations, and generally found our stay to be near-perfect.We'll be back!	
Dec 22 2008 	I'll Never Stay Anywhere Else	When you fall in love you can see no other and that is exactly what I want for me and the Shelburne. One would be very hard pressed to find a better value for one’s money in NYC. The location is not in the heart of it all, but that is part of the appeal (for some), however only five short New York blocks separate you and Grand Central when staying at the Shelburne. The suite was simply massive, even by Suite standards. Heck, even by Kansas City suite standards (to say nothing of New York.) Staying here is akin to having your own little apartment in Manhattan. It honestly is that homey and well appointed. Rare Bar and Grill in the ground level is also a nice cozy spot for a drink or some jazzed up pub grub. My only complaint would be the inability of the hotel to affix their suite hallway doors with something that doesn’t make them slam so very loudly.	
Dec 15 2008 	Never Again	Second time at Shelburne. Room was on 2nd floor on sub roof. No garbage pails,clocks, radio, etc. Bathtub needed reglazing. The first time I had a beautiful room for 259$. This time I was in the pits for for $399. I will not stay here again. I really got ripped off for the price.	
Dec 14 2008 	Good Value For NYC	The Shelburne Murray Hill is part of the Affinia hotel group - a small chain that operates in NYC, Chicago and DC. Like its sister hotels the Shelburne is a great value. I'd probably classify it as somewhat of a boutique, business hotel.The lobby area is not spacious but check-in was efficient. As some have mentioned the elevators are small but I never felt cramped. On the other hand although the rooms seemed on the larger size for NYC, the layout or the furniture gave the room a crowded feel. Beds were very comfortable and you have a choice of 5 different types of pillows. There is no chair for the only desk in the room - you have to use the edge of your bed, which made room-service dining a little uncomfortable. There was also a tiny kitchenette with a small Viking microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom was also relatively spacious and functional, although the window was not covered.I reluctantly ordered room service one evening although I was in the one of the culinary havens of the world because it was pouring outside. Room service is from the hotel restaurant - an upscale hamburger pub. I was pleasantly surprised at my classic burger and sweet potato fries. The pub also serves as the breakfast room serving an average buffet but at only $12.Overall it was a satisfying stay. Clean, functional and efficient. Perfect for NYC because you want to spend most of your time (and money) in the city!	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Travel Tips	My Husband and I take a trip to New York every couple of years or so. We try to stay at different Hotels each time we visit, but this year it was really hard to find a Hotel that we really liked. I really felt overwhelmed at the amount of Choices that we had. My Husband told me that he did some research on the internet and found a great site that can help with planning our stay in New York City. [-] made it so easy with the trip planner portion of the website. I really liked the sound of the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel because the location was close enough to Shopping and Theatre, but just far enough from the noise and sounds of traffic. It was such a nice Hotel, so clean and modern; just what we wanted! We also booked tickets with New York Guest; we saw The Phantom of the Opera. It was so nice and we had great seats. They even helped with our transportation to and from JFK Airport. The best thing about the trip was that the stess of planning was non-existant. I really suggest using this website if you are looking for a great New York City experience! The Hotel Conciege was great as well, they suggested a great little Italian Restaurant called La Masseria for dinner before the Show. The entire stay was just perfect.	
Dec 12 2008 	Perfect location	We were totally satisfied with this hotel, perfect location and renovated rooms with nice view!A very nice hotel to stay at !	
Dec 10 2008 	Location 	By far, the best hotel I've ever atayed in.1-Location: 5min walk to Grand Central Station (bus and train connections to NYC airports) and Chrysler Building; 10min walk to Bryant Park and Rockefeller Center; 15min walk to Times Square.2- Confort: huge, cosy and freshly remodeled rooms. Incredibly confortable beds and pillows, 1-2 bathrooms, fresh linen every day and a good price for 2 double beds with an optional extra sofa bed (great deal for small groups).3- Extras: helpful staff, wireless internet in the rooms, really nice burguer restaurant.It's great value for your money, trust me.	
Dec 10 2008 	Best hotel ever	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Shelburn in Sep 2008, just after spending one week in Hawaii. We had booked the hotel back in March 2008, and when we arrived we where pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel had been fully renovated! Turned out that Affinia hotel chains had taken over the hotel.We got our room which was newly renovated and wonderfull! The beds where so great I wanted to take it with me home to Sweden, I´ve never slept so good in my whole life!! The staff at the shelburne where so kind and helpfull, especially Jose the bellhop and the wonderfull doormen who where o so ready to give you great tips about the city! The location of the hotel was perfect, it only took minutes to get to Times Square, 5th Avenus, Broadway....We even walked all the way downtown. It took about an hour and fifteen minutes to walk to the World Trade Center Area. All and all, it was a perfect stay at the Shelburne.. Im sad that they have raised the prices since we stayed there, otherwise I would shurely book this hotel again!	
Dec 4 2008 	Really Liked thsi Hotel	My Husband and I stayed here for the first few days of our honeymoon. Having been to NYC before, we knew a little bit about the location, and we were not disapointed with this Hotel.Really close to Empire State Building, Chrysler Building, and just a short walk to Times Square. Plus you are really close to Grand central terminal to, which is really handy for jumping on the subway. The rooms were small, but well appointed, and we had a lovely meal in the restaurant there.One of the main reason i booked was for the roof terrace, which seemed to be closed at the time, but we could still go up for a look, and the views are fantastic.We love New York, and hope to go back again next year, and we would certainly stay at this hotel hotel again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Wish there was a 4.5 0.5 taken away for minor issue.	Just returned yesterday following 5 night stay in NYC - groan, wish we were still there! Overall, really pleased with my choice of hotel and the value for money for the deal we got. Location of hotel is great, in Murray Hill / Midtown area, walking distance to Times Square / 5th Ave shops / Rockerfeller Center etc etc and to some decent Diner's for breakfast and numerous restaurants nearby on 3rd Avenue. Whilst it is close to these things, it's immediate surroundings are nice and quiet / residential. The hotel is still undergoing some renovation works which did not interfere with our stay. The room itself was very pleasant, somewhat smaller than I am used to from an Affinia hotel in New York and not really a 'suite' as advertised - no separate living area or kitchenette facilities like the Dumont or Affinia 50 nearby, however this was not a problem as good Deli on Lex /34th or chicken place on 3rd ave which both made good food to take away which we would eat back in our room after the more tiring days when we just needed to relax and slouch in our room! The bed is comfy and decor is modern without being too minimalist. The bathroom is a good size and again nice decor. Housekeeping was excellent and had our room back as good as new each day on our return. Only 2 minor issues, I asked reception for more pillows on the Thursday of our stay but no signs of anything still by the Saturday morning so I left a note for housekeeping and there were extra pillows on our return to our room. Also, other Affinia hotels the doormen are just that, getting the door for you/ welcoming you and wishing you well whenever you enter/leave the hotel and tipping their hats, not so at the Shelburne. Whilst they were pleasant enough, I think they only got the door for us once and were either on the phone next to the door or on the corner of the street or eating in the back room! So just 2 minor observations that take away half a star on an otherwise perfect stay! Would recommend.	
Dec 1 2008 	Beyond Expectations	Stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill over the Thanksgiving holiday. I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews however, we did not experience any of the problems encountered by some other reviewers. The hotel staff was excellent. We tried to check in early but our room was not ready (which was fine...we were a few hours shy of the 3pm check in time). Still, the front desk offered to upgrade us to a suite with a kitchenette. The room was wonderful. Very clean and quite large for a hotel room in Manhattan. The room was also quite. The concierge service was excellent. Elliot hooked us up with a fantastic upscale Mexican restaurant for dinner (exactly what we were craving). Overall, it was a fanstatic trip and we now plan on staying at the Shelburne Murray Hill each time we are in Manhattan.	
Nov 1 2008 	Really great	I read the reviews and was afraid! The thing to remember is that there is a delay in the reviews posted (in order to verify) and so when I went to write this I found two recent new reviews which would have allayed my fears. Our first visit to New York was off to a great start when we saw our lovely room on the sixth floor. Beautiful new decor, very comfortable bed, good bathroom and the kitchen facilities useful. The location was spot on to visit many mid town attractions.Service was excellent and so dicrete that we never saw a cleaner but the results were there. Nice toiletries (aveda), flat screen tv, cd player/alarm clock, iron/ironing board and safe in room.The door staff and reception were approachable and willing to help with local info. I hope to return soon. P.S. The lobby was almost finished as we left so if they are working from the top down the renovation and rebranding of the hotel must be drawing to a close.	
Nov 1 2008 	Not what I expected - but good anyway	Surprisingly quiet and with fantastic beds this hotel became our haven during the week in NYC . Renovation is still on-going but hasn't disturbed us at all. The rooms were clean and spacious. I had expected more from the &quot;suite&quot; descriptions and web photos which made me think of an extra sofa, perhaps a table etc. Our rooms were simply standard single hotel rooms, but fine as such. The staff was friendly and efficient.So, is it worth the price? Probably, but which Manhattan hotel is really? To charge extra for interet is insulting. At these rate levels, why can't that be included?	
Oct 30 2008 	Best Hotel in NYC	I've stayed in a lot of NY hotels- from 1-4 star hotels, and this has been, by far, the best of the bunch. Through a hotel error, we were booked in the 2 bedroom suite (I had booked a 1 bedroom suite). The room was gorgeous!!! We were in a corner room, with 2 balconies (accessed through both the living room or the dining area) and a great view of the Empire State Building. There were renovation going on in the hotel, but they did not effect me at all. I would gladly stay there again and would recommend it to all my family and friends. I also liked that it was only a few blocks from Grand Central Station.	
Oct 24 2008 	Fantastic hotel	My Mum and I stayed at The Shelburne, Murray Hill in October. It was my first trip to New York although my Mum has been before. After reading the reviews I was a bit put off. However the door staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Also the reception staff very pleasant. The rooms were immaculate, spacious and very clean. The restaurant is great and the location of the hotel is perfect. We met some lovely people who live in the neighbourhood who were very friendly and helpful. Am planning on returning to this hotel in 2010. Highly recommended	
Oct 22 2008 	loved this hotel	Having recently stayed at this hotel and looking up the reviews before I went I was dreading what I would find when I got there. However I am delighted to say I found this to be a very good hotel with very nice rooms, absolutely spotless and very spacious. Doormen are by far the friendliest I have ever met! Reception staff can be a bit rude though so I would recommend improving this service. I wouldnt hesitate to return here.	
Oct 17 2008	Suberb Location	We loved the hotel. The location is superb, just a few short blocks from Grand Central Terminal. Our room on the 11th floor was spacious, modern, clean and quiet with a nice view and no street noise . The remodling seems nearly complete and did not impact our experience. The rooftop lounge was closed for the season unfortunately.. The hotel manager Andrew Fletcher was extremely helpful when the safe in our room failed to open and went out of his way to fix the problem...I felt compared to other hotels that charged more this hotel offered the best value. Excellent little restaurants within 2 blocks...especially loved Sam's Place and Scotty's diner. Would stay there again for sure.JeffCalifornia	
Oct 14 2008 	Still under construction Pass	Hotel is still under construction as of aug 2008 and will not be done until 2009, they said lobby is next, internet does not work on the top floors because of construction, I think it is wrong for the hotel to tell you, they are finished with construction when they are not, as having internet is key for business. Movies did not work do to construction, I used to stay at the old Shelburne before the remodle, prices are way up, I paid 499 per night . the old hotel before remodel had larger rooms ect. The staff is nice , but I would stay at the Dumont, owned by the same company Affinia, I travel for business 2 weeks of every month. Pass this hotel until they really are done with working on it in 2009. They need to be more honest.	
Oct 10 2008	Great location in Midtown	Shelburne Murray Hill has a great location in Midtown. We stayed in a suite and it was smaller than expected (it looked like an average size European hotel room). The bed was a grand lit and very comfortable and the wardrobe was quite big. The furniture was in dark colours, but the room was equipped with a lot of lights. Other amenities in the room: air conditions, television, iron/iron board, fridge, oven, microwave, glass and plates. The hotel also provides soaps, small bottles of shampoo, shower gel, body lotion and shower cap. Just make sure that you do not get ride of your shower cap (The second day of my stay at the hotel, I accidentally, drop the shower cap in the toilet!), because the cleaning lady would not replace it with a new one. Shelburne Murray Hill has a grill restaurant that serves American breakfast buffet in the morning. The buffet taste okay. The hotel also have a roof top bar, which can be quite nice to visit if you gathering together with friends, but I did not find the view any special though.	
Oct 2 2008 	Dodgy dishonest staff - avoid like the plague	My cousin and I (both married women in our late 20's) stayed here for a 3 night girls' getaway in late June. Our catalogue of abhorrent experiences while staying here is as follows:1) We went up to the rooftop bar for a drink on the first evening. The experience started out well, as we chatted to the like-nationality bouncer and enjoyed the view. From time to time we dealt with the advances of over-confident local men with good humour. At closing time of the bar, we were invited by two particular men to accompany them to another bar, to which we declined. They pestered us but eventually gave up. My cousin and I then got in the full lift to go down to our floor, and asked the bouncer not to let the two men in the lift, which he didn't at first, but then did. We got out at our floor, waited for the lift to close and continue on its way before going to our room. About 20 minutes later we got a knock on our room door. The knocking continued for a few minutes. Unwisely, we opened the door and it was these two men. They told us that the FRONT DESK HAD TOLD THEM OUR ROOM NUMBER. They then continued knocking on the door after we closed it but disappeared when we called security, who passed them in the corridor. It is impossible that they found out our room number any other way as we ensured we weren't followed when we went back to our room - they also did not knock on every room on the floor as they were knocking on our door for a matter of minutes. We complained to the manager on duty in the morning (Jessica), who bluntly told us that the events we related were impossible due to hotel policy. Despite indirectly accusing us of lying, she advised us that she would investigate and let us know what she found out, which never happened.2) A spillage was made on the sheets of one of the beds which was highly visible to cleaning staff. However, the bed was remade with the spoiled sheet and we were then rudely chastised by the cleaning staff when we later requested they change it.3) Upon checkout, the computer system was apparently down. They advised us, however, of the total amount of our final bill, which was higher than we believed it should have been, however they could not give us a breakdown of the amounts on the bill due to the system being down. We agreed with the staff that we would go and have lunch and come back in a few hours in the hope of the system being back up and we would then resolve and settle the bill. When we arrived back in the agreed few hours, it transpired that in the meantime, a staff member had gone to a sister hotel, which had a working system, and charged our credit card (details of which were given as security upon check-in) for the whole amount of the over-charged, disputed bill without it being resolved. The staff just looked at us blankly and refused any remedial or compensatory action for this final stuff-up.So, in summary, with so many hotels in NYC, AVOID THIS ONE!!! It turned what should have been a great, long anticipated weekend in NYC one riddled with frustrations and disappointment because of this dubious establishment.	
Oct 1 2008	Infested with Mice	This hotel is undergoing a total renovation. We stayed in a renovated room which was anything but a &quot;suite&quot; as advertised on Expedia. I'd describe it as your normal, average-sized hotel room. The room was clean and comfortably furnished. The staff was friendly and efficient. I was disappointed that the hotel charged $10/day for WiFi -- something one did not find out until calling down to the front desk for a required userid/password. The major problem with this hotel is mice. The first night my wife awoke to find some unidentifiable animal crawling on her, which quickly scurried off once she sat up. When she reported this problem to the front desk the next morning, their immediate response was the offer of a refund. This was retracted when it was discovered we had booked the room through Expedia. We turned down an offer to change our room as it would be too inconvenient and there was no guarantee that the new room would not suffer from the same infestation. They agreed to put mouse traps in our room. When we returned to our room late that evening, we found the hotel had given us a gift certificate for a free two-night stay. During our second (and last) night, the trap they had put in our room caught a mouse. While I'm sure that the mouse problem is attributable to the renovation and, once completed, the hotel will get the situation under control. Until such time, I would not recommend staying there.	
Sep 22 2008 	Very Nice	We stayed Saturday night 9/20/2008 and were very pleased. We arrived early and were given a room right away. The staff was friendly and attentive. The room had just been renovated and was great. The bed was extremly comfortable. We saw no evidence of construction or mice as other reviewers had complained about. This Hotel is a very easy walk to Grand Central and is located in a very nice residential area. I would definately stay there again.	
Sep 21 2008 	Watch Out! Mice attack at night!	After a troubled flight to JFK from Rome via London (Alitalia delay in Rome, missed Virgin Atlantic flight, reeboking on a later flight, 2 hours queue at JFK immigration, lost Airlink van thus we took a cab - fixed rate, another hour or so to get to Murray Hill), we reach the reception at almost 2am, they give us the room key, this would not work, cos' someone else is already in that room. Hotel fully booked, our Hotel.com prepaid reservation was totally forgotten. They send us with 10$ at their Affinia Manhattan hotel for one night. From next day the room would have been ready The 3 of us, with loads of patience, accept, grab luggage and go. Got to sleep at 3,30 am. Next day we go back to the Shelburne for our room, leave the luggage at reception and start our tour in NYC. We got the room 1013 (10th floor). Nice and renovated. The hotel was undergoing renovation ins severeal floors in that period. After 3 nights of nice good stay, one morning we find the bag with the loaf of bread bitten and a big hole inside. My cousin woke up that night hearing fully noise, turns on the light and with astonishment sees a mouse running away behind the bed. He took all the food out of the room door, called down at 2,30 am and tried to get back to sleep. But of course he couldn't. He didn't woke us: what the point of getting scared at 3 in the morning ? where do we go? So the next day we got the manager and complained hardly, without yelling, about the case. I travel for business all over the world: I have stayed in awful hotels in India or other 3 world countries. Never, ever in my life I had mice in the room, if not in Manhattan NYC! Unbelievable! The manager of course apologised and gave us some nights free reimburesed back by hotels.com. And a suite room at the 13th floor. The funny thing of this story is that one morning at the 13th floor we hear the maids yelling, we get out and ask them what's going on. They said &quot;a mouse just got underneath the door of a closet&quot;. Oh Man! we said, Can't believe this. To make it short. we put all we could in the fridge (food I mean), and towels on the floor to close the door gap with the floor. What the hell! We were in NYC for the first time to enjoy this beautiful city, and no mice would have spoiled our holiday. To conclude, at a straight question to the manager:&quot;would you yourself stay in this hotel after what happened&quot;, he replied&quot;I can tell you that if this has happened to my mother or my sister, they would be 25 miles away from this place&quot;. We have been brave! Happy holidays at the Shelburne.	
Sep 9 2008 	Staff leaves much to be desired......	Booked on Expedia but they neglected to tell us that the room would be one of the un-renovated ones. I think the hotel should resort to filling reservations for those particular rooms under construction. Listen to your customer reviews, they’re not happy. The only nice thing about those rooms is their spaciousness. As for the staff, get a new one! The front desk girls are plain rude, God forbid you ask them a question or bother them, and housekeeping move like snails. Due to them, you can bet I will never stay at your hotel again Alvin. The only pleasant workers were the concierge’s; I made sure I tipped them well.	
Sep 8 2008 	Some pluses and minuses	Good points:1. Great rate $200/night booked through Priceline2. Nice restaurant (Rare) and rooftop lounge overlooked the Empire State Building3. Exterior of the building and lobby are lovely4. Large room by NYC standards5. Full kitchenBad points:1. Unrenovated rooms look a little shabby2. Curtains do not close3. A little further away from the subway than what I am used to4. Neighborhood was nice but boring5. Rooftop lounge created a lot of noise and patrons using guest elevator- made it hard to catch an elevator to your room at night	
Sep 2 2008 	Mice	Looking at another review(punxsy) we also had mice in our room on the first night,we went down to front desk and offered downgrade room but declined.They sent someone up who laid sticky traps also and told it was because of construction work in hotel.The third night more mice (2 )went to front desk and same reply Construction work.the seventh night and thankful last night more mice. we at least expected a manager up to our room to offer a better answer than front desk staff.Apart from the mice the hotel is ok	
Sep 1 2008 	We Have a New Favorite in NYC	We travel to NYC frequently: we have stayed at the Waldorf, the Palace, the Intercontinental, the Roosevelt, and half a dozen others. The Shelburne Murray Hill surpasses them all in overall impression, taking into consideration location, the facility, the room size and amenities, competence and attitude of the staff, and price.We spent the weekend this past weekend, and couldn't have been happier. We'll be back again, and when in NYC, this is where you should stay.	
Aug 27 2008 	A Great Experience at the Shelburne!	This was the second time that I stayed at the Shelburne. This time, we were upgraded to a renovated one bedroom Studio suite. Very clean and modern as opposed to the previous look. Both the sitting room and the bedroom each had it's own plasma tv. The bathroom was clean and the bed was a dream! I enjoyed the location because it was a bit quieter but close enough to walk to major attractions. The staff were all friendly and courteous, especially Andy at the front desk when we checked in (which was at 9:30 am...a pleasant surprise that a room was available). I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 26 2008 	Don't Stay In This Hotel Until Renovated	Deceiving pictures and reviews on internet. Bottom line is I would not stay here again until hotel is fully renovated. We got un-renovated room. There is not one thing good about this hotel. The carpets are filthy, the closets smell, the room curtains do not close, the towels are old, no fan in bathroom and the beds were not firm. On top of this, you can hear the street traffic and we were awaken by 8:00 am with construction noise.	
Aug 19 2008 	Mice	I stayed at the Shelburne for a few days while I was in NY for business. My first night there I saw a mouse run across the floor in my room. After looking around, I noticed sticky traps around the room. I immediately went downstairs, and without any real apology was given a new room key. Given it was Midnight, I would have thought it may have been nice for someone to offer to help move me to a new room, but no luck.New room is fine, but also has a sticky trap in it. So now I spend most of my time looking for another mouse.It's a shame, they spent the money to renovate, but should have looked into an exterminator!	
Aug 15 2008 	Good central position	First time to New York and we chose this hotel after reading Trip advisor comments and visiting the hotels website. The hotel is being rebranded under the Affinia Hotels chain and there is renovation work going on to the facade and rooms on the lower floors (looks like they started at the top and are working down!). We were on the ninth floor in a one bedroomed suite - recently refurbished and view to the West - and there was no noise or disturbance from the building work on this floor. The bedroom was a good size with a king bed and good quality furnishings. The large sofa in the living area converted into a comfortable bed for our teenager - we left it as a bed whilst we were there and there was sufficient remaining room to live around it. The adequate kitchen area had a fridge/ice machine, mirowave, sink and coffee maker - all looking very good as they were new - I did wonder how long the 'leatherette' coffee machine would last with use! A request for additional cups etc, was promptly responded to by housekeeping and they also left some washing up liquid and teatowels - a simple addition but often missed out in most other hotels I have stayed in with kitchen units. My only very minor niggle was the smallish bathroom (walk in shower only) which had to be accessed through the bedroom - fantastic if you are using the suite as a couple, but not ideal if you have others staying in the living area on the sofa bed. Short, 3 block walk to nearest (33rd Street/Park Ave) subway, great deli/supermarket on 38th/3rd Ave, good midtown position to see sights in either direction. No other extras provided for the £188 per night we paid; but in a city where the 'going rate' for rooms seems to be much higher, this seemed reasonable.	
Aug 12 2008 	Shelburne Murray Hill a hit for family visit to the Big Apple	We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill in June, 2008 for four days. As an ex-New Yorker, I was bringing my daughter for her first visit to the Big Apple and was anxious that she have a positive experience. The Shelburne Murray Hill delivered! The suite was large (larger than most of the apartments I had when I lived here), had a lot of natural light and was well-furnished. Sure, the carpeting and some of the furniture was a little tired and worn, but nothing too bad. My family was delighted with all of the amenities, two full bathrooms and the kitchenette. The staff were helpful, timely, professional and courteous. They are all very excited about the ongoing renovation of the hotel. I just hope the renovation does not result in the hotel being far beyond our price point for our next visit, because we would absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 22 2008 	loved every minute of it!!!!	From the time we arrived to the time we left we could not fault this place!!! We stayed here 2 years ago for new years and are delighted we did. The staff were amazing and the room was cleaned to a high standard every day. the area around the hotel was quiet, safe and clean. I cannot wait to return next year for another holiday :):)	
Jul 16 2008 	First Time to New York	Hotel was booked via travel agent on there advice.However this hotel is tired and needs updating, I was very unhappy about the building work noise. Kitchen area in room was old and out of date , bathroom just OK.Main bedroom lounge areas were acceptable for a short stay.Staff in general were very helpful. Good central location for New York, could have had some visitor guides on display for guests.Would I stay in this hotel again possibly not as it is not great value for money.N.B. Not advised about building work at time of booking by travel agent, however hotel should ensure that all guests are aware of this issue prior to any booking.	
Jul 10 2008	Loved the Shelburnne Murray Hill	We spent 4 nights over the July 4th weekend and we loved the Shelburne. The staff was always helpful, especially Andy at the front desk and David the doorman. The rooms were big and comfortable, although the bathroom was quite small, so we were very pleased. The subway was 4 to 5 blocks away but we thought that distance was fine. The area is more residential so the noise wasn't too bad. There are numerous good restaurants within 1 to 2 blocks that stay open late and open early. We felt very comfortable letting our teenagers go out on their own. Make sure to go to the rooftop bar because the view is spectacular.We will definitely stay at the Shelburne on our next trip!	
Jul 9 2008 	a hiden jem	like every one else reading the reviews for this hotel , my fiance and my-self , were a bit dubious, but when we arrived on the 27th june 2008 for our 10 night stay, we were more than pleased, yes the hotel is going under a major refurb, but you will be hard pushed to know it , As we emptied our bags from the car , the main door man ( the big chap with the hat ) was full of happiness and delight and from then on through the glass doors and down the marble hall way , we were in shock as this hotel is WANDERFUL and the most friendliest staff we have had the pleasure to stay with, Yes the rooms may be a bit dated , but the maids are in every day cleaning your room, Sinodad ( i appolgise for miss spelling ) is the concierge and she will find you anything you need, Thank you for our car to New Jersery.The roof top bar is just that , with wanderfull views, at night , the bar is also open to the public and can become busy, The bar down stairs ( RARE ) is one on the HotSpots in Newyork and is advisable to book your table , for a delitious meal, For sightseeing and shopping you are in the perfect location , out the front door ,cross the street and walk for 5 mins up 37st, will bring you onto 5th Ave, for Tiffanys, Fendi,Versace and prada turn right, for the Empire state building and bus tours ( get the blue bus 3day pass $80 ) turn left , We have stayed in huge hotels all over the world and as it stands this is one of the best we have stayed in , we will be staying again in 2010 and this hotel is the only hotel for us in NewYork . YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED.Untill next time , Room 5R	
Jul 7 2008 	perfect	If you are staying more than two nights in NYC I would recommend staying in a quaint neighborhood to get the real &quot;feel&quot; of the city. The Shelburne was perfect -- it was fun being among the dog walkers and other locals and we saw sites we would not typically have seen had we stayed around Times Square. It was a pleasant ten minute walk to Grand Central Station for the subway, but since we were a party of four it was generally less expensive to take a taxi for door to door service.	
Jul 1 2008 	Shun the Shelburne	We like to stay in different neighborhoods when we visit New York City so we chose the Shelburne for location on our most recent visit. As we pulled up to the hotel, we were disappointed to see it surrounded by scaffolding, which indicated it was being renovated. So, during our stay, there was the dust and noise of the work. In addition, housekeeping at the hotel was very poor--when we checked in, the coffee pot hadn't been cleaned, we were not given coffee and had to call for it each day, our sheets were not changed and there was no card to indicate that we wanted them changed. The manager was very unresponsive to our comments.We won't stay at the Shelburne again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Very Nice!	Wonderful room, great service, nice view	
Jun 19 2008 	Loved IT!!	My husband and I had a great experience at the Shelburne Murray Hill hotel. The rooms were clean, elegant, and spacious. Our room had a very comfortable King bed, with a state of the art flatscreen TV. Our room also came equipped with a brand new kitchen, perfect for a peaceful evening or morning alone. We also loved the artwork and the large mirrors. The bathroom was also spectacular!! It was incredibly large, with brand new everything! It looked like a bathroom from a magazine. The marble shower had a beautiful glass door, and great shampoos and soaps- Aveda! We were also very pleased with the staff. The bellhop offered to move our car during our stay so we wouldn't recieve a parking ticket. The lobby was well decorated, and the staff at the counter were very polite. At one point during our stay, I had trouble working the thermostat. The hotel staff sent someone up to our room immediately to assist me. The hotel also has a very trendy rooftop bar for those who like to have a cocktail and enjoy the beautiful NYC skyline. My husband and I really enjoyed our drinks overlooking Manhattan during the warm summer evenings.I would recommend this hotel. The location is great, the rooms are beautiful, and large- in New York that's incredible- and the staff was very helpful.	
Jun 18 2008 	Honeymoon Heaven	Just so you know this Hotel is being renovated at the moment and it looks like it is going to be fabulous. The hotel itself is old in style but so clean it is unbelieveable. The rooms are quite big for New York city and they have small Kitchens and everything. We were there in the middle of a heat wave so the air conditioning was a must and it was great. The location of this hotel is just brilliant. It is within walking distance of everything in Midtown. The rare bar and grill is very popular and is always busy but has a great atmosphere and the food is lovely. Not popular for breakfast but there is a great diner down the road called scottys and this does breakfast 24 hours so it is really handy. The hotel staff couldn't do enough to help you and were so polite. There is also a roof top bar in this hotel, we were up there one night but there was a storm so it had to be closed. It is very popular and always packed so you have to be there early for a seat. It has a wonderful view of the empire state building but be careful it is very expensive for the drinks. They charged us 15 dollars for a cocktail when most places only charge between 7 and eight dollars. We had a brilliant time though and really enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great Place to stay!	We got an UNBELIEVABLE deal on a room at the Shelburne through Hotels.ca...I think I was at the right place at the right time - but only paid $127 a night!! I doubt you will be able to find that deal again as I checked two hours later and it went back up to $300+. Regardless - dollar for dollar - I would stay here for $400 a night. The room was huge! We had a 1 bedroom - suite with a kitchenette and little dining area...but if you're eating in your room in NYC - you are an idiiot! There is so much to see and do within walking distance. The Rare Grill right in the hotel makes a fantastic burger...we had the bison burger - worth checking out...damn filling too! The conceirge was always will to help - although we never really needed it, it was nice to know they were there. All in all - a great place to stay...each night we walked home from times square at 4 in the morning and never felt unsafe. Great neighbourhood, great staff - i highly recommend it.	
Jun 11 2008 	Agree - it's a mix	I agree with the other reviewers. This hotel has so many things going for it - the size of the rooms - the kitchenette, cleanliness and location. It is in a great area, safe, close to everything, nice deli nearby.The &quot;downside&quot; for us was upkeep in the rooms and the staff's response.Traveling to NYC with kids, we planned to eat one nice meal out per day and have breakfast at the hotel, pack a picnic lunch several days- that is why we booked a room with a kitchenette. The only problem was that the minifridge in our room did not seal completely and was therefore, not cold. We discovered this after visiting the market for sandwich supplies. We called the front desk and they sent the handyman up. The best he could do was re-align it slightly so it still had a open spot in the seal, but it was much smaller.When my daughter took her shower, the handle on the shower wouldn't work and we couldn't turn the water off completely. So, after the fridge he moved on to that. He had to turn the water off to our room while he worked. So, the first night, the handyman was in and out of our room for about 2-3 hours fixing things. The young woman at the front desk was the rudest person I've ever encountered in a hotel - She didn't see the need to move us to another room just because the fridge didn't work, the faucet didn't work, we were without water, etc. I, like others, think once their renovation is complete, it will be great. If I knew I would get one of the renovated rooms, I would stay there on my next trip with family.	
May 31 2008 	A real enigma!!	Having read alot about this hotel we arrived quite worried about what exactly we would find - let me walk you through what we did find.On arrival, the Hotel looks really nice. Its in a nice part of Lexington Avenue and could not be positioned better for sight seeing.Check in was fast, polite and proffesional.So far things looked good and our worries seemed unfounded.we got into the lift and arrived at our room on the 3rd floor. Our hearts sank when we looked upon the tatty and run down corridors. They sank even further when we got to our room to find the room opposite borded up and semi demolished.Opening the door to our room, by now with some trepidation, we were greated with a nice sized room with two large beds which was really nice. Yes the furniture and carpet was tatty but the room was faultlessly clean and tidy.There is a useful little kitchen, although the coffee maker come kettle was faulty in our room and blew the electrical trip. The cupboards were tatty and made of sheet metal.The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate and beautifully clean.Is this a nice hotel and would I recommend it - Yes I would.I beleive it is being renovated at the moment and with nice decor this would be a leading hotel choice for anyone visiting NY.	
May 30 2008 	great for us with bub	we moved from the fitzpatrick grand central (dog box room) to the shelburne for a 3 week stay. had a great solid old style cot for our 1 yr old. the staff were on the whole great. food a reasonable price from Rare. had drilling going on (part of re-furb) at bubs nap time, so they gave us free breakky and offered another room for bub and i to go to temporarily. huge room ( 1bdr suite) even if it was the older style in the property, found it heaps of room with our 1 year old. kitchenette was a huge bonus, made it sooo much easier with bub. only down side is all room doors slam shut and can hear above room and floors squeak a bit.great location, would absolutely recommend.	
May 28 2008 	Many Pro's very few cons.	got a good deal for Memorial weekend. Good neighborhood, front desks staff was good. Our travel agent called to upgrade us to a better room, a renovated room, and was told that it would be no problem, but when we checked in, it was an old room, kinda worn. Air was not working right, hot air was blowing, was sweating throughout the night, called the next morning and cold air was blowing by mid day. pillows were comfortable, one bed sloped a bit, but was still so comfortable, imagine that! Iron did not work, there were no more b/c the hotel was booked. Poor guy was working like crazy calling around to find an empty room to get us another iron, we witnessed him doing so when we left a few minutes later, he was using the hallway phone to call around. Had to use the blow dryer to smooth out wrinkles on all of our shirts, however the next morning, there was a brand new iron waiting for us. they accommodated us with a late check out, the bellhops, doormen were super friendly, all in great spirits. The concierge was always ready to help. at one point, she left her station and the front desk clerks looked up all that we needed. i didn't like that the subway station was approx 5 blocks away, but it wasn't bad. i've just never stayed that far from a subway before, but it was still okay considering the neighborhood and hotel. the lobby, lounge was great, the bartenders at Rare were friendly. I would recommend this hotel as is and i would highly recommend it when the renovations are done. i can only imagine how much nicer the rooms will be. It was a great value in a good neighborhood with a super friendly staff. i've stayed in many hotels in New York before, and this one is high on my list to return to.	
May 7 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	After scouring the internet for even a 3-star hotel that cost less than $300 a night, we stumbled upon the Shelbourne for a cost less than many 2-star hotels in worse neighborhoods. We had a room with 2 queen beds and the mini-kitchen. It was very large for NYC and the 4 of us in the room didn't feel cramped at all. We were on the third floor so we had no view and experienced a lot of street noise, but that's unavoidable in a room that close to a Manhattan street. The biggest complaint we had was the heating system. There was no thermostat -- you turned the unit on and it would stay on all night. There was also no choice between heat and air -- the sign says &quot;heat in the winter, air in the summer&quot;. Since we were staying in the spring we weren't sure what we were going to get. It turned out to be heat and was fine until we woke up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat since the unit doesn't turn off. However, the windows do open to let in some cooler air. The rooftop bar has amazing views. We had bad weather while there so the bar was never actually open, but hotel guests can go up at any time to enjoy the view. The staff was polite but not overly friendly. I really liked the neighborhood around the hotel. It's fairly residential but there are restaurants and bars around, especially on Third Ave. It's also very close to Grand Central where you can catch many subway lines.	
Apr 20 2008 	Disappointed that we didn't get to stay	We booked this hotel in January, direct with the hotel requesting a superior double double room for four nights for four girls, i.e. 2 x large double beds and living area. We arrived at the hotel to be advised that our room wouldn't be ready until 4.30, we were supposed to check in at 3.00pm. At around 3.30 we were taken to our room which turned out to contain a double bed with a sofa bed - completely unsuitable for our party. The employee on reception was completely unhelpful and I would go so far to say completely arrogant, tutting and shaking his head when we asked what they could do for us. We queried as to why we hadn't got our originally booked room and they told us that the hotel is currently under rennovation and that particular room was unyet unavailable - I don't see how they should be allowed to sell rooms that they are unsure as to whether they are going to be available.Anyway, the manager that day, I believe his name was Michael was extremely helpful and we luckily got to deal with him rather than the very rude other employee. He arranged for a room for us at their sister hotel the Affinia 50 and also gave us the taxi fare for the transfer to the Affinia 50 - excellent customer service skills - maybe he should teach these to his employees. Although we were disgusted by the one employee's attitude and if we had of stayed here we would not have wanted to encounter him again, I must say that the manager's assistance more than made up for his lack of customer service skills and we are disappointed that we didn't get to stay here and sample what the hotel has to offer - maybe next time.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great hotel!!!	Scoured the internet looking for a good hotel in a safe area for a good price - very difficult to find! We found it at the Affinia Shelburne, though. The minute we got to the hotel the doorman Tarrick was so friendly and took us to the front desk , insisting that we get the best room in the house. Had a 1 bedroom with living room and rollaway bed - great space for 3 people. The room was very quiet and we were able to get a good nite's sleep, whcih is rare in NYC. This is not a luxurious hotel, but very comfortable and the staff is extremely accomodating. We are booking it again for 2009! We had a great lunch at the hotel restaurant - Rare - excellent burgers and fries.	
Apr 15 2008 	Hidden gem	The Shelburne is located in a quite and secure area of East Midtown. Many attractions (5th Av; Rockefeller Center, Empire State, United Nations, Central Station, Museum of Modern Art, Chrysler Building) are in walking distance. Subway is 3 blocks way (34th street). On a 2-3 block radius you’ll find many ethnic restaurant which the hotel will point out and list for you.Upon arrival the staff (thank you Patricia from Brazil) made me feel very welcome. Check in was quick, luggage promptly handled and brought to the room. 10 minutes into the room I get a call from the reception asking if everything was to my liking. Rooms are large for NY and clean, but not soundproof (that was really the only remark I would make if I would have trouble getting to sleep). Housekeeping was efficient and respectful. During my 5 day stay I once forgot to turn the DND sign and had a polity voicemail message upon arrival on mid-afternoon, asking when I would like to room to be cleaned. The mini-kitchen (microwave, fridge…) is very useful if you don’t want to spend 12USD on the breakfast (around the corner supermarkets and bagel shops are other alternatives). Room has iron, board and safe. TV is crappy, but who travels to NY to watch TV?Cab to East Village (where the live music action happens) is 10 USD. The bar/restaurant (“Rare”) is a lively place with young and hip groups and couples. On the last day I left the luggage with the concierge (late flight out of town) and was nevertheless welcomed at the Baseball party that was going on (free Soda and Hotdogs during the Mets game with everyone wearing Mets jerseys). Dennis the doorman arrange for a limo to Newark airport (75 USD, the same as a cab, but bigger, cleaner and faster). I will definitely stay at the Shelburne again. Recommendable for everyone (families, single travelers, couples, NY first-timers, habitués,…	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect for New York	My partner and I travelled to New York for our first time and stayed at Shelburne Murray Hill for 5 nights.When we arrived from the airport to Grand Central Station we were slightly embarrassed to get a taxi to Shelburne as it was literally around the corner so we could have easily walked this distance with our luggage, but we didn't know this at the time.From the outside the Shelburne is a nicely presented hotel which has about 16 or 18 floors. Once we arrived in the hotel the staff were all very polite and helpful and we were checked in straight away. The porter was on hand to offer us assistance with our luggage.Our room was on the 8th floor and the view from our studio was okay, it did make you feel like you were in New York by the high-rised buildings. I would warn you though about the curtains as they are very thin therefore you tend to wake up when the sun rises early which I guess can be a positive when you want to be up early and make full use of the day, however can be slightly annoying when you have a hangover!The room was quite small but perfect for what we needed. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. I have read other reviews about the Shelburne saying that it is looking very tired, but I do not agree with these comments. I believe the hotel to be well maintained.The bathroom is small but has a great shower. At times we did find the bathroom quite drafty but this didn't cause us any real bother.The bedrooms are cleaned daily by the lovely maids at the hotel.We found the concierge at the hotel very helpful with booking our helicopter flight and advice on getting the subway.The hotel has a restaurant besides it called Rare Bar and Grill. Rare is small but always busy and I would recommend you go there for a meal. It specialises in gourmet burgers which are the best ever. We had a waiter called Jay, who was really helpful on advising us where to go out for drinks in the City.The hotel is in a great location and was very close to the Empire State, Grand Central Station and the Crysler building. I like walking and would recommend that you walk to some of the sites to get a feel of the City and get your bearings, but for some things like Central Park or the the south of the Island it is worth investing in the Subway or a taxi (both an experience themselves). I didn't want to add photos of the hotel as I feel that the traveller photos (the good ones) do the hotel justice. Overall, the hotel was perfect for what we needed. We were out in the day and literally only used the hotel for sleeping.Our recommendations for New York:1. Knicks match at Madison Square Garden2. Sopranos tour in New Jersey3. Helicopter flight around NYC	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved the Shelburne Murray	My wife, myself and our two sons stayed in this hotel over spring break. The hotel has a great location and very large rooms (suite). This hotel excels in value, room size, cleanliness and hospitality. The staff was very friendly and helpful. This was our first trip to New York City and everyone was glad to help us with the usual -- where to eat, directions, etc. When we return to NYC, we will stay here again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of March this year and really enjoyed it. Before booking the trip I had spent hours scouring the internet trying to find a decent hotel in New York and judging by some of the reviews this wasn't always easy. There were numerous comments about small, cramped old-fashioned rooms so I was delighted, to say the least, when we entered our huge one-bedroom suite at the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel. There was a huge sitting room, well equipped kitchen, huge bedroom and small but perfectly decent bathroom.All the staff were very friendly and helpful and we had a fantastic stay. The concierge regularly helped us out with restaurant reservations, train and bus times etc.If I had to list any negatives (and I must add that these were very small things that did not impact on the enjoyment of our trip) they would be that the hotel corridors, plus our kitchen and bathroom were starting to look a little dated and tired and I reckon they would benefit from a little modernising. Other than that though we had a great time and I thoroughly recommend that you visit the hotel restaurant, Rare. We had totally fantastic burgers and the atmosphere was great. I thoroughly recommend this great hotel that's in a quiet neighbourhood but still very central!Laura.S. Bath, UK	
Mar 17 2008 	Loved the hotel and staff	My girlfriend from Chicago and I stayed two nights in one of their suites before leaving on a Fall foliage cruise. Although some of the furnishings were a little worn and the bathroom was very small, it was immaculate. The beds and bedding were fabuous (5star calibre). We loved the restaurant (great burger place) and bar downstairs and everyone was so friendly. They knew me by name and were very attentive. Let me know they are going to do a reburbishment of the rooms so in the future it will likely be much more luxe. They have a rooftop bar only open in the summer months ...I bet that is great. I would definitely recommend if you need a little more room (e.g., separate living quarter, kitchette and bedroom). It would be great for someone with kids and the price was generally only a little more than some of what seemed to be postage stamp sized rooms. I tend to stay at high end hotels (e.g, RitzCarlton, Hyatt Park, Four Seasons, etc.) and was not unhappy so that says a lot.... Location is a big plus...walked to all the sites!	
Mar 17 2008	pets	one major problem that ruined the whole stay while in the hotel, certain guests with dogs that barked from about 6.30am onwards , also the barking went on in the very early hours of the morning. reception was told on numerous occasions but did nothing about it, we were told that security would be sent up but nothing ever happened, other guests must have been affected as towels were laid at the door to try and mufflel the constant noise. we asked to be moved but told no rooms were available, noise only stopped when said inconsiderate guests checked out, not good enough..................	
Mar 16 2008 	Strongly recommend	The first time we stayed in this hotel, we had ended up there by mistake due to a mix-up in another hotel (nothing to do with this hotel and the chain!!). We have now stayed in this hotel on 3 separate occasions thanks to the execellent first experience and each time have had a great stay. The location is great; slightly away from the bustle of Times Square, whilst staying in a supberb mid-town position. Having thoroughly researched ALL the hotels in the same area to see whether we could come up with a better price/quality ratio, I can honestly say that, despite our best efforts, we could not. On price/quality we cannot fault it; the staff are always helpful and polite, the rooms are very clean and extremely comfortable. I recommend this hotel to anyone who asks me where I stayed in NY. We absolutely love this city and staying at the Shelburne Murray is part of our stay. I almost hesitate to recommend for fear of not getting in next time I go to NY!	
Mar 10 2008	Highly recommended	Lovely hotel, excellent location. Stayed in a suite with 3 family members-very spacious and had all we could need. Food in the Rare bar/restaurant also very good and room service menu is very broad and reasonably priced. Highly recommended.	
Mar 7 2008 	Love the Shelburne	The Shelburne is an excellent hotel. Great self contained facilities. Close to Grand Central Station.	
Mar 4 2008	Never Again	For the past 5 years I have been staying at the Shelburne for business travel at least 4 times per year and have seen it go from &quot;okay&quot; to &quot;intolerable&quot;. I have seen the housekeeping go from &quot;so so&quot; to really bad. Mold on the walls, soiled furniture and carpeting, lack of attention to the most basic cleaning chores. Even the most rigorous renovation (which is being promised by the hotel manager) will not make staff competent . As for the Front Desk staff, after staying there more than 20 times in the past few years, I NEVER had anyone acknowledge that I was a regular guest at the hotel. As a matter of fact, one time I had food poisoning on my checkout day, really deadly sick and asked for a late check out by ONE HOUR. They told me that it was impossible! That was my last time there. My normal stay at the hotel was about a week each time so I got to see how the hotel functioned over a period of days. I can honestly say that Saturday nights was usually a &quot;zoo&quot; with alot of college age kids bringing in pizza and beers to party in the rooms. The noise, if you were unlucky, could be unbearable until the early morning hours. And if you were really unlucky, you might be on a high floor with the &quot;Roof Garden&quot; bar and music in full swing. To avoid the &quot;zoo&quot; I would try to arrive on Sunday to miss &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot; .I am writing this review so many months after my last stay to report that despite that the hotel was convenient for my business, close to family and friends in New York, I have been staying at another hotel this year and am really pleased with the service, cleanliness and accomodations in general. Dont settle for the Shelburne, it is NOT worth the money and an unpleasant experience in all. If you notice, most of the &quot;rave reviews&quot; come from foreign tourists. I dont know what they expect at home, but the Shelburne Hotel at the moment is unacceptable at any price.	
Mar 3 2008 	Fab place	Fantastic location, nice rooms, handy to have kitchenette. Doorman Denis mind of information. Pleasant staffs, easy check in. Most things in walking distance. Will definitely be back.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good value 	Stayed for 5 nights recently at the Shelburne Murray Hill. It's located in not the most exciting neighborhood but it's safe and convenient; centrally located, and is just a few blocks from Grand Central so it's a quick subway ride to anywhere in the city. As far as the actual room, it is much larger than many NYC hotel rooms, a big window, high ceilings and not at all cramped; decent updated furnishings; a nice big comfy bed; free wifi in-room; everything was perfectly clean. Since we were there for more than a couple nights it was really nice to have the kitchenette in the room, also, while there was no view to speak of, we really didn't care because that meant we were off the street, and it was SO quiet!! The staff was outstanding; friendly and helpful. We stayed there with our dog and he was more than welcome in the hotel, with no extra charge or cleaning fee at all. I would certainly stay there or at any of the Affinia properties again; very highly recommended!	
Feb 21 2008 	Great location 	Never having been to NY before and travelling with 4.5yr old twin boys we spent 4 nights in NY and chose the Shelbourne Murray Hill after reading other trip advisor reviews and much research of location - we were not disappointed! The suite was a fantastic size and looking out onto the Empire State Building too - large lounge with dining table and chairs was just so convenient with kids. The location on Lexington avenue is great - handy for central station (10 minutes) where all underground trains run through; possible to walk to 5th avenue, madison etc and Macys for shopping!Highly recommend the food from the Hotel Restaurant - we were going to eat in but it has a 'bar' feel with lots of people standing around drinking so the manager organised for our food to be taken to the room - they have a lovely lounge area near reception and this was great for a break too. Room service was convenient at night.Bedroom huge, very comfortable beds and kitchen / bathroom OK - they could do with renovation for sure but adequate. We enjoyed putting our children to bed and then relaxing in our 'lounge' with a glass of wine over dinner. Other plus is there are laundry facilities in the basement so again, ideal if you have children with you.Empire State is 10 minutes walk and at night there are no queues and fab views - the boys loved it. There are some great places to eat nearby and we enjoyed the Cuban cafe for a brilliant soup and sandwich - excellent with kids too.Our overall impression is of a very well run hotel, friendly reception staff and excellent doorman - he was cool with our boys; for the price that we paid it was great value - we used the book in advance, pay in advance, no cancellation offer - half the price so well worth it. We would definately recommend this hotel to anybody for location, service and value and ideal if taking children on a city break.	
Feb 19 2008	Shelburne Marray Hill is great	We loved it so much we didn't want to leave. The bed was very comfortable. I was a little worried about the hot water because the bathroom and kitchen sink were running warm at best, but the shower did have plenty of hot water. The room was full of mirrors and lamps. Our room must have been double sound-proofed because we never heard a thing from the street or other guest! Having a full kitchen in our room was wonderful. There were plenty of dishes but no pots or pans. We weren't planning to cook anyway so that didn't matter. We only needed the coffee maker and the fridge. There are little stores all around the area where you can pick up beer, pop, milk and food. The room even had a toaster and microwave. Most hotels in the city don't even have a coffee maker!The decor was dated, the carpet need to be cleaned, there was a lot of dust on the curtains, but the rest of the room was very clean.We are smokers and it's getting harder and harder to find a hotel in NY where you can smoke in your room. The Shelburne Murray Hill had one whole floor (8th) that is all smoking rooms. I thank them for this. If all hotels go smoke'free', I will stop traveling!We were on a strict budget and would have faired much better had we not decided to go to the hotel bar/grill for late night burgers. Two burgers and two soft drinks set us back $37.50. We made up for it by buying food at the deli down the street for the rest of our trip.This hotel will always be my first choice when visiting NYC.	
Feb 18 2008	Great location	We stayed at the Shelburne for 4 nights at the end of November. My partner had booked this trip as a surprise for my 40th birthday and had contacted the hotel prior to our arrival to arrange a room with views etc..although this was promised it never materialised, quite disapointing but nevertheless we were not going ot let it spoil our trip. The suite we had was very nice, large and comfortable (the beds are wonderful!) and very clean. The kitchen is a great asset, ideal for making late night snacks and tea/coffee in the mornings. The only members of staff we really spoke to were the doormen we found them polite and friendly also they are great for information and arranging taxi's etc. The location is great just a 10min stroll to Grand Central Station. We're returning to New York this year and will probably stay at the Shelburne again.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great location and fantastic hotel!	I stayed at Shelburne Murray Hill for a week, and rented a single bedroom suite with a pentry and bathroom. It is an excellent hotel, with service minded staff and great rooms.I stayed alone in the one bedroom suite, but it's definitely suitable for two - the bedroom is small but very cozy (and the bed is really comfortable!) and the livingroom is roomy and comfortable. The pentry has everything you need if you don't feel like eating out - including a microwave oven and a coffee pot. There is also an iron board and reasonable internet access, and the view was quite OK, since I stayed on a higher floor. Cleaning and all other services were excellent too!The staff was very nice, and even allowed me to keep my room for two hours past check out time on the day of my leave - I had a late plane, so that was very welcome! It's not a low budget hotel, but it's definitely worth the price!	
Feb 6 2008	Great Hotel	Great hotel. 10 minutes walk from Times Square and other main attractions.Very, very nice hotel and very clean. Bed was excellent which you need after a day of walking around New York. Staff very friendly and helpful.Not much of a view from our room but you can go up on the roof terrace (which will be fantastic in summer) for a great view of the Empire State and the Crysler Building.We didn't eat in the hotel but the restaurant was always busy so must of been good.If you are looking for bargains try Century 21 you do have to look at bit but they are definately there. For manicure and pedicure try the place across the road from hotel pay a little bit more but absolutely excellent. Have toes and fingers done and get a massage at the same time and the people in there are great	
Jan 24 2008 	You Guys Are Terrific	Visited New York City Dec. 20-23, 2007 with my daughter 15, my sister and her daughter 22. Stayed in a one bedroom suite (king size bed was very comfortable), pull out couch in living room was fine. Loved the high ceilings, cosy kitchen, big windows, - lots of space for four people to move around (although we didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel - too much to see and do) Front desk staff were awesome - I had a parcel delivered to the hotel (Christmas present) that didn't arrive until after we left - once home (Canada) I contacted them and they brought the package to the post office and mailed it to me. Thanks guys!!!!!! Would recommend hotel - we'll be back.	
Jan 21 2008 	I love this place	My husband and I just return from a stay in NYC. We had a room at the Shelburne Murray Hill and stayed two nights. Our room and the service was outstanding. We travel to NYC at least twice a year to see our son perform. So in the past two years we have stayed at a variety of hotels but the Shelburne Murray Hill will now be the only place we stay when we go to NYC. In addition to our spacious room, the shower was fantanstic. Usually there is only a small shower head, but in our room the shower head was huge, along with plenty of hot water. In addition to this rave review about the hotel I have to mention the restaurant, Rare. The food and service was excellent. All in all this was my favorite trip to New York City and I look forward to returning.	
Jan 15 2008 	Beyond Expectations	Very fine accommodation and value for the price.People were helpful, courteous and professional. Denis the doorman is a &quot;gem&quot;. We had reviewed the comments on the hotel and understand some of the disappointment expressed by few guests. However, without spending too many stays in NYC, we must believe that the value for your money is very hard to beat in this case. Now it even gets its renovations done! We hope that the pricing will stay in sync with it all. We were able to check in early and recieved choice on the room/appartment. We ended up in the 'penthouse', roof terracce and view on Empire State Building (Suite 16E). Yes, the carpet is old, furniture very traditional, etc, etc, but a full kitchen?, 700 Sq Ft space? As said, overall an excellent experience. Thank you Shelburne and Affinia Hotels.The Meijaards, Miami	
Jan 14 2008 	Good neighborhood and generally a very pleasant stay	Just returned from a weekend stay here (Jan 11th -13th, 2008). Was only at the hotel for two nights, but really nothing to complain about in the hotel. Service was very good. Room was a bit dated and the bathroom was somewhat small, but room was very clean and bed was very comfortable. I've stayed in many hotels throughout NYC and I would definitely stay here again.Pros: Neighborhood (quiet, easy to walk to many NYC places), accomodating staff. Very clean and comfortable bed. Cons: minor nit, the on demand portion of my TV didn't work, wasn't in NYC to watch TV, but when I wanted to check my bill through the TV, I realized that portion didn't work. Took a bit to figure out what setting to put the heater on in the room to regulate it.	
Jan 9 2008 	Enjoyed our stay here.	Stayed here for 5 nights in October. We were initially worried by some of the reviews but once we got there, it was fine. We had a King Suite on the 15th floor which was a very good size. A separate kitchenette and closet and a bathroom which was a bit small but sufficient for our needs. The bed was comfortable and the linen was clean. We loved very minute of our stay at this hotel.We were walking distance from many of the major attractions and of course only a few blocks from Grand Central Station which meant you could go anywhere from this location.The staff were very nice and extremely helpful. The Bar and Restaurant were convenient and the food was good. We are hoping to get back to New York this year and will definitely be booking this hotel again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Good Hotel and great location.	We are from London and Norfolk in the UK and had decided to spend Christmas in NYC. This hotel is ideally located for all the main tourist attractions. Having a suite at the rear, on the 12th floor, we found it very peaceful. Although the decor was dated, it was a warm, comfortable and clean hotel. The housekeeping was very good. Front of house staff were courteous. We would certainly stay there again. If we were to offer one minor criticism, it would have helped if the hotel had provided a list of neighbourhood restaurants that were open on Christmas day.	
Jan 6 2008 	We had a great stay but....	We were seven adults in three rooms. Each room was differant but had the same type of interior. We were here for new years so we all paid a premium for the stay. All the rooms had a small kitchen which none of us really used, but was mainly used to keep the drinks cold!!! The location, service and bar was great. The only negative is that the rooms need to be upgraded very soon!!!!	
Jan 4 2008 	Needs Updating Looking Tired	I have just returned from 5 night stay over New Year, we had 1 bed suite it was clean and tidy but I think they are about ready for a facelift, furniture looking worn and tired. I agree that beds are very comfy but my husband thought they we to soft but I totally disagreed with him. The location is good and I agree the staff are very helpful the doorman booked us a limo back to JFK with very competitive prices ( $130 for limo plus tax and toll), it was there on time with pleasant driver. The bar has a good buzz and was fine for a quick drink or night cap. We could not get a non smoking room but the staff did suggest an ioniser but to be honest it did not smell at all smokey. I would stay again but would love to see it updated slightly, we averaged $300 a night I think for the time we staiyed that was a fair price.	
Jan 4 2008 	very impressed!	Stayed here between boxing day and new years day. Had to say i was very impressed after reading some bad reviews on tripadvisor.The room was huge with an LG flat screen tv and a perfect view of the chrysler building-FAB! The bed was incredibly comfortable and they had a pillow menu too which was lovely.The bar downstairs was great, very cosy &amp; staff were friendly.Had one of their award winning burgers which although wasnt terribly big, was very tasty!From the front of the hotel you can see the empire state and the chrysler!They serve complimentary coffee until 10.00 in the den.It is slightly out of the way of everything but if you are relatively fit you can walk to all the sites.We even walked all the way to the bottom of island to catch the ferry.The only slight problem with hotel was that the bathroom &amp; kitchen needed a desperate upgrade. The bath was very shallow, the shower wasnt particularly good &amp; the loo looked like it was always blocked.But both were very clean &amp; had everything you needed.And for 4days we could easily put up with it.Ate in a lovely restaraunt which i think was called the Hudson? on 3rd avenue 1 or 2 blocks down on the corner, it was decorated with tea lights everywwhere, so very romantic &amp; cosy &amp; the food was delicious and reasonably priced.Also Sarges on 3rd Avenue was fab.My partner had steak &amp; eggs for breakfast and it was lovely! Also Scottys Diner, 1 block up was good, friendly staff &amp; delicious hot chocolates!All in all a pretty fab hotel, if u want somewhere right in the centre of things then this is not for you but if you dont mind a short walk to places then its great.Thankyou Shelburne for a lovely stay!	
Jan 1 2008	Great location	1 Jan 08. Just returned after 4 days at the Shelburne. Had been a little concerned after reading past reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. The reception staff were friendly and gave us an upgrade to a two bedroom suite, fantastic. The suite was huge, with two double rooms, each with two double beds, two bathrooms and loads of living space.Yes, it does need refreshing, but compared to UK standards, it was positively palatial, and with a view of the Empire State Building thrown in. We were travelling with 2 teenagers and the facilities of internet access in the den, and 3 tvs in the room kept moaning down to a minimum when not out exploring.Don't eat in the hotel though. Scotty's diner across the street by E39th is great and cheap, Umi sushi on E31st is brilliant for a try of japanese cuisine. The waitresses are very friendly and helpful. Have the rolls if you aren't sure about raw fish. Go on a bus tour, use the subway, it's easy and cheap, do the museums in the evenings when it's quieter. The concierge is really helpful and the door men will get you a taxi in seconds. A great place to stay !	
Dec 19 2007 	Better than expected wonderful experience	We stayed at the Hotel Shelburne because I found a very competitive rate through Expedia and because of the location. I'm so glad we found this place!I called the hotel directly and they agreed to honor the rate I found on Expedia. I requested a non-smoking room with a view. They politely mentioned that they couldn't guarantee the view but when we checked in we were so happy to find a perfect view of the Chrysler Building right outside our window!The room was clean and very spacious for a NY hotel room. The furnishings in the bathroom were a little worn but functional and clean. You can adjust your own heat in the room so the temperature was fine. Didn't really use the kitchenette but all the appliances seemed clean. The bed was WONDERFUL - one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in! The rooftop bar was closed for the Winter but you can still go up and check out the beautiful view of the city! There is a comfortable lounge downstairs with computers available (you have to pay for Internet access). There's also a restaurant that seemed decent although we never got a chance to try it.Front desk , concierge, and doormen were exceptionally polite, friendly, and helpful. I really appreciated their advice and willingness to help with any questions or concerns. I'd definitely recommend the hotel to friends. It's not super fancy, but it is clean and very comfortable and nicer that most hotels you'd get in the city for the price we paid.	
Dec 18 2007 	Best deal in the city	I'm an exNew Yorker who returns to the city four or five times a year. Last year I tried the Shelburne for the first time and wasn't entirely impressed, but I liked the large room size, the kitchenetttes, and the location. So I gave it another shot this year and was blown away. I was a very difficult customer, having made multiple reservations and having a few mishaps in the room, but they were more than accomodating. The rooms were extremely clean and spacious, and the luxury bedding was great. The location is unbeatable for someone who doesn't want to deal with the hustle and generic tone of the touristy places while also being close enough to Grand Central to enjoy access to all the sites. If you're unfamiliar with NY, being in Murray Hill puts you directly between all the Downtown sites (Wall St, Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy, So St Seaport) and the Midtown/Uptown sites (Central Park, the stores on 5th, MoMa,Met, etc). Also, you can save yourself from getting ripped off at tourist eats around the other places, and eat at local eats like Scottys - an underpriced, 24 hr diner one block down with huge portion sizes and an endless menu. I'm not entirely crazy about the Rare burgers in the adjoining restaurant, but having a nice restaurant/bar on site definitely sets the Shelburne apart from other all suite hotels of its class. All that being said, I had two minor complaints. Firstly, the concierge for most of our stay was extremely helpful and amiable, but the concierge yesterday had no business being a concierge. He had no idea about rates for private car services to the airport, and when approached about the location of a store from a gentleman - he was extremely short and abbrasive. Secondly, I had twice informed the doorman to keep a watch out for our car service while we waited in the lobby. After fifteen minutes I called car service, and they had been waiting out front for nearly ten minutes. The driver said she had asked him multiple times - and he said he knew nothing about it. Then as we trudged out to our car, he neither openned the door for us nor made any attempt to assist us with our luggage. Needless to say, he did not get the 5 i had deliberately put in my pocket for his assistance.	
Dec 18 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill	having read bad reviews after booking this hotel I was a bit worried about staying here. However, myself and 3 of my friends stayed here for 5nights and it was fine. We initially were given a suite with only 1Bed&amp;a pullout bed, we had requested by phone on 3 occasions before arriving for a suite with 2 beds, when we mentioned this on arrival we couldnt get our request that evening but next morning we were moved to 11b to a beautiful big suite which had all we needed. Beds very comfortable, and housecleaning excellent (do tip them well) handy to have the bar to relax in after a days shopping - but the food is just ok here. Best of attention from all the staff and would recommend staying here, just what you would expect from this standard of hotel. Near to all shopping - however, word of warning! a chinese restaurant near by called 'Spades' stay well away - food and service very very bad!Overall a great visit to New York and would stay in the Shelburne Murray hill again. Paula - Dublin, Ireland	
Dec 11 2007	ripped off......	This hotel is in a perfect location....close to everything for walkers....Lobby is nice and the baggage attendants are very friendly upon arrival.Once in our room, ahhhhhhhD i r t y !!!!!The beds were comfortable and linen was clean but our room had a kitchenette which our feet stuck to the floor, the fridge had about a years worth of dust and grime on it and all of the vents and drapes were grey, dirty and dusty. I think the only thing that is cleaned here are the bathrooms and the beds......Very noisy street location even though we were on the 10th floor and could hear the room next to us party until 2:00 in the morning after 2 phone calls to the front desk security finally asked them to shut up!!!We paid on average $500/night for this hotel which was waaaaaytoooooo much!!!!!	
Dec 11 2007 	Great location great hotel	We had read the previous reviews of this hotel and were a little worried before we arrived. All worries were unfounded - we loved staying here.The location of the hotel is excellent - close to the Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. Also 3rd Avenue - a very short walk away has lots and lots of great small restaurants, all of which seemed to be full of local people.We were in room 15N - no views, but we didn't mind. The apartment was large, spacious and very comfortable. The living area had a huge television and comfy sofa, the bedroom was also really large and had the most comfortable bed I have slept in for a long time.Decor is not very modern, but everywhere is clean and comfortable and not shabby at all. The kitchen is dated, but had a huge fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher and everything you could need. Bathroom had a bath and shower.Rooms were cleaned daily, fresh towels etc. left each morning.We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant twice, the rest of the time we walked out to the food market at Grand Central and bought ham, bread, cheese etc. and ate it back at the room. They serve complimentary tea/coffee in the den every morning until 10am.Overall we loved our stay here, would thoroughly recommend it and would definitely book again when we return to New York.	
Dec 8 2007 	Goood hotel great location	Stayed here for 5 nights in Dec. Was in Room 10A, no view but didn't mind since you don't spend time in the room and it was quiet for sleeping. Great location in between Crysler and Empire State and close to Grand Central. Bathroom and kitchenette could do with upgrading but room was big, with high ceilings and a huge bed and temperature was warm. For the price, breakfast probably should be provided but difficult to find a hotel in NYC that does. Highly recommend Scottys diner across the street - cheap and cheerful. Got breakfast there for 4 times less than what we paid for the same breakfast near madison square gardens. Would recommend the hotel. For visiting NYC on a budget, recommend the NY public library &amp; the free staten island ferry. Beware that most restaurants put the tip now on the bill so no need to pay extra.	
Dec 6 2007	We'll be back The Irish Crowd from Cork	Having checked the reviews over a 3 month period I was a little apprehensive as I was responsible for the booking and my family like their comfort. We had a 2 bed/2bath suite for 4 of us. for 5 nights. I called 2 days before to confirm booking and requested a room overlooking the Empire State building, which we got. The suite was great, a little tired, but who checks curtains &amp; couches? The beds were clean and comfortable, I had the best sleeps for a long time. The bathrooms and kitchens were spotless and cleaned everyday. Bed linen &amp; towels were changed daily also.The reception people were professional &amp; helpful and all our requests were met with efficiency and politeness. They allowed us late check out and arranged transport to the airport on our final day. The doormen were helpful and always cheerful. The Rare bar was very lively both lunch time and evenings. The food was very good and the waiters very helpful.We had a wonderful time in New York and the Shelburne helped in no small way. Keep up the good work. and thanks	
Dec 2 2007	we all loved it!	We stayed at the Hotel the weekend of Thanksgiving and booked 2 one-bed suites and were given rooms on the 13th floor , the rooms were huge will all the facalities you good ask for (room 13m had a balcony with great views) , the staff were 1st class whatever you requested they delivered . We wanted good location , central and without spending too much money after all when you visit NYC other than sleep at the hotel what do you do ? . Yes some other guests moan about the furnishings of the rooms(bit old fashioned , but charming) , but they are maintained and cleaned daily . Book the Shelburne you will be in a safe clean environment and within walking distance of lots of great tourist sites . as a brit I stay in central london hotels a lot as a mark against those I would grade it 4*	
Nov 29 2007 	Took one for the team...	I arrived later in the evening on a Friday and they assigned me to the last hole-in-the-wall room (I think it was 3H): right above all the air conditioning fans for friendly noise all night in the ears of a tired traveler.Moreover, the custodians or previous guest had left the room windows open, so my room was at freezing temperatures all night, I was better off sleeping in the heated hallway! The heat didn't work after midnight (the AC unit only had a cold setting) and they did not have a heater to offer me, just an extra blanket. I called the reception at least three times about the issue, asking to at least be moved to a different room, but that didn't happen.A friend of mine staying at the same hotel that night, also complained about their room although they had a much larger room (3H is just a tad bigger than the bed in it) and with warm temperature. They offered my friend free breakfast, but to me, who I called repeatedly about not being able to sleep in polar temperatures they told me it's just too bad!... For the prices they're charging, they should give everyone free breakfast, not just diluted coffee in the morning. I was disappointed by my stay at Shelburne. On departure, when I wanted to order a shuttle to the airport, the concierge woman also told me &quot;too bad&quot; - she had to go home and couldn't help me.Now I'm just trying to see if I can get airline miles for my stay. Probably they will also tell me it's &quot;too bad&quot;	
Nov 25 2007 	Great for our family	We stayed at this hotel over Thanksgiving. I was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews here, but our experience was terrific. Comfortable beds, great shower, good location. We could see the Empire State Building from some of our windows. The 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite worked extremely well for the 5 of us. The Living Room/Dining Room was pleasant and comfortable. The kitchen cabinets were a little rusty, but to have any kitchen in Manhattan was great. 1 block from Daniel's Bagels, rated best in New York City. I can't say we had a lot of contact with the staff, but they seemed pleasant when we did.	
Nov 25 2007	We loved the Shelburne	Our family of five loved the Shelburne. The location is great and the staff was extremely helpful. Our two bedroom suite was perfect. We could get deli food and eat in when too tired to go out or if in a hurry in the morning. Housekeeping was excellent and beds very comfy. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great location	We've just stayed at the Shelburne for the 2nd time and will be back again for the 3rd time for another 5 nights later this mth. The location is ideal, close to the shopping districts, a few blocks from the metro, a great deli/supermarket a few mins away and the Frontier diner on 39th and 3rd is a gem. The burgers at Rare are in a class of their own - yes it gets noisy but that's because its so popular, keep an eye out for celebs! We always try to stay with the affinia hotels and think when we return next yr again we'll stay at the Shelburne. (The planned refurb will be an added bonus and hopefully a few more cooking utensils in the kitchenette would be a welcomed addition).	
Nov 16 2007	1408 without the ghosts.	me and my bird(who is posher than me) stayed here for 3 nights from 11th Nov. Room 15L was just like the movie 1408, old fashioned, huge, witha terrace overlooking Lexington Ave, brilliant view of Empire State Building and the manhattan skyline.My bird loved the cherubs on the curtains, and the comfy bed, as we walked everywhere and her feet were killing her!. Highlights were the restaurant downstairs, housekeeping, and friendly lobby staff. For the money we paid we were chuffed with the service and enjoyed our stay. You get what you pay for, and it was value for money. My bird says to tell you that if we were guaranteed that room we would stay there again.	
Nov 15 2007 	Boom! It's Awsome	We went to New York for my friend's 30th birthday. We booked this hotel through lastminute.com and paid upon reservation. After reading many of the reviews I was very worried about what to expect.Upon reading about the mouse situation I emailed the hotel directly to ensure that the problem had been dealt with and they replied fairly quickly to reassure me it was ok.Upon arriving at the hotel my first impression from the outside was &quot;what the hell have we done here?!&quot; But once inside my fears were diminished instantly.Check in took less than a minute and our room (7G) was very clean and everything we could have wished for. The maids came everyday with fresh towels, and she even washed up for us!The only noise was that of the air conditioning / heater system. We switched ours off but you can hear them from the other rooms.We never had breakfast, they charge about $12 for a buffet and $3 for a coffee. We found a great 24 hour deli about 2 blocks up Lexington from the hotel called Scotty's Diner. The staff here were very friendly and I highly recommend the corned beef hash with eggs! Yum!The bed was comfortable, shower great, staff fantastic, especially Joanne in Rare, and the location was just brilliant.If we do return to New York then this will definitely be one of our choices of hotel. It's not ultra modern, but for a clean, comfortable stay then I would go here.	
Nov 5 2007	Awesome!!!	I booked this reservation through Priceline, so I didn't really know what to expect. When I arrived at the hotel, I was immediately greeted by a smiling doorman, and then a smiling concierge, and then smiling front desk employees! These people seemed like they loved working there.!anyway, my room wasn't ready at 11AM, so they stored my luggage and I grabbed a bite to eat in the restaurant. Great food... a little pricey...I then hung out in their lounge with a huge flat screen TV. The manager Mike came over to me personally when my room was ready and handed me the keys. He even got my 84 year old father a bottle of water because he was extremely tired and felt overheated. The bellman Jean then showed me to my room. ,He was the BEST!!! Very friendly and talkative... very welcoming!The rooftop garden has a great view of the empire state building and chrysler building. It was about 75 degrees outside, so the temp was perfect for being up there.All in all, I didn't know what to expect but I was extremely happy with my decision to book through Priceline!!	
Nov 4 2007 	Great location great city	My boyfriend and I came to New York in July 2006. After a long flight from Glasgow then to Dublin, then Shannon and eventually New York we took the shuttle bus (pre-booked) to NYC from JFK airport. When we arrived we were delighted to find how close we were to the attractions of the city but far enough away to feel out of the noise and bustle of times square. Lex Ave was great, the hotel was between 37th and 38th st and was only a 10 min walk to times square, and 5 mins in either direction to the empire state bld, down the road from the waldorf!!!! We loved to have breakfast in the cafes and 24hr delis that surrounded us and I even went to find a nail bar to get pampered!! It was great. The streets in the main seemed safe, some areas were not so nice but gladly we never experienced any problems. The hotel was lovely, the bathroom was clean and functional. The room was nice and we paid extra to look over the Crysler building. We even nipped up to see the roof bar and terrace but it had been raining hard the day before and it was empty. Word of advice - there is just too much to see. Take your time and pace yourselves. You will love it!	
Nov 4 2007 	Hmm needs some work !	Ok, so the Shelburne isn't one of the best hotels in NYC but it was okay. We booked over the internet via Expedia and to be fair, you get what you're prepared to pay for.Spent five nights there over Oct / Nov 2007 ... location is fantastic, just a couple of blocks from Fifth Ave; Empire State etc.Hotel staff all great, no issues. We arrived a bit early and our room wasn't ready, no problem, we left our luggage with reception and went into the Rare bare for a beer and a bite to eat. Burgers excellent (they've won awards !).On getting into the room (15L) we were pleased with the size ... this is a very large room with a small kitchenette (which we didn't really use) and a small bathroom.The problems with the room are that this one (can't speak for any others) needs complete redecoration and refurbishment ... it looks like it is about 10/15 years out of date. Needs a new carpet, bed/headboard, and a new bathroom suite.To balance this off, it was spotlessly cleaned every day, with fresh towels daily too. The view of the Empire State from the balcony was a real treat !We didn't go to NYC to stay in the hotel, but next time we'll spend a bit more and book a better one.Some recommendations ...- you MUST do the Gray Line bus tour ... the red buses, they do a 48-hour all-tours ticket which is excellent value and takes you all over Manhattan- Scottys Diner ... just up Lexington (1 or 2 blocks on other side of road) ... fabulous breakfasts- Blooms Diner ... couple of blocks past Scottys on Lex, another great breakfast eat- Empire State ... must do !- Top of The Rock (Rockefeller Centre) ... must do !- Grand Central Station ... what a building. We ate in Michael Jordan's steakhouse upstairs in the main hall - not cheap, but fantastic- 2 / 3 blocks up Lex from hotel, &quot;Chill Lounge&quot; - nice bar- 30 mins walk up Lex you get to Bloomingdales ... fav shop in NYC	
Nov 3 2007 	Loved the Shelburne Murray Hill	Hi, we 3 irish ladies spent 7 nights in this hotel . Our 1 bedroomed suite was huge , so relaxing &amp; comfortable. The staff were really friendly &amp; efficent. The location was really central , within walking distance of all major streets &amp; tourist attractions. Food in The Rare Bar was excellent. We will definitley return again.	
Oct 30 2007	Clean Quiet and Quick!	Arrived at 9:30 a.m. to a very friendly reception staff who had a room ready for us. Had booked over the Internet and had requested a quiet room on a higher floor, and the staff accomodated both requests without having to be asked again. Booked a studio room with two beds. Room was at the end of the hallway, with 3 windows and a view of the top of the Chrysler building. Kitchenette was well stocked with amenities (although we never used it except for using the fridge). Very clean. Ultra-comfortable beds. Would highly recommend!	
Oct 27 2007 	Okay but has problems	Suites are very nice but overall hotel ambiance is lacking. The bar/restaurant is crowded and noisy, no chance of a quiet dinner, nor is there anywhere in the public area to sit for a quiet chat or to read. Room service menu largely burgers and the like, very limited. This place is great if you just want to go up to your room; not so if you like to experience a nice public space/atmosphere in a hotel in a great city. Also the bathrooms are old, there was rust all over shelves in the bathroom. And my blanket had many holes all over it! For 415 USD a night for a suite, this was surprising, as were the spider cracks all over the basin in the bathroom. Yes, they will be renovated soon but in the meantime, they should lower prices to reflect below standard digs for this price point.	
Oct 20 2007	Wonderful Stay!	From reception at check-in to the doorman at departure, everything was wonderful. Everything including housekeeping, bell hops, concierge...! The front desk personnel was great - allowing me to check-in early after a long flight. While at reception, I made a comment about wanting a vase in my room since I like to buy fresh flowers. No joke, housekeeping showed up less than 30 minutes later with one!My junior suite was on the 4th floor, very quiet, which was exactly what I needed. My room didn't face the street, yet the view was great overlooking other people's terraces and a huge weeping willow tree. I felt like I was in an apartment instead of a hotel.Only tiny problem was the heating/air conditioning. I get cold very easily, and didn't see any controls to select heat or a/c. When I phoned guest services, they said that only a/c is available in the summer while heat is available in the winter. A space heater and an extra blanket was immediately delivered to my room, which was only needed for one night since the heat was switched on the next day (apparently, the weather was warm the week prior but got chilly during my stay).Beautiful rooms. My friends who live in NYC were jealous. Very spacious, and I like having the seating area to entertain friends instead of having us grouped around a bed! Appreciated the kitchenette, especially when reheating leftovers from the hotel's bar/restaurant, Rare. Excellent service and food. Apparently, it's quite popular w/the locals so I didn't feel guilty about staying on property for dinner. Internet is available for a fee, but you can print your boarding pass for free in the computer off the lobby. Had a few glitches doing that, but the staff was great in helping me!Here are my suggestions:1) bring lots of dollars for tipping. The staff is that good!2) eat and drink at Rare at least once. Wish I could have been there when the rooftop bar was open (its off -season now). 3) MANY places are walking distance (I went to the NYPL at 5th &amp; 42nd every day), so only take a taxi at night if possible.4) Try out a cool pillow from the pillow menu! I travel quite a bit, and this place stood out from many properties I've visited. So many people are quick to post all flaws, while many take great service for granted without posting a great recommendation for other travelers to see.	
Oct 18 2007 	Never Again	A total rip off! The super small old room was unclean (especially the bathroom which was in a very bad shape). The towels smelled horrible and the bed sheets had stains. We were in a double room and the bed barely fit us! The floors squeak and so does the ancient air conditioning system. The walls were very thin, we heard every tiny little beep next door. In total need of a major renovation. Good thing the people were very helpful and nice and the burgers downstairs were heavenly.	
Oct 17 2007 	Pleasant Experience	Stayed 5 nights in room 15A, which is on the second to last floor. The room was clean and had a nice view of the Chrysler building..The King size bed was very comfortable and clean as well. We were next to the elevator bank so there was a little noise in the bathroom but nothing to complain about. It’s an older hotel so don’t expect modern décor. The restaurant on the ground floor had really good food. All the staff was very accommodating and pleasant. The location was great. It was quiet, had a nice neighborhood feel to it. Recommended places to go for breakfast or lunch is the Gemini Diner on 35th st and 2nd ave. And Joshua Tree on 35th st and 3rd for late drinks (younger crowd, friendly place.)	
Oct 14 2007 	I loved this place!	I just returned from a three-night stay at this former apartment building that is now a suite hotel. The &quot;deluxe studio suite&quot; (which is what I received for my Priceline bid) is a converted studio apartment -- not huge for an apartment, but spacious by NYC hotel standards. Unlike many NYC hotels, I could happily and comfortably spend a few hours in the room. The hotel combines some upscale hotel features (like a concierge desk; the Affinia chain's pillow menu (check out the buckwheat pillow for a wonderful night's sleep!); quality bedding; a nice work desk; and a well-equipped exercise room) with cost-saving conveniences of an apartment building (a kitchen with cutlery and crockery, refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave, etc. to help save money on breakfasts; a coin-operated laundry room in the basement, etc.) The large multilingual staff was very accommodating and friendly. I would love to stay here again and would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a convenient, comfortable hotel with old-world NY ambience and a friendly accommodating staff.	
Oct 11 2007 	It was great and we have booked there again	We have just returned from a five night stay at this hotel which we found to be very enjoyable. The room was comfortable and clean. The roof garden/bar had great views of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings and the food in the restaurant downstairs was very good. Apart from one or two exceptions the staff were generally very friendly and helpful, and we have booked to stay there again at Xmas. We would certainly recommend this hotel to other travellers.	
Oct 10 2007 	Old elegance	I booked this hotel through Priceline, and after reading reviews I was very afraid.Mostly I did not want to deal with mice.When I arrived, I requested an upper floor, thinking maybe the mice had not made it to the top floors.I was upgraded to a very large suite with a wonderful view of the Empire State Building.The suite was beautiful- Large living area, kitchenette, seperate beautiful bedroom.It was immaculately clean,mouse free, beautifully decorated.Yes, it is old but I loved it!I have stayed many places in New York, but this was definitly my favorite.I will stay there again.The roof-top bar was very busy and fun.There is a wonderful restaurant downstairs that had live music for Sunday brunch.I could not have had a better experience!	
Oct 2 2007 	Better than expected	I was expecting worst due to the reviews here but was happy with the hotel. Was very clean no mice or bugs. Staff very helpful. New faucets in kitchen and bath but could use some updating. Comfortable beds and pleanty of pillows. We were on the 4th floor and still heard the partying coming from the roof but wasn't that bad.Went to RARE for breakfast buffet. Don't bother not worth $12. Food undercooked and not many choices. We went to Sarges Deli on 3rd Ave and 37th st. for a few meals delish!! Great sandwichs and breakfast is very good! Be hungry large portions.	
Sep 13 2007 	Vermin infested dump	We read all the reviews on your site for this hotel and unfortunately believed the good ones! My husband and I stayed for 5 nights but if I'd known we were sharing with mice I'd have been out of there like a shot. We thought we heard scratching at night but assumed it couldn't be mice. On our last morning we woke to a dead mouse stuck to a trap at the door of our bedroom, he was in the middle of it so obviously another mouse was partially caught and dragged it from under the bed and managed to free himself. My husband has seen the dead mouse in the trap under the bed the evening before but knew I wouldn't sleep there if I knew so he said nothing. The Duty Manager didn't really seem overly concerned so I assume this is a regular occurrence.They obviously knew they had a problem with vermin as these traps were hidden under several pieces of furniture. He blamed the roadworks locally. As there always seem to be roadworks in New York will they always have mice at Shelburne Murray Hill??I would sleep on a park bench before I'd stay there again!	
Sep 11 2007 	Wicked Burgers!!!!	When we booked The Shelburne we were slightly worried that it would be too far from anything. How wrong we were!!! We were only 3 blocks from The Empire State Building, a couple more blocks to Grand Central Terminal and then onto heaven - shops, shops and more shops yippeeeee!!!!!!! When we arrived we were seen to very efficiently. Our room was on the 4th floor. It was very spacious with a small kitchenette. The coffee maker went down a treat! It was spotlessly clean, the linen smelt wonderfully fresh and the pillows were to die for. We didn't have any kind of view but who cares we were only there to sleep. The rooftop cocktail garden was lovely - sat amongst the lights of the New York skyline on a balmy night.We also noticed how safe we felt in the Murray Hill area and will definately be going back to stay at The Shelburne Murray Hill with our 2 boys - they'll love it!!!	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Hotel / Great Staff / Good Location!	This was our first visit to New York City. The hotel was purchased through Priceline, but I was very impressed with both the staff and the hotel. I found the hotel clean, quiet, trendy and cozy. Plus the location was very convenient to everything that I needed in the city during my stay. The staff was very friendly and they always had a concierge service available. The lobby was very nicely decorated and a comfortable lounge was available with a large flat screen panel.THE ROOM:The room was a decent sized room (for New York) with a queen bed, desk, dresser and a closet. The room had a refrigerator, gas stove, oven, microwave and kitchen sink. The room was very clean and cozy. We stayed on the 14th floor and had a direct view of the Chrysler building from the window. The bed was very comfortable and I need to comment on how quiet the hotel was. During the night, our room was completely silent except for noisy vacationers walking down the hallway in the middle of the night. No noisy honking or street traffic could be heard from the window. I did attach a photo of the room, but I didn’t get any photos of the rest of the hotel.INTERNET:Wireless Internet Service was available for $9.95 per day. It worked fine and was fast enough for general surfing, but not fast enough to listen to live music or watch extended YouTube videos. The hotel also has a lounge in the Lobby that has a public computer with a printer so you can print your airline boarding passes (at no charge). This is a nice touch as I have found myself at other hotels paying excessive internet and printing charges just to print my boarding pass the night before my flight.RESTAURANT:We ate at the hotel’s restaurant twice. The first time we ate there was immediately after arriving at the hotel. It was at 2pm in the afternoon, so the restaurant was quiet, romantic and the food was excellent for a reasonable price. The second time we ate at the restaurant was on our last night. It was on a Saturday night and the restaurant was very busy and noisy. We sat down at a table that was very close to the other tables. Normally we would be able to hear conversations on either side, but it was too noisy for us to hear each other and carry on a conversation. The food was simple gourmet style, but well prepared. A menu is available online. I’m not commenting negatively on the restaurant as many New York restaurants can be so noisy that you can’t have a conversation.SUBWAY ROUTES:Grand Central Station is the closest subway station to this hotel. The best way to get to Grand Central from the hotel is to walk uptown on Lexington Avenue and turn Left on 42nd Street. You will walk past the Hyatt hotel. Immediately after passing the Hyatt hotel, turn into Grand Central Station. Take the escalator down to the Subway station. One week unlimited Subway cards cost $24, but are well worth it if you plan to get around the city. The #7 or the “S” will quickly get you to Times Square. The 4,5 &amp; 6 subways are also available at Grand Central. LOCATION:This hotel is definitely away from the busy areas of Times Square. If you’re looking for a hotel directly in the busy area of town, then I would find one in Times Square. If you’re looking for a hotel with nice sized rooms in a more quiet part of town, then this would be for you.NEARBY STORES, FOOD, BARS:The Chill Lounge is a bar that is only a block away. It was very crowded on Friday night, but not on Saturday night. There are many restaurants on the streets around this hotel. About four blocks North on Lexington Avenue, you will find two gourmet deli/convenience stores. The one that impressed me the most was called the “Old Bridge Gourmet Deli” which I believe was on the corner of 41st street and Lexington Avenue. They have an amazing selection of coffee, pizza, gourmet sandwiches, bagels and an enormous gourmet salad/food bar containing many gourmet pasta salads, meats, fruit, etc.. They also have a sushi bar, pizza bar and a made to order deli. After the first morning at this store, I was hooked. Every time we walked back from Grand Central Station, we would stop in for a quick snack.I hope this review is helpful. I got this hotel through priceline, so I didn't have a choice. I would stay here again, but only at the Priceline rate.	
Aug 31 2007	Stay Away!!!	Stay away from this overpriced mice infested hotel! My employer booked me in at this hotel (1BR suite), and made me stay here for several weeks. After awhile we noticed mice running around in the kitchen. The staff treated us terribly, lying about exterminators being here, and taking care of the problem, and trying to get us to stay here longer... Worn rooms, dirty kitchens, bugs and rodents, and really bad service.	
Aug 26 2007 	Not that great	Stayed four nights here. It is being advertised as a 3-star hotel, but it needs to be downgraded to a 2-star. It's an old converted apartment that needs lots of upgrades. The floor boards creaked as we walked across the room, and we heard the upstairs occupants as they moved around in their room. There was no view unless you enjoy looking at other people's windows. The bathroom was small with no exhaust fan for ventilation. The hot water knob in the bathtub became increasingly hot to touch after showering. We had to wrap a towel around it before we're able to turn it off. The closet was so hard to open and close. I wished I had some WD40 to oil the tracks. The only nice thing was the tiny kitchenette with a microwave and undercounter fridge which came in handy to store and heat up snacks. You'd be better off staying at the Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn for about the same price.	
Aug 22 2007 	Loved it!!	Tarek Youssef was excellent! He made our stay more enjoyable by giving pointers and helping to secure reasonable transportation. Francisco the front desk clerk was extremely accommodating. The neighborhood is quiet with plenty of shopping and corner stores, minutes away from the west side of New York. This is an older hotel which needs the bathrooms renovated but they are comfortable. All staff members were accommodating and the people of New York were friendly totally killing our view of New Yorkers being &quot;mean&quot;... We visited Ground Zero(WTC), Century 21(shopping), The Color Purple w/Fantasia(broadway), Ha! Comedy Club, Bubba Gumps seafood restaurant,etc.. We can't wait until next summer!!	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Stay	Great hotel and staff. We had a one room suite which was huge. It had a king size bed and a pull out sofa. And we even fit in a roll away bed. The view was perfect could see the Empire State building. Room was clean. Good location, we walked back from Time Square in the evening. Nice little store on the corner. We had a great time in NYC.	
Aug 20 2007 	Disappointing Stay	My daughter, her boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel, and were not at all impressed. We booked the one bedroom suite, and found a mouse running around. We contacted the front desk, and they gave us another room that looked just as worn and in need of renovation. I will never stay here again--I have never seen a rodent in any other New York hotel.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great location helpful staff	The hotel is a bit old, but the location was great (near plenty of shopping) and the service was excellent.I was able to get a low rate going right after New Year's so it was definitely a good value.I'd stay here again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Fantastic	I stayed here with my 15 year old daughter in December '05. The hotel is lovely, nicely decorated, very clean, brilliant location. Quiet at night. We couldn't fault it, the staff were very helpful and the doormen too. Can't wait to go there again!! Two satisfied customers.	
Aug 13 2007 	In need of an update	I agree with some of the other recent reviews that the rooms are in need of a refurbishment. We had a deluxe one bedroom apartment and it was a lovely big size but the furnishings (especially fittings in kitchenette and bathroom) were shabby. I was particularly disappointed as we had not got this room cheaply and thought splashing out a bit would guarantee a bit more luxury. The wooden chests did smell musty (perhaps scented drawer liners would help!) but, to be fair, the beds/bedding were spotless. Having just moved from the Travel Inn on 42nd St where we were confronted with used bedding with other people's hairs and stains on, this was more of a relief than it perhaps should have been. You can also choose your own type of pillow if you're into that sort of thing. On a positive note, we liked the quiet setting and friendly staff. Less positive - the bars are heaving with non-residents making it almost impossible to use them. Also, the doorman promised us he had booked an SUV to take us to the aiport. Come 6am that morning, no doorman, no SUV and no yellow cab willing to take four of us and four massive suitcases to JFK airport. In the end, after much frantic running round, finally found a cab driver who would let one of us sit on a suitcase! We just made check in.	
Aug 12 2007 	Central comfortable friendly	The Shelburne Murray Hill is on a relatively quiet street 5 blocks from Grand Central Station. Our room was nicely furnished and comfortable and had a kitchenette. It had lots of drawers and cabinets and a homey feeling. housekeeping was quick and thorough. The staff is friendly and responded immediately to our one request, for a second chair so we could both eat at the desk (there was no other table). I asked for a quiet location and it was that - the view was of other people's windows. Some of the other rooms have views of the Empire State Building. The restaurant has been voted as having the best hamburger in NYC and I have to say it really was an excellent burger, though an expensive one. There are many restaurants and groceries nearby. Note that starting September 2007 they plan to renovate.	
Aug 12 2007 	Very dissapointed	Terrible is possibly a little unfair, but as the next option available is okay, then I must select 'Terrible'. We stayed at the Shelburne during the last week of July and was very dissapointed with our experience. Our room was in desperate need of decoration and all of the furnature was in need of replacement (the sola being grimey and well worn) although our bed was very comfortable. The shower head was hanging off the wall and there was a three inch diamiter hole in the wall behind it. Before our trip we had read the reviews of the &quot;marvelous&quot; root top garden, but unfortunately during our four night stay was unable to check this out for ourselves as the roof top was too crowded with non-hotel guests. Overall a very dissapointing experience of this hotel and we would no doubt be able to find a more superior hotel in NYC at a similar cost without too much difficulty.	
Aug 6 2007 	Enjoyed our visit at The Shelburne.We spent one night at The Shelburne Murry Hil	We spent one night at The Shelburne Murry Hill. We found the front desk employees to be friendly &amp; helpful. Our room was very nice, quiet, comfortable bed, small kitchenette. Pretty view from the window. We have stayed at some potential horror story hotel rooms so this was a relief for us.The rooftop deck has a wonderful view &amp; we enjoyed ourselves up there for a little cocktail before heading off to dinner.I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 5 2007	Sad and disappointed	We had high hopes for the Shelburne given its many fine reviews and photos of the accomodations on the Affinia website. I don't know when those photos were taken ... maybe 15 to 20 years ago???! Yes, the units are spacious, but they are extremely worn and in dire need of refurbishment!!! We found the staff to be very solicitous, but wallpaper was beginning to peel from the walls ... the wood furniture which was no doubt beautiful at one time looked like it came from a flea market ... the sofa was soiled and torn... the lamps worked but were old and in poor condition ... the baseboards were in terrible condition as was the carpet, and yes, there was a musty &quot;old building&quot; kind of smell. I'm afraid the overall feel of the place for us was depressing. The Shelburne Murray Hill was no doubt a lovely, warm and wonderful hotel at one point, but not today. The beds are comfortable and clean and the staff was wonderful to us; however, those beds and the staff need to be in a refurbished environment for the place to receive anything more than 2 stars. In the meantime, you'll want to manage your expectations of the place or you're going to be disappointed. Sorry.	
Jul 31 2007	Not what we Expected	We were due to stay here for one night on a trip through New york. I have to say that I was underwhelmed from the start having to lug our own bags into the store room for the porter, as our room was not ready. Not what you expect.The room itself was very tired and in need of updating, however the worse point was the extremely musty smell to it. The hotel did offer to put an air freshner in, but could not move us as they were full. I have stayed at far nicer hotels in New York for the rates charged. The roof top bar though is a plus and definitely worth a visit in itself.	
Jul 25 2007 	Wonderful stay at shelburne	We enjoyed our stay at Shelburne, loved the rooftop bar views though we never had a drink there. The room - one-bedroom suite was very comfortable especially having a separate lounge area, TVs in both bedroom &amp; loungeroom &amp; a full size fridge in the kitchen. Requested a quiet room &amp; certainly got that. The location was very handy in Lexington Ave &amp; close to 37th St easy walk to Grand Central Station. Also good having a bar/restaurant downstairs, the food was good. They were also very accommodating when our adult son decided to stay with us at the very last minute they gave us a room with 2 queensize beds &amp; did not charge us any extra for him which was a surprise for New York. The rooms were a bit older furnished than the Affinia dumont (see my other review) but probably better suited for families as they had a much larger foyer &amp; lounge area with magazines/newspapers. Also a very good supermarket which donates to unemployed homeless people (not a small deli which are everywhere) was found on 3rd Ave just a block down 37th turn left (I think) sorry only found it in my last day cos we always tended to walk towards Grand Central or towards Times Square, Murray Hill area is safe &amp; clean.	
Jul 20 2007	Lots of Space	When you need a suite in NYC, this is a very good choice. The location is central but quieter than many other midtown spots. Although some of the furniture is dated and should be replaced soon, the staff is very nice and there is a great restaurant on the first floor. I would stay here again, for sure.	
Jul 16 2007	Great Family Destination	Our family of four stayed four nights at this great location. Even though it's on Lex, it's a quiet, residential neighborhood. Don't let the other reviewers fool you regarding the age of the hotel, it's well maintained and very comfortable. Since it's a converted apartment complex, we had a one bedroom suite, kitchen, bathroom and large living room. When our pull out sofa didn't work for the kids, they immediately brought two great roll-away beds. These were VERY comfortable. We were able to leave our bags when we arrived earlier than check-in time at the hotel. This hotel is very worth the cost (which is much lower than many 'standard' hotel rooms), and is an easy 7 minute walk to Grand Central Terminal, where you can catch any subway line. The view from our balcony of both the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building just added to the overall charm of the hotel. We'd DEFINATELY stay there again!	
Jul 13 2007 	Great location and as expected for price	Stayed at the Shelburne for a five day break to New York. Room was a good size and reception were very friendly, willing to find out information for you. There were coupons in the room for Macy's discounts which were a bonus. The deli a couple of blocks up provides very good food. The location was brilliant, just down the street from the Chrysler building and in easy walking distance of five avenue and macy's. Roof top bar is a nice feature but very expensive, we paid £20 for a glass of wine and a beer. It was a great view and worth the pictures but most people will only be able to afford one visit during her stay. We did have a room that faced a wall but this made the room quieter so i think it was worth the trade in for the view. I would go back and stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Jul 12 2007	Great deal great staff great place!	I just got back from a &quot;girls' weekend&quot; in the City, and I can definitely recommend the Shelburne Murray Hill. The three of us booked a one-bedroom suite. I was the first of us to arrive, at 12:30 on Friday, and the desk clerk noted that it was a girls' weekend. Before I could ask to simply dump my bag at the desk until the room was ready at 3 p.m. check-in, he apologized -- APOLOGIZED! -- for the room not being ready, and promptly upgraded up to a two-bedroom suite at no charge! I The suite had our jaws dropping -- two big bedrooms (each with two queen-size beds with phenomenally comfortable matresses and bedding), two full baths, a dining area, kitchen, and living room area with pull-out couch. I also should mention that the hotel was hoppin' that weekend, so I can't say the clerk did it simply because the place was empty.The staff remained wonderful all weekend -- especially bellman Eddie Rodriquez, who never failed to appear whenever we walked into the lobby and seemed particularly adept at handling three different parties' requests simultaneously.Oh, and the location -- mid-town -- was a safe neighborhood surrounded by plenty of restaurants.All in all, I can't guarantee you'll be upgraded for free as well, or that things will be perfect. But if your stay is half as good as our's, you'll have a great time there.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved it!!!	The Shelburne is located in a quiet neighborhood but still only a few blocks from grand central which was wonderful! The staff was friendly and helpful! The complimentary gym facility was such a plus for me- open 24 hours, with little extras such as towels and water. We stayed in a studio which was quite roomy compared to other hotels I've stayed in while in NYC. The room was quiet and clean (the pillow menu was the best) with a large closet and well equipped kitchen, the bathroom made up for it's lack of size in cleanliness and effcient storage space! It beyond exceeded my expectations - and at such an affordable price! The rooftop bar was the icing on the cake! Can't wait to come back!	
Jul 10 2007 	EXCELLENT HOTEL!	We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill from July 3rd-8th and had an EXCELLENT experience. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and VERY service orientated. There was a slight problem with a room service charge and within 10 minutes of me finding it and reporting it, it was rectified. The housekeeping was impeccable. The suite was very large for NYC and as noted it is slightly outdated, however they are planning a renovation. Even with the slightly outdated furnishings the accomdations were still comfortable and very nice. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the &quot;pillow menu&quot; that they offered helped immensely. The bar/restaurant onsite (Rare) served delicious food at very reasonable for NYC prices. Drinks were above standard, did not feel or seem watered down at all. The rooftop bar/lounge was very nice as well. Was able to see the 4th of July fireworks from it very easily. I would recommend this hotel to anyone I know who is traveling to NYC, whether it be friends with kids or singles, and I would stay there again for future trips. The neighborhood has many restaurants, diners, bars and D'Agostino's is only a block and a half away!	
Jun 4 2007 	Absolutely Perfect	Exceptionally spacious and an excellent value. This one-bedroom suitefor our family of four was roomy enough to really enjoy as a place toeat breakfast and dinner and relax after walking for hours around thecity. Although the furniture had a few nicks and scratches and the carpeting needed to be stretched, the beds--even the pull-out sofa--were very comfortable, and the decor was pleasant. Two very special treats were being able to see the top of the Empire State Building from the windows, and the Chrysler Building and Empire State Buildingfrom the balcony. Having a balcony to sit on to have coffee, read the paper, listen to the relatively quiet sounds of the city, and feel the breeze was a delight. Please note, only a small portion of the rooms have balconies. They supplied free papers each day--the Journal, the NY Times, and USA Today. It was very nice to be located in a residential area, because it was quiet and there was a DAG's (Dagastino's) grocery store a couple blocks away. The 34th and 42nd crosstown buses were very close, and Grand Central was a short 5 blocks away. I would look forward to staying there again.	
May 30 2007 	This is the place to stay in NYC! Loved it!!!!	This was our second trip to NYC, planned this time to see my daughter who now works in NYC. It was my 10-year-old son's first visit. After getting a Spring Break trip to NYC cancelled due to weather and losing $2000 in airfares and hotel costs, we researched the most cost-effective place to stay when we re-scheduled our trip in May. We were delighted by our choice in the Shelburne Murray Hill. The room was spacious and clean, the staff friendly and accommodating--especially the doormen--one even let my son sit on his Harley and treated us like royality!! The busstop is right across the street from the lodging, and the subway is not far either--handy for our daughter to meet us or for us to explore this fabulous city. The kitchenette allowed us to save $$ on meal costs. On 3rd Street, east (?) of the hotel, are neighborhood delis and groceries that are not touristy or expensive. The view from the top of the hotel is great. This hotel is very family-friendly but caters to adults, as well. I can't say enough about our stay in NYC or this wonderful hotel--a real bargain for an expensive (by OKC standards!!) city. One tip--pack sensible walking shoes and plan your visit with a map! We definitely will stay here again on our next visit. Janice, OKC, OK	
May 17 2007 	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful	This was the greatest one night stay in my life. This was my very first trip to NY but because of this hotel, it won't be the last. Everyone was very friendly and the hotel was very modern and clean. I was only there for one night with my teenage daughter and niece. This was a side trip to a college pick up trip for summer break. I had no expectations but was very pleased at what I found. Everyone was so helpful and full of smiles. Jose the bellman always happy to help and gave good info about dinner. But Denise the doorman, where do I begin. If you need information from breakfast spots (Scotty's) to internet usage, he is the man to see. He is the main reason I will return to this hotel and have already told several people about it. The location is great, the price is right and the service is outstanding.	
May 14 2007	Disappointing	Checked in to a non-smoking, king studio suite on 5/11/07. Front desk service from Michelle was very friendly and helpful and she was able to check us in several hours early. Most of our room’s furnishings were aged heading toward shabby - worn carpet, furniture looking well-used and tired, like it came from a second-hand store, the wallpaper and paint were peeling and bubbling. There was a dark blob of something on the ceiling and I couldn’t tell if it was a patch of mildew or maybe a cocoon. There was a general musty smell in the room and it was dark and slightly dingy, even with all lights on. We tried to open a window, but neither window was working properly and we had to wedge a towel under it to keep it open a few inches. We decided to take showers after our flight in to NYC and discovered at least 8 patches of mildew on the bath tiles plus the bath drain was blocked. I complained to the assistant manager but I saw no sign that he did anything. I concluded after finding myself standing in ankle-deep dirty bathwater the next morning still staring at mildew that the assistant manager must have ignored my request or else sent a maintenance person who watched TV for ten minutes instead of fixing the drain and cleaning the bathtub surround tiles. I complained again and Michelle was at the front desk this time and she was very apologetic and immediately made a call to maintenance demanding an expedited service visit to our room. This time we saw evidence that someone had worked in our bathroom as the drain problem was cured and they may have wiped a few of the mildew patches away but left most of them intact. All was not bad, though. The room was sufficiently large with a big closet that contained an iron and ironing board. There was a small kitchenette with microwave, refrigerator, stove and oven, sink and a full set of cookware and eating ware. We liked the fact that there was a safe in the closet with a user-programmable combination so we could keep valuables locked up tight. Aside from the assistant manager, service was very friendly and efficient. The hotel is situated in a nice, safe and fairly quiet neighborhood (there’s a police kiosk at the end of the block) that was an easy five minute walk to Grand Central Station, a seven minute walk to Times Square and a 10 minute walk to Broadway theaters. We ate lunch at the Rare Bar and Grill based on recommendations from friends and the “best in town” reviews of Rare’s burgers that were posted in the hotel elevator. Service was a bit below average and inattentive, but the huge French fry sampler platter was actually worth the caloric/fat intake, featuring excellent regular fries and seasoned waffle fries, plus maybe the best sweet potato fries I’ve ever had. We went with the regular hamburger (the Kobe beef burgers were intriguing but $21 !?!); our burger was very average, but perhaps that was because we ordered it medium-well, so I’d opt for a medium next time. We tried Rare’s breakfast buffet the next morning which was a very good value, at least by NYC standards, at $12 and included unlimited juice, coffee, cereal, pastries, bagels, eggs, fried potatoes, sausage, bacon and very good French toast. We also went up to the Rare View rooftop bar on the 16th floor and it was quite nice on a pretty spring afternoon, with the view and complimentary snack mix making up for the $9 prices for beers. I think we were the only people up there over age 30, though.Overall, this was a disappointing stay. Ordinarily, I would have spoken to a manager and demanded to know what he or she would do to make things right for us, but between the fact that they had booked every last room for the weekend (meaning there probably was nothing else better available), the fact we had already paid for the room as part of a Travelocity combo package plus we had a very tight, packed schedule, I did not bother. If you decide to stay here and they assign you to Room 5S, ask for a nicer one. That won’t be an issue for me as I will likely stay elsewhere next time in NY.	
May 14 2007 	Great location lots of room	Our family of four, including two teenagers, stayed at the Shelburne for six nights in April. Overall, we were very pleased; however, there were some things where there should have been more attention to detail. To start with, we arrived at the tail end of a big storm, which meant our flight and taxi were delayed, and we ended up arriving at the hotel at 3 a.m. We were very tired, and yet the clerk was not very welcoming. Although I had requested a non-smoking room on a high floor, we were given a room on the 6th floor, which I suspect was not non-smoking because there were ashtrays in the room and a faint odor of smoke. In addition, the sofabed was not made up, as I had requested when I made the online reservation, and it took 20 minutes or so for someone to bring up some bedding. I must say the room was very quiet, facing as it did the back of the hotel. The bedroom of our one-bedroom suite actually had quite a nice view of the Chrysler Building. The rooms were large--there was a living room with dining area, full kitchen, and spacious bedroom. The sofabed in the living room was atrocious; however, the king-size bed in the bedroom was the most comfortable we've slept on anywhere, with high-quality sheets and duvet. The bathroom, while small, had a large medicine cabinet and was kept very clean. The bathroom is located off the bedroom (since these used to be apartments), meaning others using it have to go through the bedroom. I noticed that the lampshades in the bedroom were a little worn, and the drapes were hard to close. The management informed us (after I filled out the hotel survey) that the hotel is scheduled for a full renovation in August, including all new kitchens, bathrooms, and furniture. There is a nice, large lounge area off the lobby, with flat-screen TV, newspapers, books, and comfortable seating. Computers are available for use there at $6.95 for 15 minutes. The doormen were always very friendly. The best thing about this hotel is its location--we were only about 5-10 minutes' walk from two subway stations (one is Grand Central), 10 minutes from the Empire State Building, and about 15 minutes from Times Square. We ate a great breakfast our first day at Scotty's Diner, just a block up on Lexington, and enjoyed a nice dinner our last night at Sams Place at 39th and Lexington, a small, cozy Italian restaurant with nice ambiance and food. All in all, I'd recommend the Shelburne. I did a lot of research before reserving, and the Shelburne offers great value. Yes, you could probably stay for a similar price (we paid $275-$300 a night during spring break) in the Times Square area, but that would be for a standard, small hotel room. Here, we had room to spead out (essential with teenage boys!) and were able to fix our own breakfasts and snacks. We'd stay again, and feel that with a little more attention to detail, the Shelburne would be truly excellent.	
May 13 2007 	Fantastic hotel for great price	The Shelburne is a beautiful hotel in a great location! Walking distance from Grand Central and many great restaurants and bars nearby. The room is huge for NYC standards! The room and bathroom were very clean and even includes a kitchenette. Lovely lobby and den type sitting area where you can hang out and watch TV - furnishings and decor are very modern/contemporary. Don't miss the rooftop bar which has amazing views of the city. Had lunch at the hotel restaurant (Rare) and was far better than expected. We went this past weekend for our anniversary and would definitely choose this hotel again.	
May 6 2007 	Stay away!	We looked forward to our &quot;trip of our life&quot; to New York to celebrate my 40th birthday and my wifes pregnancy...!I had spent so many hours in front of hotels.com just to try to find romance and charm at a fair price. I chose wrong.Shelburne Murray Hill is an old worn down hotel. They say &quot;chandeliers, wallpaper and orental rugs&quot;, it should say just old furnishing.The &quot;suites&quot; didn´t feel clean even though they were.On the slideshow they show restaurant-look-alike pictures of their unique rooftop garden. It was closed; and absolutely no outside serving in any way.Sorry to say, this was not the weekend we had looked forward to or paid for. Do not go there.PS Hotels.com made big effort in trying to help us. They were good.	
May 1 2007 	Thanksgiving in NYC	We were charmed by the Shelburne Murray Hill.......Our family of 4 made our first trip to the city over the Thanksgiving Holiday. We chose this hotel because we wanted to experience brownstone type living. It was like we had our own mini apartment! We even cooked in a couple times. We enjoyed walking from this great location and foundthat everyone we encountered was helpful. There were several little resteraunts close by and a grocery within a couple blocks. And Grand Central Station was just about 5 blocks away. If you are looking for sleek and modern, this is not the hotel for you. But if you are looking for charming and genteel then you will enjoy.	
Apr 29 2007 	Huge rooms in NY	We were WOW by the size of this room (remember we were in NY, where all the hotels are either tiny or extremely expensive) We were on the 16th floor and we could even see the empire States building from our room! It was beautifulNice entrance, nice room, very clean, great location, very comfortable, OK gym, we LOVED IT!The bar downstairs claims to have the best burgers in town (gosh, they were SO good!)An overall great experience.	
Apr 16 2007 	just ok	Room was not ready when they said, gave away our suite	
Apr 11 2007 	5 Ladies stay at Shelburne first time to New York	If you look at the shelburne like apartment style hotel you will love it. we had 5 ladies sharing a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom kitchen ,living room,dining room, plenty of space to sit and talk about the day and it was alot cheaper then two rooms. We give above average rating because of it's size, beds were good showers were good and everthing was clean. yes the carpets were older and and no new interior decorating .I usually stay in 4-5star hotels this hotel because of size and comfort was just plain , simple, clean, perfect for 5 ladies that all had their own beds, there is something to be said for comfort and shelburne has it. LOCATION for us we walked only a few blocks to empire state building maybe 10 minutes, the walk felt good where i live we don't walk much but this was easy ,we could see the empire state building from our hotel so it was a good land mark , that is where we caught the hop on hop off bus. The grand central terminal was in the other direction about the same distance a easy walk. you have to go to grand central it's beautiful and tons of eating places from cheap to expensive oh ya and subway in which we did not use we took taxis everywhere it was cheap for taxis especially if you are sharing the cab ride.Times square is about a $7 taxi ride. they say it was about 10 blocks but it was to cold we did not want to even attempt to walk. the hotel had a restraunt for breakfast lunch, dinner and room service, efficient and tasty . restraunts were scattered in every direction sprinkled here and there but within easy walking distance not right right outside the door ,the hotel gives you a list when you arrive if you ask . basically anything you ask they do have a answer for. So to sum it up ya not in the middle of times square but for the spacious accomedations and the money we saved by all being together with a kitchen for warm ups and leftovers and hang out together time I really loved it.p.s best price was from quickbooks	
Apr 9 2007 	Shelburne Excellent Hotel	My sister, daughter and I just returned from staying 10 nights at the Shelburme.We asked for a quitet room and got an inside one which was very quiet. The beds and pillows, as mentioned many times were incredibly comfortable. The room was large and kitchen and fresh coffee everyday provided by the hotel was excellent.Our room was cleaned every day and extra towels and toiletries provided withing 10 minutes of asking at reception.We too ate at Sam's Place, a block down Lexington, excellent value, better than the Rare restaurant at the hotel which was expensive for burgers and the wine there is some of the dearest in NY, we got cheaper good wine at Chez Josephine, a much better standard of restaurant. The staff in Rare were not the best and were not happy that our tip wasn't the 18% expected. This is something that you have to get used to on a trip to the US especially NY, but most restaurants add the 17/18% automatically.The location for the Shelburne was excellent, the Chrysler buliding just a few blocks down Lexington and Grand Central Station close by. I would certailnly recommend this hotel as good value for money,if like us you get an excellent deal.	
Apr 2 2007 	Loved it!!	We just returned home from 3 nights in NYC. Our room was wonderful. We had a one bed room suite and a balcony with a view of the Chrysler building AND the Empire State Building. We ate at a wonderful little restaurant called &quot;Sam's Place&quot; a block up. The best dining experience ever!!! Love, love, love this hotel	
Apr 1 2007 	Mid-tow Mid-town so good they named it twice!	I stayed at Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel in May 2006 (booked though lastminuet.com). The staff were very helpful, friendly and down to earth. Our room was very comfortable and had everything in it that was could wish for. The restaurant ‘Rare’ was fantastic and great value for money. The hotel was in a great location. I would defiantly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in Mid-town Manhattan.	
Mar 28 2007 	great location	My boyfiend and I stayed for six nights at this hotel last July. We found the rooms to be a good size but very old fashioned and in need of updating. The staff seemed decent but not overly helpfull. What really bugged me was that on some of the days the cleaners had not been inn to clean our room that was getting worse by the day due to all our bags and that from shopping all day. Then the aircon leaked all over my side of the room so I had to jump across the bed to get up to avoid getting soaked , oh and we had to ask for more towels! The hotel restraunt was called raw the food was ok but the staff were not that pleasnt and no one seemed to be able to understand our acent! which isnt that strong! The great thing about this Hotel is location ,I loved it . Everything was within walking distance . At the moment we are planning another trip to newyork and probably wont be staying at this hotel. LOVED NEW YORK XXXXX	
Mar 27 2007	Loved the Shelburne Murray Hill!	Our Bookclub just returned from New York this weekend. We were there from March 20 -23, 2007. There were 13 of us traveling from Houston, Texas. We had two suites This hotel was great.! The staff was friendly and very proffessional. Myself and the other coordinator of the trip was a bit nervous after reading some of the negative reviews. After arriving at the hotel and settleling in our rooms we concluded that the reviews must have been for some other hotel! The rooms were nice and very large. It was very obvious that this hotel was a former apartment building. The rooms were nice spacious two bedroom apratments. Two full baths, a small but adequate kitchen and very comfortable beds. The lobby and downstairs den area was ultra modern. The scaffolding was gone and the front of the buidling was very clean Out of the room that I was in I could see the Empire State Building. All 13 of us were in agreement that when we return to New York we will definatley stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel. We will also reccomend it to all of our friends.	
Mar 24 2007	Large rooms	We stayed here March 14-21 2007. in a one bedroom suite. The room was large and quiet and the hotel provided us with a roll away cot for the third adult in the living room. The pros of this hotel are good value, large suite, no noise from other rooms although there is the constant hum on NYC from the exterior. The kitchenette was handy for breakfast, although the coffee maker provided was basically not functional. The hotel common areas are adequate although the carpet and wall coverings are tired and the ones in our room were dingy. Housekeeping service was great and the bathroom was clean. There are no amenities in the hotel, whcih suited us as we were using the room as a base to discover the city. If you need a high level of service and amenities, look elsewhere. If you want a large, functional room in a tourist class hotel, i would recommend this as being good value	
Mar 14 2007 	Excellent value; enjoyed it	We thought the Shelburne Murray Hill was an excellent value. My husband and I booked a package deal through American Express. We got round trip air fare from Tulsa, Oklahoma, plus shuttle service from Laguardia (round-trip), plus 4 nights hotel (Fri night - Tuesday morning) for $750/person - can't beat that!The room was VERY large by New York standards. Our room was clean and the bed and pillows comfortable. Staff was very friendly and helpful - made excellent dinner recommendations and helpful with tourist-type questions.The FULL kitchen would be a HUGE plus for a longer stay. You could cook all your meals there - but who would want to do that in NYC? But if we'd been staying for longer, we probably would have stocked some cereal, milk, orange juice, etc. and saved money for other things. Even as it was, we were able to use the microwave to reheat our coffee.And, okay, the bathroom was small, but fully serviceable. Further, because the Shelburne was once an apartment building, the bathroom had a LARGE medicine cabinet, so both my husband and I could put all our toiletries away. I'd take THAT over lots of room in the bathroom any day.I liked the location. If you have business near Grand Central Station, this is a great location. Even walking to the theater district was only about 15 minutes. The Lexington Ave. Subway is only a few blocks away - great if you want to get to the upper east side, or to the &quot;Museum Mile&quot; that runs from 72nd to 92nd and Fifth Ave. The breakfast buffet is nothing special, but at $12/person, not bad for New York.My husband requires a work-out facility, and he said the one at the Shelburne was completely adequate.My only complaint was that they charged for internet - AND that the internet worked for only one computer. Therefore, both my husband and I had to buy service for each of our computers. Even this did not detract from the value represented by the Shelburne. We would definitely come again.	
Mar 9 2007 	Excellent Hotel	A comfortable,very clean and large room with a kitchen attached.The staff were at all times courteous and helpful and made our stay in New York a very happy experience.We shall certainly be returning to this hotel and once again be able to enjoy the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in!.Howard &amp; Joy Smith	
Mar 8 2007	Do Not Recommend Until Hotel is Renovated	I would not recommend this hotel. My husband and I were told they are going to have a major renovation. soon. I would not recommend staying there until a renovation is done. Even then I hesitate unless they also renovate the cleaning staff services too. The room was terrible, although we requested non-smoking it was smoky, dirty (mold on the wall) and trash was left from the previous guest. Without going into detail the bathroom definately not been cleaned and there was brown scum on the bathtub tile. We called the front desk and the room was cleaned (mold was washed off the wall and scum taken off the tub tile) but it was an awful experience. The hotel and rooms were dingy. And in the end we were double billed through hotels.com and again from the hotel. Eventually we did get our reimbursement from the hotel but not without alot of phone calls , hassle and hours spent on the phone. The walls were not sound proof and horns and sirens were heard all night. There was no way to draw the curtain for privacy or to block out the bright light in the morning. Since then we have been back to New York and stayed at another hotel that was in the same price range. It was professionally staffed, the rooms were sparkling and very cheefully decorated. It is good to know all the hotels in New York do not share the poor standards of the Shelbourne Murray Hill.	
Mar 6 2007 	Decent	I stayed at the Shelburne mid-February and found it to be a very decent value. I was impressed by the size of room itself (booked a one-bedroom suite), location, and price. I do agree that the hotel needs a major upgrade. If you happen to care about service (doorperson, etc.), this is not the place for you. I care mostly about noise level (hearing people in the next room or in the halls) and was happy that I could not hear anything. Of course I could hear the honking cars and street noise (up on the eleventh floor) but as a former New Yorker, it felt like home to me - you screen it out. Yes, the carpets and bedspread were a bit nasty, but aren't they all? The bathrooms were tiny but I've seen worse. An upgrade will do well for the hotel but of course it won't be as affordable. The hotel is in an excellent location - very central (not for food choices - restuarants in area geared towards frat boys and tourists, but for transportation). If you can get a decent price (under $200.00 for one-bedroom suite), I highly recommend the Shelburne. If you pay much over that ($300 and up) I wouldn't do it.	
Mar 5 2007 	Practical New York Choice	My quest to find a Manhattan hotel under $200 a night seemed futile, but the Shelburne Murray Hill turned out to be a pleasant surprise. It is conveniently located at 37th and Lexington. The rooms are all different but large for New York. Maybe it used to be efficiency apartments, because every room has a kitchenette and surprisingly large rooms. The hotel is U-shaped, and my room was facing inward. This means that there was no view, but it also means that the room was quiet. The staff was helpful and pleasant. The doorman was especially good. They used to have jazz in the restaurant, but it's not happening now. They said it might return. The rooftop lounge was closed for the winter, but it would be pleasant in warm weather. Attractive lounge, exercise room - all in all more than I expected and good enough to recommend. The hotel seems to be popular with groups, and the teenagers could be a noise problem, but the hallway commotion was manageable during this visit.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great Location Large Rooms Uncomfortable Bed 	I stayed at the Shelburne Murrary Hill as part of two week business stay (attended training at Cornell ILR's Mgmt. Center on 34th) in Manhattan during January and February of this week. From the Shelburne to Cornell it was about 12 minute walk. While it was cold, it could have colder and there was no snow during my stay in Manhattan. During the two weeks, I stayed at Residence Inn Times (39th &amp; Ave. of Amr.) Square, Affinia Dumont and the Shelburne. I would rate the Residence Inn as being the best in terms of room comfort, quality of staff, and newest facility. Affinia Dumont (34th &amp; Lexington) has comfortable and larger rooms than the Residence Inn and the neighborhood is less hectic and offers more food vendors and eating establishments. The Affinia has the Best Door people in the City. The Shelburne...hm.... I actually walked from the Residence Inn to the Affinia Dumont, pulling two rolling cases. After my stay at the Shelburne, I opted to stay shorter than planned and walked a few blocks Affinia Dumont and offers many eating establishments and food vendors/stores. The check in at the Shelburne was smooth. I asked for a quiet higher floor room away from the streets (Lexington, 38th and/or 37th). So I had a view of other rooms, but my room was quiet.The rooms have very old and dated decor. As mentioned in other reviews the curtains are dirty. My curtain had two hooks off the rails so I climbed on a chair to fix it. The light on my dresser did not work and I mentioned it to the front desk and they never did anything about this. Compared to a recent stay the Residence Inn in Beverly Hills, my night side stand light was inoperable and they fixed it the same day. The Shelburne is one of the newer purchases of the Affinia Group of Hotels and my guess is that they are maximizing their dollars out of the purchase before they have to remodel. The rooms are large for Manhattan standards. But everything is old. The bathroom is small and mostly clean but not as clean as the Affinia Dumont or Residence Inn. There is a small kitchenette which is one of main reasons I stayed here. Typically I eat breakfast and lunch at my business and/or training and want a light or takeout meal at dinner time. So I like to have fridges and microwaves in my room. I found the bed to be uncomortable, almost sagging on one side. Also it was difficult to moderate room temp. Between the Affinia, Residence Inn and the Shelburne. The Shelburne was least comfortable. But, it was the cheapest. I believe I paid advanced booking rate of $149.00. Versus $170.00 - $200 for the Affinia and $190 for the Residence Inn. For $50 - $60.00 more the Affina Dumont is a lot better than the Shelburne. The Affinia is really tall so the higher up the less traffic noise you hear.They have a good gym, offer free fruit, smaller but nicer rooms than the Shelburne.I used the gym in the basement at the Affinia and they were some good equipment in the gym.. I also used the washer and dryer in the basement too. But I think they may have been some leftover bleach in the washer because there were some stains on some of my clothes. There were even some hotel offices in the basement. Hm..not sure if that is good or bad.I tried to onsite restaurant, The Rare. I had their Roquefort Burger and the Sweet Potato fires which were tasty. But at better place for burgers is the Jackson Hole on 3rd between 34th and 35th. Nearby.  There are many restaurants nearby, especially on 3rd. I tried Carl's Cheese Steaks, Blockhead Burritos, Imperial Pizza and Brick Oven Pizza. All were okay. All tried a good Chinese Restaurant (next to Italian rest.) on Lexington, between 34th and 33rd. Across from the Chinese Resturant is the Murray Hill Diner which was good for breakfast. This neighborhood of Manhattan is called Murrary Hill. Since there are many Curry restaurants some dub this area as &quot;Curry Hill.&quot; Compared to the restaurants near the Residence Inn...Curry Hill has more better choices to choose from.My favorite restaurant in the area is a local chain called the Moonstruck Diner. I went there both for breakfast and dinner.On 3rd between 32 and 31. Also one on 38th and Madison.I also enjoyed tasty Korean takeout in Korean Town, on 32nd between 6th &amp; 7th. at Mandoo Bar. Seoul Garden down the street and the 2nd level is yummy sit down Korean restaurant that features many soups. Quick bites &amp; coffee at the chain Guy &amp; Gallard. Cheap Chinese at Spades on 3rd. Tasty Malaysian food at Maya in Chinatown.During this trip, I tried Deli food at Katz's in the Lower East Side on Houston street. and the Carnegi Deli on Broadway near 55th. I also recent was in Beverly Hills and tried Factor's Deli on West Pico near S. Beverly. After some thought, Carnegi has the tastiest Hot Pastrami!For sundries and tolietries, there is Duane Reade Pharmacy on 34th and 3rd Ave. D'Agostino Markets nearby on 3rd. I found shopping interesting in the Lower East Side and at Bloomies in SOHO which had better deals than Bloomies at Lexington and 59th.I saw several shows...Tango 2x and the Adult version of Sesame Street, Ave. Q. Which was really enjoyable. Since I enjoy watching the Sopranos on cable. I took the Sopranos location tour to Jersey. You get to visit the Lumber Carpet Man, Pizza Land (quick drive by), Satriale's Pork in Kearney, NJ and the Bada Bing. While not the most scenic part of Jersey it was interesting and fun to get out of the city and see shooting locations of the Sopranos show. You also go through the Newark/Harrison part of Jersey. There is a new Hampton Inn in Harrison, just on the other side of the river from Newark and there PATH train station, subway and Newark Penn Station nearby so that could be option to save $$$, taking the train or subway into Manhattan each day??? I've seen rates between around $100 and Trip Advisor reviews are good, probably because it is newer property. Harrison High School is featured in the Sopranos and so the local La Pizza. I also took the subway to the Museum of Natural History around 83rd? The subway stops right below the Museum. For some reason, I did not enjoy the visit. Next trip...I'm going to the Met. I walked by some budget hotels during this trip...the La Quinta on 32nd and the Red Roof on 32nd located in Korea Town. Also walked by Hampton Inn on 31st. I noticed many of hotels were not that tall, so I wonder if street noise would impact the stay. I can not see paying big bucks to stay at the Red Roof or La Quinta. I probably stay at nicer Hilton, Hampton Inn or Marriott in Jersey and commute in than to stay at Old, Unclean Manhattan Hotel and pay $180 - $220.00. In fact, I probably stay in Jersey at at clean, nice and comfortable (quiet room and comfortable bed) and commute in (for business) than stay at crummy expensive Manhattan Hotel. I'm due back in Manhattan in both May for two weeks and June for one week. I will first consider the Residence Inn (Ave. of Americas, I wrote a review about this property) or the Affinia Dumont (wrote a review about this place too). Or might consider commuting from New Jersey. In 2006, I stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown. The bed was more comfortable than the Affinia, but my bed was next to the noisest lift. I don't think I stay at Shelburne again unless they update their decor and get more comfortable beds and more adjustable climate controls but then i probably would not get $149.00 rates either. So for me it is Residence Inn Times Square, Affinia Dumont or a good value clean and modern place in Jersey.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great place	Had a great stay at the Shelburne. The staff was great and friendly. The room was large and clean. The furnishings and bathrooms were a little dated, but for the money it was super. We had a few bumps in the service the first night - no sheets on the pull out. But all in all a great place for families needing more room.	
Feb 24 2007 	Wow what a huge room!!!	During February break we (wife plus 2 teenagers) stayed 2 nights at Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel in mid-Manhattan. For the price ($398 f/2 nights, including tax and all fees) I highly recommend staying there. We had a suite with 2 queen size beds. The location was well within walking distance to Grand Central, Empire State Building, Times Square, and more. Our room was huge by NY or any standards. It had a seperate bedroom, large living room and kitchenette. Having four people and spending multiple nights the extra space was great. The room was very clean. The furnishings were above par. The bathroom was very small and did not have an exhaust fan so after a shower it took a while to clear the fog. Our room did need updating, but the front desk clerk did tell us that a major renovation will be happening. A sign of that was scaffolding staged outside the front side of the building. Our room was on 37th St. and stayed busy throughout the night, but that's NYC. We also had a nice top half view of the Empire State Building from our room. The staff that we had contact with were very nice and helpful, no complaints. We did request additional sets of towels and received them within minutes. We also felt very safe in the area, even at night. Overall, we had a very good experience during our stay and would return in the future.	
Feb 20 2007 	This is a dirty old hotel with a tiny bathroom!!!!	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ....PAY THE EXTRA $100 TO STAY AT A BETTER HOTEL!!!!!!My husband and I just returned from a weekend stay in NYC at this hotel. Our first reaction when we walked into the room was how outdated everything was and how there was NO VIEW.The bathroom was the size of the bathroom in my daughter's Barbie playhouse!! There was an unidentifiable dried yellow substance on the wall in the bathroom and dried white substance on the nightstand in the bedroom. The carpets were extra filthy and the chair in the living room was very uncomfortable.After complaining and being told that there were no other rooms available, we ordered room service and were overcharged $40 for a bottle of champaigne because they told us the Room Service menu in the room had the &quot;old price&quot;. The hotel also charged us $54 to park our car every time we moved it. DO NOT STAY HERE if you have any type of standards.	
Feb 12 2007	awesome hotel great value and super location	the shelburne is a great hotel to stay out while on vacation,i love the large room and kitchen complete with stove/oven/microwave/coffe machine and refrigerator.the bed was huge/queen size very comfortable.the front desk is very helpful as is the doorman.the sheburne is a great value and no need to worry about anything.my trip was fascinating,im so glad i stayed there.many restaurants and cafes in the area,and centrally located to everything.grandcentral station and timessquare within walking distance.i would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 11 2007 	Not usually fussy but Location and room terrible	This was my 3rd trip to NYC for shopping purposes! Last time we stayed in the Belvedere (very close to Times sq) and loved it but this time my husband thought we may as well try somewhere new. As mentioned on a previous review we were met with Scaffolding outside the hotel, the reception area was terrible and there was no one around to help with bags. The room was very disappointing - the bathroom was more appropiate for a 6 year old child it was so small and there was a very run down kitchenette in our room which was falling apart and useless. Also the window was falling out of the frame and we had gushing wind howling at us everynight. The heating system is also ancient. The walk to Times Sq. and port authority (for bus to outlets) was way too far especially in -25 freezing winds. Do yourself a favour and book closer to Times Sq especially if your planning on going to see some shows.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great great great!!	I just got back yesterday from a four night stay at the Shelburne with two girl friends. We all loved this hotel, the staff were fantastic, from the door to housekeeping to front desk. The maid who looked after our room reported our broken heating before we even had a chance to! :) The beds were oh so comfortable, i wish i could have shipped them back home to the UK! The area is great too, close to all the tourist attractions, but just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of the main shopping/business areas. We felt very safe walking in this area at any time of day or night. We will definately be coming back to the Shelburne!	
Feb 9 2007	Basic 	When we arrived to our hotel, we were surprised by the scaffolding outside, although once we got inside it wasnt' so bad. The Reception area didn't look as nice as it did in the photos, so this was a surprise. I expected the Reception staff to be friendlier after reading the great reviews about them, but was quite disappointed. The location is good and it has a police box just down the road a bit. The room was absolutely huge along with the biggest and most comfortable bed I've ever slept in so I was pleased about this. I would recommend this hotel, as it was in a great location, rooms are huge along with the bed and cleaned on a daily basis.	
Feb 6 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed here for only one night on our recent visit to NYC and were lucky to get the best rate in town ($109) by bidding on Priceline earlier that morning. Score! We knew that it was pretty far away from some of the sights we had planned to see that day but for a 3-star hotel at that price it was totally worth it to us. What we hadn't expected was how cute the area was. Murray-Hill is for sure the most charming part of NYC that we saw. It was clean, pretty and obviously very affluent. We felt very safe walking the streets at night. Furthermore, the room was amazing! We had no idea that we'd 'won' a suite. The living room had a pull-out couch and TV, there was a kitchen, full bath and large bedroom also with TV. It was like a regular suite in any other city. Unusually roomy for an inexpensive room in NYC. Things that visitors might want to know...(1) use Grand Central Station. It's the closest stop. (2) it was only a $23 cab to LaGuardia! Stay here. It's worth it. We WILL be back!	
Jan 29 2007 	new yorknew york - loved it so much we stayed twice!	Totally agree with a lot of the comments here, this hotel although could do with a bit of decorating in some of the rooms this really shouldn't put you off staying here. The beds are so comfortable and massive but maybe thats due to us having small beds in UK.The staff are really helpful and friendly (especially to us brits!) and after telling them we had stayed in the same hotel the year before they straight away gave us an upgrade without us even asking!The location is really useful and a lot of attractions are only 15 minutes walk away. The neighbourhood seemed nice enough and we never felt uneasy out at night.	
Jan 25 2007	Great location loved it roomy	We really loved out trip to New York City. Wasn't sure about the hotel from some of the reviews but it was very nice. We had a 1 bedroom corner unit. We were on the 15th floor which made the street noise less noticeable that our friends unit on the 9th floor. The king bed was very large and comfortable and the duvet was top quality. Two closets which were mirrored and a dresser. The bathroom was small, they had a large medicine cabinet which held all of our toiletries. The unit had a living room and dining area and small kitchen with a full size Frig. Two TV's. The hotel does accept small pets and we thought our allergies had started acting up after a couple of days, but maybe it was just the weather. We are from California and it was a little cold for us but warm for the New Yorkers. (30's &amp; 40's). They buildings are kept extremely warm. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The area is great for local restaurants and reasonable pricing. Our favorite was Jackson Hole just 2 blocks away. It was recommended by Rachel Ray. The grocery store was just across the street from the restaurant. Also the Barking Dog at the Affina hotel was very good. The subway was about 4 blocks. The views are also nice the Empire State building and Chrysler Building. Macys was about 4 blocks. We loved it and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 23 2007 	Sssshhhh! Best to keep it a secret	Large room with a kitchen, great staff, excellent location (especially if you're flying in/out of Laguardia - 15 mins). Also found out it was pet friendly. Will definitely stay again.	
Jan 23 2007	Safe in New York	I felt brave travelling to New York on my own for 6 nights before returning to Australia after 6 weeks in Europe, UK &amp; Canada (my husband had decided to stay in Canada to do a hunting trip with friends). I found my room at the Shelburne Murray Hill very comfortable with a small kitchenette and seperate bathroom. The doorman &amp; Manager were very friendly, but the front counter staff could learn how to smile &amp; be more helpful. Attached to the Hotel was a award winning burger restaurant, which was OK if you like fries &amp; burgers !!! The restaurant will also deliver meals to your room. On the next block was a small convenience shop &amp; ATM. But the best thing about this Hotel was the location. A quick walk down Lexington Ave to 42nd Street ( a few blocks) &amp; then up to Times Square only took 10 to 15 mins. I felt safe the whole time I was staying there and can thoroughly recommend it as a place to stay while in New York.Jenny MaccaTasmaniaAustralia	
Jan 20 2007 	Lived up to it's charm!	After researching many NYC hotels on the internet, I kept returning to the Shelburne Murray Hill recommendations and finally went ahead and booked a room. I couldn't be more glad I did. This hotel lives up to the charm, pleasantry and hospitality that many travelers have shared. The rooms are nicely sized and appointed in a lovely and quaint fashion. The staff is very helpful. We were able to check in early, much to our delight. The beds were comfortable and clean. Don't be detoured by the location. It is still close to everything and the great savings compared to the &quot;big&quot; hotels in time square are well worth the couple extra blocks you may have to travel. We had 2 moms and 2 daughters enjoy a wonderful weekend with a stellar view of the Chrystler Building. You won't be disappointed. We'll be back.	
Jan 5 2007 	Shelburne Staff are Great	We were a party of 4 adults who stayed at the Shelburne for a few days over Christmas 2006. The room we pre-paid for was a one bedroom suite. When we arrived we were given a two-bedroom suite. We've been to New York many times in the past and this was by far the largest room - 4 queen beds, three televisions and two bathrooms. Our only complaints were that we asked for a quiet room and were instead put on the second floor - the traffic noise was horrible. The door lock on the room was a bit sticky - but with some pushing it would lock. The cleaning staff were lovely and even supplied extra towels when we asked. The location can't really be beat. You can walk to Macy's, the Empire State Building and Times Square. There are dozens of quaint places to eat in the neighborhood. Above all else, the staff was lovely and accomodating.	
Jan 5 2007 	Fantastic value!	Booked this hotel for three nights over new year to meet some friends staying in New york already. Couldn't beleive the price at £290 in total, for which i had a huge room with two double beds! Location was excellent 15-20 mins walk to times square and overall thought this was an amazing deal. Would recommend this place to anyone.	
Dec 31 2006	Worked well with our kids	I booked this hotel thru priceline and got a rate of $175 per night for 2 nights, which I thought was wonderful. The day before we went I called to see if we could get a rollaway in our room since we had 3 kids. Luckily I called because they had us booked in a room with one queen bed, not good. The man I spoke to said he switched us to a room with 2 queens, but no room for a rollaway. This would work since our 3 yr. old usually ends up in our bed anyway, so we would just start that way, and our 6 and 9 yr old boys could share a bed. We walked with our luggage from Penn Station and halfway there wished we got a cab, not realizing it was so far (miscounted a couple of avenues when we were planning). Promised our kids we would get a cab back when it was time to check out! We got to the Shelburne at 1pm to stowe our luggage, but they let us check in! Unfortunetely the room change wasn't really made and they still had us in one queen. Victoria at the desk was very very helpful. After checking a couple of rooms for us, we checked into a roof top room that are normally not available in the summer because of their bar. But the winter they were perfect, with a view of the river and empire state building! We ended up with a king and a rollaway bed. The older boys switched between the rollaway and a soft lounge chair with ottaman. Not the best if the kids were older, but worked fine for us. Loved NY City, but won't go again at Christmas since all the lines were crazy. We grew up near by (Long Island) and my husband used to work in the city. His funniest comment was that it was nice that the city was now so clean and low crime, but because of that more people came in and it was too crowded for him to enjoy!We recommend this hotel highly!	
Dec 27 2006 	Charming	First I should declare that I stayed here one night comp'd due to being unable to get home during the blackout a few years back, so my comments may not necessarily be the best on which to gauge your hotel selection.Despite the absolute chaos of that evening, the staff checked us in promptly. Similarly despite the lack of electricity the hotel room was quite cool, so I'm guessing that they keep the place properly cooled when electricity is available. The room was large, had two queen beds, a nintendo (damn that blackout!), and a full kitchen with cooking supplies. The kitchen was a bit on the 1960's formica side, but otherwise the rest of the furnishings seemed in tune with the prewar motif. The room, and the hotel overall, was charming. If you're looking for slick modern, this isn't for you, but if you like prewar atmosphere, then the Shelburne's your place. The area's GREAT. It's close to everything but far enough away that it's not too boisterous or loud, and Murray Hill in general is wonderful to just stroll around. If for some reason I ever needed a hotel in Manhattan again, I'd definately consider this place.	
Dec 24 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Shelburne for a week of sightseeing and shopping. Ideally located within easy reach of transport and only a short walk from the empire state building and some nice restaurants, situated in a quiet location without too much street noise. We stayed in a studio suite, which we found to be a good size for a Manhattan Hotel, with a good bathroom and kitchenette. The best things about our room was that it was quiet with a very comfortable bed. We found the staff to be accomodating and friendly. The bar downstairs serves food at night which we enjoyed and they offered to deliver to our room. I would recommend this hotel to a friend and I would stay there again.	
Dec 12 2006 	comfortable and quiet	Spent a long weekend here and found the hotel so very comfortable and quiet. The hotel staff were extremely courteous and helpful. They even gave us a choice of rooms and let us see them first before we made up our minds. The decor was a little shabby but very clean and we had the added bonus of having a small kitchen with toaster, fridge microwave etc. Not that we did any cooking!! Lots of delis and grocery stores nearby if you did.The hotel bar was lively but not intimidating. Some of the barstaff were a little snooty and others were really pleasant and friendly. Food there is excellent. You can get breakfast there for $12 dollars each, all you can eat but there are other places nearby if you don't want to eat so much. Guy and Gallard is a few blocks away where you can get granola, yoghurt, bagels, muffins etc. Lots of coffee. we ate well when we were there!Dinner, I recommend hudson's place, sorry can't remember the street and Patsy's for pizza. Artisanal on 2 Park Avenue was great and lots of people watching opportunities. It's a cheese specialist so they serve fondues etc as well as cheese to take home. Trying to seriously diet now I'm home.The hotel is in a perfect location for all the sites and that is why I was so surprised at the peace and quiet at night. Some fellow travellers stated they had rooms facing the street and they weren't so quiet but if you get a choice you can pick the room you want. I would definitely return to this hotel. be warned New York is full of brits at the moment taking advantage of the strong pound.	
Dec 6 2006 	Absolutely loved the Shelburne!	We stayed in the Shelburne from Nov 25th - Dec 2nd. We got a good deal online as we were staying 7 nights...just $239 dollars a night .Having read some of the previous reviews of this property i really didnt know what to expect. But i have to stay I really enjoyed my stay at the Shelburne.As with previous reviewers the location really is brilliant, we tended to walk almost everywhere and the hotel was just 15 minutes walk from Macy's, and maybe a couple of minutes more to Times Square, although it can also be easily reached by subway, just 2 stops away. I have stayed close to Times Square, close to Madison Square Garden and downtown and this was by far the best location, a lovely quiet street full of brownstones and with lovely delis and coffee shops closeby.The hotel itself really isnt that old and I thought the decor was just fine..it was all spotlessly clean and honestly, i have to say I am a bit sick of slick shiny modern hotels. The Shelburne had character. The staff, especially the doormen were polite and extremely helpful, and everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome.Rare Bar and Grill is a yummy restaurant if you like a really good Burger and the JAzz music in the Lexington Lounge (Thurs, Fri, Sat night, also in the hotel) is brilliant! One of the highlights of my whole stay.Our rooms was clean, spacious, and the kitchenette was a great bonus, allowing us to buy in breakfast and save some money!. Overall it was one of the best hotel stays i have had in New York and i would be sure to return!.	
Dec 5 2006 	Nice Hotel Great Bar!!	We stayed at this hotel in for a few days on our way home from Florida. The location is great, in Manhatten only a few blocks from all the main sites but still a relatively well kept and quiet area.The rooms were nice and comfortable with a massive bed but nothing overly luxorious. If you are after a hotel that offers fantasctic views from your room then this is not the place to stay. However, the rooftop bar was absolutely brilliant, especially at night, (although pricey!!). You can see all the buildings lit up around you and lie back on outdoor beds.For people who don't want to break the bank but want a nice hotel in Manhatten I would have no hesitation in reccomending the Shelburne Murray Hill.	
Dec 4 2006 	Second time at the Shelburne	This was our second time at this hotel. My wife and I were in for the Thanksgiving weekend. Again, as with other reviewers, the location can't be beat. Yes the decor may need some updating, but judging from all the scaffolding around the hotel, they are doing just that. The only thing that I noticed this time is that housekeeping was a bit lax. ( Could be that it was a holiday weekend ).Aside from that, this hotel is clean, safe and effeciently run. We will return here for our next trip. No sense trying somewhere else.PS. try the Hudson House restrauant down on 3rd. The food is great and prices reasonable.	
Nov 27 2006	Great hotel in great area	We have just returned from 5 nights at the Shelburne Murray Hill in New York City. The hotel was great and the best part is they are children and pet friendly. Everyone was so friendly and helpful with information on getting us around New York. The staff did not hestitate to make sure all our needs were taken care of from early morning to late evening. The rooms were very clean. The room had a small but clean kitchen and bathroom. The beds &amp; pillows were very comfortable to come home to after a long day. This hotel is in a great location. It is in walking distance of Grand Central termial, Time Square, The Empire State Building, Macy's and many different restruants to choose from. I felt safe walking to the many places my children and I went in this part of New York. For the other places we went that were not in walking distance we used the subway, taxi and double decker tour bus. I would certainly stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill again.	
Nov 26 2006 	Six female trippers from the West Country	We were delighted with this hotel, and its amenities. As six ladies (of a certain age) travelling independently we found the central location ideal. Our rooms (with kitchens) were spotlessly clean and the bedlinen changed every day. Staff were helpful and knowledgeable. Breakfast at Blooms Deli (just down the road) amazing value for money. Our trip to NY coincided with the Marathon (4th Nov) so the city was very busy. We would definitely recommend this hotel as being excellent value for money.	
Nov 14 2006 	Location Location Location	The big advantage of this hotel is the location. Close to Grand Central/Times Sq as well as 5th/Madison and Park Ave.The room we had was fine - very clean. The kitchen facilities...well they were clean but gave the impresssion of a grubby student bedsit - there were no pots and pans if you wanted to use the cooker....though that's a small complaint.The staff were fine, if maybe a little indifferent.There was a bar/retaurant attached to the hotel called &quot;Rare&quot; and this had good food and was usually pretty busy.Overall, the location and cleanliness were the 2 key factors, but considering the room rate, it's the least you would expect..	
Oct 29 2006 	Ideal base for first visit	As first time visitors to NYC we were overwhelmed by the choice of hotels but chose the Shelburne as a result of positive reviews here. We were not disappointed. Location is ideal (5 mins walk to Grand Central for the subway), about 8 mins to the Empire State Building and 34St shopping, 15 mins to Time Square. Despite good location our room remained quiet and we were undisturbed by traffic, etc. Booked through Expedia we were upgraded on arrival to a 10th floor room with 2 Queen beds. Room was quite large and had small kitchen area with microwave and fridge. Bathroom was small but adequate. Room was clean, the decor was a little &quot;tired&quot; but that was not a problem. The hotel is surrounded by eating opportunites - the Rare burger restaurant downstairs was excellent, and the small Indian restaurant across the road towards Grand Central serves outstanding food from modest surroundings. There are 2 small supermarkets within 100 yards, a wine shop, and an Irish pub which shows Premiership football for the homesick!The staff were very helpful in arranging a shuttle bus back to Newark Airport (book 24h before departure) and the doormen deserve a mention for being outstandingly friendly and helpful.Nice hotel, nice people, not in your face but there for helpful advice when you need it. Tip for 1st time visitors - take the hop on hop off tour bus 2 day ticket, including Statue of Liberty trip and Empire State building admisssion.	
Oct 22 2006 	In 30 years of traveling this is the worst!	In 30 years of traveling for business, staying at this hotel was the worst experience I have ever had. Never have I witnessed such bad service. It seems that the employees who work there enjoy being rude and always have a &quot;no&quot; instead of trying to fix a problem. Business must be really good!The front desk will not let you talk to the manager and they just look at you and say &quot;We can't do it&quot;. Additionally, my room was filthy. What a horrible experience.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great Deal!	Very happy with the accomodations. We booked thru Priceline and paid $195 for a Saturday night. The room had a kingsize bed (extremely comfortable!). We had our 15 year old with us and were told that there were no other rooms available. A complimentary rollaway was provided. We expected a flimsy bed with a very thin mattress. However, the rollaway was very comfortable and the room was large enough to accomodate it without any inconvenience. The room was clean and spacious, a little dated, but well worth the price for the area. The restaurant in the hotel is quite good with a casual menu. A bit pricey, but to be expected for the area.	
Oct 13 2006 	You can't go wrong with the Shelburne!	We stayed at The Shelburne Murray Hill for 5 nights and it definitely made our trip to NYC as pleasant as could be. It's situated in a great location just 5 minutes walk from the Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station and about a 15 minute walk to Times Square so it's central but without the noise and ruckus. There's also some great deli's, restaurants and brownstones all nearby.The staff were great and did everything they could to make our stay enjoyable. We were only 21 at the time and although this place sells themselves as a &quot;business-style&quot; hotel we never felt out of place or looked down upon whatsoever.The rooms were clean and neat, the bed was very comfy, it was everything you needed to come home to after a long day sight-seeing.The Rare Bar and Grill downstairs had a great atmosphere and very yummy food, but unfortunately the rooftop bar was not open when we stayed there which was a shame.The only bad word I could say was that we were on a non-smoking floor and we could smell smoke in our bedroom (obviously drifting up from another floor) which wasn't pleasant but they took care of it as soon as we informed them. This place is definitely worth the price and I would highly reccommend it to anyone who likes to travel in comfort and not worry about bed bugs, shoddy plumbing or bad neighbourhoods without forking out an arm and a leg!	
Oct 11 2006	Loved the Shelburne!	Got a great rate via Expedia for the Shelburne and booked on the basis of Tripadvisor reviews.The location is fantastic, just four blocks to the Subway but in a relatively forgotton mostly residential area of Manhattan which means it gets quieter at night and provides respite from the hustle and bustle of your day!The check in staff are excellent and the doormen are fantastic, what a great first impression when you arrive, they have a smile for everyone.The studio suite is spacious with a separate kitchen area compact kitchen, our room was at the back of the hotel and was completely quiet at night which is really welcome after a long day. The new lounge area on the ground floor is a great meeting place with complimentary newspapers every day and internet access with your credit card at reasonable rates.We would definately stay here again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Don't do it!	After staying at the Shelburne this weekend, I know why I got such a great rate! We booked a 1 bedroom suite because we were traveling with our daughter. The room was large but filthy(visible sticky stuff on the carpet). The sofa bed mattress sunk almost to the floor when our daughter sat on it(she weighs 100 lbs.). The bedroom mattress was so soft it should have been replaced. The bathroom had mold growing in several places. The staff let trash accumulate for hours on coffee tables in the lobby before picking it up. On the plus side, the room was quiet. But I would not stay here again!	
Oct 10 2006 	Noise and Glitches	One side of the Shelburne Murray Hill is on the route from the mid-town tunnel (I495 from LaGuardia). Whatever you do, don't take a room on the lower floors of the 37th St side. I think I slept about 2 hours the first night of our stay. After moving to an off-street room (11th floor - blissfully quiet), the glitches began. About 8:30 the next morning our door was opened by a guest who had also been assigned our (new) room. When we returned that night at 10:30 our key card didn't work so we had to get a replacement from the desk. Back up we went with our new card, only to find that housekeeping had not been to our room that day. The desk had to send a bellman with coffee, towels etc.As someone not used to spending over $300 a night for a room, the Shelburne Murray Hill was a disappointment. Things are a little shabby - stains on the carpet, marks on the wall etc. The lobby is nice, and the restaurant, Rare, was decent. Since a friend recommended this hotel to me I'm sure my experience was not the usual, but I would not recommend it to anyone in the future.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great hotel	I stayed there Sept. 24-26th, and had a really great stay. The room was large and very clean. The bed was comfortable and didn't have those terrible standard hotel bedsheets and comforter. The sheets were very crisp and clean, the comforter was a duvet and so clean I could see the press marks from the iron. They also have a pillow menu, with three pillow choices. I prefered the buckwheat pillow.The staff was very friendly, the hotel was in a good neighborhood. It was a bit of a hike to the subway (about 5 blocks), and there is some construction on Lexington. But I didn't have any problems with it. The room was very quiet and I didn't have any problem sleeping at night.	
Oct 2 2006 	Nice enough	This is a nice enough property in a quiet neighborhood and the rooms (I stayed in the one-bedroom suite) are generously sized with a sofa-bed in the living area. I'm a little puzzeled, however, that anyone would rate this as a 5 (excellent). The property is a bit tired with lots of noticable wear and tear; The finish out is definately lower-end (think Econolodge). Add to this the fact that the neighborhood, while quiet, is not really terribly close to anything (including a subway stop). I give it a soild 3 based on quality and location, but bumped it up to a 4 for value.	
Aug 22 2006 	Shelburne is fantastic	I have just come back from a 7 night trip to NY and absolutely LOVED the Shelburne. I had high expectations from other reviews that i had read on tripadvisor and i was not disappointed. On arrival at the hotel we were welcomed by the doormen, who held the doors open and helped us with our bags - this continued throughout our trip. At the reception desk, the girls were very helpful and friendly at checking us in. We also booked a couple of trips through them and asked their advice on how to get places...all questions were answered and they asked us how things had gone on our return.We were given room 11N, which was fantastic...a decent size room with a small kitchen area and room to walk about. The view directly outside our window was into the apartments opposite but if you looked slightly to the right, you could see the empire state building.The situation of the hotel was ideal for us too...just far enough from Times Square that you didn't get caught up in the noise but close enough to enjoy the atmosphere. Walking around the streets at any time of the day/night seemed safe enough too, but there were loads of taxi's around to jump into.We didn't really use the roof top bar because we didn't have time but it seemed pretty busy by non-resident people aswell as residents. The bar downstairs seems like the place to be for New Yorkers, it was always packed. None of the noise from either place filtered to our room - it was relatively quiet for a city centre hotel.Overall, i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY...great value for a fantastic hotel.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great hotel-returning guest	I am a repeat customer and will continue to return.Hotel rooms are good sized and clean. A 3rd sheet is over blanket(comforter) which makes relaxing on bed appealing. Kitchenette stocked well for your own dinner prep and good sized refrig. Mattress was very good and you may choose your style of pillow from a menu. Maintenance very good. Good sized desk to work on. Contrary to another reviewer reception staff very friendly. Hamburgers in restaurant/bar great, but on weekends waiting line as this is a good neighborhood social club and packed with young professionals. Only complaint I've heard is hotel is too far from Times Square, but that's a great selling point. A 5-10 minute walk to Grand Central Station lands you on the 42d Street Subway Shuttle 5 minutes later. Good restaurants in neighborhood. I	
Aug 13 2006 	Real Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel, Quiet Neighborhood. Room was more than expected at a great weekend price. Would highly recommend and plan on staying there on our next trip. This time we're leaving the kids with the Grandparents and going ourselves to enjoy the roof bar and see Manhattan at night, you can almost reach out and touch the Empire State building.PS The police substation is because the Cuban Mission is located at 39th and Lexington	
Jul 23 2006 	Good location ok rates - room good size - could be in better shape	Stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill for 2 nights recently - the hotel has a nice location very central and yet still residential in flavour which is a nice combination. The rooms are a good size for Manhanttan, and mine had a kitchenette as well as a decent sized work area. The bed was very comfortable, the towels were plush yet the bathroom was relatively cramped. The sink was quite small and close to the mirror so shaving was a bit of a challenge. The staff were friendly and informative and I would stay there again if in the area. The room could stand a little fix up on the ceiling and the paint job - nothing horrible, just needed a little TLC	
Jul 12 2006	Some good some bad.But am returning!	CHECK-INWe went to New York and stayed in the Shelburne for my birthday in March 06. We booked the room online and requested a particular room (my parents had stayed here the previous yr and said the room on the roof had fantastic views) Unfortunately, our request couldn’t be met. However, on arrival, they explained that, as they had not met our request, they had upgraded us to a deluxe 1 bedroom suite. ROOMWe were on the 16th floor. We were satisfied with our room. The décor is a little tired. I felt a little disappointed-it was not exactly what you would think of when thinking about a “suite in New York”. I think it’s important to note that there was nothing exactly wrong with the room, it just was not as luxurious as I expected. The bed was comfortable (if a little small) the bathroom was clean, but very old. The window in our bedroom was slightly ajar all of the time. We covered it with the cushions from the sofa in the living area. The kitchen was a fair size for 2 people. We never actually used it, other than storing water and soft drinks in the fridge. The lounge was very spacious, with a 3 seater sofa, coffee table, armchair and a dining room table with 4 chairs. It also had a balcony which opened onto fantastic views of the Chrysler building. A big bonus. There is a large waredrobe in the living area (disguised quite well as a mirror) and a smaller waredrobe in the bedroom.RESTAURANTWe went down to the restaurant. (Better described as a bar that serves food). The place was full and we were told we would have to wait around 45mins. We requested if they could call our room when the table was ready, to no avail. We would have to stand there and wait. After a long day sightseeing, we just weren’t in the humour of standing around. We wanted to kick back with a glass of wine and a nice meal. We were disappointed that patrons of the hotel did not get better treatment at the restaurant. We decided we would order room service. You order from the full menu in the bar and they just deliver it up to you. It was of better quality than I expected. We ordered a few items such as chicken wings, a burger, some fries and a salad etc. Very reasonably priced and edible.LOCATIONLocation is a very big plus. It is literally 5mins walk to Grand Central. There is 2 grocery stores, a dry cleaners, 2 diners, an Italian restaurant and a pharmacy within 100 metres of the hotel. Fantastic. It was also quite safe at night. There is a police box on the corner of the next block. When I see these boxes, I assume it is because areas need protection. However, this seems to be a preventative measure, as I never saw anything unsavoury. As I have a slight walking difficulty, we tended to get taxis everywhere. As an example-it cost 5 dollars to get to Times Square-very reasonable and you get a tour of the city. We make a promise to ourselves never to use the subway/metro in any city-you never get to see the city if you’re under it!!! Would advise bringing an extra 100 dollars and getting taxis everywhere-fantastic way to get your bearings and will save your feet for the shopping!SUMMARYWe were a little disappointed in the décor. But location is fantastic. I thought the hotel was expensive. However, after checking other hotels in the city, it seems reasonable considering the location. We paid 1159 for 4 nights in March. We have decided to return to New York and we are staying the Shelburne again in November. This time, we have booked a 2 bedroom suite-there are 5 of us travelling, so it makes more sense. I hope we get a room on the higher floors, but again, this is not guaranteed. Although I was disappointed in the décor, it is clean and very central and that is what is making us return.	
Jul 10 2006	Great for the price!	The Shelburne was the best deal we could find where our group of six (2 adults &amp; 4 kids) could all stay together in one hotel room. Other hotels wanted to put us in two rooms (or even two adjoining rooms), but we were all able to fit comfortably in a one-bedroom suite at the Shelburne. At $250 per night, it was a bargain by New York standards.What we liked:Spacious room, 2 TVs, large refrigerator. Claire at the front desk had great suggestions on where to go &amp; where to eat. She gave us a good tip on the best deal in the area for internet access, and when I mentioned we were going to the Empire State Building, she even gave us an extra ticket the hotel had for that day! The bed was comfortable, housekeeping was quick to bring up extra towels, and the doormen were very nice to us.What we didn't like:After walking in New York all day, the several blocks from Grand Central to the Shelburne was a bit much for all of us (especially our 5 year-old). I often found myself wishing we were staying at the Grand Central Hyatt that's right there above the station. An earlier review mentioned street noise. We also found there was a lot of street noise even though we were on the 10th floor. Car horns sounded like they were just outside our room, and it really sounded like thunder when somebody rode by on a Harley! Still, this is the city, so noise is to be expected. Our window on 37th street looked right out to the building just across the street, but to the right we had a nice view of the Empire State Building. There are enough photos of the rooms, so I'm including a couple pix of the view from our window. All in all, it's a nice hotel, and we'd happily stay there again. The 80's music in the elevator was much better than the muzak most places play!	
Jul 7 2006	Good if you have kids Non-friendly staff	We stayed in Shelburne Murray Hill for 3 nights in March 2006. We had made the reservation before and specifically asked for a non-smoking room since we had a baby. Upon our arrival (after a long drive from Canada) we had to discuss with the staff for 20 minutes before they give us a non-smoking room. The room was not very clean, stain on the sheets (however we did not care since we only used one of the beds for sleep). The only benefit for the very high price we paid was the kitchenett that we needed for baby food preparation. Other than the doorman other staff not very friendly. We ordered the food for room service from the hotel resturant and not very good. The french fries must have been made last week! The location was good, however a 10-15 minutes walk to time square. I will not choose this place again except if I must have access to a kitchen.	
Jun 30 2006	Absolutely loved the Shelburne!!!!!!!	We stayed 6 nights in a 1 bedroom suite (room 16D on the top floor) and absolutely loved it. The bed was so comfortable and the location can't be beat. We are night owls and not once while we were out and about at around 2am did we feel unsafe. In fact, there is even a police booth with an officer in it on the next block! There are some great restaurants around, including a 24 hour diner. All the attractions are nearby and the subway is a few blocks away.I highly recommend this hotel and would return in a heartbeat!!!	
Jun 23 2006	100 %	We spent five nights at the Shelburne Murray Hill in May/June 2006 and we would give it 100% for cleanliness, helpfullness and excellent staff. It is a good central location and many of the sights are within walking distance.	
Jun 21 2006	its not all fandabydozy at the shelburne!	the area - yes, murray hilll is convenient for the empire state and the chrysler buildings, grand central station etc but it does feel a bit staid and corporate when you're out and about, much less atmosphere than say chelsea or greenwich village. i would guess that the residents in the shelburne hotel consisted mainly of over 40s, families and business people. the rooms were spacious, service was excellent and the staff were friendly without being intrusive. the bed linen and the towels etc were pristine and changed regularly so we forgave the hideous decor, the shabby fittings and absolutely FILTHY curtains! A NOTE ABOUT THE ROOFTOP RESTAURANT - its actually a very popular bar which can be accessed by non residents from a separate entrance at the side of the hotel. it is also hired out for private functions. the photo that's on the hotel website gives the misleading impression of some quaint intimate place with great views - so not the case!! what you actually get if you're on on of the high floors (we were on the 13th, the rooftop bar is on the 16th) is very bad 80s and 90s pop music blasting into your room.	
Jun 17 2006	Good value but bring earplugs	This is my second trip to NYC. We had a suite with living room, bedroom (2 queens) and a kitchenette for about what I paid for a room before. The furnishings were very good. The staff was nice. The elevators were a bit slow so we took the stairs a few times. My only complaint about the room was the noise. We were on the 5th floor overlooking 38th street &amp; Lexington AVe. the noise was substantial. Even though there are traffic signs saying don't honk, drivers were honking every minute from 6 am to the time we left for activitities. Engine noises were pretty loud as well. Late night noise was mild and not an issue.I felt a little ripped off by the bell staff. When we arrived the room was not ready. We came back around 2:30pm and it was still not ready so I gave the bellman $5 for five bags and asked that they be taken to our room when it was ready. We we got in at 11pm I found that only one bag was taken to the room. We ended up carrying my own bags up. On the way out I tipped the bellman when he took our five bags down from our room when we left. He in turn gave the bags to the doorman who had to carry them from the lobby to the street. I ended up tipping him as well. My cell service was poor in the room. My wife called me twice once for 2 minutes (probably 61seconds) and once again for less than a minute. The &quot;long distance&quot; charges were $10 bucks. Our mistake but be aware of how expensive it is to us the phone.JEC	
Jun 12 2006	Wonderful	I stayed in Shelbourne in Mid May..My partner and two grandkids were with me..We had a one bed suite.This is an excellent hotel. Doorstaff very friendly. Desk staff excellent.Location is also very good. View from balcony of my room on 15th floor enthralled the kids. Hotel is clean..Staff are excellent and general area is good. Denis the doorman is the greatest.	
Jun 7 2006	Mostly plus. Some minus.	I feel I owe Trip Advisor this review as I did find the Shelburne on their pages. I can only recommend the place really. Our family of four stayed 4 nights in mid-February in a 1 bedroom suite. On the positive side........The hotel is very well situated. Only a few blocks from Grand Central from where you can easily get to anywhere you wish. Many attractions, such as Times Square or the Empire State Building are within walking distance. The immediate location, whilst not being particularly attractive, is safe enough. We were quite happy walking out after dark.The hotel staff were welcoming and helpful, and the doormen friendly and chatty.Cleanliness and maid service was good.There were some reasonable restaurants in the vicinity and the 'Rare' bar in the hotel specialises in freshly made burgers in many varieties. Breakfast in there was also good, or you could walk out to one of the many local establishments.The room sizes are exceptional. Not all of them had a view, ours looked onto an inner courtyard, but you will be pushed to find more space in a New York hotel without paying twice the money. Two queen beds plus a pull out double sofa in the lounge. There was also an en-suite bathroom and a kitchen with fridge and cooker.The building itself is, perhaps, 80 years old but this does give it a solid feel and cuts down the noise.Value for money was outstanding. Admitedly we booked through Expedia, and stayed in February, but we got an exceptional deal on the room. (BTW - I would strongly recommend New York out of season. All the art galleries, the Empire State etc. No crowds and no queues.)Now the downside.................The Shelburne is scheduled for refurbishment (in 2007?) and you could see why. Many of the fixtures and fittings were showing signs of wear and tear. Originally good quality they were no longer at their best. The kitchen fittings were a bit battered but clean, some lights didn't work and we had to plug a gap in the window that was blowing a gale through. These sort of things didn't bother us too much as the underlying quality is still there, you could even say they add character, but they would bother some people.It being Winter the rooftop bar was closed, but access to the roof itself was limited to the 'deluxe' suites on the top floor. This was contrary to the hotel description which had made the rooftop a feature.Overall though New York was great and our trip was made all the more interesting as it coincided with the City's record snowfall. Next time we go we will certainly check out the Shelburne first.	
Jun 7 2006 	Going Back for a Third Time!	This was our second visit, having also stayed at the Shelburne in April 2005 and we intend to make this an annual event. I agree with other reviews in that the hotel is a little 'tired' but it doesn't detract from the excellent service, enormous rooms (1 bedroom with 2 queen beds - the beds are so comfortable and there is also a pillow menu) which easily allows for family of 3 or 4, plus guest(s) on living room sofa bed. The living room is also massive and very comfortable and as well as comfortable sofas and armchairs, has extendable dining table and chairs. There are many wardrobes/cupboards so all the clothes, cases and shopping can be hidden away (together with the iron and ironing board provided). The kitchen facilities are fantastic - where else would you get dishwasher/large oven/hob/enormous fridge-freezer/coffee machine/microwave, etc? Cutlery, crockery, glassware are also provided and ample coffee/tea provisions are topped up daily as are dishwasher tablets and tea towels. The bathrooms are small but very clean and adequate and there are plenty of complimentary toiletries. The two bed rooms are extremely spacious, consisting of 2 double rooms, 2 bathrooms, extra large living/dining area and kitchen. Try to get a room with view of Empire State which adds to the NY buzz and the Chrysler Building is a few minutes walk up road, opposite Grand Central Station. Fantastic views of both from roof. (The roof bar is closed in April) A recent addition to the Shelburne is The Den - a relaxing, modern lounge area and our two younger members loved the gym. Best place for stocking up provisions is from D'Agostini's deli which is around the corner on E37th/3rd Ave. - great quality food and open late - they also deliver. The Rare Bar downstairs has great food at reasonable prices (try the basket of assorted fries and chocolate bread pudding - not necessarily together). Another handy place to eat is Hudson Place on corner of 36th/3rd - large menu and good prices. The area is a residential oasis just minutes from most tourist attractions and feels safe any time of day or night and is more than adequately provided for by delis, restaurants, bagel bars, etc. We feel 'at home' at the Shelburne and can't wait to return next year.	
Jun 1 2006 	Amazing value...	Any review that has included negative words is strickly on a cosmetic basis. This is a hotel that provides excellent service (the doorman even tips his hat to you, gets you a cab, etc.) and the room size is second to none in NYC. It's true...the rooms are totally outdated. The curtains are hideous, the carpet is ugly as anything I've ever seen, but you can swing a golf club without hitting anything in the room. Close to the empire state building, it's a stone's throw away from numerous tourist attractions. And the kicker...the best rooftoop bar I've seen in a long time. It has an amzing view of the MET Life building and the drinks go down nice and smooth. Hope this helps!	
Jun 1 2006	Very Nice	We just returrned from a five day stay over the Memorial Day weekend at the Shelburne Murray Hill and found it to be above average in every possible category. For the price range, the hotel was truly a comfortable, dead quiet, spacious, child friendly, and professionally run establishment. I should say that we were a tad bit nervous about relying solely on TripAdvisor comments when making our reservations, but found them to be accurate upon arrival. Although unlike several previous posts about late after noon room cleaning, we were surprised to find the room staff came by each morning, no later than 9am to clean our rooms thoroughly. Also, we really liked the smaller, european feel and style of the hotel and particularly liked the Murray Hill location which is in proximity to the main attractions, or at least a quick jaunt to the subway and the Grand Central Station. Also, we had a nice kitcehnette which enabled us to shop our first night there and stock up on snacks, beverages and breakfast items so that we could better splurge on lunch and dinner. One, last thing. we had requested a top floor room for better city views, and we got a 9th floor room with some good views of the city and the Empire State building. Yes, it could use some very minor modifications, but still, we found it to be an attractive and clean establishment which we'd plan on returning to again. And yes, the restaurant burgers really are some of the best I've tasted anywhere!	
Jun 1 2006	Good Location Great Room	I stayed in the Shelburne for 5 nights. The room was a studio and was very spacious. I would say that this was a comfortable stay. The bar on the roof is great for views. I found the staff in the hotel to be quite friendly although there was a mix up when we arrived over our booking. So always call your hotel in advance before you arrive. Trust me I do this every time now. As for location, it was great. You have the Chrysler Building just around the corner and the empire state building is literally just a couple of minutes walk. You can walk to time square easily enough, its great for a base. All in all good hotel, nice rooms and good location.	
May 31 2006	Great Hotel	Booked a last minute single room at the Shelburne and got the biggest room I've ever had in New York, including a kitchen and a bathroom that you can actually turn round in. Stayed at many hotels in NYC and this one is excellent, far better than the so called 4*s around Times Sq and much better value.. Good reception staff who actually seem to care (amazing), walking distance of Empire State and located in a nice area...defininately gets my vote.	
May 23 2006	Highly recommended	Just returned from a 3-nite stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill--everything was &quot;as promised,&quot; with pleasant surprises of a super-friendly staff, size and even airy feel of room [we had 2 beds], and quality of renovation. I used to have a luxury apt.-share in Midtown, so everything is weighed against that, but I would recommend the SMH in a minute.	
May 21 2006	Had a great time.	My wife and I stayed for a week in May and would certainly stop there again.The location is good. Walking North directly in front of you is the Chrysler Building and that is the Nearest Metro Station (6 minutes walk) and 4 blocks south (on 34th Street) you have the empire State Building. One stop from the Chrysler Building (on the 7 line) is Times Square and the Theatre District or if you prefer this is a 20 minutes (gentle) walk away.The Hotel is very clean and House keeping is good. The externals of the building are in need of a clean and there giant flags have seen better days also the carpeting in the corridors is old and could do with replacing. But to be honest none of this distracts from the quality of your stay. The Bar Restaurant on the ground floor “Rare” is very good and popular with non residents of an evening. Rare view is the Roof Top bar with is also popular but is closed when the weather isn’t too good.We found the reception staff to be friendly and helpful but we didn’t have any problems for them to solve. Denis the Concierge is first class. If you are new in Town let him guide you, you won’t be disappointed.The rooms are all big and even the smallest ones have a kitchenette facility with sink and Fridge and a really comfy arm chair and foot stool which are all very useful. You can get all the usual stuff through you room TV. Movies, basic internet, games and all your account information. The rooms are also rigged for Wireless Internet. There is also internet in the Lounge (or Den as they call it) on the ground floor. Be aware that all of the rooms at the rear of the Hotel look onto other Hotel rooms, meaning effectively use don’t have a view. But all rooms have total privacy screens which leave the drapes in place which was a nice touch. The Den is really nice and mostly empty. There are three free Newspapers available everyday and room service will deliver them to your room for the price of a Tip.A lot of business people stay here so it has a formal feel to it, this becomes a lot more relaxed at the weekend. But don’t be put off by this it still has a homely quality.Can’t really fault it. It is probably the fact that it needs a bit of a refit that is keeping the price sensible. Stay at this Hotel, you won’t be disappointed unless of course you expect five Star quality for three star money.	
May 8 2006	So-So	Hotel was just Okay. I guess I was expecting something a little more updated and clean for the price we paid-but hey-thats NYC for ya! Housekeeping did not come until after 4pm. I was ready to come back to a cleaned room with my kids to take a nap. Great location, great burger joint downstairs if you like meat. Rooms were OK, not that clean,and certainly outdated. Could use some updating as well as the bathrooms. Tub had no drain stop and I was paranoid about bugs coming up through there! One plus-the bed was HEAVENLY!!!!!Have a great time in the Big Apple...	
May 4 2006 	A quiet escape in Midtown	The Shelburne Murray Hill was a very reasonable place to stay in the Midtown area. Yes, it's technically in the Murray Hill part of NYC but you're so close to Grand Central Terminal and the Empire State Building, it's hard to differentiate.We had a one bedroom for us and our two kids (11 months and 2 years old). The main bed was amazing! Great sheets, very comfortable padding and mattress. Unfortunately, the pullout sofabed for our toddler should have been left on the street corner for the garbage trucks. The sofa itself was fine but the bed contraption was practically dangerous with all the broken parts and non-existant springs. Aside from that, the room was great. The kitchen was very usable with a real stove/oven and full sized fridge, a nuker, and a dishwasher. The cabinets were metal and a bit &quot;harsh&quot; but still did their job.The front desk folks were very friendly and I liked the doormen wearing the fedoras (hats). We tired the hotel's restaraunt &quot;Rare&quot; for both the breakfast and dinner. The breakfast buffet was typical of any business hotel with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, french toast, and pastries-- nothing special. For dinner they have been voted the best burger in NYC. The burgers were somewhat unique (try the sampler plate) but I'm sure you could find a better burger without too much searching.Loved the views from the rooftop... especially at night because you could see both the Empire State and Chrysler buildings lit up. Very energizing and even surreal when the fog is in!All in all a good place to stay.	
May 2 2006	Excellent but in need of a facelift	This was our second stay at the Shelburne in the past year. There are several things about this hotel that made us stay a second time:1. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in every way2. The rooms are HUGE beyond comparison to every other hotel in New York and the cost for a room this size cannot be beat3. The rooms are extremely quiet. This is a 1920's building with solid plaster and masonry walls. I never hear anything nextdoor or above me, which is fantastic4. The beds are extremely comfortable, even inviting with down comforters and pillows5. The location can't be beat. Only a couple blocks from Grand Central and 5th Avenue. We used the subway every day and also walked to many locations in the city (including Central Park, a bit of a hike, but well worth the effort)Here are a few negatives that concern me, but probably won't keep me from going back due to the above positives:1. The rooms are in need of a facelift and are looking a bit 'shabby.' Carpet was getting worn, furniture was banged up, etc.2. Compared to last year's stay, our room was not as clean when we arrived. Needed a bit of a dustingAgain, the couple of negatives won't keep me away. If they could be consistent with their housekeeping and do a makeover, this would be A+. Right now, I'd give it a B+	
May 1 2006	Lovely hotel	A lovely small hotel within easy reach of all local attractions on Manhattan. Breakfast at hotel very tasty but basic and resonably priced. Rare restaurant served excellent value for money food and the burgers are to die for. Only had to wait any length of time once but it is a very popular venue for socialising. Room very comfortable and quiet for New York. Went to this hotel on an exchange with Disney Timeshare and they do not use rubbish or want their name associated with rubbish.Wonderful view from the roof shame the bar did not open until 1st May 2006 Will certainly use again in 3 years when Freedom Tower is complete. Stayed 14/04/2006 21/04/2006 Chris and Pat Goddard	
Apr 29 2006	Comfortable and Quiet	Stayed for 2 nights. Sent in an email a few days before arrival to confirm booking, and ensure we could get a non-smoking room, preferably with a view. The response only confirmed the booking, and a second email to them yielded no response. Once at the hotel, I found out that there was no indication of our email requests either. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The beds were great and it was quite, so we had a great sleep. Room service was prompt to deliver extra blankets. The sauna/fitness center is located in the basement, the hallway leading there could use some attention, as it feels like you have entered a backroom or employee only area.Unfortunately the sauna wasn't on, and we didn't want to wait for it to heat up, so we left. Looked like a good assortment of exercise equipment.Grand Central Station is close and the Empire State Building is within walking distance too. We would come back to this hotel again; there is a nice 'Den&quot; on the main floor with wide screen tv and reading materials.	
Apr 19 2006	Great value for money	Found this hotel here on Tripadvisor and must say all reviews are accurate. We stayed 4 nights in &quot;Studio Suite&quot; and loved it. The room was spacious, cleaned every day and with almoust no street sound. We walked alot to times sqare, shopping at 5th ave. and Madison - the location is perfect. The staff was very friendly. Only negative was the cleaning staf that woke us up at 10 in the morning (!). But maybe that was a good thing as well :). We recomend this hotel to everyone travelling to NY.	
Apr 14 2006	Great stay and location	This was a great little find! I was lead to this place from Trip Advisor........ Thanks! Found a great rate $199 directly through the hotel website. We had a sparkling clean room on the 12th floor overlooking the Chryssler Building, great sheets, clean bathroom (water pressure not great), the kitchen would have been great if we stayed longer (only there one night). Staff was nice, safety was of no concern, and the lobby/TV room was comfortable and inviting. I stayed with 2 teen girls and we had a great stay! We walked to Times Square several times, the location can't be beat! Shopping paradise, and sights galore here.	
Apr 12 2006 	Friendly staff lovely neighborhood	I stay at the Shelburne Murray Hill for business several times a year. The rooms range from a standard, somewhat small typical hotel room, to very large, apartment-like suites with full kitchens, some with balconies. The views are spectacular, and the front desk staff and doormen have been very friendly, no matter what time I arrive, no exceptions. The rooms are somewhat old, which you see most in the kitchen appliances and the tiling in the bathroom. This is not a modern hotel, but I do find it to be very comfortable. The bedding is terrific, and I appreciate the choice of specialty pillows that can arranged simply by calling housekeeping. Room service is prompt and very reasonable for NY. Lunch and dinner are best - the calamari is wonderful, as are the many choices of burgers from the restaurant downstairs. I do not recommend breakfast - it is a prix fixe buffet for around $12 - you can get fresher, made to order, and less expensive food at any of the small cafes nearby. If you are traveling with a family, I would think you would find the suite rooms particularly comfortable - once I stayed in a room that had two separate bedrooms and bathrooms, full kitchen, sitting room, and dining table. Finally, not to be missed is the rooftop bar - excellent view!! You do need your room key to be permitted in, and when they are full the doormen may be picky if you are trying to bring in a number of &quot;local&quot; friends on one room key. All in all, I recommend the Shelburne unless you are looking for something brand new and modern.	
Apr 5 2006	Loved the Hotel and Location	Stayed at this Hotel in September 2005 and found it to be very nice, room was big, bed was massive. Coming from Amsterdam where there was no Fridge, Air Conditioning it was a relief to see them in the room.Location is everything easy to get to places. Plenty of Restaurants and shops close by easy walk to Time Square and around the streets of New YorkStaff where very friendly and pleasant you must also check out the bar on the roof that looks over the skyline great views of Chrysler building and Empire State Building	
Apr 4 2006	Excellent Stay!	A group of us (7 girls) stayed at the Shelburne March 11-15. We had an excellent experience while staying there. The room was huge for a NYC hotel, 2 bedrooms each with 2 queen beds, a living room with sleeper sofa, love seat and kitchen table and chairs, and a kitchen with everything you need. There were also 2 bathrooms (very important with 7 women!) and 3 televisions. We have stayed at 4 different locations in NYC on different trips, and this one was by far the best all around. We were only a 5min walk from Grand Central Station, which we used daily to access the entire island. There were several small grocery stores and restaurant within walking distance. The neighborhood was very safe, and we were out several evenings late (12am). The staff were all very helpful and friendly at all times! We had blast in NYC, and having an large apartment to be able to seperate from the group for a while if needed was the best. The view from the roof was outstanding, the two ten year olds and two 17 year olds with us also loved it. When we return to NYC, we will deffinitely stay at the Shelburne again.	
Apr 3 2006	A kool New York Hotel	Me and my wife stayed at the Shelburne for a week from the 4 feb 06.NYC was freezing but a warm welcome every time we got to the Shelburne.The staff was freindly and helpfull and always very polite.The bar was kool and packed after office hours,always freindly.Good location for most places,Empire State,Chrisler and Times square's not that far.Breakfast as got be at Sarge's on 3rd AV sit down and they serve you not like the self service joints on Lexington.3rd AV as it all, good places to eat,try the Greek on about 32 &amp; 3rd,Hudsons bar and Earls Diner for chicken and ribs and the NY sports bars on 3rd rule Go back 2morrow if I could.	
Mar 26 2006	Very Pleasant Very Safe	As a single senior on a business trip, I was concerned about safety, comfort, convenience and cost. The Shelburne Murray Hill was above average on all these. Although the price changed on the third night of my stay, having a studio with a kitchen saved on meals and helped to stretch the budget. If you're looking to eat out, just walk east down to 3rd Avenue and there are a wealth of wonderful little restaurants.	
Mar 22 2006	The most comfortable beds ever!!!!	This place may be tired on the decor but when you're in New York City....who's gonna be looking at the hotel decor when you have the Empire State Building at your doorstep!!! After long hours of exploring the Big Apple, it was nice to come back to a clean and quiet hotel where the staff are amazing and the beds make you feel like you're sleeping on clouds. Go up to the 16th floor and let your jaw drop down to the floor with amazement at the view! I would recommend this hotel for anyone who's looking for comfort and great value for money, right in the heart of midtown manhattan!!! Thanks and I'll be back again very soon I hope!!!	
Mar 20 2006	Love love love this hotel	Just got back from a week at this hotel (March 13-16). From the moment we arrived we felt welcomed. Denis, the doorman, was so kind to us and our baby daughter. We arrived before 3 p.m. and were given a room with one bed (queen) but were given the option to wait. We chose not to. So for one night we all slept in the one bed. The room was very comfortable and the bed was excellent. The next day we were moved to a room with two queen beds. The room was larger (9Q) and we loved it. In their defense if we had waited we would have gotten this room for the first night. Everywhere we went in the hotel, every employee said hello and was very helpful. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The kitchen was great for our little family and sure made breadfast very easy. The water pressure was perfect. The size of the room was so awesome. For those easily awakened by street noise, make sure you get a room not facing Lexington. We heard the noise but frankly we were so tired we slept just fine. There was no noise from neighboring guests. We will definately stay here again and hope to again next year.	
Mar 15 2006	Great Hotel regardless of the price!	I stayed at the Shelburne from 11-14th March '06 with my girlfriend for her 21st birthday...and what a stay! We were looking for a hotel around the £100 a night price and we were restricted to box-sized rooms, until we found the Shelburne. We arrived early around 2pm, however this was no problem for the staff who checked us in straight away and directed us to our room, on the way every member of staff including all the chambermaids said hello and helped direct us to our room. In general the staff herewere superb and very helpful in every way. The rooms were of good size, comfy beds and well equiped. Hotel location was good, quiter than Midtown but not too far away from all the action! We would definately return to the Shelburne and recommend them to anyone, we really enjoyed our stay, just wish it wasn't so short!! email me if you would like to find out more!	
Mar 5 2006	Loved the Shelburne	My sister &amp; I recently spent 4 weeks in the USA, we are from NZ &amp; Australia. We arrived at the Radisson Maingate Anaheim on the 19th Dec.Our room was quite large 2 double beds, good size bathroom. Coffee maker in room which is good if you drink coffee but they also need to have an electric kettle for guests who drink tea (which was the same in all the hotels that we stayed in, 5 in total, I think that a bar fridge would also be useful).We flew to NY &amp; 10 nights at The Shelburne Murrray Hill, Dec 23 until Jan 2. Really pleased with the hotel, our room had 2 double beds &amp; a kitchen which was a pleasant surprise, staff very friendly &amp; good location. We then flew to New Orleans &amp; stayed at The Omni Royal in the French quarter. Room was not as big as the Shelburne but staff very friendly as were the people of New Orleans. Next stop SF &amp; the Union Hotel, very small room but comfortable beds, they were in the process of renovations. Good location.Next stop Santa Barbara at the Holiday Inn Express on Haley Street good location, the room was quite big, bathroom very big, staff friendly. All in all we had a fabulous time &amp; all the hotels were in very good locations for what we wanted. Would probably stay in the same hotels again if we ever get the chance to go back	
Mar 4 2006	Fine hotel fine staff	My wife and I chose the Shelburne Murray Hill after careful consideration and seeking the advice of Andy who posted a review here.We chose wisely. The Shelburne is ideally situated with many of main attractions within walking distance.We had a studio suite which was excellent with a close-up view of what I consider is N.Y's most aesthetic skyscraper -the Chrysler Building.The hotel staff were first class. When my wife told reception that that our comprehensively kitted kitchen didn't have a kettle (she likes her cup of tea in the morning)one was supplied within two minutes.Also, when one night the occupant of the suite next door had her TV wall-shatteringly loud, our complaint was acted on - again within two minutes - when reception despatched a security guard to sort it out.We loved New York and the Shelburne, with its attentive staff, played a major part in a wonderful holiday.One of the doormen told me the hotel was due to be refurbished in the summer. I have mixed feelings about that. The hotel is one of New York's oldest with a European feel and a faded elegance that I enjoy. But I'm sure the renovations won't spoil the ambience.We're going back in May next year and will be staying at the Shelburne.	
Feb 27 2006	Could do better	The Shelburne is a nice hotel, not great but certainly value for money. The decor is a little tired however the rooms are spacious and clean. A renovation of the rooms would give this hotel a much higher rating and the potential of providing a truly memorable stay.We stayed in a two-bed suite and I have too say that the beds are as comfortable as you will find anywhere. The bathroom is very cramped and the fittings are dated however as with the rest of the hotel it is kept very clean. The kitchen is very useful but lacks a lot of basic utensils such as a baking tray (for heating up food from the deli!) and a kettle.The staff came across on the whole as friendly and deserved any tip given (apart from one Doorman who appeared to have his hand out even if he only opened the door.... he was only there for the first 2 nights but the rest were excellent)The only real grumble I have is with the restaurant,&quot;Rare&quot;, which is attached to the hotel. The food is okay (if you like burgers and don't go in there for breakfast) but be very careful with how they charge for room service. The Hotel does not own them yet they can charge direct to your room, which can lead to complications if you pay cash. We were double charged for a meal that we had paid cash for as they had added it onto the room number. We only discovered this when we checked out and nothing had been signed for. The hotel sorted this out for us but they did explain that the restaurant was not their responsibility.	
Feb 27 2006	Fabulous Hotel	Ok so where do I start. This hotel is fabulous. From the second we arrived and were greeted at the door by the very frindly and helpful doorman we knew that the hotel was going to be great. We arrived about an hour early to check in so we went to the restuarant for some food. I had the rare burger which was the best I have ever eaten it was lovely, not too pricey compared to other hotels. We checked in and the receptionist was very helpful and polite and it only took about 5 minutes even though there were lots of people checking in at the same time. This was our 3rd visit to NYC and we were used to very (very) small rooms but our room was huge with all the space we could need only downfall was no wardrobe but really what does that matter!! Excellent location just up the road from Crysler building, Grand Central, Empire State building, Times Square and 5th Avenue Shopping, all are within a 10 minute walk. Loads of nice deli's around for cheaper food to eat in your room (in the godsend of a kitchen!) but if you want a supermarket your best bet is to go to the Whole Foods center at Columbus Circle in The Time Warner Building, bit of a trek but only a few dollars in a cab. We loved this hotel and were very comfortable, and felt incredibly safe. There is a nice Library with good books, widescreen TV and and the Internet too which is nice to relax in. We would definately consider staying here next time we visit the city.	
Feb 21 2006	Bad news/Good news	We spent the past 3 day weekend at the Shelburne Murray Hill. We are 3 friends visiting the city. I called the hotel and booked 2 nights in a 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen-sized beds and a pull-out sofa. When we arrived at 11 AM we were told that we would be in a king suite and that our 'request' of two queens was just that - a 'request'. The person at the desk informed us in no uncertain terms that 'many people want 2 queen beds, m'am' and that there were none. I told her that it was more than just a 'request' and was a 'reservation' and that I wouldn't have booked if there was no availability. She was very short with us and disinterested and when I requested that we get a discounted rate because they could not honor our reservation she shrugged and said, &quot;We don't charge by the bed, m'am.&quot; In other words, &quot;Take it or leave it.&quot; She then offered us a rollaway for an extra $30! When I told her that we shouldn't have to pay extra for this she said again that we would be charged an extra $30! There was no attempt at accomodation until someone (the manager?) walked up behind her with a clipboard. Immediately her attitude completely changed and she offered to send us to one of their other hotels that did have what we had requested. We had theater matinee tickets and didn't want to schlep our luggage all over town, so did not accept this alternative. At that point, with clipboard-person watching over her shoulder, she said that the pull-out couch would be made up and that we would not be charged for the rollaway. Fine. Well, when it was time for bed we discovered that the pull-out had not been made up! After 3 calls over the course of an hour asking for sheets, blankets, and pillows for the bed and no bedding in sight, at 1AM I went down to the lobby with my coat over my pajamas and stood at the front desk until one measly sheet, blanket, and pillow were finally produced. So I hauled them up to our room and had to make a decision - sleep on the bare mattress with the sheet over me or sleep on the one sheet with no sheet on top. Not happy......Long story shorter and the good news: after a call to the hotel manager the next morning we were given a room with 2 queens and were comped the second night. This was very nice and at this point they were very gracious but I won't stay there again.	
Feb 7 2006	absolutely recommend this hotel	Ok, i just dont know where to start as the Shelbourne is just truley a great stay. Firstly, i like to say i booked this through the great reviews it had on Trip Advisor and they certainly werent wrong. In a nutshell, the rooms are really spacious and CLEAN, the staff at the Shelbourne are just truley out of this world, so helpful, kind and nothing was too much for them.Location is good too, two blocks from Times Square (10mins walk). Theres also a great cafe just down and across the road, they do a great tea. All in all if in doubt where to stay book the Shelbourne Murray Hotel.	
Feb 5 2006 	Fantastic hotel for the price	When I travel to New York on charity business, I always try to save money and find the best value hotel in a central location. Sometimes, I have to put up with mediocrity! Not so with the Shelburne. For the money I paid, it was such good value. I was greeted by an exceptionally helpful receptionist, who explained all the facilities of the hotel (quite unusual these days!). The first night I did not sleep too well due to a noisy extractor fan. I mentioned this to the receptionist, who had a word with the manager. As they did not have any more single rooms, I was upgraded to a suite! Although I am not fond of burgers, I have to admit that the &quot;Rare bar&quot; restaurant, which specialises in them, does in fact serve great food. The &quot;Mexican&quot; variety was the best I have tasted. All the rooms in the hotel are really &quot;apartments&quot; with their own kitchen, so it is easy to prepare your own breakfast, especially because the wonderful Grand Central Market is just up the road. In fact, the location of the hotel could not be better - I was able to walk to all my meetings and when I needed to take a train, Grand Central was just a few minutes walk away. Will definitely return to this hotel as long as they have such good deals!	
Jan 30 2006	Just Amazing 	An amazing hotel, great service, great hotel, very clean and and well kept, my gf and I stayed there for a week from Switzerland and we just loved itit is located in a very nice tourist area of mahatan too	
Jan 29 2006	Wonderful hotel	I booked this hotel based on the reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed. From the time we were dropped off at the front door we were made feel welcome and the staff deserve praise for their attention to us the &quot;customers&quot;. The room was ideal and we were on the 9th floor which was great. We had a three year old with us and the suites are ideal for families. I will certainly stay in this hotel again. We had a fantistic time in New York and certainly the Shelburne had a huge part in the enjoyment of our holiday.Thanks++++++++++++++	
Jan 13 2006 	Great price but aerage hotel	First the best part--the doormen and the rest of the staff was great. Helpful, bright and funny. We were on the 17th floor, but unfortunately looked out on a light well, so no view. The room was comfortable enough, especially the bed, but the furniture looked like my grandmother's, and there was nowhere to sit other than the desk chair and the bed. It's nice to have an extra chair. The kitchen seemed fine, though we didn't use it. The bathroom was OK, though the shower was kind of wimpy.The buffet breakfast was lousy. Cold sausages, and tasteless eggs and French toast. We went elsewhere the next morning for breakfast, and found a nearby diner that was great. Location fine for walking to Grand Central and other Murray Hill attractions, but it's not our favorite neighborhood. The hotel was chosen for us due to its proximity to a work event. We'd probably stay at a different Affinia hotel (Affinia 50?) next time.	
Jan 9 2006	Well Pleased..	Originally booked the Radisson Lexington but changed last minute as the reviews weren't so good.Arrived about 2pm on 26.12.05 and able to book in immediately. Offered choice of rooms so chose a queen-bed room on 10th floor.Clean and spacious room, very comfy bed/pillows, everything working. Air-con a little noisy but didn't leave on overnight as room temperature ok.No bath but very good shower.Decor bit dated - could have done with a lick of paint, but cleanliness and comfort more important to me. No noise within hotel but quite noisy outside (well it is New York so acceptable)Fantastic view of Empire State from room, also up onto roof for amazing day/night views.Excellent location for shopping/ sightseeing etc. Tip - buy the fast pass if you're going up the Empire State Building. The extra money is well worth dodging the 2+ hour queues. Grand Central Station good 5 mins walk - subway and buses excellent and metrocards a bargain. We used a metrocard to go down to the Staten Island ferry terminal, hopped on a bus to the top of Central Park and strolled back down through it, also numerous journeys on the Times Square shuttle. Excellent 'Old Bridge' deli just out of hotel and up a couple of blocks on the right. Cafe Metro fantastic for breakfast in same direction. 'Rare' restaurant in hotel very lively and burgers very good.If you've been shopping all day in Macys don't eat in their restaurant - its bland and uninteresting.We found all staff very friendly and helpful at the Shelburne as we did all New Yorkers - they are truly nice, polite people.All in all a very good hotel experience in an amazing city.	
Jan 3 2006	Absolutely great Hotel for comfort and location	I stayed at this hotel based on the reviews given by other people on this site and was not disappointed. My boyfriend and I arrived on the 14th December, two hours earlier than the check-in time and had phoned the hotel in advance to let them know. They were great they stored our luggage while we waited, so we went sightseeing to the empire state building only 5 minutes away. On coming back the reception staff were very friendly and got us our luggage and room key. I was expecting a nice room but not what we got. There was two king size beds with a separate kitchenette and bathroom, all very clean and very spacious, even though we only booked a king studio!!. We even had a view of the empire state building on the third floor. The room was cleaned everyday to a high standard and the staff in the entire hotel were very helpful and friendly. The doormen in particular were nice and talked to us when we passed by everyday. We had no problems during the stay and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a good location (most sights are within a 10 block radius, easily walkable) and a very comfy stay. Excellent!!! :)	
Jan 2 2006	mediocre shelburne	We booked a four night stay at the Shelburne in a two bederrom suite. We did this based on our friends experience withprevious stays at the affinia chain. First the good news. The apartment was spacious, clean, and relatively well equiped. Now for the bad news. The rooms were not ready upon our arrival at check in time and we had to check back in with them. The doorman was not in sight upon our arrival and i needed to search him out to have our vehicle valet parked. This was done promptly. There is no guaranteeof the type of beedding inthe suite and despite the large space there were two queen beds and a fold out sofa for our party of married couple and teen girl and 21 yr old son. Needless to say the fold out sofa was so bad oly a young child could sleep in it.They did graciously bring us a very nice roll away bed. Thedecor was ok ,somewhat dated.They had us on the 4th floor so there was some street noise. One bit of annoyance was that the card keys didnt work for on of the interior doors of the suite. I needed to go to the front desk at 11pmalong with another customer having similar problems. I rode the elevator up with someone to unlock the door. The workout room was in the basement next to the laundry. Not elegant, but ok. Laslly, It wasnt cheap. Although 2 bedrrom suite in ny are hard to come by the cost was about $650/night with tax for a so-so suite in a not premium time period.	
Dec 26 2005	A nice stay	We stayed at the Shellburne beginning Dec 15.We made the reservations earlier in the spring of same year. We requested a suite on a high floor.We kept calling periodically to try and secure a higher floor suite. They did tell us most times they could not guarantee it but they made note of it.We arrived early (forgot about check-in times being late afternoon)and were able to have our bags stored if possible but a suite happened to be available.It was a corner unit on a high floor.Not sure what other floors or rooms look like but when we come back--we will definitely stay there again--but only if we can get a corner suite. (not sure how possible that would be)The price was extremely high in my opinion, however, the suite seemed more like a two-bedroom apartment, complete with entire kitchen, dining room, living room area, and two decent size bedrooms. One bedroom had a king size bed. Bathrooms were very small and cold but the staff was able to get us a portable heater and that made all the difference. We would definitely stay there again but actually, only if we could have the same suite.	
Dec 22 2005 	Did I stay at the same hotel???	I was very excited to be booked at this hotel after reading the postings and viewing the website. Upon checking in, I was given a room on the 4th floor. The room was small and outdated, which wasn't too much of a problem. The paint on the ceiling and walls were peeling off, and the toilet never stopped &quot;running&quot;. Worst was the fact that the walls were paper thin and the people in the next room were talking until after 2am. I could hear their conversations as if they were in the same room. Given that I had a morning meeting, that made the hotel unbearable. Also, I asked for a wake up call, which I never got. Thankfully the alarm clock worked! For the cost of the room, it was definitely NOT worth it! I've stayed at holiday inns that were much nicer.The staff was very nice and the location was good for where I needed to be for my meeting. I would NOT prefer to stay here again, though.	
Dec 14 2005	A dose of realism	I booked this hotel for a four night stay at the beginning of December 2005 based largely on the glowing reviews posted on this site. I wasn't expecting perfection but I was expecting more than I got.I made the booking back in July 2005 and made some fairly simple requests; non-smoking, a high floor, a king bed and a view if possible (it was worth a try!). I informed the hotel that we would be late arrivals (about midnight) and re-confirmed my booking and requests 4 days before arrival. All well and good. However, when we arrived at the hotel it all went downhill. The clerk at the desk barely acknowledged us and then tried to put us in a second floor (UK first floor) room. When I pointed out my requirment for a high floor, which I could see clearly noted on the booking form that he had, he grudingly put us on the 8th floor (bear in mind that this is a 16 floor hotel). There was no help with our bags so we struggled up to our room alone, to find it was on a smoking floor. We got into our room to find it was the smallest, pokiest room on the floor (verified by the fire exit plan on the back of the door). The window was wide open (it was minus 2 degrees outside) and there was dust thick enough to write my name in on top of the TV (I did). The window was very small, let in no natural light during the day and looked out onto a wall. I complained to the front desk to be told it was the only room available. We put up with it. Staff were consistenly grumpy and never acknowledged us upon entering or leaving the hotel. Check-out was perfunctory to say the least.To be fair, we spent very little time in the room and it served its purpose. However, after reading the hyperbolic reviews on this site, I had expected more and so I wanted to to add my view. The beds were comfy, the kitchenette was fine with a fridge, coffee maker (with coffee provided daily), toaster, microwave, crockery and utensils. The bathroom was small but functional. The decor was OK but some of the fitments were a little worn / outdated. All of which I had anticpated. Location was good and the Rare restauarnt was nice too. What ticked me off was that the staff were surly and none of my advcance requests were met (not one). I complained (politely) and was rebuffed. Affinia sent me a customer questionnaire and I detailed my issues and have yet to receive a response. Which seems typical of their attitude.If you have booked here, you needn't be afraid, it is not a bad hotel - 3 stars, good location, comfy rooms and reasonably well-equipped. Just don't expect wonders - for every person who lucks out with the views, the friendly staff etc., there's some one like me, who didn't!	
Dec 10 2005	Loved the Shelburne!	Booked this hotel after several recommendations from people who have stayed at other Affinia properties in NY. Booked a two bedroom suite and was not disappointed. Four of us had plenty of room to move about and we loved having the lounge area after a long day of shopping! Kitchen was well equipped and we enjoyed being able to buy basic provisions and take care of ourselves instead of having to eat out all the time. We were in a corner suite at the front of the hotel so it was a little bit noisy at night but not enough to ruin our stay. Checking in was a little chaotic (it was the busiest weekend in NY December 2 - 4) but cannot commend the staff enough for handling it all with tact and diplomacy. Had a minor setback checking out when our vehicle wouldn't start and even at 5 in the morning the staff went out of their way to help us. Highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Nov 28 2005	Excellent Room Size For New York!	We stayed here for 5 nights in mid-November 2005. The only slight downside is the location - it is just a tiny bit out the way if you intend on being close to Times Square or getting around via subway.Better still, if you are travelling in from Newark, you can save yourself some money in taxi fees by using the Newark Liberty Airport Express - costs around $13 one-way and you are dropped a very short walk from the bus stop to the hotel.The rooms are great. You have your own kitchen area with a microwave, fridge and basic cutlery. If you're willing to pay $10 a day, then you can access the internet via WebTV. Tea and Coffee making facilities were a welcome sight too. We had a slightly noisy air con unit, but the bed was very comfy.Some nights were a little chilly in the room, as the air con/heater seemed to automatically determine how warm it thought you should be, depending on the outside temperature.The lifts tended to be a little crowded at times and slow. Our advice is to use the staircases if you are on a lower floor, as very often much quicker.The staff couldn't be more helpful (especially for New York). If you can get a deal on this hotel, then it comes recommended.	
Nov 25 2005	Great Stay	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in September, purely based on reviews on this website and was not disappointed. The hotel staff were always keen and willing to help in anyway they could. Our room was clean and spacious. Great location lots of delis and restaurants all within close walking distance, Grand Central subway station is 5 minutes down the road. Would definetly recommend this hotel if your looking for somewhere to stay in NY.	
Nov 22 2005	A good stay	I stayed at the Shelburne for the ING NYC Marathon week and definiteky was a good choice. I had to stay a week, and I wanted an hotel with a kitchen in the rooms, so this was my choice. The room is definitely big, with a nice living room and a big room with two queen size beds. The bed was definitely confortable and I slept very well on it. The bathroom wasn't so big but comfortable, the shower worked very well and never ran out of warm water. The furniture was not so new but absolutely decent for the prize, the moquette on the floor was ok, I had a TV in each room (but I didn't watch it, so I can't tell if there was Pay TV or anything else). I also had an ironing board and an iron, very useful for I love to personally iron my shirt on some details before putting them on and the laundries at the hotels don't do it as well as I like usually, so I appreciated the find. The kitchen was not very big but not bad, with both electric and microwave ovens, a large fridge and comfortanele cooking fires. You also get dishes, cutlery and some pans and pots. Bring a good kitchen knife if you need it, the one they provide was not a sharp one.They use to clean the room once a day. They always changed all the towels and i noticed they changed the sheets at least twice in a week, maybe more. The maid at my floor was very kind and whenever she accidentally found me inside the room (I often forgot the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign) she always asked me at what hour she wouldn't disturb us.The location is very convenient if you intend to use the subway: you're very close to Grand Central and all the lines are easily accessible from there. If you plan to use a taxi instead you'll better take a good planning of your week before deciding Murray Hill is the best place to stay. Anyway it's pretty close to Times Square, The Madison Square Garden, the Public Library and the Empire State Building.	
Nov 7 2005	A little gem that will grow on you just like New York	Stayed here for 5 nights at end October on recommendation by Trip Advisor reviewers. Like New York this hotel grew on me. Superbly situated in Murray Hill, near historic 1860's houses,within walking distance of all major sites in Uptown and Midtown, this little gem of an hotel did not disappoint. Whilst initially I was a little disappointed by my room (facing inwards towards other rooms) due its dated decor, the room was generous sizewise, homely and clean with a firm bed and soft pillows. The iron didnt work but staff immediately replaced it with a new one - they were extremly helpful throughout our stay. The view from the roof is awesome at night (Chrysler and Empire State Buildings) and the Rare Bar downstairs always busy and full of life. Blooms cafe (5 mins away) is the ideal place to have breakfast and is a New york institution. The hotel arranged a limo for $50 (same price as catching a yellow cab) back to the airport to finish off our stay in style. Would I stay there again - you bet!	
Nov 3 2005	Very nice place	Have to say found the place a great place for the money. Rooms were large enough and keep clean.Location was good, for a starting point for heading out, but didn't find it as good for the evening. Couple of downsidesFirst we orders a double room suite and was told due to the people checking out late it wasn't ready so we were put in two single suites and they would move our bags the following morning. In the end we told them we would stay in the two singles ones instead as we didn't fancy moving.Secondly, there was some work going on the building next to us and we kept getting woken up by the noise in the morning. Friends had a room facing the other way and had no problems.So overall it was a good experience and I've stayed at a few different places in New York.	
Nov 1 2005	It Can Only Get Worse Because This Is The Best!	Even if we could have done better, I would not have changed a thing. Our evening was near perfect at the Shelburne! I spent hours looking for the best hotel in the best location, but after struggling with the high $$$ hotels and millions of reviews, I just said enough. Click, click and it was booked.We probably scored a break because the desk clerk put us on the roof. What a fantastic upgrade! Empire State Bldg to the west, Chrysler bldg to the east, Times Square a few blocks away...such a fabulous view. Though the bar on the roof was closed for the season, it was still decorated nicely with flowers and lights. And the slight chill just made us get a little closer...Eddie the Doorman was extremely pleasant and helpful. Yes, I tipped nicely but it was a rare chance for the two of us to enjoy New York. All but one of the desk clerks were very nice, and the bellman was courteous as well.Our room was excellent in so many ways: Quiet, very spacious, comfortable, clean, decorated nicely, and of course, on the top floor. If this is typical for NY, then people should stop complaining. But I since we hit the mother-load.Of course, you want to hear the complaints. Only two related to the hotel. First, the desk clerk recommended &quot;Gallagher's Steakhouse&quot; before our Broadway show. It was pricey and plain, all at the same time. Second, Eddie the Doorman helped us hail a taxi at rush hour. Obviously not the best location because 30 minutes later, we considered cancelling our dinner and just eat a quick bite before the show. Fortunately, Muhammed al Andretti showed up and wisked us away quicker than you can say, &quot;Is this review over yet?&quot;-Mike	
Oct 31 2005	Great location - we can't wait to return	We just returned from our first trip to NYC and had a blast. We had nothing to compare our hotel to since this was our first visit, but we enjoyed our stay immensely. The rooftop bar was not open but we enjoyed the view just the same. The &quot;Rare&quot; bar was a nice spot to enjoy after we walked all over. We took subways and found them easy and accessible from the Shelburne. We enjoyed Fagiolini's Restauarant just up the street (best cheesecake I have ever had). The food, service and price were all super.Libretto's on 3rd Avenue was a great little spot, too. The meatball sandwich hit the spot on a cool fall day.I would recommend this hotel and would return, although I would love to try the Benjamin (just not sure if it is worth the extra $$$).P.S. We saw &quot;Avenue Q&quot; at the Golden Theatre and loved it, too!	
Oct 26 2005	Be a New Yorker just for a day...	We stayed at the Shelburne in early October 2005 having seen positive reviews on this site and following many visits to NYC.The hotel is located in a 'real' local Manhattan district with super delis, cafes and even french cleaners but none of the plastic cacaphony of more traditional tourist quarters. It's safe and accessible as only 5 minutes walk away is Grand Central...with its connections everywhere.The rooms are massive by NY standards, the beds very comfortable, bathrooms clean and there's even a kitchen -a bit pointless in this town but nice to have. In many ways it feels more an apartment than hotel-type experience and you feel at home straight away. Yet the Shelburne is a hotel and its lobby is Ok and its relaxation lounge is stunning - however the highlight is the 16th floor open top roof bar which even in October was packed till late. Impress your NY friends by inviting them over for a cocktail under the Chrysler Building...We also ate at the 'rare' restaraunt and thought its classic american burgers and salads were excellent - even if the drinks are a little pricy. Take breakfasts at Blooms across the road where you get service with a Romanian smile...We noticed that W is opening across the street - great, it means the style junkies get ther fix while we can hog the real deal...	
Oct 16 2005	Loved this hotel will be back next year.	I just returned from an AWESOME girls weekend. Four girlfriends and I left our husbands with the kids and headed for NYC. It was our first time in NYC and let me tell you the staff at Shelburne made it easy. They were easy to talk to, they explained everything clearly, and they gave great directions. Time Square is walking distance, Canal Street is a cab ride away. The one bedroom was a great size. The bathroom was small but we made do. AC was a little weak so it was somewhat warm but we got by. The doorman was ready to hail a cab for us and tell the driver exactly where to take us. We were upgraded to a bigger room and given a complimentary bottle of wine. OH! and the staff at the Rare bar and grill were so friendly and the food was great. I didn't have the FAMOUS BURGERS but I has a cobb salad and it was GREAT. Our stay was amazing and the four of us will be back next year. We've decided our husbands go for a guy weekend every year, so we have Shelburne every year. Can't wait to go back. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.	
Oct 5 2005 	Perfect location	I stayed at this hotel for three nights in September for a conference in midtown Manhattan. It was more expensive than I had hoped for but that may have been partly because of the United Nations convention which used every hotel room in NY, filled the city with police and blocked off a number of streets as the world's leaders arrived and departed.I booked a studio suite which had two double beds so the room could have accommodated two or more people easily. The bathroom was quite small but perfectly serviceable. The kitchen was a real bonus and was well equipped. As other reviews have mentioned, the room could have been improved by refurbishment but it was perfectly clean and comfortable. The desk staff and doormen were very helpful and friendly although they were extremely busy. I ordered room service one evening and it was very good and reasonably priced. The location was ideal for my conference venue, but also for the Chrysler Building (my favourite), the Empire State Building, Central Park and all the midtown area. I loved my weekend and would definitely stay at this hotel (or one of the other Affinia hotels) again - as long as I could afford it.	
Sep 29 2005	Excellent stay!	Great building in good location - very nice suites. We paid $400 total per night for 1 bedroom rooftop suite - comfortable, attractive. Staff exceptionally helpful, particularly for NY. Shouldn't charge for wireless internet at $9.95 per day which didn't work in our room (staff offered to change rooms/never charged us). It's par for hotels in this class though. Great rooftop view bar but best for younger set - not close enough to cause any disturbance to rooms on rooftop floor. (and you get a great view from room 16E!) Definitely will stay there again when in NY.	
Sep 22 2005	Excellent base for sightseeing	Stayed here for our wedding anniversay - yes, the decor is a little tired in the rooms but it's the perfect base for sightseeing, only a few blocks away from Empire State and Chrysler buildings, and about 30 minutes walk from Central Park. There's a good supermarket about 3 minutes walk and a superb restaurant (Hudson Place) a block away on Third Avenue. The view from the roof garden is worth the stay alone!	
Sep 14 2005	Excellent location!	We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel between 1st and 5th September. We arrived at around 11:00 am and although our room was not ready we were able to leave our bags in a locked room whilst we went exploring. As mentioned in other reviews the hotel is just a few blocks away from the Empire State Building and a few blocks in the other direction to the Chrysler Building. Grand Central station is only a few minutes walk as is Times square. There is a bus stop on each side of the road where you can get two or three different buses up town or downtown. You cannot go hungry here as there are yummy deli's on each block as well as different restaurants. We loved the SMH because although the area had all necessary amenities and was close to main attractions it was fairly quiet compared with the normal hustle and bustle of NY.The rooms are spacious and clean. The kitchenette came in very handy to store bottles of water and the plates, glasses and cutlery were a God send when we came back to eat our goodies from the Deli. (We recommend the Old Bridge Deli on 42nd and Lexington).The door men very very helpful. On the day we were due to leave the roads outside the hotel were closed due to a street fair. One of the doormen took us and our bags two blocks so that we could get a cab to the airport.The hotel has a pleasant lounge area just by reception. CNN plays all day on a large Plasma TV or you can hang out in there and play scrabble or read the books provided by the hotel. The leather sofas and footstools in there are really comfy.We had saved the view from the rooftop til our last night only to find it was closed on a Sunday so my advice is to go up there as soon as you can!I'm not sure why some people have given this hotel bad reviews. If you want an ultra modern, chain type hotel do not stay here. If you want a clean, comfy, charming hotel right near the action this is a good choice. We would stay again.	
Sep 8 2005	10 out of 10 for the Shelburne Murray Hill	We stayed at the Shelburne for 5 nights and cannot rate it high enough. After a delayed flight we were overjoyed to be informed that we had been upgraded to a 1-bedroom suite. This made our holiday as our 10th floor corner-room overlooked the Empire State Building and was a great base as the hotel is so centrally located.Some tips i would give are to request a higher floor with a view of the Empire State or Chrysler building, go up to the rooftop garden which will give you some amazing panaromic views of the city and is really buzzing at night and finally visit the hotel's &quot;Rare bar and Grill&quot; which recently won a Time Out award which in our opinion, was well-deserved as the food and service are both superb.The staff could not do enough and i agree that the doormen in particular are delightful-look out for Benjy! All in all i understand why some reviews have called the rooms dated but they are HUGE by New York standards and very well kept - if you have an eye for design you will actually see the hotel as vintage and classic and remember, when you have the entire of New York City on your doorstep, how long are you going to spend in your hotel anyway?!	
Sep 2 2005	could'nt have asked for more	went with my wife for 5 nights at end of august 2005 and to say we enjoyed our stay would be a understatement, it is rare to go away and not have any complaints about a hotel stay, well this was one of those, each and everything about the hotel and their excellant staff could not be faulted. the highest compliment we could give is we will be back, any request, query was no trouble, the room size for new york was big thank you hotel shelbourne for making our stay in new york even more enjoyable	
Aug 22 2005	A good value hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of a two week stay in the States. We had an excellent suite, although at first we were disappointed to see that our room overlooked a courtyard. However, considering the noise from the busy road that the hotel is on we were glad to away from that, otherwise we would not have been able to sleep. Our other complaint was that on arrival, at 3.15p.m. we were told our room wasn't ready - after flying over the Atlantic that was not what we hoped to hear. We had to disappear for an hour which was a bit of a pain as we were feeling hot and untidy.However, the hotel is in a good position, near to Grand Central and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 21 2005	Overrated and in need of renovation	The hotel has a great location. One of the doormen is really nice. The lobby is pleasant. However, the place desperately needs renovation. We took our family for 5 nights -- the pull-out sofa was horrible, neither TV really worked, and the air conditioning was either freezing or ineffective. Simply put, choose somewhere else.	
Aug 8 2005	A decent hotel with ok service	I stayed with my partner at Shelburne Murray Hill for about 6 days. The ratings on this website were perhaps slightly exaggerated however I came away being satisfied with the money I spent there. The hotel staff were ok nothing over exuberant but they were helpful when they needed to be. The rooftop bar is beautiful and very romantic with great skyline views of the city and slightly over-priced drinks – a perfect location for a marriage proposal! There was also an excellent Mexican restaurant around the corner on 38th street serving huge Margarita’s and fantastic Mexican cuisines. This hotel is about 5-10 minutes walk from Grand Central so getting around the city isn’t too bad if you can be bothered walking 5 blocks. But coming from Melbourne where the blocks are almost triple in size this wasn’t too much of a problem (even in the 90 degree (33 celcius) heat). I didn’t experience many problems with the elevators - it was reasonably quick getting to the seventh floor and the hotel was supposedly fully booked. House keeping was pretty keen in getting into your room before 9am so that was a little annoying but I suppose leaving the sign out or notifying the service desk wouldn’t be too huge of a task to avoid this. I wouldn’t hesitate staying at Shelburne Murray Hill again as it reasonably close to the heart of the city yet it is in a tranquil and peaceful part of the city.	
Aug 8 2005	Great location and apartment concept	We stayed here (a one bedroomer) for 4 nights in May 05 and I feel that I may now have found my new &quot;base&quot; for any subsequent trips. The location was perfect for everything that I need to see and do when in Manhattan, and the extra space conferred by the apartment concept was terrific; lots of space to store all that shopping! The kitchen and bathroom were basic but clean, and all the staff were friendly and charming, particularly the guys on the door.My one criticism was that our room was very noisy, and this was far from being my first trip to NYC, so I am aware of the noise levels. We were on the 2nd floor (1st, by UK standards), on the corner of 37th and Lex and the traffic started at about 4am - so I'll definitely be requesting a higher/quieter room upon my return. We booked via Octopus Travel, who were offering at the time the best deals on price. This feels like a real &quot;find&quot; - hurrah!	
Jul 20 2005	poor cousin in the Affinia chain	I have had very good to excellent experiences in 2 other Affinia properties. When they were unavailable, I booked here based on the good reviews and the Affinia reputation. I was disappointed by several things that I had never experienced in other Affinia hotels:* tiny window -- the room had a single tiny window opening to an airshaft -- it was very dark and dim, even with the curtain open. * carpet had a large bump going all the way across the room -- either it was poorly laid, or something had happened recently. In either case, it was unsightly and caused me to trip a few times* the furniture was older -- 100% functional, but already looking worn Everything worked fine -- AC, hot water, fridge, TV, lights, etc., I had expected it to be nicer -- like some of their other properites. It only rates average.	
Jul 12 2005	Can't-go-wrong Value	Just got back from a stay at the Shelburne and I can honestly say it was a great value for the price ($189.50/night for 1BR suite--2 queens + living room/kitchen). We were traveling with 3 small children, and I STRONGLY recommend any of the Affinia properties for this reason (room to &quot;stretch out&quot;). You will spend at least this much money on virtually any other hotel in NYC and get much less.PLUSES: Value, cleanliness, door staff are wonderful, decor/presentation, location, quiet (we had an inside room)The negatives for us were that our reservation had not been sent over from central reservations (even though I confirmed it THAT day), so our check-in took significantly longer than it should have. I had requested an outside room (there are some with views of the Empire State, so ask if you're interested), but none were available (by then!). Small things are that the air conditioning was less-than-stellar (no thermostat) and the restaurant is pretty sorry (food). Also, there is no pool, which would be nice in a NYC summer.On the upside, the value is amazing, the door staff really are great, our dishes were washed every day (leftovers, groceries at any of the very close-by grocers, etc.), and the neighborhood really is quite nice--quiet, friendly, &quot;local&quot;.Honestly, you can't go wrong with the Shelburne, or, I suspect, any of the other Affinia properties. I would definitely state at this place or one of the others again.	
Jun 22 2005 	Like my own NYC apt...	I am very particular about my accomodations and upon a friend's recommendation, I was fortunate enough to stay at the Shelburne for 9 days! I checked into a lovely, spacious one bedroom suite that had a full kitchen, dining area, living room and seperate bedroom. They even have a laundry facility for guests (those of you who live on the road know how fantastic that is!!!).Above all was the hospitality! Being a Southern girl, I have certain standards and Robert Brajic and Anthony Toliver soared right past them!!! Thank you gentlemen and you'll be seeing me again...PS: The rooftop bar is divine.	
Jun 15 2005	Very Good Value	I stayed several days in this hotel. At that time, ( 1999) , it was less expensive than today, so the word must have got around that this hotel offered value, the demand apparently increased, as the price at that time was less than 100 per night. The location of the Hotel is excellent, east side of the Island, not far from Grand Central Station. There is NYCT bus at the corner, and lots of cabs crusing the avenue.My room was large, attractive,and comfortable...a can't beat price for NYCity	
Jun 12 2005	Best value in Manhattan	This hotel delivered on everything they said they would. For the fantastic rate of $239 per night, we had a hotel suite larger than most apartments in Manhattan! Our suite was extremely clean and well appointed. The Lobby was also a great place to wait while I room was being prepared. Staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 9 2005 	The Reviews Over Rate This Hotel	I booked a room here based on the ecstatic Trip Advisor reviews. It was just okay. Decor of room was like that of a Best Western and the bathroom was particularly spartan. It is more like staying at someone's apartment than staying at a hotel. The staff seemed overwhelmed by having a lot of guests (though they were generally nice). Not sure how this place gets three and half stars as a rating since it is far from a luxury property and not really a boutique either. If it were located any place but NYC, it would be called the Days Inn. Nothing wrong, just nothing worth paying extra for.	
Jun 2 2005	Would highly recommend this hotel	My boyfriend and I just stayed at Shelburne Murray Hill over Memorial weekend and would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice hotel at a decent price. We were able to get a studio room with a king bed for $189 from CheapTickets. The room was a nice size and the king bed was very comfortable. Although you can tell the hotel is not brand new, the rooms were very clean. The air conditioning system is a bit dated, but did a decent job of cooling down the room. The staff was very courteous and the housekeeping staff did a great job cleaning the rooms. The hotel is located in a nice and quiet area and is within approx. 4 blocks of 3 subway stations.	
May 31 2005	Comfort Value and Service!	My husband and I just returned from a Manhattan getaway week- end, spending 3 nights at the Shelburne Murray Hill. Our room was large, immaculate, and very quiet. The AC worked very well. The bed and furnishings were very comfortable. The kitchenette and bath were adorable. The staff at check in(which was very late on Friday night) and during our stay were extremely helpful and friendly. One felt they really cared about making sure you enjoyed your stay, which is an uncommon thing nowadays even in very expensive establishments. Rooms were cleaned in the flash of an eye (I hate going back to my room midday and finding it still unmade...) The Shelburne is not the most glamorous hotel in NYC, but it must be hard to beat for value, comfort, cleanliness and convenience. We were able to get everywhere with little hassle, but the weather was so nice we ended up walking a great deal around the city. We loved the Murray Hill neighborhood with its groceries, coffee shops, townhouses and high rises. We did not breakfast at the hotel but found a wonderful coffee shop 2 blocks away.(Ask at the front desk) We did eat at RARE one night in the hotel and the food was fine, service very good. The Shelburne was perfect for our needs and I will not hesitate to stay here on future trips to NYC. Don't forget to take the elevator to the top floor and check out the roof terrace for an amazing view of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings at night!	
May 31 2005	Very comfortable	This hotel was great value for money. The rooms were clean and very spacious (we managed to fit 3 adults in a guest room without any problems). The hotel is in a great location - lots of places to eat nearby and close to many attractions and transport.Due to the popularity of the hotel bar/restaurant it can be somewhat difficult to eat or drink there but there are just so many other places to try so you definitely don't miss out. Fagiolini's (just across the road and one block up) was great for dinner and Third Avenue (which runs parallel to Lexington) was filled with places to try.I would definitely stay at The Shelburne Murray Hill again.	
May 25 2005	A Great Mid-town Hotel!!	I went with a friend for a 10 day visit and booked this hotel online and didn't know exactly what to expect..but....We were pleasantly surprised at what a classy place this was! We were upgraded to a midsize suite from a smaller one and loved the view of the empire state building. The full size kitchen was a huge plus for two girls on a budget in a big city! The room was the size of a good sized 1 bdrm apt!! It was a break from regular hotel rooms. It felt like our own little NYC pad!!!The maid service was above average and there is even a doctor in the house (since my friend got sick on our visit). The staff was friendly and very helpful. This is a great hotel for the price. Although not brand new it is immaculate and handsomely furnished in the NY style. Nice excercise facility and the best location of any hotel in the city!!!Can't wait to go back!!!	
May 24 2005	Why stay anywhere else?	Absolutely, without qualification, the best hotel experience my wife and I have ever experienced!Clean, quiet, very comfortable large rooms, with a friendly, helpful, energetic staff, and a 1st class on site restaurant, what more is there. Price? Combined with air on a Travelocity package, this Hotel was less expensive than some near LaGuardia airport. If anyone has any questions, please send an E-mail, and I will answer. Sorry, I have no photos.	
May 20 2005	Believe what you read	We just completed a 5-night stay at the Shelburne in mid-May, and we think we have finally found our &quot;NYC hotel&quot; . We travel to the City at least once a year, and are always searching for the perfect hotel in our budget range. The Shelburne was tremendous - terrific doormen (especially Dennis), the outstanding front desk and housekeeping staff. The best features of the Shelburne? The well equipped fitness room in the basement - and the magnificient City View bar on the garden roof of the hotel. Talk about a &quot;New York Experience&quot;!	
May 14 2005	Service with a smile and a gift certificate!	We experienced a housekeeping problem with our room, but the professional staff at the Shelburne more than made up for it! Our room was not ready when promised. The manager herself made a personal visit to our room and awarded us a gift certificate &quot;for our trouble.&quot; This type of exceptional service made staying at the Shelburne a true pleasure. We also found the Shelburne to be a very comfortable hotel in a great location. Nothing fancy, but certainly clean and spacious. Our requests for a &quot;quiet&quot; room were honored and we slept like babies both nights. I would highly recommend this hotel for a group of three &quot;singles&quot; who want to stay in NY for a reasonable price. Three of us shared a one bedroom suite and, with the two queens in one bedroom and pull-out sofa bed in the living room we had ample room for sleeping and a comfortable living room for hanging out.	
May 11 2005	Great hotel in a great location	Stayed in a studio suite for 4 nights at the end of April 2005. Staff were excellent, friendly and professional. The Rare Grill has excellent food though not particularly atmospheric. The Rare View bar on top of the building has some excellent views. The only downside I can mention is that the kitchen in our studio suite was slightly dated looking (though very clean) but we never used it anyway.	
May 4 2005	Good Hotel	Definitely better than we expected, stayed for 4nights, excellent hotel, very good location, staff all friendly except one lady who didn't want to help with anything, huge comfortable bed was bonus after all the walking. Only negatives were the outdoor restaurant wasn’t open until May and I wouldn't stay there in the summer as air conditioning wasn't very good (may have only been our room). Will go back.	
Apr 24 2005	Unbelievable	We spent five nights in NY at this place, and it's a great location for both Broadway and Midtown, quiet and charming area. The rooms are suites - much bigger than we expected, with a kitchen, and a friendly staff. Highly recommended, great value for the money, I just hope it doesn't change. We would definitely chose this hotel again.	
Apr 21 2005 	Exceeded Expectations	My husband and I stayed here for a week over Easter after seeing the reviews. We changed our booking from the Roosevelt and didn't regret it. Our room was a generous size for NYC on the third floor with a truly amazingly comfortable king sized bed. The decor was clean and crisp. Lots of towels and amenities although the bathroom was small. We really enjoyed having the small kitchen. The coffee provided was pretty good too. Service by all the staff, the friendly doorman and deskstaff has to be commended. The housekeeping staff were also very prompt with requests, although maybe not thorough in replenishing some kitchen items. They also cleaned the dishes! It is a healthy walk from here to almost all main attractions. Grand Central/Hyatt very near by. We were told the Hyatt's rooms which seemed to be overrun by highschool and tour groups were very small with only three feet on either side of the bed in the room. Oh and thanks to others for suggesting to go to the roof. Spectacular night views of the Empire State building and cityscape. Needless to stay, we were very pleased staying at this hotel. Thanks tripadvisor reviewers!	
Apr 17 2005	A good stay with friendly staff	My girlfriend and I stayed here for seven nights. Although the hotel was highly rated the price was far too high when compared to anything in Europe at USD 239! The room, small bathroom and kitchen were adequate but nothing special.The staff was friendly and gave good recommendations for restaurants and efficiently booked tables. Noise from Lexington was not a problem since we asked for rooms away from traffic noise. The first days were cool outside when the room's heating failed. After complaining we immediately got a heater and the problem was solved.	
Apr 9 2005	Great value and location!!!	My husband and I just returned from 2 nights at the Shelburne and we loved it!! The suite was roomy and spacious which are not normally words you use to describe rooms in the city. I would never stay in a regular hotel room again. For the price you cannot beat the value. After a long day of shopping I was able to nap in the bedroom while my husband relaxed while watching TV in the sitting area. There was also a full kitchenette (which we did not use other than to keep our bottled waters cold in the refrig). We walked to our show at Radio City (about 15-20 minutes) and then another time to Times Square. The cab ride downtown was very quick too. And a friend actually recommended the restaurant--RARE--in the hotel--they were rated with the best burgers in the city. Unfortunately, we had reservations elsewhere--so never made it to try the burgers. However, we will be back soon--and would definitely stay here again!!!	
Apr 5 2005	What a fantastic hotel!	Got back on 21st March having has a brilliant few nights at this hotel. On arrival my 2 friends and I were upgraded at no extra charge to a 2 bedroom suite which was a great start. The staff could not have been more helpful or friendly, the decor of the hotel was lovely - very classy - and the suite was light, clean and in very good condition. My room overlooked the Empire State Building and had a very nice, clean en-suite bathroom with a surprisingly good shower. My friends had a spacious bathroom with shower cubicle just across from their room. My only tip would be that if you're not used to the traffic noise of New York you might want ear plugs for sleeping as the many car horns did tend to wake me up at about 5 a.m.That is my only criticism though of what is an excellent hotel. I would highly recommend it and would definitely stay there again given a chance.	
Mar 28 2005	Really comfortable beds!	We recently stayed at the Shelburne and really enjoyed our stay. The price is reasonable for NYC and it's considered a good value for the very spacious room that you get (we had the studio suite). The highlight of the room was the nice, big bed...so comfortable that we fell asleep with the tv on. The hotel is in a quiet area and is only about an $8 cab ride to downtown. This place is clean, convenient, relaxing. We will definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Mar 21 2005	excellent! clean and large rooms	My son and I stayed from March 13th through the 18th . We both loved the fact that we had a small kitchen with gas stove, microwave, coffee pot and toaster. Room was spacious and the 2 full size beds were comfortable. the staff was knowledgeable and polite. We plan to go back to NY this summer and this hotel will be our first choice!	
Mar 18 2005	Great New York style hotel	We really liked this hotel a lot, it was real value for money and in a good location in mid town on Lexington, near some significant landmarks - Empire State, Chrysler building and Grand Central station. The Shelburne had very elegant spacious rooms which were beautifully furnished in an old world New York style. Rooms had a homey feel with some of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in. Bathrooms were small, some rooms have a kitchenette. The lobby is small and most of the staff were typically brusque New Yorkers - but hey what can you expect? It didn't detract from our stay. There's a bar/grill next to the lobby entrance which seems to attract a gathering of locals, friendly staff and a regular happy hour. Food was fine, but there are plenty of good restaurants close by. I'd definately stay there again.	
Mar 12 2005	Excellent choice	We stayed two weeks at this hotel in February 2005. It was an excellent choice, the rooms were very clean although a little smaller than what we expected. The kitchenette (refrigerator with a freezer box in it, microwave, kitchen sink) was very useful. The beds were comfortable and housekeeping did a great job. The location is very good, it's at the corner of Lexington Avenue and 38th St., only a few blocks to shopping areas, Empire State Building,Grand Central Terminal etc. I would definitely stay at Shelburne Murray Hill the next time we visit New York and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 6 2005	Superb Hotel	Stayed at the shelburne March 2005.The rooms were very roomy with good decor.The staff were very friendly and helpful and always on hand with information.They have a great bar which always seems to have a fair mix of people in.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and would definately stay there again.	
Mar 4 2005	Great hotel	Just returned from NY, where we stayed in the Shelburne Murray Hill for 6 nights. I would highly recommend this hotel. The staff are very friendly, rooms are very clean and spacious and the beds are so comfortable. We didn't eat there at all but apparently the food is delicious too, although food is not an issue in New York. It's a hop skip and a jump from the Empire State and from a great shopping area.	
Mar 3 2005	Value and Service	Just came back today. Took all the family ( 5 kids + some partners and our grand daughter a total of 10) Went to N. Y. to celebrate my wifes birthday. We had been to New york before and our hotel was decidedly average, not the Shelburne.Hotel is very clean, the rooms very very large, the staff very friendly an allround good experiance.We would go back and we would recomend this hotel.	
Mar 2 2005	Terrific Hotel Great Location Value for money	Just returned from a 4 day break 10-14 Feb in NY. Paid the average price for accommodation in NY for the time of year but I certainly couldn't complain about anything regarding the Shelburne Hotel. The Check-in staff were extremely friendly, had a great laugh with them, very helpful. Have been to NY before but this Hotel made my stay even more enjoyable than I could have anticipated. Rooms were very clean, spacious &amp; well maintained. There's a Nice Modern &amp; Cosy Grill/Bar 'RARE', American Style Cuisine &amp; popular with the locals &amp; a GYM if you feel compelled to burn off the calories from the large sized portions served! Superb location, Lovely quiet area on 37th Lex'ton Ave, Sub stations at 33rd or Grand Central just 4 blocks away, or within 10-15mins walking distance to most midtown attractions. In a nutshell, You can't go wrong with this hotel. I'd recommend it to anybody. Would definitely use it again. Thanks Shelburne Murray Hills for adding to a fantastic Holiday Break.	
Feb 24 2005 	Great Staff Good Beds	New Beds made for a great nights sleep.Rooms are quite even though we were besie the elevator!Good location and Great staff. Rooms were comfortable and a good size.Close to good restaurants and sites. 20 min walk to Javits Center.Overall a Good place to stay!	
Feb 19 2005	Great Value	I booked several 1-Bedroom suites at the Shelburne for a family reunion weekend and it was a wonderful experience. I've stayed in many expensive New York hotels with very small rooms, so the spacious rooms at the Shelburne were a pleasant surprise. It was great having a kitchen and dining area in the room and there is a good-sized supermarket just a block away. Check in and out were fast and all the staff that we encountered were very pleasant. Considering the price of these rooms, I feel it's one of the best hotel values in New York and I give it the highest recommendation.	
Feb 15 2005	Loved the Shelburne!	The staff was extremely accommodating and helpful. Since this was our first time in NYC, it was alittle intimidating. Faith was so helpful in directing us about tours in the area and transportation concerns. The bell staff was also very friendly and felt very concerned about our well-being. The rooms were small but very clean. We enjoyed it tremendously and would not hesitate to stay there again and recommend it to all of our friends! Thanks, Shelburne!	
Feb 11 2005	pleasantly surprised- what a winner!	My friend and i stayed in the shelburne for about 4 days in January this year and loved it! it was spacious, comfortable, spottlesly clean and on top of all that, utterly charming. Located in midtown, it's conventient to lots of attractions and the nearset subway station is 42nd street (where there's a tourist office). we were pleasantly surprised when we realised that our double room had 2 double beds and a kitchenette complete with a stove and a microwave. we'd been led to expect to not get very much for our money in terms of accomodation in NY, but to my mind the shelburne was excellent value for money. The staff were really pleasant and helpful as well. If i'm ever in new york again, i'll definitely be staying at the shelburne murray hill -it was an absolute winner. 	
Jan 15 2005	Great hotel!	We were here the week of 12/25 - 12/30/04. Very crowded in the city due to the holiday. This was an excellent hotel to stay at. We had the one bedroom suite which worked out terrific with the kids - they had their spot, we had ours. The kitchenette/dishware was very convenient as we ate in a bit due to the weather (17 degrees!). The rooms are not large (remember this is New York!!) and not new, however they were very clean and well kept.The location was IDEAL!! Close to Grand Central (about 5 blocks) and it was residential so very quiet, there is a D'Agostino's market right around the corner if you need anything.The staff was VERY accomodating and pleasant, the bellman were great! The restaurant on site is &quot;OK&quot; however very economical for breakfast as they serve a buffet breakfast. Plan an average of about $50/meal for 3 people when you are in the city.Needless to stay...this will be our Hotel anytime we come to the city. You will not be disappointed :)	
Jan 13 2005 	Very accommodating; every visit is great.	I stay at the Shelburne monthly - and have for over one year (business travel). I've never been disappointed by the staff - in most cases they've gone out of their way to accommodate. I always ask for a humidifier - and get it. I've been mildly inconvenienced by one thing or another, but always overly-reimbursed in turn. I've always felt very comfortable in the rooms. I've no problems with anything in the rooms. I've always had a kitchenette with everything I need for extended stays. Wireless internet is dependable and average priced. Location is great too - walking distance to Empire State, Grand Central, Times Square, so on. Great restaurants nearby.Only issues I have: If you are on one of the upper floors and the weather cooperates, the noise from the RARE rooftop bar can be bothersome if you're not in the mood or working. Also, the elevators (which are VERY slow among the 16 floors in the first place) get crowded with RAREgoers. Pretty annoying. On the other hand, the rooftop bar is fun... RARE itself is OK eating, and has more than burgers, but I got tired of it pretty quickly. Great staff though.I'd recommend the Shelburne or any Affinia hotel to NY visitors.C. Mueller	
Jan 10 2005	very homey and friendly	i stayed at the shelburn in november 2004 for 8 days with my daughter and my mother. we had the one bedroom suite which was really fantastic. The hotel is not fancy, but is clean, convenient and the staff were extra friendly and helpful. It's in a good area close enough to walk to times square (takes about 15 minutes but i did it with a 6 year old and her grandmother almost every day). I did see the regular room and would have to say i wasn't too impressed by it - splurge for the one bedroom - just like staying in someone's apartment.	
Jan 6 2005 	great location	I came on business the week before Christmas and stayed the weekend for a romantic rendezvous'with my husband. They must have had a major shake up because all of the staff were brand new. Despite that, they were very helpful and accomodating. They were great in helping us book a side by side massage at their sister hotel spa (The Oasis) in the Affinia Dumont just a few blocks away and it was heavenly! The rooms are good size and we had a terrific view. The view from the 16th floor terrace is spectacular! It turned bitterly cold and snowy on Sunday night so we ordered delivery and the front desk called before they let the delivery guy come up. I really appreciated that. The only drawback was that the bed was hard as a rock!	
Jan 3 2005	fantastic hotel	We got switched here because the room type we had reserved at the related property, the Beekman Tower, was overbooked. The Shelburne was gorgeous - huge suite, beautiful furnishings, clean, with a view of the Chrysler Building even without our having asked for a view! The staff was lovely and helpful. Most amazingly, the location is so central (the Beekman is on 50th and 1st; Shelburne is right at Lex and 37th). I highly, highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 27 2004	Stayed at the Shelburne Murray Dec. 9-11 2004	We arrived at the Shelburne Murray on Dec. 9, 2004. We booked through lastminutetravel. We didn't know what property we would be staying at until we purchased the room. But the rate was O.K. for that time of year. The hotel is nice, the rooms are spacious. They put you in the mind of a one bedroom apartment. Great if you are traveling with family members. We had 2 double beds with a pull out sofa bed in the living room. The decor is average. The rooms are a little worn but nice. I am a big fan of the W hotels with the heavenly beds. This hotel does not have the fluffy beds but the pillows were nice. The hotel is away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to Time Square. About 5 blocks from nearest subway. I would stay again.	
Dec 21 2004	Busiest Weekend of the Year in NYC? You wouldn't know it at the Shelburne	The weekend before Christmas is a crazy time in New York. That is, if you stay in Times Square or any other mid-town big hotel. At the Shelburne Murray Hill, we had a great place to stay and escape the madness, yet we were only minutes from the action.Rooms were huge - especially for NYC standards. We were in a Studio Suite, which had 2 large beds, a full kitchen (with all the utensils, glasses, pots pans), a large closet, and high ceilings. And this was one of the smallest rooms in the hotel! This is unbelievable for New York. The bathroom was small, but that was not an inconvenience.Staff was friendly and helpful. Cabs were easy to get. There was not a nearby subway stop, but the longest you had to walk for one was 4 blocks. Rooms and all facilities were clean and comfortable. Elevators moved quickly. The price was right (we paid $209, pretty good for this busy weekend).The Restaurant (The Rare Bar and Grill) was packed every night. I got the impression that this was a local favorite spot, but I don't know that for sure. They feature Burgers, but have plenty of other items. There are also many other great looking reataurants in the area - Italian, Indian, American. The hotel is in a very nice area.The area was very nice - near some very ritzy looking Brownstones. Convenient to Grand Central, The Empire State Building, Herald Sq, Madison Square Garden, and not a bad walk to Times Square (or a $7 cab ride). We took the train in from CT and walked from Grand Central. Very easy.And if you want one of the best views of the Empire State Building or the Chrysler Building, go up tot he 16th floor. During the summer, this is a restaurant. During the winter, there is access for guests. The views are wonderful. Don't miss it.	
Dec 21 2004	A Gem in New York	The Shelburne is a very reasonably priced gem in a great location in Manhattan. The rooms are large and to a very good standard: not grande luxe, but superior. Staff is cheerful and exceptional. Wonderful, timeless civility. The hotel restaurant, Rare, is fairly priced for New York and reliable. Hard to beat this as a base in this exhilarating city.	
Dec 15 2004	The Perfect Fit	It's not the Ritz Carlton...but we were'nt expecting that! It was neat and clean. The location was perfect and the staff absolutely courteous and helpful. We reserved a non-smoking room and were put in a &quot;smoking optional&quot; room. At our request we were promptly moved to a non-smoking room. The room was huge and the kitchenette was a nice addition.The neighborhood was great. There are plenty of great resturants and bars nearby and best of all, no tourists! In fact the location, away from all the hustle and bustle, yet just 5 blocks from Grand Central Station made our stay particularly special. We were able to get to EVERYTHING in the city quickly...then escape to our quite little hotel! Fantastic.I will recommend the Shelburne to family and friends. No, it's not luxury...but it's a great little hotel in a great location with fantastic staff members.	
Dec 14 2004	Thanksgiving in New York	For the price this New York hotel was great. I got a better rate by making my reservation over the internet than by calling the hotel. The room we got was very large. We were three adults and stayed in a one bedroom suite with balcony and had a great view of the Empire State Bldg. We had a full kitchen for our morning coffee and breakfast, comfortable couch and love seat for our visitors. This hotel is in a very convenient location only 4 short blocks to Grand Central Station. Plentiful restaurants, shopping and groceries. The employees were all friendly and helpful. We will stay here on our next visit in June.	
Dec 6 2004	Totally Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Shelburne mid November and it was SUCH a relief to arrive and be faced with a fantastic room - very different to the other times Ive stayed in NYC, (Gershwin Hotel take note)... Clean rooms and room to fit as many shopping bags as you can gather! The restaurant had fantastic staff but was a teensy bit pricey for us - try the Thai restaurant 'Lemongrass' on 34th and Lex, very cheap (a welcome change in New York) All in all - a great place and will definitely stay here on future trips!	
Nov 22 2004	Dont listed to the bad reviews!!!	This hotel is great if you are going to New York for sightseeing and shopping as it is right in the heart of everything but yet it is on a fairly quite street. Myself and four friends stayed for 4 nights in a studio apartment and we had more than enough room - after all its only for sleeping and washing in! Our room was very clean we had a change of towels every day and we always came back to a tidy room. The doormen were very helpful and when we needed something from reception it was brought up within 5 minutes. The only thing i was disappointed about was the fact that the roof terrace wasn't open at the time we went, which to be honest was probably not a bad thing as it was freezing outside!!	
Nov 21 2004	Great place to stay in the city!	I was in charge of making the hotel accomadations for me and 3 of my friends to stay in NYC Since it was 4 women in the city, I wanted safe , clean and roomy. I chose the Shelburne Hotel because it fit my criteria, at least on the computer. I was relieved to discover that it lived up to the reviews I had read and MORE once we arrived! We had a suite and it was very roomy and comfortable. I loved the neighborhood, relatively quiet for NYC and we felt safe. The hotel staff were very helpful. A few blocks away was Grand Central making it easy to get on the subway system and there are bus stops all around. . We were there to run the NYC marathon, so it was a very busy weekend for the hotel. Definitely would stay here again!	
Nov 10 2004	Excellent choice	I stayed two nights at this hotel and really enjoyed the experience. The room was clean, the staff friendly, and location accessible. I particularly appreciated the kitchen with full-size refrigerator, microwave, stove with pots and pans. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 9 2004	Excellent one bed roomed suite	My Mam, Husband and myself stayed on a 4 day day break in the Shelburne and we had a one bedroomed suite which worked out excellent as we had a very large living area with a sofa bed , dining area Kithenette etc and a large bedroom.It worked out really well and the accomadation was a super size and the staff in the hotel were very accomadating. The Bar/ Rest downstairs called Rare was super and it was a real trendy place to meet for a drink etc. Hotel was not too big and so was very personalised. Would recommend and stay again.	
Oct 20 2004	Fit for two princesses!	Before we start, we have very high standards and are very choosey about things! We have just come home from a fantastic trip to New York to celebrate our 18th birthday and could not have wished for a better hotel! As standard, in a twin room you get 2 huge double beds and our room also had a kitchenette, a bathroom and a very spacious wardrobe. The room was clean and the maid came in every day with fresh towels. The location is great, close to alot of things-we had a great view of the Empire state building from our window and it's also very near the Chrysler building. It's about a 20 minute walk to 5th Avenue, so great if you want to shop and it's also very close to Broadway and Times Square (about 10 minutes walking). The staff were very friendly, there was always a doorman and the street it is on is also pretty quiet for New York. Don't listen to the moaners, this is a great hotel and we will definately stay there again!	
Oct 10 2004	Ideal Location	Ideal location for exploring New York. Four blocks in any direction for most of the major sites. This was our first visit and we would definitely stay here again. The staff were really friendly and helpful and gave food advice when aske. The hotel clean and nicely decorated. The rood top restuarant has amazing views of both the Crysler building and the Empire State Building. We stayed in a one bed suite which was spacious and had all that we needed for our family. Four blocks up Lexington is Grand Central Terminal where there is a lovely food market and food hall with a great choice of inexpensive restaurants. This location is more residential than touristy so the shops and restaurants reflect this in their prices.	
Sep 14 2004	Highly recommend the Shelburne	I would definitely recommend the Shelburne Murray Hill - my mother and I were there for 6 nights in a studio apartment but still found that to be a great size for 2 people. Apart from quite a rude woman at reception when we checked in (after a 33 hour journey) we were really happy with our stay. Staff were great and accomodated our requests eg: a kettle instead of a coffee maker, quickly and happily. Our room was really clean, we didn't have a balcony but loved being able to open our windows and enjoy the views. Like some of the other reviewers we actually enjoyed hanging out in our room when jet lag started to overtake us. The midtown location is great. Being in a residential area is a huge bonus because you get to go to local delis and restaurants but you are still such a close walk to all New York has to offer. The basement gym is very well equipped for a hotel gym as well.	
Sep 9 2004	Best hotel ever!!!!!	I had looked up the hotel on this site before we booked it and noted there was a few bad reviews relating to cleanliness of rooms and helpfulness of staff. I decided that the good far outweighed the bad reviews and decided to book it anyway. Thank god I did!!!I can honestly say that I have never stayed in such a friendly, well run, hospitable hotel. From the second we arrived to the time we left, they exceeded all my expectations. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff of the hotel, whether it be dinner reservations, helping us to get to the Yankee stadium, or organising a car to take us to the airport (a chaffeur driven mercedes for the same price as a typical cab!). They also gave us a later check out time (3pm as opposed to 12pm) as our flight from JFK wasnt until later that evening.I had booked a studio suite room and although it was fine, I decided to upgrade to a one bedroom suite. It was only an extra $40 a night and well worth it as the room was absolutely superb and just made the trip even more memorable. The location of the Shelburne is just great, right on Lexington Avenue within a 5-7 minute walk of either the Empire State, Chrysler, Grand Central or 5th Avenue. Also the rooftop bar has amazing views of the Chryler and Empire State and is great for a relaxing drink under the stars.I absolutely loved this hotel and cannot wait to return next year to visit again. Take no notice of any bad reviews of this hotel and book it - its fantastic!!!!	
Sep 8 2004	Shelburn Murray Hill- A New York City Gem!	We stayed at the Shelburne Murray Hill for two nights and had a wonderful visit. We hope to return to this hotel in the future. The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood. The lobby is modern and tastefully decorated. We were greeted by helpful &amp; friendly staff upon arrival. No problems encountered at check-in. We received the non-smoking room we requested. The hallways were filled with photographs of New York City.Our room was very spacious- larger than our last apartment! The room had a dining area with a table and four chairs. The living room area had a couch, two chairs, an armoire, TV, and coffee table. Attached was a small kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishes, dishwasher, sink, and cutlery. The bathroom was small but very clean. A hallway closet contained an ironing board and iron. The bedroom was huge and contained a king size bed, dresser, end tables, and two closets. The sheets and towels were of good quality. But the best part was the balcony, which ran the length of the room! At night, the view was amazing! The rooftop bar closed at 11:00 p.m. The room was very quiet- no street noise or hallway noise. The bed was comfortable. On most of our trips to NYC, we don't have any interest in hanging out at the hotel. This time, we really enjoyed relaxing in our room, sitting on the balcony, and enjoying the view!We didn't visit the rooftop bar, but spoke to other guests who highly recommended it. A restaurant, Rare, is attached the hotel. It is obvious that the satisfaction of guests is a top priority for this hotel.	
Aug 3 2004	perfect view!	What a wonderful first trip to New York. Our room was perfect. Very clean, very big, and the most incredible view from our HUGE balcony. I found all staff to be very friendly and helpful. This hotel is perfectly situated to the Manhattan hotspots, and has some great local ethnic stores and businesses located behind the hotel on 3rd Avenue. I have recommended the hotel to friends and will stay there again.	
Jul 23 2004	Smelly and dirty too	After reading the reviews on TirpAdvisor about this hotel, I thought we'd be lucky enough not to experience what a few had in the way of poor experiences. Well, we had a bad one too! The first room we got smelled of smoke and we had booked a non-smoking one. We asked to move to another room and it too smelled of smoke. Everything smelled in it despite the fact that they supposedly cleaned and ozonated (?) the room and said it was also a non-smoking room!?! What is it with these people? Why do they keep lying to customers? On top of that, the carpets were dirty in both rooms (cleaned what?), especially in the closets and the perimeters of the rooms. We were paying $275 a night for this filth? On top of that, the Genereal Manager was never around to speak to! No apology, no nothing! I don't know why people think this hotel is so great!?! Maybe they are used to worse ones so this seems better than what they are accustomed to? We moved out after spending one night in the second room and being told there were no other/better rooms available. They wouldn't help us find another hotel either! What sort of service is that? We demanded a refund too, but did not get one. Don't stay here! They don't treat people well. No one deserves that sort of service!	
Jul 3 2004	Dirty Frumpy 	Where to begin? I took my daughters to NYC for a week to celebrate several special events. I travel a lot in my line of work, and for pleasure, so I know a class act when I see it and I stay with it. Affinia's Shelburne Murray Hill Hotel is anything but that. I've stayed at cheap little motels that were far cleaner and more accommodating than these people were. I should have moved out, but I stuck it out, just so I could review them on Customer Service.Well, I should have had my entire stay comped after what we went through! This was one of the worst hotels we've ever stayed in. Dirty rooms, lack of functional utensils in the kitchens, poor response time to complaints, price gouging, and worse. And to think I chose the Shelburne based on comments I read here on TripAdvisor.com and Affinia's own website photos. What a mistake!! There were so many things that went wrong that it would take far too much space here to write it all. Let's just say that by the end of our week, we left feeling tired, sick, and very, very angry. I will never recommend any of Affinia's hotels after this terrible experience. Hospitality... what a joke! Even the Front Desk people (except for one young man) all looked frumpy and unclean. Stay away. Stay very far away!	
Jun 25 2004	2 Thumbs Way for Shelburne Murray	Excellent hotel &amp; value for your money; staff, room, location etc. was perfect. 15 minute walk to times square, rockefeller center etc. but worth the peace &amp; quiet; empire state bldg right out our window--awesome! room was perfect for family of four; if DVC member highly recommend this hotel; you won't go wrong staying there; we will definitely return!	
Jun 9 2004	Memorable!!	I stayed at the Shelburne for 16 nights. If at all my new York trip turned out memorable, a big part of the credit goes to Shelburne. So much that I get dreams of getting to leave there forever. The location is great. A short walk from the hotel will take you to the best places of Manhattan. Empire State Building, Grand Central, Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center and more. The service attendants are very nice and always eager to help you out. Extremely well-maintained and very neat. Whatever you need is just round the corner and I felt very much at home. Actually, a dream home. Negatives: The restuarants are little expensive. I was checked into a no-smoking suite.	
Jun 4 2004	A happy stay at the Shelburne	5 Nights end of May 2004We really liked the Shelburne and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend it. It's a tiny bit tired and I'd guess the rooms are about 5 years away from refurbishment, but with careless kids in tow that can be a blessing. The location is residential which is nice because the local shops and delis seem to cater for real people more than tourists. That said, Grand Central Terminal is only a 10 minute walk away. The clean and comfortable suites really are enormous. We had a one bedroom with a sofa bed in the living room. The sofa bed was fine for the kids (8 &amp;11), but I guess it would be uncomfortable for a large adult. Our position at the front of the Hotel facing Lexington Avenue meant that there was some traffic noise. I used ear plugs, nobody else was bothered by it. Being English I found the presence of a coffee percolator rather than a kettle disturbing. It could only manage one cup of tea at a time! All the staff we dealt with were friendly and accommodating and helped make our stay here a really happy one.	
May 23 2004	so convenient	Found the Shelburne convenient (close to Grand Central and subway lines), near tasty restaurants, staff helpful, quiet room (an inside one.) The room decor neutral, a little dreary, bathroom adequate, room and bathroom clean. The staff helpful and pleasant. The room temperature was comfortably and quietly maintained.	
Apr 14 2004	Moved out of the Shelburne	What a dreadful visit I had with the Shellburne Murray Hill. The first room they gave me was a smoking room on a floor that reaked of smoke and then tried to convince me it was non smoking despite the ashtrays and matches. The second room was shabby and very dusty. We went to open the window and it fell off the track into our hands. The little kitchen was dirty. The very next day I found another hotel for similiar rate and left despite my 4 day reservation.	
Mar 27 2004	Wonderful hotel!	Our family of four spent 3 nights here recently and would definitely stay here again. Found a great rate for a suite online and called hotel directly to see if they'd match it, which they did. We arrived before the check-in time, no problem, they cheerfully stored our luggage and valet parked our car. Had lunch in their restaurant, Rare, before heading out to do some shopping. Nice wait staff, good burgers, yummy basket of 3 kinds of fries and dipping sauces. Looked like a fun bar scene later that evening. Our room exceeded our expectations, was very clean and huge for a NYC hotel room. Furnished in a traditional style, the room included a living room with a sofa bed, huge tv, dining table, 2 queen beds in a separate room with another tv, small bathroom but lots of storage, clean and new looking. Having a kitchenette made for leisurely mornings or quick pasta instead of having to go out. We looked forward to returning each day to a room that allowed us each to have space to relax. A bonus, we were able to connect to the internet from our laptop (wireless) each day without obtaining a password from the hotel, saving $9.95 a day. When a list of available networks popped up, we simply chose one. I highly recommend the Shelburne and look forward to a return visit!	
Feb 12 2004	Our second trip in less than a year	An unexpected return to New York City within a year of our last trip found us back at the Shelburne with pleasure. This was again our choice for many reasons, the great neighborhood, the spacious accommodations and the at-home ambiance in the midst of Manhattan. What's not to like about having your own apartment in the city? It was so relaxing to eat breakfast in our room over the complimentary NY Times and not have to face the city first thing each day. It's easy to get anywhere from this ideal location and we loved being in Murray Hill - a real hill in the city! The staff is helpful and pleasant without being intrusive and the amenities and features were all that we needed or desired. We hope to visit again soon.	
Feb 5 2004	Nice Place for the Price		
Jan 16 2004	Excellent choice for Self-Catering in NY		
Dec 31 2003	Nice but needs some Sprucing up.		
Dec 17 2003	Shelburne Murray Hill is great.		
Nov 26 2003	Absolutely Great		
Nov 7 2003	Nice		
Jul 7 2003 	Good Hotel - Good Deal		
Jun 4 2003	A Wonderful Quaint Little Hotel in a Gorgeous Neighborhood		
May 7 2003	A very nice Hotel!		
Nov 19 2002	Very Clean 		
Nov 20 2009 	Enfin le calme !		
Nov 8 2009 	séjour parfait!		
Oct 1 2009 	ne vaut pas ce qu'il coûte		
Sep 26 2009 	A mes yeux l'hôtel parfait pour un City Trip		
Sep 10 2009 	Quello che cercavo		
Sep 1 2009 	Perfetto		
Aug 23 2009 	buena ubicacion		
Aug 10 2009 	super hotel très bien situé		
Jul 7 2009 	Volltreffer		
Jun 13 2009 	Super !		
Apr 5 2009 	Gracias por haber sido tan comprensivos		
Apr 1 2009 	las tres b: bueno bonito y barato		
Mar 6 2009 	J'y retournerai		
Jan 21 2009 	????????????		
Jan 9 2009	Trés bon hôtel		
