	Nice food but would never go there again.	Okay, so I'll start of my saying that I am a teenager who travels often, so I know my fair share of hotels. I went to New York with my mom and great aunt to visit family and see the city. We chose Novotel because of the pictures that were on the website; they're modern, clean, white with a few colours. When we got there, the lobby was very nice, just like the website had shown, white with accent colours and granet counters. The service was good, pretty average. As soon as we got onto our floor (12th), it was a drastic change. The walls were orange with blue accents and were marked all over. When we got to our room, and turned on the light I almost cried. I was expecting a nice white room, but it felt as if we just stepped into a dingy motel in Arizona or Mexico. The drapes and bedspread were the same generic hotel print, the walls were an odd splotchy orange, with green metal windowframes. I almost expected cockroaches and spiders to come out of the walls. To add to this, the bed was uncomfortable and had lipstick smears all over the pillow. By this time I was upset, because it was a special trip for my birthday, and from the beginning it wasn't what I expected. To make things worse, I had to buy wireless internet that didn't work.The bathroom, however was nice. It was the only part of the room that was modern with very nice lighting for makeup, but the shower wasn't very nice. The shower floor was bumpy, and coming away from the floor. The veiw was also nice, but not the best; we overlooked the top of a dirty building, but in a crowded city it wasn't shocking. The food service was very good! It was one of the best in-room meals I've had.I'm not meaning to turn this hotel off for people, it just is not up to my comfort level. Many people say that they came to the city to see the city, and only have the hotel to sleep. But for me the hote is one of the most important things; it's the place I have to feel safe to get a good sleep in after a long day. I did not feel safe in this hotel. We only stayed for 2 nights, and switched hotels.	
	Professional friendly staff in a beautiful hotel	Chose this hotel due to the excellent impression made by a senior hotel manager and later by all staff we encountered. Room was quiet, clean and had a beautiful view of Times Square. Location convenient to everything in midtown Manhattan, especially the theater district. Will stay here again based upon this satisfying experience.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location. Some Air Conditioning problems...	Great Location. Very close to all Broadway Theaters, Restaurants, Times Square.Try to get higher floors, with Times Square View.One the first day, we had a lot of trouble with the air conditionig system.We changed the room, but the problem was only solved at 23:00 h.The Staff was very gentle.I recommend it.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good clean base for New York	Stayed for 6 days with friends for our 2nd visit to the city. The room had 2 large double beds, safe,flat screen TV, iron/ironing board, hairdryer and plenty of toiletries and fresh clean towels. At the end of the corridor was an ice machine and shoe shining machine.The room was large enough for our needs and the windows were sound proof!! The room faced an office block but we didnt mind. The staff were very nice and helpful, we had a drink on our 1st night in the hotel bar, but very pricy we were just under $40 for 3 vodkas &amp; coke and a lager shandy. We made good use of the beautiful balcony with excellent views of Times Square, (we had brilliant weather!)Good base for Central Park, 5th Ave, Times Square and of course the many theatres.Would definately return to this hotel again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Amazing hotel this is the one to go to when staying in new york!	Not only is it right on times square the hotel is an amazing price for the location, cleanliness, service, value etc. The rooms are lovely, standard size but all you need for your stay. I think the ultimate thing about the hotel is definatly the location. Able to go anywhere, service are great, they help with finding places, we went all over new york, brooklyn, soho, greenwich village...we even went on the subway! Its an amazing time try and do everything you want there, you will never forget it!	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location and big rooms!	We booked one of the higher rooms at the Novotel as it was our first time in New York. We were on the 28th Floor of the hotel and it was just lovely! We had a Times Square view and although we were opposite some huge skyscrapers, the room was very light. It was clean and much, much bigger than I expected (as I believe that, as in most cities, hotel rooms in NY are usually very small). We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are so many places around that are much cheaper. All in all, a great choice!	
Nov 6 2009 	Unbeatable location. Great value for NYC!!	My family and I stayed at Novotel TS for 5 nights in July and we totally loved it. Not only because of its perfect location (9 blocks from Times Square), but also for the helpful and friendly staff. When we asked for a room with a view to the TS, we were given it right away (of course they had availability). The hotel has a beautiful lobby with a nice bar, a balcony where you can have drinks and snacks, with an outstanding view to the TS. Rooms have a good size (despite the fact that you cannot add an extra bed). Business center, gym, LCD, mini-bar, hardryer and all the basic amenities. I would totally stay there again!	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Location Great for the price	Extremely well located for Broadway shows, Rockefeller Center, Times Square. Subway stop a half block away. My mom and I stayed for 5 nights. Our room had 2 double beds and was a very good value for the money-room was clean and well serviced. We ate dinner once at the Cafe Nicole- average only. Catching a taxi from the front entrance was easy. Do not go to Gallaghers steak house next door- see other reviews about that place. Very European feeling- lots of guests were French, Germans, etc. Has a 'business center' with free internet access.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Experience!!!!!Beautiful hotel with great location	Novotel have very friendly and helpful staff. Hotel is very clean. Café Nicole restaurant on 7 Th floor have amesing view. We had lot of fun in Novotel’s hospitality	
Oct 23 2009 	Great surprise	Good value and great location for turkey day in NYC! Clean. Lots of kids in case that matters. Rooms typical. Right in the thick of things. Go see the ballon blow up the night before and make reservations on the patio to see the parade. Bring warmclothes.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location	If you are interested in Time Square and Central Park, this is a great location for you. Both are easily within walking distance. The hotel is nicer than the photos suggest but isn't what I would consider a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. It was exactly what we were looking for, a clean hotel with a good location. Our room had a view of time square and it was great. The only time we were in our room was when we were asleep, and it work great for that.	
Oct 22 2009 	the first city east coast US	great location at Times Square with walking distance, luxury hotel, staff pollite, bedroom it's great, this hotel is recomended for traveller n bussiness	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic place to stay	Stayed at the Novotel from 10th to 15th October with my daughter and two friends. Although I have been to NY many times I found this hotel excellent value. Like most big cities and especially NY rooms are small although on this occasion I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the room. Cannot fault the hotel except that when I asked for the wifi password to use on my iphone I was told it would be $10 per day. Having just returned from Barbados where the password was free although the hotel did have 2 computers that you could use. The location was excellent as was breakfast. Room clean and view from window excellent. I will be back and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 16 2009 	great location	we have just returned rom a six night stay at this hotel. I would agree with previous reports that the decor is a bit tired but the location made up for it. We were there with our 2 teenage kids and the room was tight but we managed fine- we were out all day in any case. Breakfast is great value if you have kids under 16 cos they don't pay and there is a good selection to choose from. We arrived at noon and were able to go straight to our room. Ian on reception was lovely and gave us some good tips. I would definately stay there again.We would recommend Juniors on 45th between 8th and broadway for a snack and a massive bit of cheesecake(big choice) but go early if you go for lunch cos it is really popular with the locals. We also went to Ellens Diner on Saturday night. The line to get in was huge and although the entertainment was good, the food was terrible and none of us ate our meals. The only saving grace for my son was the milkshakes. If you go, be prepared to throw money regularly through the night into a bucket as well as pay the 18% service charge added to the bill.	
Oct 16 2009 	Central clean and comfy perferct for seeing the sights of NY	We booked the Novotel New York for a trip with my boyfriend for my 30th birthday, I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor before booking and knew that it was central to Times Square. The hotel was exactly that for what we wanted, ie; a clean room and base to see New York, the staff were always helpful pleasant and attentive and the only hold up we ever had was when checking in before a school party of 30 odd kids. A couple of place to mention for eating as I found previous reviews helpful before going; stage delhi for breakfast just 2 blocks up from Novotel, Stardust Diner on Times Square staff there are brilliant and possibly future stars of Broadway, we also went to Rosie O Gradys pub for some lunch whoch was lovely and also Jack Dempseys which is by the Empire State Building. The Novotel is exactly what you need if you are planning to sightsee, we were hardly in our room as there is so much to see but when wer were it had everything we needed inc hairdryer, iron ironing board etc. The only thing I did not like about the hotel is their failure to pass on messages and gifts requested by friends and family whilst we were there which we only found out about when we returned and friends told us how rude the hotel staff had been.	
Oct 14 2009 	Location said it all	We were here 3rd - 10th October 2009! Check in was nice and smooth! We had a problem with our room straight away my bed wasn't fix properly, the matress and bed base wasn't on the wooden box, so house keeping had to come and fixed it. They spent over 30 mins putting it back together and at 1st didn't feel very safe sleeping on it! But I did!! Room size was ok but if we had 4 people in the room think it would of been pretty crowded plus wouldn't of had enough storage space to put all of our clothes but as it was just the two of us we were ok!! Bath room bit small but clean. Only need it for freshen yourself up so that fine for us!! There a wicked place to eat down the boardway called Ellen Stardust Diner, its all buzzing singers and dancers trying to get onto fame! its cheap. Just get how they have the energy to sing all day and night but I did ask he said our vocal muscles are getting stronger! Another nice place to eat is Olive Gardens which is in Time Square. Rosie O'Grady nice also but get way to much food!! enough for two! Tubes alot of rail works going on at the moment at the weekend! Definitive worth getting a day pass or like us a 7 day pass as its cost $2.25 per trip otherwise! Never did get my head around this network system. If you like your shopping if your international visitor take your passport to Macys and Bloomingdales then you can get 10% plus tax free!Top of the Rock was cool especially as twilight! Empire State you think your in a short line till you go around another corner but worth the wait!! Go to World Trade Center Tribute Tour as this will give you more of an insight regarding 9/11 you will ever know as often its the survivors do the tour!!Will stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 14 2009 	Fabulous location - service variable!	We stayed for 3 nights - room was on the 29th floor - big enough and clean. We were in NY to sight see so literally in the hotel room to sleep and that was it. The majority of staff on the front desk were very helpful - a few were dismissive but generally ok. The view from the bar/restaurant is great - we didnt eat in the hotel - hugely expensive. Irish coffees in the bar at night were very poor quality and again very expensive. A very good deli over the road for breakfast. The doormen were really helpful re info on decent local cafes etc. There were no tea and coffee facilities in the room which was a shame especially first thing. Overall though for the location alone we would return as you step out the door and everything that you need is right in front of you. Brilliant for a first visit to NY	
Oct 14 2009 	Great location but sadly shabbiest Novotel I have stayed in.	Location is great. We arrived at 930am expecting to just drop our bags, but were immediately given our room. After 15hr flight, very much appreciated! Requested and got Times Sq view, wow! Staff good, nice bar, useful free internet accessUsual retractable clothes line over bath=good. Anchor point installed upside down so line dropped out when laden=not good. No tea/coffee making facilities in room disappointing as other Novetel do. Rooms and corridors are tired, almost shabby. Overdue for refurbishment and not same standard as great lobby.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great stay great location for first time NYC visitors	Stayed 11 nights at the Novotel Times Square New York City, our room was on the 30th floor with a view toward Times Square. The room was clean and spacious, Cafe Nicole was a great place to start the day with breakfast, although there are tons of alternative choices of local delis within minutes from the hotel itself. The hotels outdoor terrace was a real plus to have a drink or just sit and take in the view. Only criticism would be that the staff on the reception desk could be a little more helpful, and how about free wifi, overall a very pleasant experience.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent location - perfect for Times Square experience!	Since this was our first time to New York we weren't sure of where we should stay. This ended up being the perfect location to enjoy all that Times Square has to offer. Our room was not fancy but it was clean. The lobby was very nice with a restaurant and bar which we didn't have the chance to try since we were trying to go and see as much of New York as possible. It always seemed busy so we thought that was a good sign. We would definitely stay here again when we return to New York.	
Oct 9 2009 	great location	knew from trip advisor and maps that this hotel was close to times square but didnt realise just how close, view from room and hotel balcony was amazing especially at night! room was spacious and cleaned daily. no problems whatsoever with lifts or rude staff. ate at hotel on last evening, truthfully was unimpressed and overpriced but apart from that would stay here again in a heartbeat and recommend	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	Midtown is an excellent location. Researched hotels in area and found Novotel to have the best features for the price. Arrived at hotel at 10 AM on a Friday, fully expecting to leave bags until check-in time. However, we were allowed to check in, and also received an upgrade to a higher floor with a Times Square view. Front desk personnel were great. Did not eat on site, but did have a drink at the bar. A little pricey in my opinion; draft beer was $7.00 and mixed drink was $13.00. Lounge is nice, and outside terrace is lovely. Location is wonderful! About a 10 minute walk north to Central Park, and a five minute walk south to Times Square. Felt completey safe on the streets at all hours. For dining, try Hells Kitchen area on 9th Avenue and the &quot;Resturant Row&quot; on 46th Street. Avoid all of the franchise places in Times Square since you can eat at those establishments back home.	
Oct 8 2009 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!!	Traveled to DC and NYC with my teenage son. The Novotel Hotel was centrally located in the heart of Times Square. We wasted no time getting to our destinations. The theater, restaurants, shopping and tour bus stop was within seconds of the front door. The room was attractive, clean and had a great view. Would recommend this to any traveler. Teenager loved the revolving front doo!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent	we went in July 2009. They were all really friendly at this hotel helped us get back to the airport and helped us with our stay and knowledge of NYC. We got more than we had expected. The location was brilliant and you had a lovely view of times square off the balcony. We were really happy with our stay and would go there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location trendy rooms and excellent bar staff	Stayed in the Novotel with my partner and friends. It was my partners first trip to the Big Apple and I had warned him that the rooms are normally quite compact. However, we were pleasantly surprised. We were given a special access room which had recently been updated which had an amazing wet room and a really comfy bed. If you creaked your neck out the window, you could even see Times Square.The hotel bar was quite expensive but it had great staff (thanks to Gerard and Heather). The terrace overlooked Times Square which was an amazing setting (am biased as my partner proposed to me), although it was a bit windy to sit outside when we were there!!!The check in was brief but curtious. The concierge was very helpful although they don't tell you thats its $1 to leave your bags with the bellman if you are waiing round for a flight!If you want a cheap brekkie then turn left when you come out of the hotel and head to the Cosmic Diner. However, if you fancy splashing out then I'd thoroughly recommend the Brooklyn Diner (there are 2, 1 off Times Square and one near Central Park). This diner was recommeded to us by a New Yorker and it didn't disappoint. The most perfect poached eggs.Cannot comment on the food in the hotel as I didn't try it. If you want a treat, go to the Michael Jordans Steakhouse in Grand Central station. The best steak ever and the most amazing location..... Be warned it is expensive!Overall, a great trip yet again in New York. Oh to live there :)	
Oct 7 2009 	Very Shabby Hote.	The lobby is the best part of this hotel. The rooms are really shabby and nothing works. No hot water during the day and the staff are not at all friendly. They were too busy talking to each other than help guest. The location of this hotel is great but that the only good thing I can say about it. Have stayed in better hotels in New York and won't be going back here again. The room even smelt of must. The prices at the bar are very expensive even dearer than on Time Square and forget the lifts they are never working.	
Oct 1 2009 	The location cannot be beat	It is a couple of years since we stayed here but you cannot beat the location as it is handy for the theatres and Times Square with some good restaurants close by.The last time we were there it was New Years Eve and we actually managed to stand outside on the balcony outside the bar area and we had the best view possible looking down Broadway to Times Square to see the ball drop at midnight.The hotel restaurant serves good food at reasonable prices, the bar drinks are quite expensive but they give you free nuts/appetisers on the table. The bedrooms are large and clean but a little dated and would benefit from a makeover but how much time do you really spend in your bedroom in New York?	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Value for money	I recently stayed at the Novotel &amp; found this hotel to be in a great location for the price!I dont really have anything negative to say apart from room service dishes sitting outside another rooms door all day that was a little poor however it didnt directly affect us.The bed was comfortable, we had a massive window overlooking Times Square and the room &amp; bathroom were very spacious!I will definetely be staying here next time I visit New York - you cant beat it for cleanliness &amp; price!	
Sep 30 2009 	brilliant	what a fantastic hotel,no problems,no waiting for lifts,great views from 29th floor over to jersey,friendly staff.i will stay here again when i return to new york	
Sep 29 2009 	We made an excellent choice	Stayed for 6 nights and cannot believe that we were in the same hotel as writers of last 2 reviews. All the staff were helpful. The room was excellent - plenty of space for the amount of luggage most people have for a stay in New York. The bed was comfy and the room kept clean and tidy. Plenty of hot water. Amazing view down Broadway to Times Square. Reception area partly redocorated during evening and on going programme of updating seems to be in action as with any large hotel.Came back one night to find only one lift working but were taken up to our rooms (28th floor) with a member of staff in service elevator. Facilities to make coffee in room would be good and we didn't use restaurant so cannot comment. We did think that charging to leave luggage with porter was a bit of a cheek.If you intend to use hop on hop off buses would recomment City Sights NY (Blue buses not red ones) Same prices, same routes but less crowded - especially in the afternoon.Excellent French Restaurant, booked at info. centre on Broadway which gave us a 10%discount as well. Agree Cosmic diner and Starlight restaurant both excellent for any meal of the day, but so much choice needed to stay longer.The Church on Times Square (in same building as hotel) is truly amazing so if you are there on a Sunday try it.	
Sep 28 2009 	Dump	This Hotel should be advertised as a 2* hotel not 4*. The Rooms and corridors are filthy and in need of renovation. The staff are rude and when asked a question they all just shug shoulders. There was no hot water during the day time. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. I have stayed in better 2* hotels. The lifts were slow to say the least, in the evening there was a 40 minute wait for a lift up to the rooms, there were 4 lifts and only 1 worked. The price of drink in the bar is outrageous. To leave your luggage with the porter costs $5, this was the first time I was ever changed for this service. I wouldn't recommend this Hotel, last time in NY we stayed in the Hemsley and this was a much better hotel.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fantastic :)	This hotel is FAB..we stayed for my mother in laws 60th birthday.It was great from the moment we entered the hotel, we were made so welcome and given a fantasic view of times square.Nothing was to difficult for any member of staff who were all very curtious.My mother in law recieved a birthday cake on the morning of her birthday which was a nice personal touch..We are heading back for my birthday on the 28th november this year.I totally reccommed this hotel for everything ...	
Sep 21 2009 	Don't take too many clothes	Stayed here for 6 nights early September before sailing back to UK so had 2 fairly full cases.Wardrobe/hanging space was almost non existent,we had a super room on floor 29, loads of space to move around in,great views of Times Square,lovely hot showers,couldn't fault at all except for having to leave most of our clothes in their cases.Such a shame,loads of empty wall space could easily be converted to wardrobe and drawer space.Would still go back,just tavel lighter!	
Sep 17 2009 	Superb!	Amazing hotel, clean, spacious, perfect location, wonderful staff, yummy breakfast, excellent value for money.only downside, in 2008 there were only 2 computers available to guests and I had to check in the airport online. A group of teenagers were using both computers for a long time which meant I had to wait until they'd finished which took up about half an hour of my afternoon when I could have been shopping!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Amazin!!!	This hotel was AMAZIN!! Location is fantastic, right in the heart of Times Square!!! The hotel was bright and spacious, and the reception and bar area were lovely. Sitting in the restaurant or sky bar gave fab views of Times Square. The staff were so friendly and very helpful. We were given a room on the 32nd floor, the view was fantastic, and the room was so spacious, even with a sofa and coffee table. The decor was lovely, very modern!! Bathroom was very nice as well. We had fantastic stay in New York for my 30th Birthday!! And did all the tourist things!! Rockafella Top Of The Rock was superb!!! And the Red Sightseeing Buses are really great value and you find out so much info on them, the guides are great. Another highlight for me was seeing the Naked Cowboy in Times Square!! Would love to go back!! Fantastic Hotel xx	
Sep 9 2009 	Amazing trip	We stayed at the Novotel at the end of August for 7 nights. Location of the hotel was perfect for us - Empire State, Central Park, Rockefellar Centre, subway all within easy walking distance. Our room was located on the 10th floor and overlooked Times Square which we were really happy with. Room itself was really quiet - couldn't hear any traffic. The only real noise I would mention was the pipes during the night!Didn't eat in the hotel as we always ate out but we had a couple of drinks on the rooftop bar which I would recommend - great view of Times Square. Also nice to relax on the loungers for an hour or so after a long days sightseeing.Although the room had no tea/coffee facilities I used to pop to the Cosmic Diner which was just across the street (corner of 52nd and 9th) where a tea and coffee cost $3 which was a great way to start the day.I'd recommend the Circle Line bus tours. For $54 we got a 48 hour pass which included downtown tour, uptown tour, Brooklyn tour, night tour, boat tour, $10 off a meal at Planet Hollywood and a free pass to the Museum of American History - the downtown tour was our first real view of Manhatten and it was nice to see the sights and learn a bit of the history off the tour guide.We did both the Empire State and Rockefellar although we preferred the Rockefellar as the views are better - but you can't go to New York and not go up the Empire State Buiding!All in all a fantastic trip.	
Sep 5 2009 	recommend the hotel	Fantastic location, near buses, subway, shops, diners, others. Very nice large room with 2 big twin beds and lots of storage place, 27th floor with beautiful view on Times Square. Did not like we had to use 2 elevators to get to our floor, but you get used to it. They do not tell you, but they have free coffee in the lobby early in the morning (between 6 and 7). They also have an office for guests with 2 computers and a printer free of charge, usuall already token, except for the early morning hours. Staff very pleasant and helpful. The first day we asked for a fridge which cost extra money and they sent up a very dirty old rusted fridge, so we asked them to return it and managed somehow in putting some of our stuff in the minibar. The day before we left, my husband found a piece of glass on the floor, which does not show they clean the room very well. They offered to come and clean the room again in the evening, which was not convenient to us, because we were packing. I would have expected a more sincere apology about it. He could have hurt himself.. Twice we did not get clean towels. But all over we were very pleased with the room and the hotel. We were there for 14 nights.	
Sep 4 2009 	Novotel Times Square	This hotel is easily bookable on line, prepayable. We stayed here a couple of years ago &amp; decided to go back as the hotel is well located &amp; rooms were larger than a lot of other hotels in NYC.Hotel is very well placed on the corner of West 52nd/Broadway so ideally located for Broadway, Times Sq, 5th Ave shops, Central Park &amp; all the main musuems around this area.Hotel room was very clean, spacious &amp; functional, but in my opinion now looked very tired in terms of decor (didn't remember this last time we stayed so maybe we had a better room 2 yrs ago). However it is still a good base &amp; was very clean.There are no in room tea/coffee making facilities which was disappointing. No need to book breakfast in the hotel as this is expensive. Would highly recommend Ellens Starlight Diner which is just one block away. A 50s style diner with singing waiters/waitresses who are all budding broadway stars so have good voices. Food is good &amp; broad choice.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic Location with Amazing View	Stayed here for 5 Nights at the end of August, What can I say a fantasic view of Times Square and the Hudson River. We stayed in room 3105 and it was a big, clean room with a comfy sized bed and plasma TV and a good sized bathroom. Cleaned everyday to a good standard. The location made the hotel worth it in itself with the Empire State Building, Macys, Central Park and The Rockafella centre all with in easy walking distance.The bar within the hotel has a great outside view of Times Square. Would recommend staying at this hotel again. The staff on a whole were very professional and friendly.We had a couple of problems with the safe in the room but the problems were solved quickly.	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic location	When you travel to New York in summer like we did, then you certainly don't want to spend too much time in your hotel room. For our first trip to the Big Apple the Novotel Times Square was the perfect hotel. The location was brilliant and from our room we were able to see Times Square and the Buzz on Broadway. The room was clean, the staff at the hotel very friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the Skydeck as well as the view from there was great. In the evenings we dined in Hells Kitchen (close to the hotel on 9th Avenue) and lots of Attractions were within walking distance (Central Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue, etc.). We can definitely recommend this hotel and would return there on our next trip to New York.	
Sep 2 2009 	Perfect location great price ok rooms	We stayed at the Novotel Times Square for 4 nights at the end of Aug, our party consisted of myself my good lady and 2 teenagers. The hotel was ideally located for 2 subways on different lines, which was a great help as we seemed to spend a lot of time going up and down manhatta. The layout of the hotel is a tad odd the entrance only contains two lifts which you use to get to the lobby you then have to walk across the lobby to get you another set of lifts to get to your room. The room was'nt huge, but having 2 doubles in the room probably didnt help. but is was clean and adequate. The bathroom was sizeable and clean, the only grumble here, and it seems to be a very american thing, is there was no heated mirror in the bathroom and the fan didnt seem to work therefore if you had a shower and wanted to do you hair you had to do it in the room as opposed to the bathroom. Room had a lcd tv, which was almost impossible to use as channel selection was sooooo slow. There was a fridge in the room, however, this had been filled up with the hotels drinks and candy therefore there was no room for our goodies. All in a good hotel in a great location for a reasonable price, we would consider staying there again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Location.	This hotel is in a great location on 52nd, the entrance is round the corner from time square. Check In was smooth and our room was nice, a little dim even with all of the lamps on but still nice and a good size. I was a little disappointed at first that the Television was only pay per view but we was in new york so we weren't in the room that much anyway. We ate in the hotel the first morning for breakfast which had a nice selection of continental breakfast and there was an open eating area with great views of time square however opted not to eat there again because we were charged just under $75 for 3 breakfasts and that was without a tip. Overall i would recommend this hotel to others purely for the location.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent location on times square. Loads of shows to pick from	Went to NY for my 40th,Was upgraded to a room on the 33rd floor over looking times square it was amazing!! Novotel is a great base with a few theatres very close by.I went to mama-mia, it was brill!! We never ate in the hotel as there are plenty good eating places close-by. My only gripe about the room was there are no tea/coffee maiking facilities in the rooms however they serve coffee in the loby free of charge until 8am(thats ok if your up early). There's a macdonalds just round the corner for a coffee to go!!We used the blue sightseeing bus the first few days which was a fab way of finding out where everything was. Liberty island is a must-its amazing! The rockafellar centre has better views than the empire but they were both good.A few good eating places include Dermott O'leary's which is just across the road, planet hollywood, dave &amp; busters(about a 10min walk). There are lots of pizza/pasta places which are cheap. We would def stay at the novotel again.(hopefully next year)	
Aug 23 2009 	Great view on Time Square	We enjoyed this hotel for 5 days: at 300m from time square (52street, Broadway) , excellent view from our bedroom, and from the big breakfast room.Inside the hotel, everything is clean and not oldish, in the opposite of many other hotels in this city.You can't hear the noise from street (because this is not time square yet) , but our room wasn't quiet because you can hear your neighbours. Anyway, the bed was really comfortable, the room was big, well furnished, the staff was very quick to repair our AC, the reception desk was billingual (French and English)... so you are sure to relax at this hotel.Be careful, everything is really nice there but your credit card may suffer a bit !	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Location	Novotel is conveniently located. Walking distance from Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, Broadway Theatres, and not too far from Central Park. Subway is a 10 minute walk away. The Sky Bar is probably the nicest feature of the hotel. We enjoyed drinks one evening while overlooking the lights and activity of Times Square. Our room was on the 20th floor (2006) and we had an excellent view of Times Square. The room was quiet, bed was comfortable but the room could use some updating. Needs some paint but was clean and sufficient for a long weekend trip. Checkin staff and bell staff were very helpful. Overall, the hotel was satisfactory.	
Aug 9 2009 	amazing hotel/amazing location.	i stayed at the novotel in february for 5 nights with my partner and 5 other family members,this was a dream holiday for me as ive always wanted to go to new york and it was better than i ever imagined. we got the subway to the hotel from the airport, luckily my brother who lives over there met us so knew what stop to get off etc,HOTEL- when i arrived we were greeted by friendly staff, willing to help in any way.(although there was one incident that happened which was tiny and they gave us a room upgrade with a beautiful view and free breakfast in the morning, our rooms where extremely spacious(from what i hear new york hotel rooms can be like a shoe box)so we had more than enough room for all our suitcases and clothes, the bathroom was very clean and the view we had over time square was out of this world, LOCATION- the location is fantasitc, empire state is only a few blocks away(10 min walk if that)5th ave,central park, all the broadway shows at your doorstep and for the blokes hooters is only about 2 blocks away!!!FOOD- we had breakfast every morning in the hotel which was very tasty, eggs/bacon/sausages/bagels/pancakes/fruit/cereal and mush much more, we found that if we had alot for breakfast it would fill us till the evening even though we were walking all day for hours at a time. we ate out at hard rock one evening which was lovely and even though its busy we didnt have to wait for our food,OVERALL- i would reccommend this hotel to anyone, im planning on going back in feb 2010 and will definatley be staying in this hotel again without a doubt, although we where hardly ever in the room the views we had are such a reflection on what we see in books about new york will stay in my memory for forever	
Aug 6 2009 	Absolutely Positively the Best Hotel !!	Great hotel. We had some problems with our reservation but Steve Lopez, Asst. Desk Mgr. took care of that quickly and made sure we got the room we were guaranteed when we made reservations directly with the hotel. Very friendly staff, great views of Times Square from our 31st floor room, size of the room was very large with a king size bed and pull-out sofa, bathroom was good size, the room itself and the bathroom were both very clean, the safe in the room is a plus to leave valuables and money in, elevator service was good as we experienced no delays in getting up from the ground floor with the two elevators to the 5th floor lobby and then the four elevators from the lobby level went quickly to the rooms and the hotel was completely sold out during our time we were there, bellmen were very friendly and humerous and gave us some good stories, we didn't eat in the restaurant or visit the bar but the terrace outside does give some great views of Times Square where you can eat at or have a drink, this hotel is in a great location with access to several various subway stations a five minute walk away, it is one block away from the Gershwin Theater where Wicked is playing, good deli's with cheap prices close by as are some restaurants. They also have a little gift shop with some good prices of various items, they also provide free USA Today newspaper on Monday through Friday, there is a spot on the lobby area on the 5th floor for kids to play video games and it was always being used it seemed.This was the second time we've stayed at the Novotel on our two trips to NYC and wouldn't think of staying anywhere else. You just can't beat the view of Times Square from here and everyone who stayed there seemed to be walking around with a smile on their faces. A++ is my grade for this hotel!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Love love loved it	Stayed here for my very first trip to New York and having been back 4 times since and trying different hotels around Times Square each time none have lived up to my experience in the Novotel. The location was excellent, bar welcoming and the staff super. Got great value also booking through Ebookers. i've recommended it to friends many times and all have enjoyed the experience as much as me. Can't wait to go back to both New York and Novotel	
Jul 28 2009 	Fab Time	I took my hubby for his 40th birthday, we didn't plan on staying in much so this hotel was perfect. Fab location, right in the middle of Times Square, we could walk to most attractions, Empire State, Rockafella Centre, Central Park, Bloomingdales,Maceys and loads more. We bought tickets for the Greyline buses and they were great, tour guide on every bus giving you info on the districts you are in. Loads of nice places to eat (Cosmic Diner round the corner was really good and value for money). Hotel a bit pricey for food but you don't need to eat in, too much choice on Times Square. Bartender, Bertrand is a mad Man Utd fan and loves english footie, will talk about it all day. All the hotel staff were really friendly and helpful. We would deffinatly go back there again.	
Jul 21 2009 	It was OK ---- for NYC	I found my stay at the Novotel NYC to be ok for a budget traveler. Before traveling I was alarmed by the reviews from other American travelers staying at this hotel, they seem to be rather harsh where as Europeans seemed to rate their accomodations substantially higher. It is best if you book your rooms directly with the hotel, if you go through a travel site you might ened up getting shafted on your room location. My room had a perfect view of times square, I did book directly with the hotel and I did ask for a room with a good view. The room was a little dusty but it was ok for the price and location. This hotel is very close to two 24 hour drug stores (Duane Reed) and you can purchase small snack items so go ahead and opt for the in room fridge for sodas and things you need to keep cold. There were also several cool diners and delis in the area, the (cosmic diner &quot;Great Pancakes&quot;, there is a really pizza spot about a block away, mc donalds and the stardust diner, the stardust had a 50's theme and they provide live entertainment from breakfast thru late evening dinner. There are several theaters near by (as of 7/2009 shows such as Billy Elliot, Mama Mia, Wicked and Lion King were all in close proximity to the hotel, I was able to take a short hike to an off off broadway show and it wasnt too bad of a walk. Several banks near by Chase and B of A to name a few).If you have read other reviews you will know about the 3:00 rule - they are serious about this and I saw several pple checking in and having to wait till three to take possession of their rooms. Coordinate your flight accordingly.LGA is the closest airport, I found super shuttle it is the most reasonable thing smoking from the LGA. Super shuttle is an 11 seater van and you will be in close proximity to other passengers plan your time accordingly because the super shuttle stops at several hotels your trip maybe close to an hour and a half depending on what maybe going on in the area. Overall the room was adequate and I would stay there agian only of I could get the same rate as before.Beware of the double decker buses, the windows are obscured and you are not able to really take good photos from the lower decks (greylines was customer service was weak, citysite not sure about them) grey lines was to go to see the city but you have to be on the upper deck some time the buses come by and they are no seats in the upper deck.People will not really answer questions on the streets, (so know before you go) - get a lay of the land from riding the tour bus, get a street map from the hotel and get a subway map from the airport as soon as you get off the plane. The airport has lots of &quot;Things To Do Brochures and maps&quot; get that stuff there.They have only two computer and they is always a line for intenet service.Workoutroom was very good, and never crowed.The Hamburgers, Fries and Mashed Potatoes were good from the hotel resturant (if you like a southern flare) It is a French hotel and they cook in the french style. So Happy Traveling	
Jul 19 2009 	Very nice location Average Hotel	I went for 9 nights to NYC with my girlfriend for a holiday. The hotel is about a 100m walk from the centre of Times Square so is in an ideal location! The rooms are cleaned and the staff also ok.	
Jul 16 2009 	Would happily return!	The rooms were very clean and I found the staff helpful. It goes without saying the location was top notch.On the down side, the cleaners knocked at 7.30am one morning. So I put the do not disturb sign on until I left the room. Otherwise it was a great experience.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fantastic location ideal hotel for visiting New York	I went for 5 nights to NY with a friend for a holiday. We got a taxi from Newark airport to the hotel which cost $80 (including tolls and tip). The hotel is about a 100m walk from the centre of Times Square so is in an ideal location! Although we didn't pay extra for a view of Times Sq, we could still see part of it and had a good view anyway. There were a coupel metro stations very close to the hotel which took you anywhere in Manhattan. We paid $27 for a 7 day metro pass which was well worth it. The hotel lobby is on about the 5th floor which is very modern and inviting. There is a large restaurant (Cafe Nicole) and an outdoor terrace which overlooks Times Square and is very fashionably styled. We ended up enjoying drinks out here most nights rather than bothering with any other bars. Definitely one of the best views of any bar in Manhattan.Our room was very spacious. We asked for a twin room which comprised of 2 double beds (a double bed each!!) and a large bathroom. Beds were very comfortable and rooms were cleaned daily. There was a new flatscreen TV with loads of channels and the option of pay movies. We also had a large wardrobe, a powerful hairdryer in the bathroom and an iron and ironing board. The only ever so slight problem was the shower was slightly erratic but still quite powerful. Although we overlooked a busy road on the edge of Times Square, the windows were soundproof so we slept soundly the whole time. The air conditoning was lovely and cool. We didn't pay the rather extortionate price of $20 per day for breakfast; instead we went to a place about 50 metres up the road called 'Cosmic Diner' every day for breakfast. It was reasonably priced and did everything you could imagine for breakfast. Overall I would definitely stay in this hotel again if I came to New York.	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic location Ok hotel Horrible staff	The Novotel Times Square is probably the best located hotel in NYC, and since NYC is the most important city in the world, does that not mean that this is the best located hotel in the world? Philosophical contemplation aside, it is basically as close as possible to TS without dumping you in the middle of the hordes.When we arrived at the hotel at just 5:00 AM, there was no one at the front desk. We tried shouting into the back room but they pretended not to hear us. Eventually a bar tender appeared and he went into that same room we were shouting in and dragged out a very sleepy employee who very clearly did not want to be there or help us. We booked two rooms with two double beds: We got two rooms with a king in each. We went back to the front desk to complain to a different guy who appeared and he was the rudest, coldest, most disnterested clerk I have ever encountered. Let's just say our request wasn't met and we put up with the kings for the rest of our stay. Another request that didn't get met was at least one room overlooking TS, but that had a happy side-effect of getting a near unobstructed view of the 4th of July fireworks.As for the room itself, while clean (and quite large for NYC), it was in desperate need of renovation. The bed covers are of the old colored variety, which I thought had been phased out in most hotels at least a few years ago. All furniture and walls were scuffed, dented, nicked, and in general really tired. Gaps were appearing in the cheap-looking ceiling panels, and some of them were filled in with some ugly paste that made the ceiling look worse! At least the TV was very new. Another annoyance was an internet connection that would cut out every 2 minutes. The bathroom was also large and well-appointed, but again looking pretty tired and mold was starting to grow in the shower.The nicest amenity of the hotel was the 7th floor terrace overlooking Times Square. Just bring some company and chill out for an evening watching Times Square go from light to darkness. All the seating was comfy and there seemed to be a good selection of drinks if you're into that.After our previous experiences with the staff, we were too scared to try the restaurant, but what I do know is that breakfast is outrageously expensive (think $20 per person) given all the options at your doorstep. If all you want is coffee and good pastries, try the Starbucks across the street - there it costs $20 for a family of 4!Given the price we paid, I don't think we got a bad deal, but I can't recommend staying here if renovations don't happen soon. However I think I'll try nearby Hampton Inn next time.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent location	Stayed here for 5 nights and 6 days with a friend. Booked a room with two double beds through their website. Checked in earlier around 1-30pm which was no problem and staff were friendly and helpful. The lobby is actually not on ground level, so you need to take a lift to reach it. Our flight was not until late in the evening, so the hotel minded our luggage for $1 per bag until we were ready to collect. They also suggested a car to take us to Newark airport for $75 including tolls which we took, but would probably get a taxi instead as it wasn't much different! We found out on the last day that travellers cheques can be exchanged for cash without a commission charge (providing it is no more than $200/room/day). Rooms were a little dated but clean and comfortable. We had a room on the 16th floor which overlooked Broadway and Times Square (if you put your cheek to the window!) We didn't have breakfast so could not comment on that, but had some lovely pancakes and eggs most mornings at Cosmic Diner on the corner of 52nd and 8th Ave. The hotel has a nice outdoor bar which overlooks times square and Broadway. Most evenings they had 'happy hour' (usually 5-7pm) and had certain spirits 2 for 1, such as Absolut Vodka. Sometimes we struggled to get a seat, but the staff were very helpful in rearranging chairs to provide you with somewhere to sit. The location is excellent, you are within 2 minutes of Times Square and easy reach of several theatres. There are also several Metro stations nearby (50th/Broadway, 50th/8th Ave, 53rd/7th Ave, Times Square 42nd Street) which provided excellent links all around the city. We bought a 7 day metro card for ~$28 which was well used. I wouldn't bother going to the TKTS booth in Times Square, we often saw queues stretching for hours. We visited the TKTS office near South Street Sea Port which had a queue of approx 10 minutes and still had the same selection of musicals and shows on offer. It is a bit out of the way, but if you are visiting the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island etc, then it isn't far to go from there!	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Novotel	I stayed 4 nights at this hotel and had a enjoyable experience. Reception was grand, no queues. Frank served us and was very friendly and helpful. Our room wasn't ready at first but one came available as we spoke which was great. It was my husbands birthday and he gave us free drink passes which was very nice. Our room was on the 28th floor.. fantastic view of times square (which I had booked). was not disappointed. Breathtaking. Rooms were grand. nice and comfortable. Needed a bit of updating but we were happy with our room. We had a problem with our hairdryer and someone came up straight away to repair. Maids was also very friendly. Didn't eat at hotel so no experience there.. . Drinks are expensive at hotel so be prepared. Go across to ellens diner across the road for a bite to eat, they all sing to you when you eat. Subway is also outside. Great location. 2nd time at new York and would recommend this hotel to others and would return again myself.	
Jul 6 2009	Novotel New York	Spent 4 nights, 5 days in New York and stayed at Novotel. Booked Standard twin bedded room which turned out to be twin double bedded room with ensuite. Very clean, comfortable beds, bathroom with bath and shower great. The Hotel staff were very friendly and were happy to help with anything, nothing too much trouble. Very courteous and polite. The location was safe and 50 metre walk to Times Square. Did not eat at Hotel but used local outlets, loved the fresh fruit breakfasts. Found portion sizes enormous so my daughter and I often only ordered one meal with two plates. The city is very safe environment, many Police and security visible on the streets. Used the subway, not great as found it dirty and very basic no comparision to London Underground system, but cheap way to travel about, from Times Square to Statue of Liberty on subway $4.50 for two which is equal to approx £3. Loved all the shops naturally, designer clothing is a little cheaper however in Maceys and Blomingdales they have lots of offers. Get a visitor card from both stores which gives you an additional 10 per off the price including sale items. You need a form of id like passport or driving licence to get the discount card. Will definitely go again. Flew with BA comfortable no hassel flights both ways. Meals on board were o.k. Can Recommend Hotel and would definitely go back.	
Jul 1 2009 	Just Okay Hotel in Awesome Location	We visited this hotel for two nights during a four night trip to NYC. They had a room ready for us when we arrived at 2 pm, though the front desk staff were not overly welcoming or friendly until we made the first move to 'cheer them up'. We had a room overlooking Broadway and could see Times Square off to the far right, and were located on the 18th floor. It was a smoking room, so there were a few burn marks here and there, including in the blackout curtains which would glow like stars in the sky when the morning sun would rise. No coffee maker in the room. The decor was quite tired and dated, and just felt kind of 'dingy', not the kind of carpet that you want to walk around on in bare feet. Good things - tv was a nice flat panel, and the minibar was nice to have too (but expensive of course). It was nice that the window opened. The front desk had said the hotel was completely booked, but in the room I did not notice any noise from the hallways or rooms around us; it was nice and quiet.The 2 lifts from the lobby to the street level were often busy, but we would just use the stairs if it too congested. I don't think we would stay here again unless we got a great deal. And I have no right to complain this time either since we only paid $159 a night, and I know that is great deal (but after two nights here we stayed two nights at the Millenium Broadway for the same price, and comparing the two, the Millenium was far superior in all aspects).	
Jul 1 2009 	Perfect location!	I booked this hotel after procuring a great price for a night. We needed to be near Rockefeller and this hotel was as close as I could get within my budget. Best decision I made! The place is is a PERFECT location! Times Square is up the street a block or two, Broadway is right outside the hotel doors and there are plenty of places to eat all around. There is a Duane Reade right outside the doors as well.Yes, the rooms are small and some of them need updating, but for two adults, an infant and a 12 year old, it was fine. The staff is friendly, accommodating and helpful! This may become my go to hotel going forward!Oh and as a treat there is a Crumbs Bakery across the street...great place for a scrumptious snack!	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location overlooking Broadway plays and Times Square right around the corner. All attractions in walking distance	Visited New York city for first time in October 2008 and fell in love ! Beautiful city, everything so close. We walked everywhere. We stayed at the Novotel New York Times Square hotel and it was in a great location. Right on the corner of Broadway (the theatres) and about a block from Times Square. A couple block only to Firth Avenue shops and Rockefeller Square. the people in New York were so friendly and polite. Also helpful. Anyone who sees you with a map, will ask if they can help you. Tip - to see the Statue of Liberty take the city bus down Broadway ($2) to the end and get off at the Staten Island ferry terminal. Walk onto ferry (free) and sail across to the island. You go right past the Statue. Just walk off the ferry and get back on again at the other side and you will see the Statue a second time. We went across while still sunny, and came back as the sun was setting. We got some great photos. Did not have to spend a lot of money on a harbour tour to Liberty. Other great area sto explore are Canal Street, Greenwich Village, Soho, Macy's and we took the same bus down Broadway to all those areas for $2. You can ask for a transfer and use it to get onto another bus going back the other way (or another location) within 2 hours, I believe. Great way to get around New York quickly and cheaply! We took the bus up to Central Park one day and then walked back along Fifth Ave and visited the Plaza Hotel along the way also. So beautiful. I will definitely visit New York again. I loved it and the weather was great the entire week we visited.	
Jun 30 2009 	good hotel rooms need updating but perfect location	Stopped at this hotel for our honeymoon found it good value for money. perfect location in times square. Rooms are clean but need updating.	
Jun 26 2009 	Just OK in NYC	A very average hotel in a good location. Clean enough, but the staff were not very friendly, just did their job and no more. No offer of porters to help with luggage for example. Room was OK, clean enough, but needed a refurb. Poor TV channel selection. Only 4 elevators for 33 floors meant there was sometimes a frustrating wait.	
Jun 21 2009	Avoid this hotel with horror staff from hell	Just back from a 3-day trip to New York with my mum. Both of us enjoyed the city and we liked the central location of our hotel.When we arrived, the guy at the door shouted at fellow group members because they did not bring their luggage along quickly enough. Then, the whole grope had to squeeze into two tiny elevators to reach the check-in. The staff was really rude to our Tour Leader, who was told to “get her group out of the way” because the tired tourists crowded in front of the desk…hey, what are we? Cows or what?The room we got did not look very modern (more like the 80s), but it was clean. Then we got a call from the TL who was looking for a suitcase that was missing. It was found two hours later, in the elevator! The staff put that suitcase in the wrong room and the guest who got it put it in the elevator! The owners were, of course, happy to get their suitcase back, but the experience was anything but pleasant for them. Moreover, the did not even get a WORD OF EXCUSE FROM THE STAFF!!!We slept well and breakfast was ok, too. During the second evening, some members of our group wanted to have a drink at the hotel before dinner and sat down at one of those small tables next to the bar, and waited…and waited…and waited. Finally, the TL got up and had to walk to the bar to ask one of the 3 staff members standing there and watching TV if we could have something to drink!LOUSY SERVICE!!!…But I haven’t told you the worst yet: On the last morning, my mum and I finished packing our suitcases and went to the bathroom one last time before leaving. But then…it happened: the flush wouldn’t stop, water started to creep over the toilet and on the floor…and, of course, the phone to the reception was not working! I had to run down (from the 26th floor) to the reception to call for help. When I got back, the whole room was flooded – and there was nobody there. I think that they did not take me seriously…My mum and I had to rescue our things out of the room and then, I run down a second time. This time, I tried to make clear that there was an EMERGENCY and that we needed help NOW. When I came back, the water was already coming from under the door on the corridor and, FINALLY, someone arrived, but walking very, VERY slowly. Again, not a word to us, no excuse, not a look…You will not be surprise if I tell you that we never heard a word of excuse from the staff, that we did not get a free drink or an apology from the direction.Avoid this hotel if you can. It is too expensive, old and it has the worst staff from Hell I have ever seen…	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Location	Hard to beat location, we had a room on the 22nd floor directly overlooking Times Square looking down Broadway - I find it hard to believe there would have been a better view anywhere. The room was quite tired and had obviously been a smoking room in the past as it smelt quite unpleasant. The closet doors were broken and the room safe worked intermittently. That said, the bed was comfortable and the reception service was excellent - we managed to check in some 2 hours early. It was also well soundproofed as we were undisturbed and got some very good nights' sleep. Service in the restaurant was average and on numerous occasions, the staff would argue in public, to the detriment of attention to customers. In addition, there was constant, sometimes explicit, pressure to tip the staff - even after a buffet breakfast and irrespective of the quality of service! To be fair though, some staff members were very good and did receive tips from us. The food was generally good as was the overall ambience.Overall, I would recommend a stay in this hotel as the downsides were minor niggles as opposed to significant issues.	
Jun 16 2009	Brilliant location - very comfortable hotel	I travelled to New York with my daughter who is in her 20s. We arrived at the Novotel hotel in Times Square earlier than check-in, but had lost track of time. However, our room on the 12th floor was ready. The reception staff were very friendly and approachable and we felt very welcome.The room was perfectly adequate with two large king sized beds (I booked a twin room). The room almost overlooked Times Square and was air-conditioned. There was flat screened TV with free internet access through the TV for surfing the net. I wanted to send e-mails home and the charge for this was $9.95 for 24 hours internet access. There was an ice machine just a couple of doors away from our room which was very useful. There was an iron and full ironing board also which we didn't expect. There is a very nice comfortable bar area with an outside terrace on the 7th floor with sunbeds and outdoor sofas. Drinks are served out there in the evening which was really pleasant, although a bit expensive. The dining room/breakfast room (Nicole Cafe) is lovely. It is like a conservatory on the 7th floor and is directly overlooking Times Square. We didn't have an evening meal in the restaurant, but the All American Breakfast Buffet was really good with something for everyone and as much as you can eat - although again not cheap.Room service was excellent and we sampled this on two evenings. The food arrived within 20 minutes and the portions were huge and we shared a meal on the second evening.Concierge staff and the front door staff who look after the luggage are extremely friendly and helpful.I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for a stay. It is well placed for all the Broadway shows and those shows off Broadway too. We enquired about seeing a show but the price of tickets was $124 which far exceeds the London shows and we decided against this. We did find out on our last day that there is a temporary cash booth selling discounted theatre tickets in Times Square which is just below the steps used for taking photos of Times square. There are long queues for this but it may be well worth waiting.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel - will be coming back!	I just returned from 2 nights at Novotel and it was fantastic. This was a last minute trip - price was right, staff was freindly and helpful, location was perfect. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at Novotel for Thanksgiving 2008.After a long flight from Ireland, we were delighted to arrive at a warm, clean, centrally located hotel. We paid a little extra for the view of Times Square - well worth it! Such a view to wake up to! The bed was SOOO comfy! The only downside to Novotel was that I didn't want to get up for our early starts - we had so much to pack into our short trip.The staff were very friendly, at reception and at the door. The hotel is in such a great location - close to anything you want to do in Manhattan. It was a bit pricey, I will admit, but so is anything decent in such a top location. I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel to friends and would return here if we are ever lucky enough to visit New York again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very comfortable...and convenient	very centrally located....all facilities that you would need are available...staff is not the best....all else is good	
Jun 6 2009 	The Best Times Square View	I´ve stayed with my family last march 2009. First of all we´ve stayed at 12 floor, but we had a problem with one of the beds, we needed to move to 16 floor. The staff took a complete day to solve the the problem and relocate us.In both rooms we stayed in front of Times square, it was so magic.The location is perfect, near Rockfeller Center,Madame Toussaud, central park.If you have good legs to walk can go on foot to empire states building and Natural History Museum.	
May 28 2009 	Hard to Beat Location	Hotel is located just north of the heart of Times Square. So convenient to subway stations, Broadway theaters, Central Park (south end), Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Columbus Circle, Carnegie Hall, etc. Checked in before 3 pm but luckily our room was ready. No view but we didn't want to pay extra for one. Our room was a bit rundown (worn carpet &amp; upholstery) but acceptable. Found someone's old sock underneath the couch. At least the room was large and gave our toddler son space to run around. If he's happy, we're happy. Friendly front desk staff and helpful concierge. Enjoyed pricey dinner at Cafe Nicole - the hotel restaurant - with view overlooking Times Square. Our toddler had a five-course meal too. Great service from wait staff. Free internet access in room. Spent 4 nights there. We thought the room was drafty and noisy until we noticed on our last morning as we packed up to leave that the window was slightly ajar the entire time. Had we checked the window more carefully, our stay probably would have been more comfortable. Still, the noise didn't bother us and our toddler slept well. Again, if he's happy, so are we.	
May 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel great location	This is a great hotel for tourists wanting to see NYC. It is a great location 10 minute walk from Central Park. Right on Broadway and a great view of Times Square.We travelled with a young child (2 years old at the time). The rooms were great very spacious and clean and we paid extra for a view of times square which was great at night with all the lights. You pay extra for breakfast which we only did once as there are lots of places around the hotel that serve great food all day which are far better value.	
May 21 2009 	Greeat Location!	This hotel is i nan ideal location for visiting New York! It is just off Broadway so is perfect for shopping, sightseeing and definately taking in a show!!! West Side Story was out of this world, the total highlight of my trip!Don't be expecting anything too flashy with this hotel but the rooms are really clean with a big bath and shower so exactly what we were looking for on our 5 day trip! We were only ever in the room for sleeping and a quick shower before going out to dinner!An extra perk with this hotel is the doormen will look after your bags on the day you check out so you can still go out and enjoy your day if you are on a late flight home like we were. They charge a dollar a bag but was well worth it!	
May 21 2009 	Great location - loved it	First trip to NY and a great central location to do all the touristy stuff. tour bus just outside,times square just outside, central park 5 mins.rooms are nice and clean, was on the 30th floor with a view of times square if i squashed my face against the window :) .check in/out no problems.The bar is excellent with a balcony outside, but very expensive $6 for a beer + tip.would defo return.	
May 19 2009 	Loved it!	I stayed here for 4 days in Jan, and it was the best hotel i have ever stayed in. The room was so big, bigger than i taught it would be. The bed was so comfortable and soft. Location is great, staff are really friendly and helpful. I would never stay any where else, and rates are great, i booked through their own website. Defo going back here again, would not look anywhere else, and i have been recommending it to all my friends.	
May 17 2009 	Novotel was more than adiquate for me	I booked my stay in the Novotel before i read some of the report's on trip advisor and was a little worried, however i was suprised @ just how close i was to everything. times square was literaley round the corner, central park was a five min walk away theater district was on my doorstep and if your a shopaholic.. well when you get back you may need some time in rehab. The hotel itself was better than i expected, the food i know nothing about because i ate out all the time i found the price of a beer a bit much $8, the rooms were clean enough and somebody mentioned noisey elevators i heard nothing. I quiet liked the layout of the cafe. all in all the hotel was fine for me and i will return to New York one day because you need more than four days to see everything you wanna see	
May 12 2009 	Awesome Location and Extremely Affordable	Stopped in the Novotel for one week at the start of May. Hotel was very clean in the lobby and the bar/terrace was a great place to sit and relax. Drink prices were reasonable although food was a slight bit expensive. Hotel is close to several subway stations as well as only being a five minute/6street walk to Times Square. Booked this hotel only paying for the city view but was given a room on the 11th floor with a Times Square view (requested a smoking room). View was brilliant and was slightly noisy when window was open but when closed, all noise was blocked. In room Air Con was powerful so no problems in leaving windows closed. Bathroom was clean and the safe was easy to use. Only several minor concerns. The key cards used to open doors are very sensitve to being wiped by cell phones or even other bank cards. Always keep your key in a seperate pocket otherwise you will find yourself going to the check in counter regulary. Speaking of which the check in is on the 9th floor which you have to get a lift to and then another lift to your room. I didn't find this a problem until a coach arrives (only 2 lifts to lobby) but this only happened once and we didn't wait long. The television channels had rather grainy pictures and limited channels (around 15 in total). Not really a massive issue with all the entertainment in area. Refreshments cabinet was very expensive and be warned not to remove anything as you will be charged as soon as the item is moved. On a final note the tap in the bathroom was broken and was rather fiddly to get working.Very good hotel and I would definately go again. In relation to other hotels in the Manhattan the price is very affordable and with its location you can walk to most attractions. The hotel has masses of diners in the area at good prices ($25-35 for two person breakfast, $30 - $45 for two person Dinner)	
May 10 2009 	Would recommend to anyone	It was my daughters 21st present a trip to New York - better than any party!! It was our first visit to NY so obviously nothing to compare with but we had no disappointments whatsoever. I'd read reviews about the hotel and was a little worried about negative reports but would honestly recommend this hotel to anyone. Its a great location and handy for everything. We arrived Thur 23rd April and stayed until Monday evening 27th. Only thing that would have been nice if we'd been allowed a room to shower and change before leaving at 6.30 pm for flight home at 10.00 pm. Had to made do with a freshen up in the toilet. We'd had record tempertures that weekend, 91 degrees on the sunday but unfortunately down to the 70's on the Monday!!!!!! so was conscious that we'd be travelling without fully freshenng up, so that was a definate negative for the hotal. Highly recommend the Red Bus tours as can pick your hop on hop off attractions that you want to see. The Subway was great and easy for getting about if you wanted to come back but didnt want to use the hop on hop off bus. People were always friendly and helpful. We were up and out at 8.00'sh every morning and in 8.30/9.00 pm every evening so certainly made the most of our days before a shower and out for the evening. The highlights were Ellis Island, a must if you're into the history of the immigrants but get there early as the queues are very long, we queued for over an hour even though we got there around 9.30 am so goodness knows the wait if you get there any later. Ground Zero museum was very emotional as was St Paul's Church near the museum. Even though you've seen documentories etc on tv its nothing like actually being so close to it. If you go to Macy's go to the Visitors Information and show your passport and they will give you a 11% discount card on anything you buy. Basically its like having the tax knocked off your purchases - thats annoying when you buy anything you've to remember to add the tax to the price. We went to the Rockefeller Center and onto the Top Of The Rock for the views- magnificant. We went about 6.30 so could see everything in day light then on another evening we went up the Empire State Building at 10.30 pm and the views were great to see in the dark. We hired bikes and rode around Central Park for a couple of hours, which was great as you see much more than walking but can stop and start when you see something interesting. I could bang on forever about everything we did so sorry if boring you. The key point is to have early starts to fit in as much as possible and have a basic itinarary on each district and you'll be amazed what you actually get to see in such a short time. Have a great time whenever you go and where ever stay	
May 6 2009 	Great location for a NYC Stay	We stayed here in November 2008, the good - the location is great, close to Times Square, theatre, Central park , Radio City music hall, basically everything that a tourist wants to see in NYC. The so-so, the staff is OK at best,they spend more time looking busy that working from what I have seen, and would only help you if they had no other choice, The Bad- this hotel is very busy, which maybe is why the staff are the way they are, they might be a little tired and the price is a little high even for NYC, but that all being said the location makes this hotel the place to be. You should try ELLEN's StarDust cafe across the street, its awesome, I would suggest for breakfast.	
May 6 2009 	Great Location trumps many of its faults	I read several of the reviews of this hotel with many mentions that guests were unable to check into their rooms prior to the “stated 3PM” check in time. Needless to say this was true to form on my visit of 2 May. You would think that a hotel of this size would have one room available at 12 noon. When we did get a room upon our return at 4 PM we were given room 2608. We were told by the front desk clerk that it was one of the “newly renovated rooms” with that you should be happy we are even giving you a room in this hotel sound in his voice…Bottom line. Great View. Great location. The new flat screen TV did not work, the nifty little Computer / Internet console did not have power or internet. The drapes were on a switch on the night stand which did not work so we could not close the drapes. The “O” in the neon Novotel sign was right outside our window. The hanging closest was not full size so you could not hang a pair of trousers properly. My friend booked our room through Expedia. I am a true believer that using booking sites like this puts you further down the list at check in than if we were to book directly with the hotel. My friend thinks he got a deal!!	
May 6 2009 	Visit to New York	We recently visited New York for a week &amp; stayed at the Novotel in Time Square. This was a great hotel with a great location for everything. The staff were very helpful &amp; the room very spacious &amp; although nothing fancy had everything we needed. We did find everything quite expensive but we have to take in the credit crunch in all major cities in the world at the moment. Try the blue sightseeing buses which are really good &amp; you can hop on &amp; off at all the major sights. We took a 3 day ticket costing $44 each but we used it day &amp; night so we found it good value. The shops on 5th Avenue are to die for! We also visited China Town (Canal Street) which is great for any fakes at good prices but remember to haggle them down for a better deal! All in all we had a great trip &amp; I would definately recommend the Novotel for a great location.	
Apr 23 2009 	All you need in New York City	The location of the hotel is perfect,you have everything Times Square has to offer on your doorstep.As you are on Broadway take in a show or two,but buy your tickets from the small ticket booth for the best prices.Sorry, I can't remember the exact location but ask one of the helpful porters and they'll tell you where it is.For sightseeing use the blue tour buses,the red ones are not as good,and take a night tour for fantastic views of the city.The hotel has a verandah all the way round it and the view is remarkable,especially at night,it also has chairs,loungers and a bar,what a place to relax,you'll love it.Rooms are a good size and clean,nothing posh but fine for sleeping in.Noise is negligible,amazing when you gaze over the millions beneath you!The bar prices are what you expect(fairly dear) but not too silly,about 4 bucks a bottle of beer and similar for a short.We never ate in as there are hundreds of places to eat outside,just pick one and go inside,the prices are very good and you don't get ripped off.All in all this hotel is spot on for seeing the city,on foot or tour bus and well worth it.We paid a very cheap price from searching the web,£75 for three nights!!!!BRILLIANT.One very nice touch was when we were leaving we asked the outside doorman to hail us a taxi,but he asked if we wanted a limo instead.As we were going to JFK we thought no way!!!But we paid 50 bucks for a strech limo with a bar in the back.lol.What a way to end our holiday,superb	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Location Great View	I recently stayed at the Novotel New York for business purposes and wanted to just say what a find this location was. It is just a few short blocks from the heart of Times Square and the staff were very helpful with directions to local attractions and shows. If you want to relax in the evening with a cocktail out on the terrace and watch the Times Square lights this is the spot to do so. The terrace has one of the best view of the Square in the city. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the city.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic location	We stayed here 3 nights and were given a room on the 29th floor overlooking times square. Absolutely fantastic views. The room had 2 x double beds and slept 4 people in. The beds were comfortable and the room and bathroom a good size and clean. Staff were friendly, particularly on the front desk. Would definately stay here again, an excellant base . There is also a deli just across the road for coffee etc.	
Apr 17 2009 	Decent - but be wary if you are tall	Rated as 3.5 stars I discovered the King sized bed has a nasty surprise that I've only discovered once before... and that was in New Jersey. Maybe this is a New York City area issue, but it's very annoying if you are tall and need the full length of your bed. The room seemed fine enough, though the two elevator access is a bit of a minor annoyance. Up 5 or 6 floors, across the lobby, then up again to your room. Picture this, you are tired, you finally get to go to bed, you climb in and your feet slide between the crisp sheets to go right off the sheet and onto a gross coarse mattress pad, straps and mattress. What the HELL? You tear up the bed to find that if you remake the bed (isn't this someone elses job?) to actually cover the bottom of the mattress, now your head is on the exposed mattress. Not sure what's worse, or more of a health concern, everyone's bare face on the bare mattress, or feet? I guess they get Queen sized sheets cheap or something. So I had to sleep diagonally finally to keep myself on clean sheets rather than rough mattress surface. The next night I get back after work stuff and check to see they've done it again. I call housekeeping to complain, and they sent up someone with new sheets. They act like I'm nuts. &quot;This is how we always do it!&quot; the proclaim. &quot;But don't you understand, the sheet is too small!&quot; They get new sheets and they are also too small.I explain well then at least put down two overlapping sheets for the bottom and another as a top sheet so I can sleep tonight. They do that, and I notice that the top sheet she has found is actually a big one. I point out that Look, clearly sheets exist that will cover the bed, so what's with the small ones? She doesn't really understand my insanity, i guess, but I let it go cause I just want to be able to sleep on a clean surface (call me crazy). So be forewarned, if you are taller than about 5'10&quot; and want to use the last 12&quot; of your bed, check when you arrive so you don't discover it later. Or simply enjoy the communal foot surface with the previous guests.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Location in Times Square	The best part of Novotel New York is it's location on Broadway, staff and lobby with the terrific view on the terrace. The rooms are nothing to get excited about. Carnegie Hall, where my daughter was performing (proud mom), as well as Central Park and all the excitement of Times Square, are an easy walk away. The Duane Reade pharmacy / convenience store on the corner is handy. I highly recommend John's Pizzeria at 260 W. 44th Street (between 8th Ave &amp; Shubert Aly). Best thin crust pizza ever!I stayed three nights in NYC and each night I stayed at a different hotel (I felt adventurous). This hotel was booked through Hotwire at $179/night and was my most expensive and least favorite. I would try a different hotel next time.	
Apr 16 2009 	Superb location comfortable rooms at reasonable rates	The Novotel was perfect accommodation for my mother and I during our 5 day sightseeing trip to New York. Our room was large, clean, tidy with all modern ameneties. The Novotel is in an ideal location for anyone wishing to be near to Times Square and Broadway. The restaurant prices were a little too high for our budget so we ate out every day. Particularly recommend Ellen's Stardust Diner over the road for breakfast!	
Apr 13 2009 	great locationnice staffour room needed upkeep	Just back from Easter Weekend in NYC,family of 4 in two-double bed room. Location is very convenient. Best restaurants are on 9th Ave. down to 42nd street! Our room clearly required upkeep and painting! Watch out for outrageous phone charges-$31 for a 6 minute call to a hotel across the river in NJ!!	
Apr 10 2009 	amazing for the price!	Amazing location. Jersey Boys theater is right across the street. We waited at the box office for 5 minutes on Saturday morning and got 8th row, orchestra center for the Sunday matinee. I nearly fell over! Don't miss this show.The hotel is very clean and the lobby is slick. There is a terrace off the bar and restaurants with a sunning view of Times Square. Free internet in the lobby with a printer for boarding passes etc, and a gym. The hallways need to be updated (peeling paint and plaster) but the room was a decent size and the bathroom looked new.  The only really annoying problem was that the wind whistled through the window jamb all day and night. Management offered to move us and they were very friendly. No need. We fixed the problem by opening the window a crack and shoving a washcloth in the jamb to keep it from slamming closed (it was spring so the cold was not a problem).Check out the Majestic Deli on 50th and 7th if you are on a budget. And if you are planning to buy show tickets from those guys on the street, be aware that &quot;Dress Circle&quot; is just another term for &quot;Balcony&quot; or &quot;Mezzanine&quot;. Nothing special about it.	
Apr 3 2009 	great location virtually walking distance to all locations	just got back from the novotel,spent 4 nights there with the wife and 2 kids(18 and 11)enough room for a family of 4,only complaint from the wife was no kettle in room for that must have cup of tea.apart from that it is in a great location to walk to most places-10 mins to 5th ave and same again from central park(actually saw BRUCE WILLIS having lunch near central park)the hotel is right across the road from the MAMA MIA show which we went to on the saturday night,what a fantastic night,all in all the hotel is well situated ,clean and relatively cheap for its location,will definately go again	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent Location	We checked in hotel around 2.15pm and were allocated a room immediately. As it was my 50th birthday they upgraded me to a room on 32nd floor (top floor 33rd). Excellent view of Times Square, king size bed, good sized room with fridge. No kettle, we took our own, nice to have cup of tea/coffee in morning (not sure if you are permitted to have kettle in room though). Hotel was in excellent location and room faultless. Lifts were great and quick. Had dinner at the Trattoria Trecolori restaurant on 47th street, highly recommended. Lunch at Rumours on 8th ave between 55/56 street, great irish cooking and it also had Sky Sports we finally got updated with the football scores from the weekend. Other bars only had Setanta with live games. Watched SPL game on the sunday at Jack Dempsey bar on 32nd Street. Also got tickets at MSG for the ice hockey to watch New York Rangers, great atmosphere! worth going to.Overall a great 5 day holiday.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Hotel excellent location	we stayed here from the 5th-10th of march. we arrived at the hotel just after 1pm, we were already aware that check in time was 3pm so we sat down in the bar and ordered 2 cokes and a ham and mushroom pizza to share. the pizza was great it was $15 but it was really packed with loads of toppings overall our bill with 2 drinks each and tip was just over $30. At 3pm we approached the desk to check in, we were asked for $100 deposit and dissapointingly we were told that our room wasn't ready yet. This is the reason i haven't given the hotel 5/5 as after 2 hours waiting we really wanted to get up to our room and freshen up before heading out. We finally got into our room at around 3:30pm. The room was a great size, we were on the 15th floor with a times square view and a nice king size bed. Our room was cleaned daily always plenty of fresh towels. We ate in the hotel twice once for breakfast once i ordered a ribeye burger for roomservice. Eating in the hotel is pretty expensive, we found a great deli on 7th av it's called the 810 cafe the food there is amazing and very reasonably priced. I can't say enough about the location of this hotel, walk out the hotel turn right and you are on broadway, there is a subway station about 20-30 ft away and both times square and central park are within walking distance. I have seen people complain about having to get a lift up to the lobby and having to wait a while for lifts during busy times i must say we never waited more than a minute for a lift. We would stay in the novotel again and apart from the late check in have no complaints from our stay there.	
Mar 8 2009 	Novotel fantastic location perfect	Hi, like many others I use tripadviser before I book hotels, however being to New York on many occasions I was disappointed to read some of the negative comments about the Novotel. We picked this hotel for its location and it certainly didn’t disappoint.We arrived at approx 2pm and went straight to check in, we were told that check in was after 3pm however there was a room available and we were given our keys immediately. Our room was on the 10th floor which is only 3 floors up from reception, which has a wonderful observation deck of Times Square, however due to the worst snow fall in 5 years it wasn’t safe to go out on to it, pity. The bar opens until midnight and has 2 large TV screens showing mostly sport, our barman was a big Manchester United fan and he had the English premier league highlights show on. The bar is expensive a glass of beer (not a pint) and a whisky was $24; the rate was $1.40 so that was about £16.There were comments about the lifts being slow, but that was not the case, also someone mentioned building works going on, well on arrival as we went to our room, 1016, I noticed that the room at the end of the corridor, some three doors away from ours was under some sort of construction. During my five days in the hotel I only saw the workers once and didn’t here a sound from the construction work.We had a double double room with a fantastic view of Times Square, there was plenty of room and spotless. Our maid always had a smile, as there were three of us in the room, so we were short of towels, however our maid noticed this and supplied more without us even having to ask.Breakfast we gave a miss as it was mainly continental style and as we were on the go all day we wanted a hardy breakfast. We went to Roxy’s Deli, just down from the hotel, however be aware after 11am the breakfast menu finishes and the prices go up. We found this out the hard way when or three breakfast’s came to $91 over £60 ouch!!!! And that included a gratuity of 18%. A place I would recommend to eat, would be Emmett O’Lunney’s Irish Bar &amp; Restaurant just around the corner from the hotel, we enjoyed the food and service so much we ate there on three occasions during our stay. Beware of the Nachos starter it could feed 4 people. They had a specials menu that changed every night and a main meal from the a la carte menu was about $15.Be aware of the yellow cabs we got a ride from Wall St to Columbus Circle at Central park, one day it was only $14, the next day it was $24.Overall I can’t fault the Novotel and I would use it again.	
Mar 5 2009 	Perfect Times Square location	Fantastic hotel, in a superb location just minutes walking distance from the centre of Times Square and the Subway. To get to the lobby of this hotel you had to get the lift up, which i found very efficient. Once you are there you are greeted with a clean, well presented lobby and bar/lounge off to the side (gym and business centre on this level), it also has a small gaming nock for the kids. The restaurant is also on this level which has an adjoining balcony with a view of Times Square - would be an ideal spot for NYE for those who don't want to be amongst the crowd.The rooms were nothing fantastic but had the basic amenities, clean sheets etc we were on a high level floor but very poor view, but was not a big deal, as we were mostly out exploring New York!	
Feb 24 2009 	New york	Hotel good. Rooms clean but bathroom could have been cleaner, 2 of us were ill while we were there, D&amp; V ?? caught in hotel. Walls very thin could hear next room clearly. Still not in the room for long anyway! Reception staff very helpful and polite. Location is excellent! couldn t beat it. Everywhere within walking distance. Had a fab time.	
Feb 24 2009 	Location location location ............	Like in real estate, it's all about location and Novotel Times Square is excellent for that.And so is the lobby / bar area. But if you go beyond it............The twin-double rooms have a good size compared to most NYC hotels. However after ..... years of intensive usage it feels rather dated and tatty.The carpets in the rooms need replacement and it is even worse in the hallways (and even in the restaurant !!). The Accor managed European style is a plus but then finding sheets and blankets on the bed (rather than coverlets) is a great dissapointment.The buffet breakfast is European style and great but not cheap. The Times Square view from the restaurant and the terrace is first class.Generally the level of service is up for improvement, specifically the reception and concierge. The barman is great.Overall rating still good.	
Feb 22 2009 	Recommended great hotel great staff great location	My wife and I organised a surprise trip here in January for my sons' 18th birthday and we loved it. Had two rooms on 26th floor looking out over the Hudson, the other side of the hotel looks out onto Broadway and Times Square. The staff were very friendly, the rooms were good and clean with large beds that were very, very comfortable. The food was excellent, fill up at the breakfast buffet and it keeps you going until dinner, and the restaurant looks onto Times Square.The hotel is in an excellent location, right in the theatre district, and is ideal for getting around and a lot of places can be reached on foot or on the subway if you don't feel like walking. Now we're looking forward until the next time we visit.	
Feb 19 2009 	Overpriced unclean and extremely disappointing.	We were due to check into the hotel late on Saturday night, we had emailed the hotel several times to inform them of this, however on arrival we were told, there was no room, even though we had already paid and the money had been taken from our account. We were told that we had been booked into a 4 star hotel for the night which would be paid for and the money for the nights stay would be refunded. When we asked why there was no room for us we were told 'its a law in New York if guests want to stay on we can't turf them out' even though we arrived in the city late. We were then told we had to make our own way to the new hotel, no one helped carry our bags or hailed a taxi for us. The next morning we decided that we would head back to Novotel early to make sure we had a room, on arrival we were told we could not check in until 3 o'clock because we hadn't stayed there the previous night our reservation then began on the Sunday. All staff were extremely unhelpful and don't seem to care.When we did finally check into our room, the view was fantastic out onto times square but I can honestly say Ive stayed in nicer 2 star hotels. The room wasn't very clean and 2 mornings we were woken very early by drilling and banging, when I investigated further the rooms next door had been completely gutted and buidling work was going on. Not how I like to be woken in the morning on holidays.Personally I don't have a good word to say about this place apart from the location, be careful if your flight arrives late you may be staying somewhere else.	
Feb 15 2009 	Could do with refurbishment think Travelodge with Marriott Prices	The Novotel Times Square is sllightly dated once you go beyond the lobby/bar area. The twin-double room was a reasonable size as far as NYC hotels go, however it felt very dated and tatty and was by far the most dissapointing hotel on our 3 week, 7 city tour. The carpets in the hallways were covered in stains, and it was even worse in the rooms. To travellers from the UK I can only compare it to a Travelodge type accommodation - which I have no problem with when paying £39 p/n, but the 'deal' we got was nearly £600 for 3 nights.The doormen/security staff didn't look like they pay any attention to security which might be of concern to some reading this.As said, decent enough area, but just felt that it was a poor hotel which if it wasn't in Times Square would not gethalf the amount of guests that it probably does through the doors.	
Feb 15 2009 	Somewhat Disappointed	I recently booked a stay here based upon some favorable reviews and competitive prices. While the was not a disaster, I expected more. On arrival, and throughout my stay, the doormen subpar.Staff at front desk were fine, but overall, service was uneven. Room was nice size. Some halls and other public areas needed refreshing.If you need a room in the theater district, and if you and get a good price on a room, this is an acceptable choice, but I expected a little more that I received.	
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Ideal Location	No real faults with this hotel other than the heating in the room in grim. When we walked in it was set to 72 degrees and felt like a furnace so had to open a window and leave it switched off for the stay.The hotel did not seem that busy and we when we booked in asked for and got a high floor room with a great view of Times Square.The hotel is ideally located for access to Times Square and other local areas and attractions such as Central Park and Hells Kitchen plus a number of subway stations.The only negative is always being approached by the sightseeing bus ticket touts when anywhere on Broadway or 7th Ave.	
Feb 10 2009 	Very nice	I am frequent traveller to NYC , used to stay at cheaper hotels . This time my company booked for us the room . It was very expensive $400 per night . We discovered that novotel site was only for $290 but our company wanted a printed formal receipt . thge hotel is perfectly located and the breakfast was amazing rooms were so big compared to my cheap alternatives like herald square or radisson martinique . the area is in the heart of time square on broadway where all the shows are running . also they have a free business center with internet access and printer . The elevators where fine and they had security on them to prevent anyone from going up except if he hold the keys for the room. Also the front desk were very helpful . The wireless internet card deemed fro 7 days was only good for five but connection was excellent . Also the conceirge was not very helpful in booking the shuttle bus but you can always do it online .	
Feb 4 2009 	What can I say. Only absolutely brilliant	I travelled to NYC for the very first time with my wife on her 40th birthday (a treat for both of us as we both turned 40 six weeks apart). I had read reviews of the hotel and had made contact with hthem two days before going to check on the room. I had booked a king size city view through Expedia and on speaking to the staff I was told the room booked was a double. I advise them that I just wanted one room and also asked if this could be upgraded to a better view, as it was a special trip. (Times Sq view). They obliged and did not charge me any extra. The room was on the 29th Floor and te view was fantastic Time Sq was just down the street. The previous reviews mentioned the lifts; both were working perfectly during our stay. The location was also great, Shows like Mamma Mia were across the street and Jersey Boys and Hairspray were a few doors down from the hotel. I lost count the amount of Theatres were within spitting distance. The Rockafeller centre was a few blocks away and with breathtaking views, Central park was five minutes walk and worth a look.We went in January and it was absolutely freezing, Fashion means nothing this time of year so i would bring plenty of warm clothes and hats/gloves/scarf’s. Temps hit -15 whilst we were there. The staff were very helpful and happy to explain anything i.e. fees and tips on getting about on Subway or sightseeing among may others. All staff wear small pins displaying flags of the languages they speak. One thing I must warn about is the unseen charges. On arrival we were asked for a credit card for incidentals (Safety Deposit) I supplied my Debit card and attempted to take money from an ATM an hour later to find a hold was on my account for $200, ($25 p/person per night) It was later explained that this would be returned tot he account on checking out. It worked well as on the last night I was running short and began to run up a bar tab which only came to $80 (£47 poor exchange rate at the time). I heard that rooms in NYC were small and tiny not this place they were spacey and not much different from UK rooms, The bed on the other hand was not King Size, it was giant size as the wife put it (at least four could have slept in it). There’s plenty to do but for eating out I would venture away from Times Sq (there is a number of restaurants nearby). We went for a meal in Rosy O' Grady's which can be seen from the street outside the Hotel. It's classed as an 'Irish Bar'. Being Irish that’s one thing its not. We entered to see a restaurant with a bar partitioned of it, we went for a meal two main courses and two starters, one dessert and one bottle of wine, result was nearly a heart attack when the bill came to $140. Don’t get me wrong the service was fantastic but the tip has to be added and was a bit too pricey so check the menus first. Most places don’t show the bar prices cheapest wine is about $38. Ellen’s Stardust Diner is a place i didn’t like the wife enjoyed it but it was too loud for me. The staff seemed to be more interested in singing and talking, than serving the customers (the staff sing Broadway hits to customers, a number of Large speakers around diner, not a place to go for breakfast, me thinks. We found a number of cheaper places, Route 66 being one a few blocks away and licensed. There is a large number of restaurants around the hotel. Go left away from Broadway and you can have your pick on 8th, 9th Avenues. Getting about was great NYC is not as scary as people make out. We practically walked everywhere and used the Subway which is a block, about 20 metres away from the hotel, the concierge will tell you what trains to get and explain the subway map to you, Its cheap as well $ 7.50 for a 4 trip ticket. Little Italy is definitely a place to go for meal and cheaper. All in all I could not complain about the stay and would definitely be back to this hotel PS stay away from the mini bar in the especially the kids. It costs $5 for a Snickers bar and is charged automatically to the room when it’s removed from the fridge as we found out but the staff were very understanding and removed it from the bill.Finally on walking through Times Sq, people approach you with tickets for Comedy Central. Its worth a look at. I was able to barter a seller down to half price for a Comedy Club, best night I had there and well recommended.	
Feb 3 2009	Perfect for a weekend	HelloA friend of mine recommended me this hotel since he knew that I was travelling to New YorkI had a great rate around $169, it was a special weekend rateThe staff was pleasant, the location simply fantastik !!!!I took the buffet breakfast which was quite nice	
Feb 3 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	Me and my Fiancee went to New York for new year 2009, The Novotel was the perfect hotel for this with its Times Square View, The staff were all very helpful and the hotel was very clean and well kept.We had no complaints about the hotel and would deffinalty go back again, anyone who complains about the hotel is just complaining for the sake of it, after all its not the Ritz but non the less a brillaint hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	Amazing	Found this hotel on the internet site purelyamerica.co.uk..and for 4 nights it was £200...bargain i thought for being on 53rd street!! So I booked it!! I stayed over labour day weekend at the end of August with my sister..We had been working in florida for 10 weeks and had just spent the last 3 travelling the west coast!! We arrived at the hotel at about 10 am and had no bother checkin in..they let us up to our room straight away...the staff were all very friendly and welcoming!! The hotel is certainly not old in apperance. It was very clean and up to date!! The bedrooms were very spacious for a hotel in NY and so were the bathrooms!! The had free internet and business room for all guests and also a gym! The hotel is central to pretty much everything..u can walk to any tourist site. The view from our room was out onto times square amzing!! I have stayed in new york on a number of different occasions and by far this is definately the best hotel so far for people not wanting to spend too much money!!	
Jan 16 2009 	Amazing staff and excellent location...	I've stayed at the hotel twice, first in March 2007 then February 2008, both times for 5 days. I've just booked to go again in June 2009, that's how much i love this hotel.Ok, the rooms are basic, but they have everything you need, toilet, bath, shower, beds, hairdryer, TV, minibar etc. And when you're in New York lets be honest you're never in your hotel long. We spent most of our days and nights sightseeing and shopping.Both times i had a view of Times Square from my room, it's breath taking to wake up to that.The staff are just amazing, they're so helpful and genuinely nice. The bar staff are very welcoming and love talking to you. And all staff are happy to help you with anything, they recommended restaurants that they use themselves. The staff definitely add a very personal touch.I've stayed here with my mum, my best friend and my sister, all are different ages and they all loved it.I'd recommend this to anyone.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great location good hotel if you don't pay too much	We stayed at the Novotel Times Square four nights, in January 2009.First, hotel location is very convenient, being very close to Times Square, the 6th Avenue (Rockefeller Centre), Columbus Circle, Central Park etc.Despite being so close to Times Square, the hotel is slighly back from Broadway, so we had no traffic noise.The hotel lobby is actually on the 6th or 7th floor, and has an amazing view on Times Square. I am not sure any other hotels in the area have a similar view, since there is no need to look down, as Times Square is straight ahead, with no buildings blocking the view.The lobby was nicely decorated and modern, although quite a few chairs were stained and the lobby didn't look clean all the times.We had a room on the 25th floor, away from the lifts and the ice machine (very noisy), so we had a quiet stay. There was no noise from traffic nor from other rooms. The view was very nice, looking at the west side and New Jersey. The room was quite large for New York. There was also automatic air conditioning (set the temperature).The room had a king size firm bed, a desk, a sofa and a chair. There was a small safe, and a fridge (not possible to place items inside, since charged when lifting something). The TV was not a flat screen, so taking quite some space. Usual TV channels available, but no foreign european channels, which is surprising, given the clientele.The bathroom was fairly standard for the USA, and looked a bit old fashion (in beige plastic). There was a hairdryer, but no shower gel provided (only tiny round soaps). The room does not look at all like the pictures on the Novotel website. Their pictures are showing some modern-style Novotel rooms (white scheme), while the ones in Times Squares look more like Hilton or other american chains (yellow/beige colours).The room was advertised for $799 a night, which would be extremely expensive for what it is. However, we probably paid $150 a night through Expedia, making it good value for money. Buffet breakfasts were charged about $28 per person (including tip), with an amazing choice of items, even compared to the usual high Novotel standards. There was a choice of pancakes, waffles, bacon, smoked salmon, ham and custom-made omelettes and other types of eggs. Many types of cereals, fresh fruits etcHowever, there are many dinners around, offering breakfasts for much cheaper, but without the view and the buffet choice.We never had to wait for lifts (there are four going to the lobby, and then two going to the street).We were charged $1 per luggage to leave our luggage on the last day, which is very unusual. The doorman tried to direct us to some private cabs to go back to the airport, despite the fact that we had booked a van...Overall, a very good location and nice hotel, full of French tourists (given that Novotel is a French hotel chain). The room was OK, but the hotel is special because of its amazing view on Times Square.	
Jan 9 2009 	Nice but not great hotel in a cool location	About the Novotel location: I love the Upper Midtown West area, around 60th avenue and the Columbus Circle. That's MY NEW YORK For me is a totally strategic place, due to the subway lines, the Whole Foods @ the Warner Towers Mall - where I eat breakfast fast enough with great natural juice - the lincoln center, the nice walk along Central Park South 'till the 5th av and the East Side, the proximity to broadway theatres without being in the the middle of the Times SQ mess. And that hotel is not(thank god) really at times sq. It is located in the corner of 52th and broadway, close enough to MY NEW YORK. I loved that.About the hotel: the lobby is not on the floor level, which is good to separate us from the street crowd, and it's a nice looking lobby with a great terrace overlooking times sq. Our room was poorly decorated, but clean and big enough(we have stayed in a tiny boutique room once in nyc and it was hell because of the lack of space for clothes, shopping bags and luggage). They gave us a high foor room with a nice times sq view, as I requested, even though I was a &quot;Priceline guest&quot;, what I guess gives them simpathy credits. By the way, hotel staff was very nice all along our stay. Although the &quot;priceline price&quot; was not really cheap - US285/night - I was quite satisfied with my stay at Novotel. (I came to the conclusion that accomodations in nyc in the autumm are too expensive as we've got much better deals in the spring in nyc and in the autumm in europe),	
Jan 5 2009	Beware when making reservations for Thanksgiving	It's been my dream to watch the Macy's day parade from my room in a hotel. I decided this was the year. Beware.....Yesterday I made reservations to stay at the Novotel in NY for Thanksgiving. I called the hotel to make reservations and they transferred me to a central reservations agent. I explained to the agent that we wanted a room with a view of the parade. Being from New York he was very knowledgable of the city and spent time with me discussing on which room would be best, etc. He made the reservations viewing time square for 3 nights at a rate of $389.00, $344.00 and $344.00 that could be cancelled. Expensive not by NY prices and well worth it. I also made reservations (on line) for April to celebrate my nieces 16th birthday. Although I was given a confirmation number I never received an e-mail confirmation as I did for my April reservation. So, this morning I called the hotel direct to request an e-mail confirmation only to find out the following:1. Our room that the agent reserved is not considered a viewing room for the parade.2. The central reservations agents are not supposed to reserve rooms 'with views' of the parade route.3. The room we would want cost $200 more a night and was non refundable. Needless to say we are extremely disappointed with the lack of communications between the hotel and their central reservations staff. If I hadn't called for an e-mail confirmation we would have arrived in November without a 'room with a view'. I decided to cancel the November and April reservations at the Novotel. There are other hotels in NYC that will not provide the frustration that this hotel caused us.	
Jan 5 2009 	Excellent location	Stayed at the Novotel December 26th - 30th as an 18th birthday treat for our youngest daughter. Been to New York 2 years previously to celebrate eldest daughters 18th but stayed else where. As we hadn't stayed in this area before we were slightly anxious, but were pleasantly surprised. Checking in was very prompt with helpful staff, our non smoking room was very spacious accommodating 2 double beds, tv, easy chair, ironing board and safe deposit box in wardrobe. Well equipped bathroom with plenty of fresh towels daily.We didn't eat at the hotel as plenty of places to eat within close proximity. Ellen's Stardust Diner just across the street with singing waiters/waitresses, was an ideal place to go for a hearty breakfast.	
Jan 3 2009 	I loved it!	My boyfriend and I were given a 4 day trip to New York as his 21st birthday present. When I heard we would be staying in the Novotel, I looked online and thouth it looked fine, but the photos seemed a bit dull and the hotel looked like a simple place for people to stay, but who were more interested in seeing the sites and weren't too bothered about where they were staying....But my goodness my expectations were surpassed!This hotel had fantastic friendly staff who were really helpful.The room we had was large (we had a regular no-view-of-times-square room) and clean with everything you expect from a decent hotel.There is a luggage area where you can leave your suitcase until you have to leave for your flight, which gives you valuable time in New York that you can cherish until the very last minute!The food was lovely in the restaurant, and everything was reasonably priced. The staff in the restaurant and bar were again, very nice.The only thing I would make people more aware of is the fact that you have to put a deposit of $25 I think it was, per night for each night of your stay. You get it back when you check out, but it could cause problems if you haven't budgeted for this.I cannot wait to go to New York again and as soon as I got home I was looking at prices to come back. I would most definitely stay in the Novotel New York again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good Location.... Walked Everywhere....	front desk was helpful. Good location.	
Dec 30 2008 	Keep looking....this is NOT your hotel unless you simply want killer views	I stayed at the Novotel for two nights [out of a seven night stay in New York] in September 2008. The remaining nights were spent at the W Hotel New York on Lexington Avenue and the Empire Hotel. I’ve completed separate reviews of each hotel, my favorite hands down being the Empire Hotel. First impression: After three-nights in a suite at the W Hotel, I loathed the idea of downgrading to this hotel. Even though it cost me nothing to say here since it was billed at the expense of my companion’s employer, I almost wanted to pay to stay somewhere else. Upon entering the hotel, guests have to take the single working elevator up to the seventh floor, where you will find the reception desk. Check-in was efficient; although I was dubious the hotel only had two rooms for our offering. We had booked a king superior room, but were offered a noisy king by the elevator with a terrible view, or double beds on a higher floor with a great view of Time Square. We opted for the later. If views and proximity to Time Square are important, I can understand why one would stay here because the hotel clearly delivered on its promise of sweeping views of Time Square. Adjacent to the lobby is a wonderful outdoor wrap around terrace. I would imagine it would be a prime location to observe the legendary Macy’s Thanksgiving and Christmas Day parade and the New Year’s Eve festivities. On the other hand, if views are not your chief concern, I don’t see why on earth anyone would pay over $800 for a two nights stay (especially given that September is probably considered a shoulder travel season and there are a plethora of more upscale accommodations offering more bang for your buck) . Usually the Trip Advisor ratings are right on, but I’m baffled that somehow the Novotel manages to rate significantly higher than, say, the W Hotel, where I had a far better experience during three additional nights in September.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great location great value!	My boyfriend and I stayed for 5 nights in mid-December and had a wonderful time. The hotel is perfect if you plan to go to some Broadway shows...many theatres are mere meters from the front door! Our room was clean and very comfortable. It was cleaned every day and fresh towels and sheets provided. We didn't try the food but there is a great diner across the road (Ellen's I think). It's a bit tacky but the burgers are fantastic (only if you can stomach the singing waitresses! Well we thought it was a bit of fun.) Hotel staff were friendly and when we were leaving they provided a car service to JFK at a flat fee of 55 dollars which we thought was good value. The doorman will call car for you (we got ours immediately though not sure if there's usually a wait). To sum up I would definitely recommend the hotel. I've read a lot of reviews here and really don't understand the comments about the elevators...there are four elevators and we rarely had to share one, nevermind queue for one! Oh don't forget to ring ahead and ask for a room with a view! We did and it made things extra special.	
Dec 27 2008 	Old. Not enough elevators. Smoking Hotel	I would not recommend this hotel.During &quot;rush hour&quot; there were frequent line-ups to even get onto an elevator and up to a floor. The first night we checked in, we were put in a terrible, stinky, room that REEKED of cigarette smoke. I went down to the front desk, and they wouldn't move me until the next day. It was disgusting. During my stay, the bell hops lost important incoming packages/deliveries. I had to confirm and re-confirm that they were delivered, and it took multiple conversations, searches of the backrooms, before they found my stuff. I've never seen such disorganized service.Furthermore, the storage rooms for baggage &amp; packages are not air conditioned so beware!	
Dec 22 2008 	A complete let down	I just recently stayed at this hotel and boy was it a complete let down for the price they charge you. The hotel rooms was old and outdated and not up to my standards at all. I did read the reviews before I got there but I still decided to give the place a chance and stay there. When we got up to the lobby I thought we had finally picked a good one but boy was I fooled. The only view that I saw from my hotel room was office buildings. I will definitely not stay at this hotel againl.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Hotel	We arrived early they had a room early staff was very friendly the room was very nice and clean great location about 3 blocks from times square the only thing that bothered me with the hotel is when i was leaving the door man asked if we needed a cab we said yes he insisted we take a town car for a flat rate i said no thanks so he said he would hail a cab 7 empty cabs went by and his hands never left his pocket	
Dec 7 2008	Three star	First time visit to New York. We arrived on an early flight (6.20am) and went straight to the hotel. Finding your way after a long flight and nil sleep is a bit confusing since the hotel is at the 5th floor and the entrance does not clearly indicate this. The entrance to the hotel is a small and crowded place with bell hops that did not appear interested in assisting or offering advice. There is a big lift so it was easy to work with all our luggage Once we got to the lobby on the 5th floor the service was excellent. It was easy and painless to book in. The hotel was very accommodating and booked us in at about 9.30 am. The hotel room was basic. No coffee maker and the fridge is packed with drinks at a price. The beds were comfortable. The room was clean and well maintained. The TV is an older style which is surprising when you consider the hefty premium for a room. WIFI is available for free but you have to pay (less than US$10.00) to use the provider website. We had an amazing view of Times Square. There is a deli across the road which serves Breakfast to dinner. You are able to eat there or take your food back to the hotel which we did. Overall a pleasant experience	
Dec 4 2008 	GREAT HOTEL	Great Hotel for Great Price! I have stayed in other hotels in New York before, and I can definitely vouch for this one. Good size rooms, clean, great location, service and above all great price. The rooms are nothing fancy but they definitely exceed the ratings compated to the majority of other hotels that run within the same price range. Anyone looking for some good reviews.... this one is it.	
Dec 4 2008 	GREAT HOTEL 	We stayed here from Nov 26th - Dec 2nd 2008. It is our second time in New York but this time it was me, my husband and our two year old son so I was quite anxious as to what the hotel would be like. It was perfect for our stay. No, its not the ritz but it was exactly what we wanted. We didnt realise until we arrived but the hotel was right on the Macy's Thanksgiving day Parade Route and we could watch it from the hotel's sky terrace instead of braving the crowds on the streets who had been queuing from 6am (yes really). Hotel was clean, spacious, had a great view of Times Square and had everything we needed. The only downside was there was no tea or coffee making facilties. It was cleaned every day with fresh towels and toiletries. We had absolutely no problems with the heating as previous reviews suggest. We took our two year old back to the room for a nap every afternoon and it was never cold. Staff were really friendly and helpful. We ate breakfast in the hotel twice and it was really nice - you can get cheaper in your venture outside the hotel - but it was more convenient for us to stay in some days. Location was excellent - on the doorstep of Times Square. We walked to all of the main attractions with no problem whatsover even with a buggy in tow. I would definitely stay here again when I return to New York. One tip - dont go to the Deli/ Sushi Bar across the road...awful and rude staff!	
Dec 4 2008 	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel because it was right on the Parade Path for Thanksgiving. The hotel is okay. Nothing fancy but again it served my purpose being on the path. The staff here are very friendly. As for the lack of heat during the daytime hours till about 6 pm at night and the hard run down beds all could use some help. They told me that they have to turn the heat off to the rooms beacuse the rest of the hotel gets hot...well, I am not okay with that. My five year old needs naps and it got quite cold in there. The food at the hotel was great. We always had hot water. That is a plus in NYC.	
Dec 1 2008 	Spot on!!!	Hotel was great, staff really friendly and happy to help, maid service every morning, location was fab, didnt eat in hotel we went out for meals but did use the bar and took advantage of the amazing views over time square from the balcony!Defo stay here again it was perfect!	
Nov 29 2008 	fantastic location	brilliant hotel, rooms spacious clean towels and beds changed every day staff very friendly and helpful, location is excellent 5 mins walk from times square and central park loads of restaruants, cafes and theatres ( would recommend shrek the musical buy tickets at ticket booth in times square half price) in immediate area.would diffently go back to this hotel	
Nov 19 2008 	Fantastic hotel! Excellent value.	We stayed here for the first 3 nights of our honeymoon before heading off to Niagara and Hawaii and found the Novotel to be everything we hoped for and more.The 21st floor room was clean, spacious and modern, with an amazing view down to Times Square. The location of the hotel is unbeatable. 5 minutes from the heart of Times Square and theatre district and 10 minutes south of the start of Central Park. The bar was friendly with a good atmosphere, exellent view and good selection of beers and spirits. Room service was also prompt.Would definitely recommend the Novotel for a break in the Big Apple.	
Nov 14 2008 	loved it	stayed at the novatel times square new york for 4 nights found the staff on reception and doorstaff really friendly and helpfull rooms clean and tidy towels changed daily and beds made bathroom cleaned would recomend this to anyone location was great for getting around very central .to say it was on times square very quiet once in hotel room definatly going back again	
Nov 9 2008 	Fantastic Location in the middle of Times Square	Stayed in the Novotel in April and have to say location is jsut fantastic. Booked it through Expedia and got pretty good deal. All hotels in New York are expensive and we got good value for what we paid. Have to say the location must be the best attribute of the hotel. Located on Broadway and 52nd it is a fantastic location to be in. Bus and subway is just around the corner. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby is located on the 7th floor so you have to take one elevator to the lobby and then another one to the rooms. Can be a bit awkward with luggage but not a big deal for us as our suitcases were not that big, not like some other people's. THe lobby is very modern and the best thing is the outer terrace of the bar, overlooking Times Square. You get fantastic views and its just amazing at night time. THe rooms are comfortable enough. Could do with a makeover but have everything you need. The beds are ok but not the most comfortable ones. Apart from that the rooms had a good size. We first had a room on the 17th floor overlooking times square but after discovering out telly was not working we were moved to the 10th floor. Overlooked the back but have to say was quite glad as at least we could open a window at night without all the noise of times square.Definately recommend the hotel for all visitors as you are in a fantastic location.	
Oct 30 2008	Great Location	Just got back from a short visit to NY. Stayed at Novotel. Great location on Broadway and 52nd.. few blocks up is central park, a few blocks down is times square. Very european. Great lobby on the 5th floor, overloving the city. The breakfast buffet was included in our rate and was much better than expected. Room was nothing special, but still would recommend staying here..	
Oct 30 2008 	Comfortable hotel with an excellent location!	We stayed here last summer after a Carribean cruise. The hotel was very easy to find, check in was easy, the room was fine and comfortable but the best thing about this hotel is the location. We loved the terrace which looked right over times square, it would be a great place to spend New Year! The only draw back was the service we received at the tour desk, we used this service to book our return to the airport and didnt really receive much help but were encouraged to tip, but I suppose its New York and you have to tip everyone that does the smallest thing for you! I have stayed in other New York hotels but would definetly choose to return to this on over others, it is very reasonably priced considering the location!	
Oct 28 2008 	Ripped off	Stayed here 2 nights.As everyone says: a great location but....Only one lift working from ground floor to reception on 6thNo complimentary coffee in room for wake up time.WiFi connection $9.99 per DAY - We have been travelling the USA for 14 days and here, and the Hilton in Atlantic City are the only hotels to charge for Wifi - even the humble Comfort Inn gives it free.The laundry tab says $10 for slacks but they have billed $18. I feel I am being ripped off hereKen Dove UK	
Oct 26 2008 	Great for sightseeing BUT.................	We arrived at Novotel about 2pm check in but room we were offered was by the elevator so as we were here for 7 days asked for a move. No problem but the room was not ready yet if we waited in bar someone would come and get us soon. Still waiting 1 ¼ hours later went to check in to ask if room was ready, well clerk found it very hard to even open his mouth to me. After a few more grunts from him briskly told we were in room 2614. No help with suitcases or direction must not off spoken the correct language perhaps French would have been better. Room clean, tidy, bed comfy but oh so hot open windows to help and turned down air con. Next day. Went to get some info from concierge after standing their 5 -10 mins while he made several phone calls asked for information only to be told to go behind his counter and help myself. Shame I was made to feel as if I was invading his area. Did not bother asking him for help for the rest of our stay.Monday was my birthday; husband had ordered a slice of cake for me. After a lovely day out arrived back to no cake. Husband went to front desk to inquire about this. Front desk blamed restaurant/kitchen they blamed front desk. A knock on door and cake - no a dessert instead with a bottle of water. Not quite what we were expecting but very nice.The rest of stay was uneventful well if you forget the fire alarm going off at 5.30am and guests on our floor looking at each other is this for real or a joke. Fire directions could be more informative and someone over a tannoy 5 mins later saying false alarm stay calm. No mention or apology next morning. Maid serve did start work around 8.30 – 9am in the morning, solved this by turning lock on door. By the end of our stay the air con had become heating with the temperature saying a sauna like heat of 92. There must be a major problem with the system as friends who arrived later in the week and 14 floors below us complained of their room being cold. The front of house staff at this hotel need a major kick up the backside and need to start making their guests welcome and not that they are doing you a major favour. We were moved twice while waiting for friends as the area we wanted to sit in the bar was reserved shown to another area only to be informed 20 minutes later that this was now reserved and moved back to the area we originally wished to sit. We were offered our drinks for free after I started to kick off about being messed about, shame I had to start doing this.Would we stay at this hotel again – not sure staff would have to improve and they would have to sort out air con/heating. But for location for sightseeing it is very good.	
Oct 23 2008 	A Novotel and on Times Square	Stayed at this Novotel for the weekend of October 17th. Check in was speedy and friendly. The room was quiet, clean and comfortable (we were not near the elevators and it was a weekend). A previous review mentioned problems with bed bugs but none was encountered during this stay. One of the two elevators servicing the hotel from street level was down for repair but this was not a major inconvenience in our case. Did not use the restaurant or bar facilities on the trip. Check out was fast and efficient.The location of the hotel allows for easy access to the Metro and a variety of restaurants/ bars and attractions. That is the key feature. I would stay there again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Location location location	Rooms are a bit small for US standards, but for NY I guess they're a good size. We stayed here twice and had rooms with great views. Great location, within walking distance of just about everything. Would stay here again next time I vist NY.	
Oct 20 2008 	Not as expected ... but judgement out	This was our second visit to New York in 11 months .... we chose the Novotel this time because of its location. Which can not be faulted, we upgraded to have a times square view (which you have to do) check in was quick and the room was ok...... don't expect nice expect ok ..... clean tidy but with a 70's feel ...... but when in new york you really only use the room to change sleep etc ..... the WiFi service is not through the hotel they have nothing to do with it, you have to sign up to t mobile at the rate of $9.99 per 24 hours which you have to do online (which wasn't a problem) there is a outside bar area on level 5 which looks out towards times square which is excellent. when you go to the hotel you have to get one of two lifts that just take you to the reception floor ... one of these was out of action on our stay and had been and will be for some time to come so we were told, this can be quite annoying when you have to cue in the mornings and evenings for sometime to get out of the hotel. Also the kitchen is out of action so no food on offer, they are offering a buffet breakfast for $14.95 which we avoided as for the amount your better off getting out and about and eating better food elsewhere. I was annoyed that when i booked this hotel direct no mention of the lift and kitchen was mentioned we paid $2640 for our 5 day stay which i didn't feel great value for money considering the above. However remember the location and view ........ overall the novotel was good ...would we stay there next time .... No .... because they could have told us about the problems when i booked. any one booked to stay please message us if you have any questions re location etc ........	
Oct 7 2008 	Great place to stay	Recently stayed 3 nights at this hotel. What a perfect location to be at in New York City. Just south of Central Park and close to just about everything. Hotel was clean, rooms were clean, neat and beds were very comfortable. Maid service was excellant. Our rooms were ready when we arrived at approx. 8:45am. Staff were very friendly and professional. Elevators to the floors were quick. Would definately stay there again and again.	
Oct 7 2008 	You should not be disappointed	A great location above Times Square on Broadway and close to the subway gave this hotel a distinct advantage. We had a 5-night break and enjoyed every minute. We requested a room change away from the lift and staff duly obliged with a large, corner room on the 24th floor with views down Broadway to Times Square. A little inconvenience because one of the two lifts was out of order and only a cold buffet breakfast ($15) was available as the kitchens were being refurbished, but there was still ample choice or you could chose local diners if you preferred. Check your final bill carefully as an item from the minibar was included and we had not even opened the door! Much of this has been said by other reviewers but the staff were obliging, the room large, quiet and clean and we would recommend this hotel to others visiting this exciting location.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great location	We found this hotel on Times Sqaure through www.cityandshow.com and got a really good deal, £525 for 5 nights. My husband contacted the hotel directly explaining it was my birthday and they upgraded us to a room with a view of Times Square. The room was adequate and comfortable but could do with a bit of TLC. there was also a smell of smoke in the bathroom but all in all it was a good hotel in a great location at a good price and the staff were good. The only downside was that you had to get a lift from the street up to the lobby and there was only 1 lift working (normally 2), more an inconvenience than anything. I would recommend it to everyone.The hotel is right in the heart of things and round the corner from the Gershwin theatre where you can see Wicked - a definite must do! It's also just off Broadway so there are loads of theatres nearby. Also near by is &quot;restaurant row&quot; where you can choose from a variety of good restaurants. For cheap good breaskfasts try one of the many Deli's nearby, much cheaper than branded restaurants and where New yorkers eat. If you can get this hotel at the rate we did you won't be disappointed!	
Sep 30 2008 	Decent Hotel in a Great Location	I recently stayed at Novotel while traveling to Manhattan on a business trip. After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor I was a little concerned about noise, but this was the only hotel that I could find on short notice without spending over $550 for a weeknight. The good: The price seems high, but the market demands it so I went for it. The hotel was clean enough and the bed was comfortable enough. The staff was fine but not overly friendly. The bad: The decor in the rooms was dated but sufficient. The ugly: There are only 2 elevators to get you from the street to the lobby and one of them was being repaired. This made it a bit time consuming to get to the street. Also, the kitch was being renovated while I was there so there was no room service and limited restaurant service - only a morning buffet. The cool factor: The view outside of my window, once I opened it and stuck my head out, was fantastic - all of the lights and sound of Times Square. I assume the renovations and repairs will make Novotel a better place to stay at in the future. So all in all I woul stay here again but it would not be my first choice. It would again be a decision basesd on cost and available other selections	
Sep 29 2008 	Bed bugs no food and noisy	Two colleagues and I booked into the Novotel on W 52nd Street in NYC last week and for $350 a night each we were all given rooms next to the elevator bank. We heard elevators banging all night long. But by far the worst event were the bed bugs. I was bitten several times - six bites on one ankle and four on the other. It has been a week and I still have big red blotches now that the swelling and itching have subsided. Just to add to this annoyance, their restaurant was closed and so, for $350 a night, no room service or dining were to be had other than an expensive continental breakfast. If a hotel isn't able to provide service for its guests, or fumigate the wildlife, it should have the courtesy to adjust its room rates to reflect the fact you will have little sleep, no food and be bitten by bugs. I have been working in NYC over the past few years and in all the different accommodations I have had, this is the first bed bug problem I have encountered.I have only ever been moved to write one other review on trip adviser, for a great B&amp;B I stayed at in England last year. But this particular experience prompted me to speak out.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Place to Stay!!!	This was our first time in New York So we hadnt a clue where to stay but friends had recommended Novotel to us and we couldnt have got a better place to stay in New York.We where right in the centre of everything. Walkin distance to all main attractions!Rooms were decent size with Air Con Mini bar which we didnt use as a bit pricey but there is shops out of the hotel which are cheaper to buy in! Room also had a decent size bathroom plus our room had a view of Times Square which was great to look at by night or day.All in all we were very impressed with novotel as check in and and check out were quick with friendly staff and helped us with any bookings we needed to get to the airport.So I would def recommend this hotel if u want to be in the heart of it all and quite well priced!!!	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Location!	Smooth check-in was very much appreciated after the long flight.The check-in staff were friendly and helpful.You do have to change lifts after checking in, in the lobby but if you have wheely suitcases, this is no problem.Our room was acceptable...large enough and clean, if a little dated. We had room 2417 which wasn't too near the lifts (elevators), so we didn't hear any noise from them. The bed was big and comfortable and we were never disturbed by the cleaners early in the morning. We occasionally remembered to put out the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign by about 8.30am. but not always ,so maybe we were just lucky.There was air conditioning, which we left on all the time and it was fairly efficient but I imagine that if the temperatures were hotter,it may not have been up to the job.I was thankful to other Trip Advisor forum members to know not to touch anything in the minibar, so as not to be charged for things we hadn't had, as usually I like to have a good rummage through there. We didn't appear to have any price list so i don't know if the stuff in there was expensive or not.We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food but we had a couple of drinks at the bar and the prices compared quite favourably with those in local bars (which we found quite expensive......$14approx for a beer and a wine) and at the hotel they give you a bowl of snacks (similar to Bombay mix) with your drink.We stayed for seven nights, and the hotel is very favourably located, being close to all the Broadway theatres and Times Square in one direction and Central Park in the other. It was also easy enough to get to other areas of Manhattan using the Subway.To summarise, I would recommend the Novotel to any one who wants to be within easy reach of most of the tourist attractions and would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2008 	It will do but...	This hotel has many flaws. However, it has a great location at 52nd and Broadway, the northern end of Times Square. My room was of a decent size and the bed was comfortable. I had a nice view of Times Square and I suspect, as the hotel begins on the 8th floor of the building, most rooms have good views.The furniture in my room was badly scratched. The chair looked like something that wouldn’t sell at a yard sale for 50 cents. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling and there was mould on the wall. The bath/shower was a plastic unit reminiscent of Motel 6. Perhaps worst of all, there is only one working elevator to haul guests and their luggage from street level to the 8th floor lobby. As this hotel must have about 300 rooms, there is always a delay, a line and a cramped ride. Forget about it at “rush hour” in the morning or evening.My room had no phone service. It took three calls on my cell phone to the front desk to get an engineer to come up to the room. He told me that the problem was that the line was dead and that the phone company would have to be contacted. He assured me that the hotel would keep me apprised of the status which, of course, they did not. In fairness, the hotel did make an adjustment to my bill at checkout to compensate me for this.It’s amazing how little you get for $500 per night in New York!	
Sep 17 2008 	Starting to look tired...	After having stayed here twice before, I knew what to expect: clean, large rooms which are basic but all you really need when staying in a big city. Great location, very central. After a long flight from the UK, arrived at 2pm to a frosty reception from the French check in man, who told us check in was not until 3pm. Everywhere else in the world, even if check in is not until 3pm, the hotel usually has a room by 2pm, especially after such a long journey! However, on checking my booking form, it actually stated that check in was from 2pm, so begrudgingly, he told me it was wrong, but he would give me a room anyway - thanks! This is not what you want when you have just had a long journey - the whole check in process was very awkward and longwinded and had no reason to be. Also, the check in agent seemed to be unaware of the fact that we had paid more on Expedia for a Superior room rather than a Standard - it took a lot of persuasion for him to give us what we had paid for! The room was OK when we eventually got to it - had a good view of Times Square which was clearly a good point, but apart from that it was smaller than the others we had stayed in at the Novotel (even though it was superior), a little dusty, and generally starting to look tired and worn. If this was superior, then I wouldn't have wanted to stay in a Standard. We had paid a hefty rate for the room which I would class as being average value for money only because of the location being a redeeming factorDuring the whole stay, staff were just OK. Will not be staying here again unless the hotel has a refurb and the staff go on a course on how to be friendly and helpful on check in!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Location some pitfalls	Just got back from a four night stay in Novotel - Sept 08. Cannot argue with the location, 4 blocks from Time Square. Ease of access to subways etc. A definite negative was when we arrived at the hotel and were told that the restaurant was being renovated. No room service available either. A cold breakfast was offered but for a charge of approx $15!This may not be an issue, as New York diners are better for breakfast. However, out of the 2 lifts (which bring you from the street up 9 floors to the lobby) one was being renovated. This meant a delay each time to go out and grab a bite to eat. The booking was made quite some time ago so it would have been appreciated to have been told in advance of the absence of a hotel restuarant. Also, as all guests had to leave the hotel to dine, the second elevator should have been functioning to avoid the delays experienced. Lastly, TV internet was offered in the room at $10 for 24 access. However, the keyboard provided did not work. I spoke to the front desk and they informed me that this was no longer offered in each room and that 24 internet access was available in the hotel's business centre. At check-out I was going to be charged the $10 until I informed them that I never had access in the first place! Something for future visitors to be aware of. A nice clean hotel however and as stated above, great for being in the centre of New York city.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Hotel	My travel agent recommended this hotel and i could hardly fault it. Great location, as i travelled with my girlfriend whos 2 months pregnant. The hotel itself was nice and clean with very friendly and helpful staff. Concierge was very helpful (Yves) with hotels and shops etc in and around the area. Although the restaurant was under renovation and we had to leave $150 deposit if you dont have a credit card the holiday was great and would deffinately go back there. Hope this helps! : )	
Sep 5 2008 	Grat base for exploring	Stayed at the novotel in jan 08 for 7 nights. Location is perfect just off broadway on 52nd street and around the corner from times square, literally 100 yards away!! Typical novotel theme, unusual entrance through the basement, and slowest lift in the world up to reception. Nice big comfy bed, clean bathroom. Staff are friendly, place is always busy, free internet access for guests is a big plus. Had only a small issue with a towel that had not been changed and what looked like (pubic) hair on it when we arrived, but problem was qiuckly sorted along with an apology. Some excellent resturants nearby, all of n.y sights within walking distance, only a few blocks from central park too. I would have prefered a bit more upscale but new york hotels are crazy money, but this was perfect and i would stay again!	
Sep 4 2008 	Novotel - Pros and Cons	Folks,We stayed at the Novotel for five nights, Aug 29 to Sep 2. I am a huge believer in TripAdvisor and I research all my travel options diligently. I try to be very fair and balanced when leaving a review so that others can actually benefit from my experiences. So here it is........PROS- FANTASTIC LOCATION. Loved it, loved it. Just a few short blocks from Times Sq, close to restaurants, cafes, theatres (wicked is literally a block away). Decent size rooms - although rooms were not &quot;modern&quot; or trendy they were a decent size ( i have stayed in rooms in manhattan that were the size of closets) and they were clean even though they were older.Service - staff were helpful, check in and out was smooth. Patio - hotel had a decent outdoor lounging area, great to sit and have a drink after a long day in the cityCONS - I cannot stress this enough folks - the elevators were insanely loud!! LOUD. So loud in fact that I did not sleep at all the first two nights. The third night they finally had another room available that they moved us to. And even though it was on a differnt floor and away from the elevators we could still hear the clanging and banging of the elevators, this time it may have been the service elevators which were directly across from us. Not quite as loudly as before, but enough that I needed to buy ear plugs and could still hear them. I checked dozens and dozens of reviews before booking this hotel and not one review commented on this issue. Not one, that is until I checked today and say that someone who stayed at the Novotel last week had the same comment. I was very dissapointed. My partner and I are very reasonable travellers and he has travelled quite a bit and he can sleep through pretty much anything, however, by the second night as the noise became louder and louder even he was tired and cranky. I do not exagerate when I tell you the noise from those elevators was over the top and impossible to sleep through. I sincerely reccomend you avoid any rooms by the elevators. Other than that no real cons at all. Hope this helps.	
Aug 31 2008 	NOT SURE	Well were do I start?? I guess my review is about personal taste and what I experienced. Location - the Novotel is in the heart of Time Square so if you like the hassle and bustle 24 hours a day this hotel may be for you. We would have preferred a little less craziness, even in New York. The check in staff were lovely, eager to please and very friendly.We did eat at the Hotel Restaurant and it was reasonably priced and the food was pretty good - the waiters were friendly and efficient.The rooms in the hotel were actually quite big but I had a major problem with the Hotels Cleaners. On the first day it was completely our fault we didn't put the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on our door. At 9.00am the cleaners just wondered in, when they realised that we were still in bed asleep they did not apologise they just told us that we should have the sign on the door. The second day we made sure we put the sign on the door, but again at 9.00am they went to open our door again, this time I shouted out to them. By the third day I was pretty frustrated ( particularly when I didn't think they did such a great job anyway, hair in the bath tub, yuck). We had put the sign on the door but somehow it feel to the ground and the cleaners walked in on us again at 9.00am. By the fourth day I was ready to complain but for the first day since we arrived they didn't just barge into our room at 9.00am. On the fifth day, no problems. But on our final day they barged in again, thanks guys!! I found the rooms dirty. The sheets on the bed were changed but I'm sure that the bed spreads hadn't been changed in a while. There were stains on the carpet &amp; it just looked worn and dirty, the carpet really needed to be replaced. Maybe this is just New York, but I probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again.To some it up I've never been to New York before, but in my view cleanliness was definitely a problem in this Hotel. All Staff were very nice ( apart from the cleaners )	
Aug 31 2008 	fast check in great location	We spent one night at the Novotel while passing through NY. The hotel is in a great location just a block up from TIMES SQUARE. Rooms were clean and spacious (for new york) and the service was smooth, friendly and effective.super fast check in.visited a great restaurant in restaurant row, as well as a broadway show less than a block away. Had a run in Central park which was in easy reach. took the subway to union sq. for some shopping and back.we used the concierge to book a minivan (11pax) , to JFK and this was smooth and efficient with no waiting and cost the same as any transportation company such as carmel.cost was $299 plus tax per night for up to 4 people in a room, 2 double beds. I think this was a good value.	
Aug 21 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is a pretty nice hotel, all around. We booked through priceline in advance and got a decent rate (considering you are staying so close to time square). Our room was clean and comfortable, and we had a nice view of time square at night. The rooms are not as amazing as you might think they would be for the price, and the fitness center and business center is very small; but the location makes up for it. You are within walking distance from so much of New York City. This is a very popular hotel for international travelers. Pros: Great location, fairly clean, great view, staff was very helpfulCons: A bit expensive, lots of international travelers, wi-fi internet is not free in your room.They also have mini-bars in the rooms with motion centers under every item. Anything you remove from the fridge is charged to your bill. We're talkin five bucks for a can of beer here. Overall- a nice place. I would stay again.	
Aug 20 2008	Prime location but Stay Away from Rooms near the elevator!	Novotel NY is in a prime location, it is simple, clean, and safe. It also has a good breakfast buffet. Just for that, it is worth the money- hotels in NY run quite expensive. When you book the hotel online at the Novotel website, you can request the &quot;City Breaks&quot; package which includes the buffet breakfast in the rate for not much more per night. It was also fun to be in a hotel with a lot of European tourists, you almost feel as if you're visiting France yourself...One BIG problem that my husband and I had was that the room we were in the first night was right next to the elevator shaft. All night, you could hear the clunking of the elevator cables which kept us up. When you're spending $310 per night for a simple three star hotel as it is, the loud clunking is extra annoying. When we complained, we were switched to a different room, which was a lot better. When you make your reservation, make sure you specify that you want a room far from the elevator, and it should be a good stay!	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location - Perfect for New York	If you are after a great location to base your stay in New York, this is the place. Almost in Times Square, this hotel is within walking distance to the Empire State Building, Maceys, The Rockafeller and even the Circle Line docks for Manhatten boat tours (~15mins walk). The hotel itself is fairly well hidden on the corner of W52nd@Broadway, but it can be a real steal if you book in advance.Never ate in the restaurant, as it always seemed pricey. Had breakfast out too (recommend the little Eileen's Diner across the road where the waiters sing as you eat!). Room was quite spacious. A little musty, but generally clean and well kept. Was high up on the 30th floor, so couldn't hear the noise of the streets far below really (except for the odd truck horn or fire-engine).Overall a great stay in New York. Would definately use again.	
Jul 31 2008 	great place	hotel is in a great location just 2 minutes walk from times square and fronting broadway.good facilities, with a great open air bar on the 7th floor looking down to times square.don't use the internet in the room ,use the business centre where there are 2 internet connected computers for free plus a printer.Rooms were all good ,clean and well maintained, and the staff were all helpful (even in new york !).Overall a great stay which we will be happy to repeat.even at the end when we asked for a taxi to JFK the concierge arranged for a Lincoln Town car to take us for the same cost as a yellow cab.	
Jul 28 2008 	Loved it	Stayed here for our first trip to NYC, and our second honeymoon. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. We stayed in a standard room and it was lovely, clean and comfortable. We did have a problem with the fridge in the room though. I took all the cans of their drink out to put our own in to keep cool, and the sensor on the fridge charged it all to our account. as if we had drunk them. But a quick word with the front desk sorted it out. The location of the hotel is perfect, an easy stroll to Central Park, and the Broadway Theatres are a stones throw away. Well recommended.	
Jul 21 2008 	Everything you want from NY....	What more can you ask for? Amazing views of Times Square from our 12th (1204) story room. A lovely balcony for the bar and restaurant overlooking Times Square and reasonably priced drinks. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and excellent bathroom. Be ware of censor based mini bar.. if you are a bit slow of hand you will be chardged. Also do not make international calls from the room or you will be slugged with astronoical rates. But on the whole these are not things that will effect your trip if you are aware of them. Easy walk to Times Square, 5th avenue and Rockefeller center. Do not bother with city pass as a lot is included on the bus tours. Take the blue bus, it wont disappoint, or walk the city which is easily done and save the $50 per head. This hotel is highly recommended and really made our stay in New York. We will be back!	
Jul 7 2008 	Excellent Stay - Will Be Back!	I found out about the Novotel via my agent (as this was my first extended visit to NYC). It came highly recommended and I now know why. The rooms are spacious, very clean and comfortable, and the service is exceptional. It's right off of 52nd and Broadway and EVERYTHING you'd want to see is within walking distance (Theaters, Time Square, NBC Studios, Rockerfeller Center, Radio City, ESPN Zone, etc). In fact one day we walked all the way down to 34th Street and Macy's/Empire State Building. No need to rent a car - cabs and subways are very good. Did not use the breakfast buffet at Novotel (instead, as others have suggested, walk two blocks to the Cosmic Diner - you won't be disappointed. We had the 2 double bed room that, for some reason, was only stocked with enough towels for 3. Called front desk and a complete set of towels was delivered within minutes - never had another concern throughout our stay. I didn't have a &quot;room with a view&quot; and wasn't about to pay the extra $$$ just to have one. I'm just a corner away from the &quot;live&quot; view. Everything in the room worked fine, the AC wasn't very cold but at least comfortable. The entire staff went out of their way to greet us and ensure that everything was fine with our stay. Watch out for the &quot;wet bar&quot; fridge in the room that is PROGRAMMED to automatically charge you for any beverage once it's removed. I didn't want to put any of my own drinks in the fridge to keep them cool for fear I'd be charged. You already know you'll pay $$$$$ anyway so I wouldn't advise using them. That said, there's no other place for me whenever I decide to visit NYC again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good price for the location	As we all know, NY is expensive and to find a resonably priced place to stay in Manhattan is a trick. This hotel is very close to Times Square and many theatres are nearby. Novotel was resonable in price with decent sized rooms. This is a no frills place but the room was clean. The room could be updated (ie remove gross bedspread and replace with duvets) a bit. The rooms are very soundproof. The room was constantly hot, stuffy &amp; musky when we returned and the only way to cope with the locked up smell was to open the window as the airconditioner was weak.I had made my reservation 4 months in advance for a 2-bed non-smoking room and upon arrival, they only had 2-bed smoking rooms. The room was not really smoky, but I was not happy with this.The skydeck is a nice place to hang out with a view of Times Square. The lobby of this hotel is on the 7th floor. So you would have to take an elevator to the 7th floor in order to transfer to another elevator to get to your room. Elevators were very slow and at times we would have to let a couple full elevator loads go by before finding room on one.If you can get a good price, this is a good place to stay due to location.	
Jun 30 2008 	Good price for the standard and location	Booked the Novotel for a trip to NYC with my Dad. Obviously New York hotels are crazily expensive and if you are travelling with young people and are budget conscientious I am all for a few good hostels that have private rooms.However if you need something of a better standard (ie: Premier Inn and above) and you are keen to be very central the Novotel is probably the best value you will find and it completely meets those expectations. Very clean, very nice, very new and modern, and decent sized rooms for New York with pretty good views available. Great wee American diner (Broadway diner) just near the end of the block - good for breakfast and very good weekday deals.Definitely a good choice if you can get a reasonable price. I paid about £140 a night including taxes for a room with 2 doubles in February which was one of the best prices going for the standard/location.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good hotel choice if the price is right	Husband and I stayed for 4 nights earlier this month and we were pleasently surprised (having stayed in the Hotel Pennsylvania on our last trip in 2005). The hotel is in a great location, there is a store right next door for water, snacks etc and a Starbucks across the street, (amongst others)Negatives: Towels in bathroom were tiny, more like hand towels than bath towels. A/C didn't seem to go below 73 degrees - but window did open if you could put up with noise. Carpet was a bit old and dirty.Positives: Location, location, location. Had a nice bar and outside terrace. The room was a lot bigger than we expected, a big plus and the bed was really comfy. There's a safe and big wardrobe with full length mirrors.	
Jun 17 2008	Great Location	Not having been to New York before the Novotel is a great central location for all of the sights. Right in the heart of &quot;Theatreland&quot; and a short stroll from Central Park. The hotel room was very clean and comfortable, guests would benefit from having a coffee maker in the room however McDonalds is at the end of the block. Staff were helpful and very polite however the Concierge was somewhat sour faced although he did know his stuff! GREAT HOTEL, GREAT LOCATION. WORTH EVERY PENNY.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good central hotel if a bit expensive	I stayed here on a last minute business trip with a colleague. It's a nice hotel, the location is just excellent. The only complaint I had is that even though we arrived in the evening at around 6pm, our rooms weren't ready, but they did give us a free drink at the bar while we waited for them to be ready. Rooms were nice and spacious, not the most glam, but great compared to other central New York hotels. I would stay here again, hopefully it isn't as expensive when you don't book last minute!!!	
Jun 6 2008 	Perfect location	Stayed here during the heatwave in April 2008! And have to say, never had a problem with the room temperature as other reviewers have said...could be because i wanted the a/c on all te time!!It has the perfect location, and i dont think that for value and location that this hotel can be beaten! Its not the Ritz, but having been to New York on numerous occasions, all i want is somewhere clean to sleep, centrally located, and well priced so i have more money to spend in NY, and this hotel 100% ticks all the boxes! The staff were friendly and helpful, i didnt ever have breakfast there so i couldnt comment on that, but i used the Stardust diner, if you turned left when coming out of the hotel it was about 50 yards along the street, it was about $6 each for breakfast! I cant reccomend this hotel highly enough, its a clean 3* in a brilliant location, so long as you get it for a good price, then i dont think you can go wrong with it!!!	
Jun 6 2008 	Great location and stay	We stayed for 5 nights in early May. Our room was nice and roomy, king bed, facing Broadway. We could look down the street from our window and see Times Square. It was quiet, clean and comfortable. The location was great. Very easy to walk all around the area, up to Central Park, down to Times Square. Close to many theaters, Starbucks, McDonalds. It was also easy to get a taxi. We did have a problem with shutting off the heat at first but after calling the front desk a very nice maintenance man came within 15 minutes and changed it over to cool. Worked fine from then on. Never had to wait for the elevator more than 1 minute, usually much less. Would stay here again if ever in New York City.	
May 24 2008 	Excellent base really helpful staff	I stayed at the Novotel in April with 8 friends, all ladies, for a shopping break on our way to a cruise. Having been to New York before and fallen foul of the often rude and ill-mannered employees at many of the city's hotels and restaurants, we could not have been more pleased with the Novotel. A splendid position on Broadway, large rooms with 2 double beds, excellent coffee shop with outside area giving great views down to Times Square and hotel staff who could not do enough to help. 9 ladies with loads of luggage are not the easiest guests but nothing was too much trouble - the hotel even kept our bags for the day on our return from the cruise to give us more shopping time.You can walk anywhere from this location - turn left for 5th Avenue, Central Park and Bloomingdales, turn left for Macys and Times Square. We shall definately stay here again.	
May 20 2008 	Decent hotel in the heart of the action	My wife and I arrived in New York on the first night of our honeymoon and we wanted to stay somewhere that was near everything and not too expensive and the Novotel hit the spot on both counts. All we used the room for was sleeping so it's difficult to enthuse too much. Suffice to say, the hotel is clean, comfortable, surprisingly quiet (although we were on the 34th floor) and perfectly located just off Broadway on West 52nd about 3 blocks from Times Square.With hindsight we would have prefered to stay in the West Villiage which had a more friendly less touristy feel but we we're really pleased with the Novotel nonetheless. Definately recommend it for a cheapish, decent hotel in central Manhattan.	
May 20 2008 	Brill Hotel	We had a bit of a problem checking in, there were 4 rooms booked for our party and there were none ready when we arrived in the afternoon, if this happens to you dont say you'll wait for them to be ready. We waited all afternoon and wasted our first day. After we all got checked in the hotel is perfect, the breakfast is lovely, the rooms are big and clean. The location is perfect, I dont think ya could find a hotel as good as this so close to everything. Also there is a balcony out by the bar which looks right onto times square which is such a brilliant view at night just to sit out.Also if you like pizza try the pizza place on the corner across from starbucks for single slices or whole pizzas and if you like pub food try the irish bar on 50th street just up a bit from the supermarket type shop, big portions, cheap food, really nice people. Ya cant go wrong	
May 16 2008 	Great Value Great Location Great Hotel!	6 couples stayed at the Novotel Times Square May 13-14 2008.The location alone would be exceptional enough to reccommend this hotel, but the value it offers in a city of high prices hotel rooms makes it a true &quot;find&quot;. No it is not the Ritz, or even the Hyatt, but the hotel is well located, the rooms we had were well maintained, the staff is a delight, and did I mention the location.We were in the city for theater, and the Novotel is located in the heart of the theater district. 52nd and Broadway, 2 buildings off Broadway. Rooms were modest, but clean. Bedding was a little soft, and pillows a little small. I have included actual photos of the room and the bathroom. Carpeting was very clean, hallways well lighted, and looked newly wallpapered. No room was more than 1 hallway down from the elevator with straight sight lines.Hair dryer was an older Conair model with a &quot;slow blow&quot; and there was no magnifying mirror in the bathroom...on the other hand, the bathroom was very well lit, and had a ceiling fan to avoid steaming the whole room. Water pressure in the shower (with an adjustable shower head) was high, and the water hot! The front desk staff, and the bell staff were all above and beyond in friendliness and courtesy. The doorman Arthur was a delight!This hotel is an excellent value, and can be booked with Funjet Vacations, Midwest Vacations and I am sure many many more. I cannot tell you how much the actual room rate was, because we purchased a group package, but I know it was rated a 3* and was one of the best priced at that rating.	
May 15 2008 	Best hotel in Manhattan	I have been visiting NYC twice a year the past 6 years and have stayed in various hotels. The Novotel was by far the best. We stayed in a huge room overlooking Hudson River - what a view. Size and standard on rooms are better than most hotels in Manhattan.I can highly recommend this hotel.	
May 8 2008 	Fab Location Good Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and my husband got the room upgraded to 22nd floor with Times Square view. And what a view! I would definitely recommend to get a room with that view. Hotel was good and the location is great. Nearly all major attractions were close and within walking distance (well, you do have to walk quite a bit in New York!). Nearly everything was good about this hotel, friendly staff, you could bring food in, good location, etc... except for the thin walls. And it became worse when someone would run bath, open tap,etc. in adjoining rooms. It was so loud as if water was running in your room. So other than this problem this hotel is great.	
May 6 2008	Excellent Hotel	Very pleasant stay in a superb location. The 2 lift system was fine and we didn't have to queue once. The room was Ok with a great view. The lobby is very nice and the concierge extremely helpful. Only slight criticism is that the beds were a little small and the A/C not very powerful.	
May 5 2008 	Location Location Location ...	Excellent location bang in the middle on Broadway Theatre district.Costing around $300 a night it was relatively good value for such a central location.Our room was on the 27th floor out of 33 and had a fabulous view (please see photo).The room was very clean but needed a bit of smartening. Huge &amp; comfy bed.The aircon was inneffective, though I understand that it was not properly switched on yet for the summer - rather hot.Also on our 4 night stay, the key cards had to be reprogrammed each day at reception - bore !We never ate in the hotel as there were so many other good &amp; more NY authentic dining options around the neighbourhood, including various Delis for breakfast, and 'Juniors' restaurant a few block south.As suggested by another contributor we took the Airtrain from JFK to Sulphin Boulevard changing onto the 'E' subway line to 7th Avenue. This takes about 50 minutes &amp; costs a very reasonable $7.	
May 4 2008 	The Novotel New York!	Me and my mom went on a trip to the Novotel New York from April 29 to May 2. The day started out kind of rough. We missed our flight and all we had to do was call the hotel and they kept it for us untill midnight which was great. Our view of Times Square was amazing. It's really nice to go to a clean hotel after a long day of running around New York and just be able to look out the window to Times Square. If you can afford to pay extra for the view, it's worth it. But if you can't that's okay too because the hotel is really nice. The only thing about the hotel is that they didn't have a cofee maker in the room. My mom would have to go down to the restaraunt they have and buy a cup of coffee for about 4 bucks and the breakfast is super expensive for cold cereal. It's around 15 bucks and 20 bucks if you want toast or eggs. But there is a McDonalds literally around the corner which was nice because I love their bisquits. They had a fridge in the room but it was motion censered so if you opened it, you were charged. They didn't have a microwave either. That didn't matter to us because any food brought to our room was eaten. :D But that might be a problem to some people who might just want to keep their food fresh. Also when you check in they charge you a 100 dollars just in case of damage or whatever but they put it back your bank account once you check out. The Theatre for &quot;Wicked&quot; is literally across the street which was so nice. Expecially if you don't know your way around NYC and you have to search for your theatres. When you check out the door men are really nice and call cabs for you. The rooms were clean, large, and smelled nice. :D They were always clean when we came back to the room after walking around NYC all day. The location is absolutly amazing. You're right there right at Times Square and everything is close. Also do spend the money on the City Bus Tours that are close to the hotel. They are completley worth the money. We were there 3 days but the first day we didn't do anything because we came in late but for 2 days we did not miss one thing on that island. The men are dressed in blue or red. There are two different busses but they take you to the same places. Really worth the money. For 50 bucks a person you get a entire tour of the city with hop on hop off features to you can stop anywhere you want for two days. A ticket to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty (which we didn't do, just because not enough time in the day) and a ticket to a museum of your choice. The Late show with David Letterman is super close. Walk out the hotel and take a left and boom you're there. The location is amazing. Can't knock the hotel, really. Just little things to nit pick at but the next time we go back we are def. staying back there.	
May 4 2008 	Fantastic	If your looking for somewhere in the heart of New York then this is it. Big room, big bed, fantastic views of Times Square.Instead of paying hotel food and beverage prices, turn left when you come out of the hotel and at the end of the block is 'Cosmic' diner - great for breakfast/lunch. About $15 for masses of food.Central Park, 5th Ave, TImes Sq, Radio City all within walking.I was really worried after booking and some of the reviews I had read, but really it is a truly great hotel and great location for this wonderful city. I love it!	
May 4 2008 	Pretty good stay at the Novotel	6 of us stayed at the Novotel Times Sq. for 4 nights last month for a long weekend and we all found it a great hotel to stay in, especially for it's location. Firstly just on the edge of Times Sq. and secondly near Central Park, Fifth Avenue and a nbr 1 subway line which can take you down to Staten Island.The rooms themselves were a little dated but still very comfortable with enough space for us and copious amounts of shopping!A previous reviewer mentioned th prices of drinks and yes they are very expensive but as its a hotel thats to be expected. If you want a drink there is an Irish pub 1 block south &quot;O'Lumneys&quot; which was a nice friendly bar.We never ate in the hotel instead choosing to have breakfast at either Applejacks (2blocks north if I remember correctly) or the Cosmic Diner which was1 block west as you exit the hotel. Also there are several places to eat around the hotel so you shouldn't have any problems with finding anything more affordable + who wants to stay and eat in the hotel anyway unless it's a place like the Michelangelo or another 5 star hotel?!There is a little store in the hotel which sells candy, snacks and souveniers but after one visit we decided to buy outside of the hotel (Cheaper once again).The staff were all very friendly and helpful, we had an issue with the A/C not working on the first night and this was swiftly resolved the next day by the hotel engineer.For the location alone I would stay here again any day, plus the views from the sky deck of Times Sq are rather nice (Even at 5am when you cant sleep!), the only bad points to mention are the prices of goods in the hotel and the slightly dated look of the rooms if I want to be really fussy!	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Location	Upon arrival you had to take an elevator to the lobby which is on the 7th floor of the hotel. You then take another elevator to your room. We arrived early, just disembarking from a cruise and John at reception was able to give us a room which was wonderful with all the luggage we had. The room was nice with a great view and quiet at night. I'd definately stay there again.	
Apr 14 2008 	just an ok hotel	Stopped at the hotel from 1st April 2008 until 6th April 2008 inclusive. First timers in New York, 2 adults and 2 children but was a bit worried about stopping here after reading the reviews, had a room overlooking Times Square if you squeezed your face against the window, had problem with heating it was too cold, complained approx 4 times, still not sorted but on checking out told them i was not happy and they gave me a refund, breakfast in the hotel was ok 20 dollars each adult but children eat free. Room was an ok room nothing special at all, 2 double beds, very soft and not particulary clean, would prob stop elsewhere if went again, but location wise could not fault the hotel	
Apr 14 2008	Novotel Times Square NY	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in April, 2008. The room was clean and comfortable, but there are some down sides which potential guests need to be aware of before they book at this Novotel.There are no tea making facilities in the room, fortunately we knew about this before booking and took our own travel kettle.Restaurant is expensive, with wine at $35 a bottle, breakfast at $20 each, so eat out.There was an electric fire in the bathroom at floor level, with a towel rail above, (potential fire risk) and a hazard if you have small children. There was also an electric hair drier above the hand basin, if you dropped it in the basin when it was full of water you could be electrocuted. This presence of these items in a bathroom in the UK would be outlawed along with the two electrical sockets, and we were surprised to see this in the US.	
Apr 13 2008 	Great overall stay at Novotel!	We stayed at the Novotel hotel for 5 days in December 2007. We were planning on staying only 3 days but our flight out of New York was canceled due to weather storms. We called the Nvotel hotel and they were able to accomodate us at a similar rate that we paid booking through Priceline. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The only complain I have is that we came back to the room one evening and the room smelled like someone had done #2 in the bathroom. We can only conjur that one of the chamber maids used our bathroom soon before we got there. So we had to open up the windows (it was 30 degrees outside) to air out the room.Hands downs, however, the best thing about the hotel is the location and the amazing view from the terrace. We were the perfect walking distance to times square on one side and Central Park on the other. It's right on Broadway so we were also literally a block away from the theater where we happened to book the play we wanted to see. I will never forget the incredible view of time square from that terrace!The people at the front desk were also very friendly and helpful. So all in all, a great stay!	
Apr 12 2008	Great Location - Fab Hotel	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Novotel. We had a king size room on the 20th floor and had no problems at all with the hotel or it’s staff. The location is brilliant. A lot has been said about the wait for lifts, but we never waited more than a minute for a lift. Will definately go back to this hotel again. The best diner near the hotel for breakfast is AppleJacks which is on the corner of Broadway and 53rd or 54th. Subway is cheap, clean and easy to use. We never felt unsafe the whole time we were there. Top Tip: If going to the statue of liberty, pre-book your trip online beforehand so that you definately get a monument pass. The museum is well worth the visit and tickets were not available on the day.	
Apr 5 2008 	Too Warm	My daughter &amp; I wanted to stay somewhat close to the theaters but still have some money to buy tickets to see a few shows .In NYC, $250 a night during the week, doesn't buy a lot.On the plus side was Ian, at the front desk. We got to the hotel around noon and checked right in.He was very personable.On the minus side was no control over the temperature of the room.. We set the thermostat on 66, but the room never got below 76. We kept the windows opened the few inches they would go but that didn't help much. Even on the 28th floor, with earplugs, you can still hear the sounds of the city at night. The knob to turn on the water in the tub was also not working properly, but we dealt with it.	
Apr 3 2008 	Good but not great	Chose this hotel based on reviews and pictures, and whilst not wholly disappointed, was not bowled over by it. Positives: room exactly like pictures, bed was enormous, great views down Broadway (if you stand with your face against the window and look sideways); clean, housekeeping done each day; friendly doorman (didn't get his name unfortunately but he got us a great deal on a limo back to airport).Negatives: room temperature was 90+ degrees for 4 of my 7 days until I finally called maintenance. Seems the hotel can either have it on &quot;hot&quot; or &quot;cold&quot;, so despite following the instructions for the thermostat the room wasn't cooling down - it was doing the opposite. After it was reprogrammed the temp was great! Also, there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms, repeat NO TEA/COFFEE FACILITIES IN ROOM!! I have never stayed in a hotel that doesn't at least have a coffee maker. Bit of a pain when your 3yr old is asleep and you want a cuppa and the deli is 25 floors down and across the street. Minibar in room - if you remove items to use the space for other items (like fruit for the kids) you are automatically charged for the item, as the fridges are sensored. Seems there is a warning on the fridge but after close inspection of my fridge I still couldn't find the warning. On checking out was presented with a bill for several hundred dollars for bar/restaurant services. Except we never once dined or drank in the hotel. Seems there is no system for checking people are giving correct room numbers to the bar when ordering drinks/food. So you could be paying for someone else's stuff. Didn't find the concierge particulary friendly when asking about laundry facilities, check in desk were going to put us all (3 adults, 1 child) in one room, despite us having 2 rooms booked and paid for.Overall, it was an OK hotel, excellent location, walking distance to most of the major sites. Subways are very easy to use (I have been going to New York for 15 years and never had a problem) and safe, although do be cautious at night and stand where the ticket booth can see you. Take the bus tours - they are fantastic value, hop on n hop off. Take the downtown tour, get off at Battery Park for Statue of Liberty, then get back on bus when you're ready and continue the tour. For Statue/Ellis Island, get downtown early as there can be a rather large queue (security). Personally, I would get the Staten Island ferry (free) to sail past the Statue - I don't think it's worth the hassle of queuing, and I certainly wouldn't spend the time lining up to go inside and up it!! One last piece of advice to the New York virgin - don't be fooled into thinking you must eat at big name restaurants. We always go to the Olympic diner on 8th Ave between 48/49th streets. Breakfast here for all 4 of us was $25ish, breakfast for 1 in the Novotel - $20. You do the math!! Sure, try the all singing all dancing restaurant, but if you eat out like this for every meal you will be very skint very soon!!! I would probably stay here again if I was travelling alone or with husband, but not with my child.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great stay at the Novotel	My teenage daughter and I stayed at the Novotel for 2 nights and were very happy with our experience. We splurged a bit and got a room with a Times Square view, but it did include the buffet breakfast also. The Times Square view was pretty accurate. I expected it to be a little more of a dead-on view down Broadway, but the view we had impressed my daughter and it was far better than overlooking an alley. Our room was normal sized for a room with two double beds - plenty of room to walk around. The bathroom was good sized also. The room was clean and quiet, the service at breakfast was terrific and our check-in went smoothly. The few things that bugged me were: 1.) the use of flat sheets for fitted sheets. They always end up coming loose if you turn at all while sleeping, so it made sleeping slightly uncomfortable. 2.) The heat never got warm enough, so rather than have it blow out somewhat cool air, I just kept it turned off while we slept. 3.) The lobby was an elevator ride up from street level. Sometimes that was a little annoying - not being able to just walk right out. 4.) I didn't really see a bellman available to help hail a taxi. I just did it myself and was successful most times, but many hotels will do that for you. None of these were anything that would make me choose a different hotel. The location was perfect for what we were doing - dinner, a show and exploring midtown Manhattan. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Hotel! WIll definitely stay again!!	Me and My boyfriend stayed at the Novotel from March 16th-20th and we both think it is a really great hotel. The rooms are really nice, not at all shabby (as i had read in some previous reviews!) The bed is really big! The bathrooms are big and are really clean. There is a hairdryer in the bathroom, so no need to take your own!We booked a room with a normal view, instead of paying extra for the times square view, but we could still see Times Square from our window. The staff were really helpful and friendly. The lobby is on the 7th floor and is quite impressive! You have to get 1 lift from street level to the lobby, then you have to get another one to the level your room is on.Everything is within walking distance, Times Square is a 5minute walk, Central Park 10minutes, Macys is about a 15-20minute walk away. Everything else is 5-15minutes in a taxi. There are also loads of places to eat nearby. We will definitely stay here again next time we go to New York!! I highly recommend the Novotel!xxx	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent location	Well located, very big and comfortable beds, well equipped and big rooms, good window view.	
Mar 23 2008	Only hot or cold temp.control!	Stayed with my family in four rooms,three of which were hot and one was cold,although the outside temperature was in the mid 50's.Otherwise the hotel is outstanding,specially friendly staff and very good food.	
Mar 16 2008 	Brilliant location friendly staff	We stayed in Novotel NY (3 couples, 3 rooms) March 9-12 2008.Rooms were good size for NY and housekeepers did excellent job of keeping them clean. King size beds were very comfortable. Staff were very friendly and always willing to help especially Gloria on front desk who would brighten any holiday with her enthusiasm and bubbly personality.Views of Times Square were awesome and everything needed for a NY holiday experience was close at hand including transport, food and entertainment.Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great Hotel	Have just returned from New York. I booked online after reading reviews on several hotels on trip advisor. I was very pleased with my choice. Staff were very pleasant especially Ian &amp; Frank at reception and Gerard at the bar. His orange cocktail is a must. I have read some of the reviews since I arrived home and I am wondering if I stayed in the same hotel as I have no complaints at all. One person said they did not like the fact that they had to queue for the lift. I never had to queue for the lift. I thought having the lobby on the 7th floor was a great idea. I found the rooms very comfortable and spacious. I liked the decor. I had a fantastic view over Times Square. I thought the design of the lobby &amp; bar created a nice feeling of space and comfort. Stayed in New York, Upper West Side, two years ago but next time will definitely be returning to Novotel. Would highly recommend it.	
Mar 11 2008 	Big room; good price; no A/C; no cold water	We found this to be a good location (we were attending two Broadway musicals &amp; going to the Metropolitan Opera). Handy to subway. Large room compared to others we've had in the Times Square/Midtown area. Our first room was 80 degrees when we arrived (with outside temps in the mid-50s), and didn't get any cooler after an hour with the thermostat set at 68. After contacting the front desk &amp; waiting for 1/2 an hour for someone to arrive to remedy the situation, we asked for another room, which we were given. It was marginally better--74 degrees (and never cooler).The second room also had an issue with a lack of cold water. All that came out of the sink &amp; bath faucets was scalding hot, making it impossible to shower. This was corrected by the next morning, but occurred again late afternoon of that second day.Room was clean &amp; quiet. Attractive lobby. Could have been a great find if not for the above mentioned issues.	
Mar 11 2008 	Nice hotel - everything you need	Stayed for a week in Feb. Impressed with the room - good furnishings, very comfy bed, very clean room / bathroom. Views were fantastic from the room window (we were on the top floor). Staff were friendly and very helpful. Good location near to subways stops.I would definitely stay here again if / when I go back to NY.	
Mar 3 2008 	Outstanding!	My husband and I spent three nights at the Novotel and was very impressed. The staff on reception were very welcoming and we were in our room within 2 -3 minutes of arriving. Our room was on the 24th floor (room 2408). It was surprisingly spacious and although the decor was a little tired, it was clean and in good order. The bed was very comfortable and large, but the icing on the cake was definately the view of Times Square and Broadway. The Novotel was in an excellent location, with lots of attractions within walking distance - Empire State, Macy's, Grand Central, Times Square etc. The concierge at the hotel was extremely helpful, although his French humour didn't really &quot;travel&quot;! He assisted us by booking a minibus back to Newark airport and also told us where I could find a particular brand of shoes as hubby didn't want to traipse around all the shoe shops!All round extremely good and would definately recommend it for people on a budget who don't necessarily want to compromise on room size, quality and location.	
Feb 27 2008 	Just up our street!:)	This was my first long distance holiday away from home, i was a little apprehensive and nervous but the hotel could not have been more welcoming! The staff was warm and friendly and my partner and I settled in immediately. The hotel is in an ideal location, right in time square! Beautiful and breathtaking views...wow! The rooms were of ample space, lovely shower and the TV was a major plus. The only annoyance of the hotel was the street entrance. The lift, which takes you up to reception, was a little slow at times, but other than that I couldn’t fault it. Definitely thinking of going back next year.	
Feb 25 2008 	Highly Recommend	As a native NY'er who moved away a few years ago, I am always reticent to stay in hotels when I come &quot;home&quot; to visit. However, this was a holiday gift from my family which included a Broadway play. I had never been in the Novotel when I lived in Manhattan and was pleasantly surprised.The staff was friendly and accommodating. The room was nicely sized (I'd stayed in The Paramount at this time last year and the room was not nearly as large). The view was extraordinary. The sound was not bad at all for Manhattan (either from my adjacent rooms or from the street - partially as I was up on the 25th floor.)The most outstanding characteristic, I'd say, however, was the overall cleanliness of the room, the common areas, even the business center.Check in/check out was easy. In nicer weather (it snowed while I was there), I'd suggest availing yourself of the outdoor patio at the lobby level overlooking Times Square.Negatives:Time to upgrade the bed linens from the bedspreads and wool blankets of old.Lots of bleach marks and other stains on the carpets in and outside the room. General - could probably use a slight update, but really not offensive. Room temperature was really not adjustable via the thermostat and permanently registered at 76 degrees F (no matter whether I changed the heat or air setting.) Opening the windows (which can only be done at about 2&quot; at the top) provided some relief, but not enough once the sheers and drapes were closed at night.	
Feb 25 2008 	Not so hot	Condition of my room on the 18th floor was in bad shape. Linens were old as well as the mattress. Shower head did not spray water, but rather drizzled water out. I would say this hotel experience is equal to staying at a medium to low end Best Western. The hotel staff made me wait for 10 minutes to checkin and had a &quot;who cares?&quot; attitude. Checking out wasn't any better. I used the electronic checkout from my room and when I asked for a copy of the receipt from the front desk clerk, he rolled his eyes and made a big sigh before completing the task of printing my receipt. I've stayed at several Manhattan hotels and this by far was the worst. The Times Square Marriott Marquis is my most favorite.	
Feb 24 2008 	Novotel fits right into a fabulous trip to NY!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Novotel January 3rd for 3 days. It was a fabulous experience and can't recommend this hotel enough. After seeing some reviews for other hotels, I was wary of NY hotels in general, seeing pictures of small, drab rooms. Our room at The Novotel was much bigger and cleaner than I expected with a massive bed - we could have easily fit another person in the bed!!The hotel itself is situated brilliantly, right on 52nd and Broadway and overlooking Times Square. We only ate in the restaurant once but those buffalo chicken wings were to die for!!The only thing that can get tiresome is the lift-swapping as you have to travel a few floors up to the lobby and then get into another set of lifts to your room but don't let such a small thing put you off. I will definitely be looking to go to NY again and to stay in the Novotel.	
Feb 24 2008 	EXCELLENT HOTEL!	Just returned this morning from NY and my stay at the Novotel was brilliant. Our room was on the 27th floor with amazing views over Times Square. The hotel is centrally located to all restaurants, shops, attractions and it was a pleasure to stay there. The rooms were cleaned daily and were constantly spotless with clean towels also provided each day. Check in after a very long wait at the airport and delays in London was very quick - a plus! Staff were very helpful. Would definitely recommend and will definitely be returning! Loved the Hotel and loved NY	
Feb 23 2008	Great Hotel	Via my local travel agent I booked a trip to New York City for me and my father, who hadn't been in NYC for over 45 years. Despite the fact that some other hotels offered to us would have made our trip quite a lot cheaper, I decided on booking the Novotel New York mainly because the reviews on Trip Advisor, its location (Broadway and 52nd) and the fact that the Novotel, belonging to the Accor chain, would most certainly be a comfortable and very clean hotel due to the reputation the whole Accor group needs to uphold. We weren't at all disappointed.Room 1501 provided us with two large and comfortable queen beds, a convenient bathroom and a view over Broadway. The room was clean, the staff, from the front desk to the concierge to the security people, were friendly and helpful, and we both found our stay at the Novotel extremely pleasant.If you're looking for grandeur and ultimate luxury on a city trip to NYC, don't come to the Novotel. However, if you're looking for a wonderful place to come home to and sleep after an exhausting day in New York, this hotel should be on your shortlist. Excellent value for money and a great location.	
Feb 21 2008	Second time back to the hotel and loved it	We travelled in Mid February, i took my Brother for his 16th birthday as it was his 1st time there and my 4th time. I stayed at this Hotel about 18 months ago. The Hotel is very clean and right on Times Sqaure for all that great shopping. The reception is on the 7th floor which is good for safety for children as they cant run off onto the street. The Room is big and very clean. There is a lovely Italian Restarant on times Square called the Olive Garden and Planet Hollywood is lovely as well. If you like designer shopping go to Woodbury Common you have to go to the Port Authority and get the bus from there its an hour on the bus to New Jersey. There is 220 shops there its the best shopping village i have seen. Anyway better go, dont forget to book you trip to The Novotel Time Sqaure on you visit to New York. I am coming back very soon.	
Feb 20 2008 	Excellent Location	Having spent a few months reviewing numerous websites - we finally decided on the Novotel - and what a great choice!!The location of the hotel is fantastic - we were on the 28th floor, with a view right over times square - it was brilliant!The hotel itself was clean, comfortable and definately good value for money - I am a really fussy person when it comes to hotels and cleanliness etc, but this was perfectly fine! The deco could be updated but for the money you are paying, you can't expect the Ritz!!We checked in with ease, and checked out with ease - the staff were extremely helpful, as well as the concierge and the bar staff seemed fine as well (we didn't use them that often!).We organised a limo for the return journey to the airport - which the concierge organised - and it was excellent - would definately recommend this!All in all, a great hotel and we will definately return later in the year - with hopefully the same room and view!!I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel for anyone travelling to New York. It was our first time in New York and it had a great location, based in Times Square with broadway shows at a walking distance. The rooms were excellent, we had a good view of times sqaure and both room and bathroom were really spacious &amp; clean. I would go back again myself.	
Feb 18 2008 	Would definitely return	Just returned from 4 nights at the Novotel and would definitely recommend. Location is excellent with Times Square and fifth avenue minutes away along with numerous Broadway shows. Subway stop on 50th street exceptionally handy for getting to Macys on 34th. Rooms in hotel are a small bit old fashioned but spotlessly clean and very comfortable, no noise at any stage from outside during our stay and great views of Times Square. Staff very friendly and very helpful at all stages. Breakfast in the Cosmic Diner at the end of the street to the left second to none. Would stay here again withouot any hesitation	
Feb 16 2008 	Hotel with great location and great Value	We stayed in the Novotel for four nights at the start of Feb 2008,Having read a lot of mixed reports about the hotel i was intrested to see what we had actually booked.On arrival we went from the street level in the lift to the reception, we were met with very helpful staff who booked us in very quickly.We had a twin double which was 2210 and looked onto broadway, the room was great, clean, tidy to the same standard as hotel rooms in the uk ( of this price range).The hotel was probably decorated in the mid to late 90's. the bath sealant maybe slightly discoloured but nothing for you to think you would want to leave before unpacking your bags.If you want a top class hotel then book into the Marriot etc. The Novotel is a good hotel for the right price.The rooms were cleaned everyday, the windows open slightly for a bit of fresh air.The hotel doesnt have kettles but if you go to the restaraunt they will give you hot water in a nice flask for you to take to your room to make coffee.The taxi from JFK to the hotel was $49 set price including tolls.The hotel conceirge got us us 4x4 blacked out windows, leather seats, limo type car to go to JFK this cost us $55, the extra $6 was completely worth it.The location of the hotel is great, right in the middle of things, Times square visibly to the south and Central park about 5 minutes walk to the north. 5th Avenue was about 5 mins walk away.Rockerfellor centre was around 5 minutes away (top of the rock is a must).The Taxis are not expensive, it costs around $13 form wall street area to times Sq.If you use the tourist hop on hop off buses, get a two day pass for $50 eachwhch gives all the 3 routes, You must haggle with the sales men on the street and you (they are on Broadway in red coats) will get a free extra day, they just sign the top of the ticket for you.The beer costs around $5.00 per pint in most places.If you go to Maces go to the customers services on the 1st floor for your 11% discount card for overseas visitors ( ID required).	
Feb 14 2008 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	Stayed at this hotel Dec 07/Jan 08. When we arrived it was pure chaos at street level but the doormen handled the chaos brilliantly. We found checking in to take some time but seeing as we were there over the holidays found this to be understandable. The staff at the front desk are multi-lingual and are quick to provide any information that you may require. We found this hotel to be in a great location. There are restaurants, shops,museums, bars and just about anything you might be looking for within just minutes of walking. The restaurant served affordable meals that were very tasty. The room was a typical hotel room. Though it was a bit dated in style it was very clean. The cleaning staff did a wonderful job everyday. We found it very quiet at night, actually too quiet even with the window open. The views are amazing from all areas of the hotel whether you are looking down at 52nd St , over looking Broadway or facing Times Square!One thing that wasn't explained to us was the expense of using the phone in the room. We only received calls and each call cost us $1.42, which is fine but we were not told about this charge until we were checking out.All in all, this is a fabulous hotel and we would definitely stay there again!There were gym facilities and internet with printer available to the guests at anytime of day or night.	
Feb 14 2008 	Great location but needs major revamp	Not impressed booked well in advnce. They had sold our room 1st night and we were located in another hotel down the road. No help in locating bearing in mind 2am in morning. Rooms in poor state of repair. Location great very near time square but not good value for money. Diner underneath hotel excellent.	
Feb 10 2008 	Brilliant location	Stayed at this hotel in Jan 08. Although the rooms were a bit basic they are all you require and very spacious. The rooms were cleaned daily and the hotel lobby is lovely. For the price and excellant location you cannot fault this hotel (unless you are a right moaner!). The location is nearby the theatre district/ Times Square which is a great base to explore. We didnt bother with breakfast and found a fab diner round the corner called Cosmic (come out of hotel, turn left, walk up street and its on your right hand side corner). Blueberry pancakes and maple syrup..............yum.If you are thinking of staying here, book it, Mabye the staff arent overly friendly and the rooms needing a retouch but if it wasnt for that i would be giving it 5/5!Morven, Glasgow	
Feb 7 2008 	In the heart of the city	I recently stayed at the Novotel NY for three times through a Priceline booking. I paid a bit more than I usually like since it seemed a higher quality hotel. The location is very tourist-friendly, right off 7th Avenue north of Times Square. The lobby and restaurant/bar area are very chic and modern, but the hotel floors and rooms were dated. My king room was large, with a pull out sofa. Great view of the river and other buildings, especially when the sun was coming up. Mattress was hard and pillows flat. Bathroom looked part-way remodeled, in that there were a couple different decor themes in there. The room-service menu was relatively reasonably priced, although with all the great restaurants on 8th, I never felt the need to try the food. Staff was very accomodating (there was a problem with my priceline booking) and quickly upgraded me to resolve the situation.	
Feb 7 2008	Great for what you pay.	I booked this hotel through expedia and got a good price for 5 nights. Generally I think New York hotels are really pricey and I wanted somewhere clean, comfortable, not expensive and in a great location. This ticked all the boxes. You can pick on little things like saying that the carpet needs changing, but I didn't expect it to be the Ritz. The staff are generally helpful and the double twin room we got was spacious. The room was cleaned everyday and had all the things you'd expect - iron, hairdryer, TV, minibar. There's a small gym and business centre where the internet is free. The bar is nice too. I really haven't got any complaints. The location is really excellent and I found my stay to be very comfortable.	
Feb 4 2008 	Best holiday ever!	This hotel was lovely, rooms were big and very clean. Absolutely brilliant location right on broadway and times square. Hotel staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough for us. Our room was on the 32nd floor so we had brilliant views of times square. 2nd time in NYC and we would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 29 2008 	You can't knock the location!	This hotel has a fantastic location for getting around Manhattan - subway a short stroll, buses and cabs at the door. The staff was great - from the doormen at the street level entrance to the wonderful check in staff. Had an accessible king on the 23rd floor with great view down Broadway. However, that said, the furnishings and bed (especially the linens) had seen their better days. The plumbing fixtures seemed to be the same as I had recently experienced at a Red Roof Inn - but then Accor owns Red Roof, so they probably share many of the same fixtures. Also, it was unusually temperate for January and the room got quite hot. We kept trying to adjust the thermostat, but it never really cooled the room down to a comfortable level - so we opened the windows - which was nice (so many hotels don't have 'working' windows) but then we got the street noise (you are, after all, on Broadway). But it was perfectly fine for the night. On check out, we found out that they are planning to do a major renovation of the property in the near future.	
Jan 29 2008 	Fabulous location - highly recommended	If you are looking for a luxurious hotel with all the frills then this isn't the place for you. However, if like we were, you are looking for a comfortable, welcoming and clean hotel located right in the heart of things then this is absolutely the right place to stay.Having read mixed reviews before going, we had been nervous of what we would find. But on arrival we were greeted with a big smile, helpful information and a speedy and efficient service. The lifts that some people have complained about were not a problem for us at all. There is a lift from the street level up to the lobby and then to get to the rooms you need to walk across the lobby to a different set of lifts. I suppose in the summer when the hotel is packed then you might have to wait for a lift occasionally but this wasn't an issue off-peak season and isn't something we would have even thought about if I hadn't been looking out for it after the reviews. The lobby and bar/restaurant itself is elegant with a magnificent view over Times Square. And the rooms, whilst not plush, and perhaps starting to wear at the corners, were extremely spacious and clean with unfussy decoration. There was also a safe in the room which was nice as most of the hotels we've come across in the US previously did not. The photos on here and on the Novotel website are on the whole a fair representation of what we found during our trip.Contrary to popular advice we also opted for the hotel breakfast and again were glad we did. There are of course thousands of delis and diners out there to try, but at the same time, Novotel offered a good quality buffet breakfast where you could help yourself to as little or much as you wanted (cold and hot food as well as as a good range of drinks) and enjoy the view at your leisure before heading out into the mayhem, fuelled for the day. Staying here you really are right in the heart of it all - on the top edge of Times Square you are never far from home and after a long day walking miles around the sights, to be able to see the Novotel sign shining through the neon haze was both comforting and inspiring!It is also worth mentioning that the hotel is very conveniently located across the block from 7th Avenue subway stop on the E line. (Although this doesn't appear to be mentioned on their website anywhere.) This meant that transfer from JFK airport to the hotel was actually very easy (Air Train to Sutphin Blvd [which is the end of the line] and then straight on to the subway E line, getting off at 7th Avenue.). At a total of $7 per person this was a LOT cheaper than taking a taxi or shuttle bus and possibly quicker at about 45 mins door to door. Don't panic when you find yourself on the Airtrain platform at JFK with no ticket - all tickets are purchased at the other end before they let you out! You can even buy a single tichet there that covers both the air train and subway in one go.Overall, I can't recommend this hotel enough and will certainly stay here again whenever we next return. Service was excellent, location perfect and at a great price - it was everything we had been looking for.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Hotel	Our rooms was very spacious there where two double beds and it had a great view of time square! great location aswell great vaule for money (at that time of year). All the staff where very friendly except the reception team. Gerard in the bar was great crack. i would diffently recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good place to stay in New York	My wife and i stayed here in Jan this year for 4 nights and found it a quite pleasant hotel - as other people have stated it was a bit pricey to drink in there but the location and service were good. The decor was a bit dated but to be honest it was only somewhere to sleep for 4 nights as we spent most of our time out. Generally speaking it was good value for money and a worthwhile place to stay if you want be right in the middle or very close to all the action.	
Jan 23 2008 	Great hotel!	We booked our trip through Dreamticket but we sourced various hotel info from Tripadvisor in order to choose our hotel - The Novotel New York. The reviews were a bit of a mixed bag, but the comments on a whole were fairly good compared to others so we decided to plum for Novotel.To our credit we made a great choice! Our room was on the 32nd floor of 34. From our initial greeting at reception to the checking out we cannot fault the hotel. Granted we ventured out for all out meals and drinks but the facilities were spot on. Due to packing so much into the days we never got past 10.30 before our comfy bed was beneath us. Our room over looked Times Square, it was comfortable and clean with a seating area to relax in. The bathroom was extremely adequate for those quick showers or a relaxing bath.Thank you for making our trip a most enjoyable one. Hopefully we will be back for a further visit sometime!Jane &amp; Chris Ilkeston Derbyshire	
Jan 22 2008 	Shabby decor thin walls lumpy beds old bathrooms	The Novotel has a pretty lobby, but the attraction ends there. The rooms have dated and well-worn decor, thin walls (you can hear your neighbors clear their throats), uncomfortable lumpy beds, and shabby old bathrooms. Broken machines in the fitness center, dirty bathrooms after the maid had cleaned, etc. However, the location is terrific - right in the middle of everything - so if you don't care about the other stuff, this might be an OK place to stay (except that the price is high!). The staff responds to requests with professionalism - and they do so quickly.	
Jan 21 2008	good hotel great location	This hotel is located right on Time square. The room was spacious and well maintained. Service was good. A bit pricey but worth it.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	We arrived at the Novotel on 11th January at 5 o'clock.The concierge told us to go straight up in the lift to the reception on the 7th floor. The reception staff were extreamly helpful and very friendly and we were soon checked in to our room on the 31st floor. The room was clean and tidy and had plenty of room, but best of all it had fantastic views of Broadway and the surrounding area's.We quickly unpacked and went to sample the delights of the bar. We were not disappointed. The barman was lovely, really friendly and served us up drinks that definatley hit the spot after the flight.Our friends ate in the hotel restaurant and said the food was great.The concierge was fantastic, he was a wealth of knowledge on everything, and on his advice we were soon directed to a lovely little italian restaurant. This hotel is so central that we were able to do all the sights from there. Dont be afraid to use the subway, my friend and I found all the staff really helpful even when we didnt have a clue where we were going, and we were soon using it like a &quot;native New Yorker&quot;.I'd love to go back to New York again and If I did I would definatley stay there again.	
Jan 19 2008 	Fantastic location for tourists	it was a debate whether we went for somewhere a bit more glam than this hotel, but we opted for this and were so pleased we did! we were only ever in the hotel to sleep, well and to shower/get ready for night out so did not need any of the added extras other hotel may offer.The hotel was such excellent value for money and a superb location - right in the heart of things. we were pleased we didnt pay (over the odds) for breakfast in the hotel, but rather we sampled somewhere different each day for a real taste of NYC.Tips - go to Hells Kitchen (turn left out of hotel rather than noto broadway and just keep walking a few block, not far honest!!) as there are some superb restauranst rather than the over priced chain restaurants on and around broadway area. do &quot;top of rock&quot; observation deck as you see the Empire state in it and do Empire state too, but at night. if you're into movies, a movies tour is good, if not a touch long. open top buses worth a ride, but WRAP UP WARM!!! also, you can hop on/off for 48hours with these, but i would recommend a 5 (or was it 7?) day subway card as its really good value if you are going to do all the touristy things, but don't want to pay over the odds all the time on a cab (and they get stuck in traffic all the time!!). Finally, if you're all spent up from shopping, consider getting the subway then airtrain back to JFK as its $7 each ($2 for one way subway journey, $5 for air train) as opposed to taxi at $45, then there your expected tip on top of that....!!!	
Jan 19 2008 	Novotel Times Square Great hotel Great Location	I stayed there while on business. It is not only a good hotel but the location is ideal. Very close to the subway station, it's very convenient to get to JFK by the E train + Airtrain through Jamaica station. My room was overlooking times square. It was clean and pleasant. Just the staff was lacking enthusiasm. BTW, I could not manage to get normal TV, only pay-for TV. That was a disappointment, glad I was in NYC, you certainly can find better ways to be entertained.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Location Views of Times Square Fantastic!	I spent 5 nights at the Novotel Times Square Hotel with my mum in late December. We found that it lived up to what we had read about it. The reception area is very spacious and very modern with the staff extremely helpful. We were lucky enough to have a room on the 11th floor which (if you craned your neck slightly) had views of Times Square. The cleanliness of the rooms was excellent as were the maids who arrived everyday to tidy the room and make the beds etc. The only thing that was a rip off was the restaurant and bar, but as in the UK if your going to buy drinks from the bar they are going to be overpriced as is food. So after spending a fortune in both on our first night we didn't repeat the experience. The views from the restaurant area amazing, looking out to Times Square its a great vantage point, worth going into the hotel for that alone.We found a few good places to eat, one in particular if you like all things Irish is a pub called 'Oldcastle'. It serves great breakfasts and also has a great atmosphere. Its located just a couple of blocks north of the Sheraton Hotel (which can be seen from the Novotel).Another thing apart from shopping and eating and seeing a show is to get the Staten Island Ferry. Its a free ferry service (commuter ferry) which allows you to take some fabulous pictures of the New York city skyline and a chance to take some photos of the Statue of Liberty for free. Battery park is a really nice area of the city too, which is where you hop on the ferry. A very relaxed park thats good to chill for a bit.Hope this can help someone, all in all I couldn't fault the Novotel, it was my 6th visit to New York and apart from the Roosevelt Hotel was my favourite.	
Jan 13 2008 	Novotel is the heart of new york	We arrived at Novotel on jan 3rd 2008. When u first go through the door we were in a tiny reception area where we thought oh no. we were then told to take the lift to the next floor. When the doors opened we were in a beautiful reception area. Staff were really welcoming which was nice as being in new york before the hotel staff werent friendly at all. The rooms were a great size with king size beds and also we were lucky enough to have a city view of times square. they were cleaned every day with fresh towels also. Bathroom was small but again nice and clean. The rooms had tv minibar iron and ironing board and an in room safe. It is a great location for shopping, eating out, etc. But if you prefer to eat in hotel there cafe nicole resturant and bar which has floor to ceilling windows looking onto times square a nice way to relax and watch the world go by. All in all to sum up novotel fabulous, fantastic and def the hotel to stay at.	
Jan 7 2008 	Novotel is a great stay	This hotel was wonderful for location. We were just a few blocks down from Times Square. The hotel upgraded us to a room with a view of Times Square as it was my birthday. Like the other reviews say, the lifts are a little slow but it's nothing really. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as there was a diner across the road called Stardust. The waiters/ waitresses sing whilst you're having your breakfast. Definitely one to go to, especially as it's much cheaper than the hotel. The rooms are standard, nothing to shout about but they were clean and that's the main thing.The only thing we didn't like is when we were leaving the hotel we had asked for a taxi, there was a stretch limo waiting outside whilst we waited for the taxi, the doorman was trying to get us to take the limo saying that it was cheaper than a taxi. We stuck to the taxi and it turned out the taxi was cheaper than the limo.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great location but staff were terrible	I booked this hotel for myself, my partner and his parents because of the location. We were going to book a hotel just around the corner butafter reading reviews and seeing the beautiful pictures online we wentfor this. Pretty much from the moment I stepped into my room I regretted it.If you are expecting anything other then a place to rest then do not book here. The hotel lobby was impressive, especially the massive windows looking out onto Times Square but that was the only highlight for me. The staff of the entire hotel left a lot to be desired. The concierge was incredibly unhelpful, when we asked about simple transport solutions he simply said &quot;take the subway&quot;. The bar staff were also rude. One waiter took offence because we requested food in the bar area and simply walked away from us. And no one in the hotel seemed tohave any sense of urgency, we were constantly left waiting around while they took their time at doing the simplest of tasks.The rooms themselves were basic but terribly dated. We were on the 27th floor and had a nice view of Times Square but apart from that I was left underwhelmed. For the same price the other hotel we could have had was a stunning boutique hotel. As I said above, if you want to just rest your head you can probably find a better deal elsewhere, if you want a nice room its not here. Ifyou're after an amazing view, this is it but trust me it's not worth the hassle!	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Location Great Room Friendly Staff.	Stayed at Novotel with my wife and 2 children for 9 days in July. Our stay was great, from the bellhop to the front desk to the cleaning staff and everything in between. The room was spacious and functional, the view of Broadway was great, the staff was friendly, the exercise room, although small, was quite adequate (the free fresh fruit was a nice touch). The location couldn't be better, and Gallagher's Steak House a couple of doors down was excellent.We would DEFINITELY stay here again, and highly recommend it.	
Dec 28 2007 	Location location location	We had a room on a lower floor, but still had a good view of Times Square and I believe most rooms give you a good view of the bright lights. The bed was very comfortable, the room was very large for NY standards and the bathroom was clean. Despite its busy location, our room was very quiet.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, which I understand is quite expensive, but the front desk, room service and housekeeping staff gave fantastic service. I have seen other reviews complaining about the price, but in peak season we paid a very reasonable USD 299 per night, which I think was more than reasonable when compared to other less comfortable hotels.I loved the Novotel and will definitely come back again. I highly recommend it for its ambience, but most of all for its location right in the middle of New York in all its glory.	
Dec 27 2007 	great view of times square	Novotel in the heart of times square offers room with a view for a price that is tough to beat for anybody that is in for a weekend getaway. The service was great. Font desk, bell boy and maids responded well to all requests. The breakfast is ok and priced for an above avg budget. i would recommend to walk down 2 blocks to the broadway diner for some song and dance for a square meal. The bed and bathroom are great and the room size is more than enough. wooden board floors in the bathroom give you the feeling of a suana and the water pressure was excellent. I paid about $420 per night during the NYC marathon weekend.	
Dec 18 2007	Great Hotel Fantastic Location.	We stayed in the Novotel New York for 2 nights in August and had a fantastic trip.With so much to see and do in New York the hotel will be less used than on most holidays yet we still had time to admire the Novotel.The Minor irritations of going through 2 sets of lifts to get up to your room are more than made up for by a fantastic location and if your lucky a superb room view of the bright lights of Manhatten.The rooms itself was large (by New York standards) and clean with everything you would need for your stay and i could really not fault anything about it. The hotel concierge desk was always manned if we needed advice and although we didn't eat at the hotel (lets face it in New York there is so much else to try) the menu looked good and the bar again had a spectacular view.The central location of the hotel meant that the best sites and nightlife were easily accessible along with the subway when our feet started to get tired.I would stay at the Novotel again in a flash and although slightly more expensive than some of the other hotels its central location suberb views and safe and relaxed atmosphere prove to be well worth the money.	
Dec 8 2007	A great stay	I had great time, went with my parents, we had a wonderful room over time square , the location was great. We went for breakfast every day, the overall breakfast was good, but can be very busy. we had dinner at list three night in a row in the dining room, the food was very good, i love the shrimp bisque. The evening waiter was very nice. The Front Office was welcoming.Will come back for sure.	
Dec 6 2007	great hotel pity about the staff	Second time in New York at Christmas.. Last year we stayed in the Park Central (great hotel) The Novotel was closer to th center of town so we tried it. The hotel itself is good with some great views of Time Square. On the down side ... The staff were terrible. The bar staff were the pits! they took ages to serve and it all seemed like an effort. The guy doing table service in the bar was the worst! the bar, lobby and cafe all merge into one.. we sat at a table reading the menu we picked up from the table .. we waited 20 mins then I went to the bar to be told to return to the table and wait for the waiter, When he came he said we were reading the wrong menu and he only delt with bar food. he was so rude..on the whole the staff act like the couldnt give a crap and everything is an inconvienence. The people on the streets were more helpfull!!	
Dec 4 2007 	Good value honest hotel right on Times Square	Went on a family 4 night stay in New York over hallowe'en 07, the first time I've been back there in 30 years - what's happened to all the rubbish, grime and rude people in the meanwhile? It's cleaner, friendlier and felt a lot safer than most cities in the UK. The people were brilliant; proud of their city and keen to help a stranger. We had a ball - even our teenage boys (normally not that easy to please) were swept away with the place.The Novotel is, I guess, a bit tired and needs a revamp sometime soon, and yes, that lift that you need to use to get to reception from the main street, is a bit slow and irritating. But if you really need to look at that level of detail then I think you're missing the point of being in NYC. Look past these details and you see a servicable hotel, reasonably priced (for New York!) that is clean, friendly and perfectly situated. As others have said, you haven't come to NYC to mope around the hotel.The reception staff were really helpful and very polite;Ian at reception was a gem and worthy of special mention, as is Yves the concierge. We ate breakfast in the hotel because the boys ate free, otherwise we'd have gone to one of the many delis in the area for a lot less. The view is good over breakfast but we did feel a little herded.We we go back to the Novotel - certainly, if the price was right. However, we wouldn't feel the urge to stay at Times Square next time; anywhere near to the subway is near to almost anywhere in Manhattan, and we'll want to chill a little next time having already done the 'must-sees'	
Dec 2 2007 	well worth it	After reading reviues before about New York hotels being small i was very pleased with the size of our room. King size bed plus two seat sofa , coffee table and still room, and the view over Time Square well what can i say just breath taking would go back and recomend to anyone.The one thing i did miss though was no tea/ coffee making facility in the room. But you will have to hurry it is closing for renovation in February although i do not no why we saw not problems in our stay.	
Dec 2 2007	Very central	My friend and I went to NY for some Christmas shopping in November and stayed in Novotel. It is a fantastic location because it is very close to the shopping area and the shows on Broadway. The subway station is also just close by. The hotel was also great. The lobby is on the 7th floor but this is not a problem. Our room was on the 14th floor and by far the quietest I have ever stayed in. Ok, the carpet wasn't put down in the last few years and the furniture in the room is a little dated but the room was spotless and the towels were changed every day. The staff in reception were really friendly, especially Ian. The bar and restaurant were relaxing with lovely views. I would have no problem in recommending this hotel and plan to stay there again on my next visit to NY	
Nov 30 2007 	No frills; convenient location	I stayed one night at the Novotel for business. The location is great for first-timers in NYC, as it is in the Times Square area (Broadway and 52nd) and just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, Stage Deli and Ray's Pizza. The 24-hour business center with free computer/internet access was nice, and the lobby and bar area were sleek. However, the first room I was given was dirty and needed to be cleaned --- the bed was made, but there were hangars and an empty plastic bag on the bed; an empty bread basket from room service; and the bathroom had not been cleaned. The second room was okay, but definitely a no frills room --- had more of a motel feel than a $300+ per night hotel room. The bed and pillows were not comfortable and the walls were very thin. It was okay for a one-night stay, but not for a longer length of time.	
Nov 28 2007 	Not so Great	The Novotel is in a great location and has a nice lobby. I stayed in a double room and it was not so great. Everything was outdated. There were stains on the carpet - the bedspreads were ugly and kind of gross. The heat did not really work. I was travelling for business and had to pay $9.99 to use the wireless internet. I would not recomment this hotel or stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Fantastic	Hi ,came home from new york yesterday stayed in the Novotel Hotel in Times Square. I was a bit concerned regarding staying at the novotel due to the wide difference of reviews. Its simple. The Location is fantastic, the hotel is of very good standards, the view from our room was of Times square absolutely fantastic, Room 2301. We did not eat at the restaurant, but did eat at applebe's (very good). The reception staff where very helpfull and very polite. In the other reviews it mentioned about the lift on the main street that you need to us to get to reception, yes its abit slow but not important.We had a very good enjoyable time and would definately stay at the novotel again.One thing that I would recommend is that you plan a New York greater before you leave for New York (opt for greater choice). A greater is someone that take's you around the sights of NYC for free of charge. the only thing that you have to pay is their lunch. My husband was very weary about this at first. But we met up with Ellen on Saturday and had a fun filled time.	
Nov 27 2007 	Wonderful location clean accomodations..... good overall	We just returned home from our stay at Novotel. We found it to be a really nice hotel. As others stated... the lobby is on the 7th floor but it didn't bother us at all., We stayed on the 18th floor overlooking Times Square. Loved the view!! The accomodations were adequate. The room was clean... bathroom clean and overall we really enjoyed our stay. We ate at the resturant a few times... food was okay.... this is not fine dining but again.... adequate. Again... the view from both the room and the resturant were wonderful. This hotel is not as commercialized as some others in the city. We enjoyed it for this reason. It wasn't overly crowded. The staff were wonderful. The conceirge was so accomodating. I had many questions about resturants, beauty saloons etc.... he couldn't have been more helpful. The bed... felt fine however by the 3rd night.... my neck was not feeling so great. We would stay here again. There is nothing bad to say about this hotel. This is not your 5***** hotel but if you are looking for a good, clean, convenient place to stay.... this is it. Price wise,.... we paid about $360 a night.... this is manhattan... you can't expect to stay for less.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Location	The Novotel is located by the David Letterman show, near subways, rooms overlook Times Square (you must pay more for this) and across the street from Ellens Stardust Diner. A room with 2 double beds was plenty of room for the 4 of us. It is a 3 star rating, which is accurate. My only complaint was the mattresses were old. (I have been assured by the staff they have been replaced, I have a trip booked for Dec. 07) We did not eat in the restaurant there. All Broadway shows are a very short walk. The rooms were dated. Who cares though, for the money the hotel is more than adequate. Location and safety are the most important to me.	
Nov 22 2007	Unbelievable incompetence	The location for this hotel was great, the king size bed was fine and the view was pretty nice, across from a building but still overlooking Times Square. Staff were very nice and everything was overall okay...BUT...The concierges at the desk were totally incompetent when it came to charging me for my stay. Really long story short, they made so many errors when processing my payments, they ended up charging my entire stay to the wrong charge card - I gave them my debit card to hold the room but used a credit card to pay. They ended up charging my entire stay to my DEBIT card and left my credit card empty - even though there was no confusion at the desk and they TOOK my credit card and SAID they charged the room to it. This resulted in my checking account being totally wiped clean and putting me in the red - the rest of my vacation I was declined everywhere I tried to use my card because of this stupid error. I was humiliated when I actually had the money. There was no mistake, this was not an error on my part, this was completely due to whatever mistakes were made by the people at the reservations desks. They were nice but, this has been completely unacceptable. I am working on rectifying this now but the damage has been done and my credit has been soured for no reason.Also the clocks in the room hadn't been changed since daylight savings time, so I ended up being woken at the wrong time. Good thing I had no plans, because I would have been screwed should I have relied on the wrong time on the clock. This was overall a nice hotel and a decent price for the location, etc, security is very good here and it is overall a bit nicer than most places. Half the lights in the room didn't work and the heat was blasting uncontrollably as no one was able to figure out how to turn it off....but if you stay, just make sure you use one card only to reserve and pay and make sure there is NO CONFUSION as to what is happening with your payments, or else you'll get screwed like I did. Cheers	
Nov 19 2007 	Great hotel would definately go back	I think this is a great hotel. The location is perfect - right on Times Square. We stayed in room 2004 (20th floor) with fantastic views of Time's Square. It was very roomy and clean, i've stayed at the Wolcott before and that was tiny and scruffy so I expected the same but our room at the novotel had a massive comfy bed, sofa and coffee table, big desk and decent sized bathroom. Reception staff were very friendly and helpful as were the concierge who were able to answer all our questions quickly and efficiently. The bar is open until 12am which was very handy after a early night out. We didnt eat in any of the restaurants at the hotel so cant comment but the menu looked good - we just didnt get chance! I'd definately go back without any hesitation.	
Nov 19 2007	Superb Location	The Novotel is superbly located in the middle of Times Square. We were rather worried when we first arrived as the reviews that we had read had been mixed. Upon arrival about 2.30 PM our rooms were not ready, so thay gave us a complimentary cocktail to keep us going, which was very welcomed. We were then given our room keys. There is no Porter service, which is fine as there are four lifts. Our room was on floor 24. The room was very clean with a huge double bed and loads of wardrobe space and a nice bathroom. The only two criticisims I would have is that there are no coffee/tea making facilities and the rooms were very hot despite turning the air con on to cold!Drinks were expensive as you would expect in a Hotel.We did not eat at the Hotel as there are hundreds of places to eat. Try Carnegie Deli which is fab.Times Square is fantastic and has to be seen to be believed.Eating and drinking around there is very expensive even with the good USD/GBP exchange rate. However, if you can get out of the immediate area then you can eat cheaper.I would recommend using Gray Lines and going on a two or three day bus tour. The guides are very informative and you can hop on and off as you wish. There are three different loops which enables you to see all the major sites.We would recommend the Empire State, Grand Central Station, Helicopter Ride, Gray Lines Hop on Bus Tour, Greenwick Village and of course Central Park and for your last night have a drink at the rotating bar at the Mariotte Hotel (make sure you go before 9 PM unless you want to pay an additional USD 7 charge per person...... expensive but wirth every dollar!).We also went to a basketball game which being from the UK was good fun for us.We walked to most places as it is not as far as you think.	
Nov 18 2007 	just perfect..	Stayed here for three nights with wife and 4 yr old daughter. At reception smooth and pleasant check in, daughter handed a welcome pack, nite light cuddly toy etc, same at check out.Room on 21st floor, brilliant view of Times Sqre &amp; Broadway, everything on your doorstep, theatres, deli's, chemist 24rs and subway. Room goodsize same bath &amp;shower. We have stayed in Hilton Times sqre, The Plaza and The Waldorf. Novotel can rank alongside these excellent hotels. Staff excellent. Would stay here again, no problem.Charlie, Dundee, Scotland.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great location Great stay	The first thing we noticed was probably the only real downfall to the whole place. The lobby is on the 7th floor. There are two slower elevators that go to the lobby. At busy times that was a little bit of a pain. The location was walking distance to Rockefeller Square, the theatre district (right by Wicked, Mama Mia, Jersey Boys, Color Purple and the Ed Sullivan theatre) and Times Square. Perfect location for the first time New Yorker!The next thing we noticed is that this is a French hotel. Lots of French speaking people. I took French in high school, so I was a little excited! The room was the perfect size. We had a one king bed. Bathroom was great. We had a slight problem with a fixture, but I don't think it would be widespread problem. We reported it and I bet they fixed it. Our room was on the Times Square side, 31st floor. It was AWESOME!!	
Nov 13 2007 	loved novotel	Stayed here last christmas and had an amasing time in NY! I was also their in the summer and chose to stay at the westin times sq but i would have to say the novotel won by far. Had an amasing view of times square and the staff were excellent. Room was pretty huge to which was a bonus , would recommend to any1 infact im going to stay their again this xmas!!	
Nov 13 2007 	NY NY... Amazing Stay in the Novotel	We stayed at the Novotel a week during Christmas 2005, in NY.This was an excellent choice we made. Ok, the room was quite expensive but so worth it ! Excellent location, right in front of Times Square, subway near the hotel (just a few blocks),plenty of restaurants near the hotel...The rooms were nice and spacious, very comfy. It was a very nice souvenir for us. Would definitely stay there again to visit NY !	
Nov 12 2007	Nice though not perfect	As other reviewers have pointed out, the location of this Novotel is a big plus, and it certainly came in handy for me, for the one night I was there in early November. Check-in was fast and easy. The room was fine -- not bad, but nothing fancy either, though it did have a nice westward view of the Hudson. I'm tall (about 6'4&quot;) and I found the sink, as well as the shower head, to be low even by the standards of what I'm used to. It's only a slight exaggeration to say that the sink almost seemed to be designed with a midget in mind. Upon checking in, I couldn't get the heat to work properly (it was blowing cool air), and I called for maintenance. I was impressed that someone was at my door in less than five minutes. He sort of fixed it, but it still wasn't working quite right. It wasn't so bad that I felt the need to change rooms, but it was still less than ideal. The water pressure in the shower was also rather weak. I was comped a free buffet breakfast upon checking in and it was very nice (except for the very soggy waffles). The view of Times Square from the dining room was pretty nifty, even at 7 a.m. I was going to give Novotel three starts, but after completing an online survey mentioning some of my complaints, I received a note specifically acknowledging them, suggesting the hotel is more committed to customer service than is usual. Would I stay again? Probably.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Location for first visit to NY	Recently returned from our first visit to New York. Booked this hotel for location based on the reviews here on Trip Adviser &amp; we were not let down.The hotel was clean &amp; efficient; we received a free upgrade from a basic room to a 32nd floor Times Square view room (we had previously informed the hotel we were celebrating our 20th Anniversary). The room was a little basic but very quiet &amp; clean, what made it was the excellent views from the windows (see photo's). Had a couple of nice drinks in the cosy bar, the restaurant looked nice but took our meals out in the city.The biggest plus (as all other review comment) is the fantastic location, right on Broadway/Times Square &amp; easy walking distance to Central Park (15 mins), Rockefeller Centre (10 mins) &amp; The Empire State Building/Macy's/Madison Square Garden (25 mins).If you are up for a bit of cycling, we would highly recommend it. Around $40 for the day the city is all yours . . . with extremely safe cycling (cycle paths) around much of the island, including Central Park &amp; across the Brooklyn Bridge.We intend a another visit, hopefully next year . . . can't wait!	
Nov 7 2007 	Filthy Rooms	There are so many hotels in NYC, there is no reason to stay here. Thankfully, we were only there one night. The carpet was so filthy I didn't shower, because I didn't want to step on the floor.It's too bad, because it's a great location if you're there to see a show. Also, the thermastat in my room didn't work so their solution was to bring extra blankets. The people were nice, but the room was sooo dirty. The furniture was dirty. The carpet was sticky and grimey. All this for the mere price of $350/night.Disgusting. I'll never stay there again.	
Nov 7 2007 	Save Your Money and Stay Somewhere Else	Please note Hotwire has already agreed to review this hotel and may stop sending its travelers to this hotel. Lack of service at the Novotel is an understatement! Lack of comfort is also an understatement! It had a great location and great views of Times Square... but there are lots of hotels in the same area.I checked in and was put in a room that smelled like an entire bottle of cologne was spilled and was 82 degrees. When I called the front desk they said if I wanted to move rooms they only had smoking rooms left available... oh and by the way, when I checked into this room, housekeeping was in the room cleaning something? Still have no idea what that was about. When I called to ask if the air conditioning was working in the room, they said that because it is winter outside the heat is now on in the hotel and to open the window. It is November... it wasn't 10 degrees outside? And how much of a breeze is really going to come in your room when you are surrounded by buildings? I went to another hotel the second night. Hotwire was very apologetic and refunded my money. They had admitted to already refunding another Hotwire traveler for the same night I was at the Novotel.Please save yourself a huge headache and stay somewhere else!!	
Oct 30 2007 	No one at the front desk to answer the phone for hours!	My aunt stays at this hotel about once a year while on a business trip in New York. This time I will beg her not to EVER stay there again. Reaching her room by phone has proven impossible! It is past 9 pm now, and I've been calling their only available number (212)315-0100 since 4:30pm. There has been no answer! Not even an answering machine -- nothing! I e-mailed the hotel, but no one replied. I found the name and e-mail address of the hotel manager (Marc Sternagel) online, but my e-mail to him bounced right back to me. If they have such a horrid front desk service (or, perhaps, they are not able to pay their phone bill and their service was cut off?) -- they should not be in business at all, as far as I am concerned.	
Oct 28 2007 	great view from balcony. great location	This Hotel is in a great location, right by Times Square and Broadway. Excellent views from the balcony, which is by the bar. Drinks prices were very reasonable for a hotel, in fact cheaper than the restuarants. Room was clean &amp; well maintained. Staff were very friendly helpful and knowledgable. Excellent service. Great stay. Would stay there again. Didn't eat at the hotel, so cannot comment on food.	
Oct 25 2007 	Fiasco	Well, although it has a great view and it is near most of major theatres of NY, everything else is terrible! I am not saying that because I paid in advance and they did not have rooms available when I arrived nor because the toiled flooded (as unlikely as it seems) during the first night. I am saying that because of the really terrible service they have (except for a few nice people such as Ian). By the way, I just recalled a german couple who checked in and found out other people in &quot;their&quot; room when they open the door...So, although I believe this hotel used to be a nice place, today it is just a piece of crap and I really recommend that you take a look on other hotels around to avoid such unnecessary annoyances.	
Oct 21 2007 	watch what they charge you	Stayed here twice as great location.The rooms are now in real need of refurbishment.However watch out if they swipe your credit card as I was charged for my room again even though had already paid for it. This happend to a friend as well. Hotel didn't repsond to any emails querying this and had to pursue via credit card company	
Oct 20 2007 	great location bigger than average rooms	Stayed here for five nights recently. Was very impressed, with both the excellent location and the generously proportioned rooms. When booking our accomodation I paid particular attention to room dimensions for all the hotels we looked at, due to the reputation that New York has for tiny rooms. The Novotel clearly had much bigger rooms than some of the fancier (and pricier) hotels. Our room had two double beds, and still plenty of room for suitcases and a chair or two. The bathroom was adequate, but a bit in need of modernising. The rest of the room looked fine to me, and the maids seemed to keep it clean each day. We had a great view from our room of Times Square also, which we hadn't asked for in particular. My only grumble would be the less than helpful staff (apart from the cleaners who seemed friendlier than the rest of the staff), who didn't seem too friendly or helpful when checking in/ out. We never had any cause to use them otherwise though, as we had no problems. Maybe they are just trying to get you used to the general rudeness of people in New York ;)	
Oct 19 2007 	Great Hotel	First the location... hard to beat West 52nd St, just off Broadway, especially for a New York first timer.Next, the room. We had a 'Time's Square View'... room was a good size (not too small, not huge). The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom clean and functional. Daily maid service (very friendly and helpfull when we met them).Reception staff? Just about perfect! They were attentive without being patronizing. If queues developed at reception more of them appeared from a little room behind the desks - never had to wait more than a minute.Bar/Restaurant? Breakfast Buffet was fine (free for Kids) Bar Prices reasonable. Didn't do dinner in the hotel so can't comment.Free internet access to guests, free gym (small).Would I go back? YES!Any bad points? The decor in the rooms and corridors could do with being refreshed - but it is NOT dirty, just tired.	
Oct 18 2007	Very disappointed	We stayed here for a week in 2004 and were very pleased. It was great back then, so we were really disappointed to see how much it had changed when were back recently. The lobby is pretty much the same but that is it. From the moment you get off the floor to go to your room you realize this hotel has not been maintained at all. The hallway was not air conditioned and it looks like a cheap motel. The room was dirty (they are not inspecting what the maids are doing) and things like water stains on the ceiling tiles and rust stains on the bottom of the bathroom doors basically evidences that this is like a cheap tourist hotel now. Great location but there are nicer hotels in the same location for the same price. Breakfast is still a nice time, but the quality of the food took a nose dive. It is still OK for the price though, just not great like it used to be or as great as you will find at other Novotels. They won't respond to problems other than to blow smoke up your arse. I was told by the front desk that they are renovating in February (so that is why it is such a dump now?). Maybe it will improve after that. I usually try and stay at a Novotel when I can but I will never stay here again. Oh, the porter used to stand on the street and handle everything with your bags when your car arrived. Now he hangs out inside talking to his buddies so you have to specifically go inside to ask him to help you with your bags. Things like this don't need to happen but is an example of the lack of hotel management that exists.	
Oct 9 2007 	Would consider going back	This was my second trip to NYC, the first being in 2006. We stayed at the Sheraton Towers at that time as they were running an offer of 4 nights for the price of 3. This offer was not running at the time we booked this trip so we had a look round and decided to give the Novotel a try as it was pretty reasonable and of an acceptable standard.The rooms are clean and basic but in need of redecorating. This did not bother us too much as we simply used the room for somewhere to wash and sleep!! The beds were comfortable and the maids did a great job each day. You could opt to have clean towels everyday if you wished. Its in a great location, just of Time Square so is within walking distance of plenty of attractions (and most importantly Macy's!).My only complaint about this hotel (and this is being REALLY picky) is that you have to take an elevator up from street level to the lobby which is on the seventh floor, then you have to walk across the lobby and get in another elevator to your room. The elevator from the street to the lobby is extremely slow and at one point I thought I had got stuck! We found having to catch this extra elevator a little inconvenient after hours of shopping and sightseeing when all you want to do is go to your room!In summary, its a great hotel for the price but if it came down to this and the Sheraton running their offer I would pick the Sheraton.	
Oct 8 2007	Great hotel in NY for the price	I've stayed at Novotel twice and both times it was great. I'm not into spending major bucks on a room in NYC because I'm just simply not in the room except to sleep. It's in a great location - easy walk to anywhere in Manhattan. Highly recommended for the price. At the time I booked this one the price was as low as the Milford Plaza which is not even close to the quality of Novotel. I have stayed there too and this is way better for the same price.	
Sep 18 2007 	Fantastic Honeymoon with Daughter	We arrived at the Novotel New York for the 1st leg of our Honeymoon complete with 7 year old Daughter. The hotel entrance is down on street level but there are staff awating your arrival who take your bags and deliver them to your room. A lift takes you up to reception to check in which was very quick and efficient. We took the lift up to our room which was superb. Light and bright with 2 massive beds and plenty of room to swing a few cats. The view was amazing looking right down times square fantastic both in the day and at night. We stayed here 3 nights and would highly recommend this hotel for the location the standard and the price. We never ate in the hotel as the deli just around the corner was fantastic and we even got sandwiches made up there for our long train journey to Niagara Falls. The staff were very helpful and I would stay here on our next visit. Thanks also for the champers on our first night.	
Sep 6 2007 	Perfectly met our need	Decided to takes the kids to see Manhattan for a few days on the way down to Orlando and was looking for somewhere central and reasonably priced. The Novotel was just what we were looking for and at a room rate of $125 per night represented great value. I normally stay at Sheratons when I travel internationally and the Novotel could never be described as luxurious but neither is it aiming to be: I would grade it as a 3 star + and on this basis I give it an above average rating.Unusually the lobby is on the ground floor and you then take a lift to the 9th floor for reception. The reception area is open plan with the bar and restaurant and looks as if it has been done fairly recently; it works well visually although we did not eat at the restaurant so can't comment on the service or food. The rooms are not so modern and could do with a coat of fresh paint on the woodwork but more importantly they were clean and quiet.The reception staff were welcoming and friendly without being over the top and happily waived the extra charge for a couple of drinks from the mini bar which had not shown up on their system. Interestingly they put a security guard at the lifts in the evening. Certainly didn't seem to be needed but nice to know they were there. The hotel appears to be the preferred partner for Air France flight crews.If you are looking for somewhere in this price range and close to Times Square you should consider the Novotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	Time to Refurbish!!	We have stayed at the Novotel NY many times over the last 8-10 years. Pricing and service remain very good. Location is very convenient and the Restaurant Nicole has a nice view of Times Square. Lobby area is lovely, but you do have to take elevators to get to/from street level. Rooms also have nice views, especially on upper floors. Fun, international crowd makes you feel like you've gone far away. Child Friendly, the rooms all have single sofa beds. Be warned you MUST request a non-smoking floor room many times to get one--otherwise you'll be given a smoking room, and these do smell smoky. We checked in early enough that we got a non-smoking room this time.Now for the BIG BUT: this hotel needs to refurbish all the rooms. What were once clean and modern are now dirty and old. The carpeting in both halls and rooms was filthy and stained, under the desk and nighttables it was also dusty--like they don't vacuum except in the middle of the room. The mattress was low, old, creaky and uncomfortable. The sheets were clean but the blanket and bedspread were old and dirty. The curtains are dirty. The artwork was starting to fall down inside its frame. The furniture was dirty, scratched, chipped and looked like it's been in a Motel 6 instead of this 3 star hotel. The towels are threadbare and small. The bathroom itself was kept clean, but our sink was cracked in several places, again just looking old. Our A/C unit worked--but only in extreme modes--either too cold or too hot and was noisy. The wallpaper was stained, ripped in a few corners and the ceiling tiles were also stained, discolored and dirty. My husband kept making &quot;CSI&quot; jokes and asking for the blacklight!Bottom line: we paid $289/night plus taxes, not bad for midtown Manhattan, but not good considering the condition of the rooms. We will not ever stay there again UNLESS and until they re-do all the rooms, it was too gross. My advice to hotel management is this, for all guest rooms:1. Replace all ceiling tiles and wallpaper2. Replace all furniture including beds/mattresses3. Repair bathroom fixtures as necessary4. Go to more modern style bedding that is changed/washed between guests5. Thoroughly clean or replace all carpeting6. Train housekeeping staff to move things and vacuum thoroughly between guests at the least7. Invest in some new towels8. LATHER, RINSE, REPEAT9. Maintain, maintain, maintain.	
Aug 26 2007	The best location	We stayed here for 3 nights(husband, grown up daughter and myself) and the hotel was brilliant, both for location on Times Square, and for the staff at all times. When we arrived our room was not ready but we were given a complimentary drink while we waited-no problem for 30mins. The room was lovely with plenty of space, the only thing missing was tea and coffee making facilities. When we asked about this we were told they didn't have that facility available-never thought to check that before booking although everything else was so good that it wouldn't stop us from returning again.Excellent value for money in New York	
Aug 19 2007 	Fantastic location!	Looking for a reasonably priced hotel in Manatan isn't easy! (what an understatement!)We wanted a place to stay which was convenient for the main sights of New York as well as being close to a subway station. The Novotel exceeded our expectations on both counts. The hotel is more or less in Times Square and within easy walking distance from Central Park, the Theatre District and the Empire State Building. And it's right next to 50th Street Subway Station for easy access to JFK airport.The room was fine - clean and a good size - while the view from the window was fantastic. Price-wise, it cost us about £95 a night, which isn't cheap, but considering the location, we felt it was a bargain!On the bottom floor of the same building is the &quot;Art Diner&quot; which is great value for breakfast. In fact, we didn't bother having a single meal at the Novotel (so I can't comment on the food!) since the hotel is so well situated - within a short distance of a load of good eateries.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great location!!	We stayed at the Novotel the last week in July (wife and 2 kids), the hotel is located very close to Times Square only a few minutes walk away. Loads of theatres and eating places within a few blocks walk, We bought tickets for the open top bus tour which ran past the hotel, well worth the money, the guides, certainly the local guys know there bussiness, after that we walked everywhere.We didnt eat at the Hotel it was a bit pricey but we did try the&quot; Art cafe&quot; located under the hotel, after that we tried the cafe one block down over the road called the &quot;Stardust&quot;, it was great for breakfast or diner, all the waiters and waitresses sang songs in turn, good value for money.As for the hotel, we found it ok, the room which overlooked Broadway, was very clean if a little on the small side, well decorated and had two double beds on a no smoking floor.Not very impressed that there was no coffee or tea making facilities in the room or that you had to have an account and pay to access the wireless internet but there were 2 free computers in the lobby. We were warned about the scam artists working the streets but nobody warned us about the shops! my own fault I guess but I paid a visit to&quot; 51st computers and electrics&quot; just over from the hotel and got myself ripped off by the guy calling himself the owner and bought a lens for my camera,something I woundnt normaly do without research! but these guys are good and I got taken in to my Cost!! so be warned not all the sharks are walking the streets. As for the streets, they were all very clean and we always felt safe even after dark. I would definately stay there again if only for the location,a lot of airline crews seemed to use the hotel as well. Also when you get in a Cab make sure he turns on the meter! they seem to have a habbit of forgetting!!Overall it was a great time had by all and im sure we will be back.	
Aug 7 2007	not up to par	After reading all the glowing reviews, I thought the Novotel would be great. True, the location for tourists is fantastic and the lobby is quite attractive. However, I realized that all was not well when I stepped off the elevator and saw the condition of the hallway where the walls were dirty and the carpets were stained and frayed. The room looked as though it was decorated in the 50's and not in a good way. The ceiling tiles looked as though there had been a major flood, the clock did not work, the paint was peeling, the bedspreads looked worn and the view was beyond horrendous. Every generator in NYC seemed to be out our window. I've been to numerous hotels in NYC and this is by far the worst I've stayed at. The front desk staff was polite and efficient when I checked out after only the 1st night, but I'd rather have a decent room than make friends with the staff.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great location good service!	My family stayed at the Novotel based on recomendations from a friend. This is a great hotel just steps from the heart of Times Square. The room was clean and, though not huge, as big a a normal hotel/motel room. Our only regret was that our room was on the back side of the hotel so we didn't have a great view, but we didn't exactly go to NY to look out a hotel window anyway. We saw Hairspray, which is just two doors down from the hotel. Checking in and out was very easy. You will have to take two sets of elevators go get from the street to your room, but it's no big deal. We didn't eat at the hotel's cafe as it was a bit pricey. Parking for this hotel is a half a block away; you have to cross Broadway to get to it. I would stay here again because of the location.	
Jul 29 2007 	Ok not the worst	Stayed for one night, on a business trip. Overall ok not bad but expect little bit more for the cost.Hotel is in great location very short walk from all of the action of Times Square &amp; 1 mile from Central Park. View from the 7th floor roof-top seating area was great. No scary stories for me. Booked with relatively short notice; room had King Size bed + sofa bed so not sure if I got the cheapest option available. Arrived late in the afternoon &amp; room was not ready. Was given a complimentary drink at the bar while I waited for 40 mins for room to be cleaned.Room &amp; linen were clean although bathroom could do with some updating. Facilities included iron, slow-hairdryer, mini-bar &amp; usual shampoo, conditioner &amp; soap in bathroom. Wifi internet access was not free which was a bit disappointing. Only one lift was in service between entrance &amp; lobby areaBreakfast was buffet affair, bacon, sausage, eggs, cold meat, muffins/beads, cereals, juice etc. ok but a bit on expensive?Lots of Airline staff stayed here too but most rooms seem to be shared by friends/families/people staying in town to do sight-seeing &amp; shopping. Might stay here again if on personal trip but would spend little more somewhere else on business.	
Jul 23 2007 	Awesome Location!!	All reviews that rave about the location couldn't be more right. A group of us stayed here for two nights, and due to its location we were able to accomplish so much on our trip. The rooms were nice, but let's face it you are in the Theater district, so you are only in your room to sleep. Book this hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 23 2007 	AVOID AVOID AVOID!	This hotel is delapidated, tired, rundown. I had booked a room with a view months before. Advised the hotel of our late arrival and was obviously given the only room left. A v ery ordinary view of a little of Times Square. The door on the clothes cupboard was falling off, the towels resembled postage stamps in size and sandpaper in softness. The New York Novotel is massively overpriced, the breakfasts are ordinary and the beds uncomfortable. After one night, an understanding assistant manager found us room at the more expensive Sofitel, which on a value for dollar basis, was far superior.	
Jul 22 2007	great stay - highly recommended!	Just came back from 3 nights in NY!What a pleasant experience at the Novotel Times Square!Staff was very helpful and courteous, did not have any of the problems other reviewers mentionned (maybe we were lucky...)Our room was perfect, although a bit small, but it did not bother us at all - it's just that it's smaller than your typical North American hotel room. It was very clean, the view was fantastic, and we were high enough (30th floor) that we could not hear the street noise.The Novotel's location is perfect - a few blocks from Times Square, 1 block from Ed Sullivan theater (Late Show with Letterman) , almost in front of the Mamma Mia theater. We saw 2 musicals, and walked back to hotel on both occasions at 11pm - no problems at all!Other reviewers mentionned the nuisance of taking 2 elevators to get to the room - 1 from street to lobby, and then from lobby to the room. This did not bother us at all. We never had to wait more then 1 minute for either elevators - again, we must have been lucky!! There was a guard before the elevators to the floors at night, to verify we had a room key. He would not let you through without your key - extra security.We noticed many airline crews stay at this hotel - American Airways, Aeroflot and Air France, to name the ones we recognised. Is this a good sign....?We did not eat at their restaurant. We followed other reviewers' advice and had our breakfast at the Art Cafe, in the same building as Novotel, just next door. Great food, fast service, great prices! Check this hotel on packages from Expedia - we got great rates!!	
Jul 21 2007 	Nice Location Shame About The Accommodation	Stayed 2 nights 18/19 July and sorry to have to say that we weren't impressed at all. Checked in at 3:30pm and no rooms available with around 10 people already waiting. An Air France crew had just checked out and we had to wait for their rooms to be cleaned. Check in was slow, disorganised and crowded with air crew constantly trying to push in ahead of the queue. Returned at 6.30om to be given rooms on the 10th and 16th floors. Both rooms were very tired with worn out dirty, stained carpets, depressing bathrooms and really tiny beds (I'm 6' and my feet were hanging over the edge) The location is excellent, however, and I can only think that the positive reviews here are somewhat biased towards this benefit to the exclusion of the accommodation on offer. I will not stay here again and would prefer to pay a few dollars more for The Excellent Sofitel around the corner. Accor Hotels, be very proud of The Sofitel but equally ashamed of This Novotel....upgrade it to 'next generation standard' ASAP !	
Jul 19 2007 	The view up Times Square is amazing!	I travelled on my first trip to New York for my birthday in July 2006 and I wasn't disappointed! What a city! I was in complete owe from the minute I arrived until the minute I left.We landed at JFK and decided to get a taxi into the city - it really is an exciting way to arrive - getting in a yellow cab! If you are going to get a cab there is a flat rate into the city from JFK but please know that on the way back there is no flat rate so be careful when your booking your taxi back and try and get the price down! The Novotel is in a great location looking up Times Square.The sightseeing buses are located on Times Square and this is a great way to see the city if you are only there for a short time. You can hop on and hop off aswell so it is really great value for money. If you walk in the opposite direction from the hotel, Central Park is a 10 - 15 minute walk and there is a subway stop in Times Square so its very close to everything you need to get around!The lobby is trendy, big and spacious with a large bar area with lots of tables - there is also an outside terrace so you can enjoy a drink outside while taking in the spectacular view! My boyfriend and I payed extra for a room with a Times Square view and it was worth it - especially at night! The room we had was large with a kingsize bed and a nice bathroom. I did think the decor was a little dull, but just my personal taste! Definitely wasn't put off as I would certainly stay again! I can't comment on the food in the hotel as we never ate here - there are so many restaurants to eat in, in New York you are spoiled for choice! There is a fantastic diner directly underneath the Novotel who do fantastic breakfasts (pancakes, waffles) and if you have dinner here, have the pizza burger! I haven't tasted a better burger since! Another great restaurant to go to in Bubba Gumps in Times Square - it is a &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; themed restaurant that has lots of fab food and a great atmosphere!If you can take in a Broadway Show - many of the theatres are located on or just off Times Square so you don't need to walk far to get to one and there is a ticket booth on Times Square where you can buy reduced price tickets (sometimes as much as 50%) for tickets for showings that night - try and go early as there are large queues and good seats can get snapped up. My boyfriend and I got tickets for Beauty and the Beast and it was marvellous!New York is one of my favourite cities in the world, if not my favourite - it's so alive and exciting! And the Novotel is the perfect base to explore it from.	
Jul 14 2007 	Everything we expected!!	Have stayed in Manhattan twice before and each time wished we had stayed in a hotel with a Times Sq view... After researching all hotels in Times Sq area, we chose Novotel.. Didn't want to spend too much money so this seemes perfect!! We weren't disappointed. We were in room 2105 and had a fab Times Square view (had a tip from this website that rooms ending in 05 had Times Sq view!). Room was clean and spacious. Concierge was free (unlike Park Central Hotel on 56th and 7th). Terrace bar was great although too hot to sit at during the day. All in all it was a nice hotel in a great location with friendly staff. If back in NYC, will def go back.!	
Jul 10 2007 	Great Hotel for the Price	I was nervous abotu booking a 3 star hotel but the Novotel was well worth the money. The staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, and the location is superb. It is on the corner of 51st and Broadway so we had a view of Times Square from our room. It was also 1 block from the Broadway Theatre (which was the purpose of our trip). It was also still in close proximity to the other theatres in the theatre district. I will definitely stay there again!	
Jul 9 2007	Great for Watching Thanksgiving Parade!	We wanted to get a &quot;parade-view&quot; room for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. Macy's reps recommended Novotel and 2 others. We chose Novotel and were not disappointed. Staff was very, very nice and professional despite a very packed hotel on a very busy holiday weekend. We could view the parade from our room or on the 10th floor balcony of their restaurant which was also a great viewing spot. Room was small but that's typical for NYC. Would definitely use again!	
Jul 8 2007	Location location location	If you're looking for a clean, comfortable, friendly hotel that is easy walking distance (I'm talking 5-10 minutes easy) to Times Square, theatres, Central Park, shopping, and subway stations to take you anywhere else you want to go, then Novotel is definitely the place. We stayed there three nights, and our only complaint was that the lobby bar/restaurant closed at midnight. But hey, it's New York, right? There are plenty of other places open late. Parking at a garage just down the street was $30 per day if you get your ticket stamped by the hotel.Oh, and big rooms, too. Our's (25th floor) overlooked the Hudson river...great view.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Place	Novotel was great. Great location, safe, large room for NYC!The elevators were quick, staff was helpful, and no complaints here.	
Jul 4 2007 	not what I expected for my money	The hotel is on Time Square, the view from the 7th floor restaurant/lobby is fantastic.I was really looking forward to stay in this hotel after seing the photos online.The reception is very modern and classy, there is a gym and 2 PC you can use to surf the net and print out stuff.Unfortunately the room we had was nothing like the rest of the hotel. It was supposed to be a large room with city view but was actually a little old room, the city view was blocked by the hotel restaurant's roof. The walls were marked, the ironing board was left out, the beds were reduce to bare minimum.To make things worse the ise machine was just outside our door and was making a lot of noise.There is no vending machines but there is a mini bar in the room that charges you just for touching thing in it (thanks to the sensors).So although we paid good price for a room in this 4 star hotel, the room was worth about 2 stars and was nothing like the grand reception.The hotel is in the heart of Broadway so very convinient. You don't really hear the noise from the street which was a nice surprise.Maybe we were unlucky but that did it for me, I would never go back to this hotel or any Novotels for that matter.	
Jul 1 2007 	Novotel NY Best Location Decent Rooms	My husband and I just stayed at the Novotel, NY this past weekend (Jun 28-Jul1). This was our first time in New York and first time at a Novotel. We were not sure what to expect. We were not disappointed! The hotel has all the amenities you need. Basic clean rooms, good service, helpful staff. It was simple, yet met all of our expectations. The location could not be beat! Walking distance from Central Park, theatres, restaurants, Times Square, shopping, bars etc! If you want a hotel that is clean, good service, simple elegance, great location...then the Novotel is for you! I highly recommend. I would book at the Novotel again!!	
Jun 29 2007 	Great Location good hotel	We arrived at the Novotel after a 14hr flight, we were checked into our room very quickly and the front desk clerk was friendly and efficent. Room was of average size, this is New York after all, the room was clean and well maintained. The lobby is located on the 7th floor, which we found a bit inconvenient, after riding a lift down from the 33rd floor and then having to get another lift down to ground floor, which was often very crowded and a wait for these lifts was common. Hotel bar staff were quite friendly and made us feel very welcome. Overall i believe this is a good hotel in this price range for a wonderful location. Beware the dinner next to hotel on ground level, food is of average quality and staff are rude and particularly unfriendly.	
Jun 28 2007	fantastic location	The Novotel hotel on Broadway was fantastic. Clean, friendly, brilliant value and in a brilliant location to walk to all the attractions. Thehotel restaurant looked down on Broadwayand Times Square and was very reasonably priced.We walked everywhere and had a wonderful time.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Stay at the Novotel	We have just arrived back from a four night stay in New York Novotel. The hotel was very good, a smooth checking in procedure helped after a long flight. We had a superior double room which was large, clean and comfortable. We did not eat at the hotel so cannot comment although the menu looked pricey.The bar was nice, with an exceptional seating area overlooking times square. Drinks were a little on the pricey side but managable.The best part of this hotel was its location, centrally located off Broadway, only a short stroll from Times Square-fantastic.Check out &quot;Ellen Stardust&quot; Diner, west 51st on broadway (turn right when leaving the hotel, turn right onto Broadway and you will see the diner on the opposite side of the road on the corner of the next junction). The staff sing as you enjoy your breakfast etc... a real novelty at great prices.Here are a few tips.1. Airport Taxis-avoid the touts and unlicenced cabbies-one tried to charge us $87. Use the licenced Yellow cabs who by law charge a flat rate of $45 from the airports to manhatten. In addition there will be a toll charge of $4.50 and a tip on top.2. If you are staying in New York and are thinking of hiring a car-DON'T. The blocks are gridlocked most of the time, the traffic is often at a stand still. Use yellow cabs-they will know the best alternative routes-or the metro. The metro is cheap, air conditioned and extremely safe. We did not see a hint of trouble during our time in New York-the city has cleaned up its act.3. I would recommend a helicopter flight around Manhatten, there are two or three companies but we used Helicopter Flight Services, Pier 6, South Street, Downtown-thoroughly professional and a slick outfit. Book from your home via the internet in advance though.4. Everyone expexts a tip-from barman to bell boys, from waiters to room service-I'll leave that one with you........Overall the Hotel is thoroughly recommended as is New York. If you live in the UK you will notice how cheap everything is and with a strong pound against the dollar its a healthy position to be in.	
Jun 19 2007 	Perfect Location	The Novotel is located perfectly a few blocks from Times Square in the heart of the Theatre District. I loved that the lobby was located on the 7th floor, away from the hustle and bustle of the traffic. The lobby was elegant, simple, and chic. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Our room was 2512 which faced Broadway with a great view of Times Square. The room was an average standard size, nothing spectacular, but was clean and neat. I was disappointed that a coffee pot was not in the room, as I love to have that cup of caffine first thing in the morning. However, the Art Cafe on the first floor of the Hotel building provided a good breakfast and a reasonable price. Get a map of Manhattan from the concierge and let him/her know what you are most interested in seeing. They will point you in the right direction. You can cover a lot of territory by foot, but make sure you wear comfortable shoes. Day 1 we walked through Times Square to Rockefeller Center, then over to the Empire State Building, then Grand Central Station, back to the Novotel for a little break and then walked to Central Park. Took the 30 minute carriage ride through a very small area of the park. Cost was $40, a little pricey, but worth it. Saw Mama Mia in the evening. Theater was located across from the Novotel. Excellent! After the show we walked to Carnagie Deli, for the biggest sandwich I've ever seen. We ordered the corned beef and pastrami and it was 6 inches high. Unbelievable!! Day 2 we took the subway to Ground Zero. You can catch the subway at 7th avenue, take the E train Downtown. Ground Zero is the end of the line. After spending time at Ground Zero, we walked to Battery Park, saw the Statue of Liberty, then walked to Pier 17 where there is plenty of shops and activities. Took The Shark speed boat ride..highly recommend, gets you up close to the Statue of Liberty, $20/person for adult, 30 minute ride. You get WET! Then walked back to Ground Zero, took subway back to Novotel. Go to Restaurant Row on 46th street between 8th and 9th, many ethnic groups represented and several jazz clubs too. We ate at Swing 46, live jazz entertainment, no cover, great food, reasonably priced. If there is someplace special you want to visit in New York, the Novotel staff will help get you there. Gerard, the bartender, was a hoot in the Lounge. Everyone made sure you experienced outstanding customer service. We will return to the Novotel our next trip.	
Jun 14 2007 	good value for money	i managed to get a good deal for the hotel directly through the website (special offer i think it was 1 or 2 nights free if you booked to stay for a week) stayed in feb but have only just got round to adding a reveiw.would definatly stay again here, the main draw being the location, especially for coming back later of an evening from the theatres etc. helpful staff and decent sized room, only issue we had was sometimes the shower was too hot and no matter how much you tried to change it down to cold, it wouldnot gogood safety at the hotel, with the main entrance on street level not leading straight to the hotel, (you have to get the lift up to get to the main hotel lobby etc) i woulde definatly stay again, as it was walking distance from a lot of places, and an ideal location, especially for a group of girls coming back from the theatres/bars of an evening in broadway as is close enought to walk	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Hotel would stay here again	I stayed in the Novotel with my Husband and 2 other couples for 4 nights. It was a great Hotel. When you enter the hotel at ground level, you then have to take the lift up a few floors to the reception (to about the 7th floor i think, but its easy to do as if i recall, its the only place the lift goes) though when its busy with lots of new people coming in, there can be a queue for the lift but it goes pretty quick.Once out of the lift you have the recption up ahead of you, the staff where very nice and friendly and answered any questions we had.Over to the left is the bar and eating area. We did get a round of drinks in once, but it was pretty expensive so it was a one off. im not sure about the food and how much it costs, but i've heard its nice but pretty expensive too. However dont let this put you off as most people do not eat in the hotel, as there is no need to given that at the bottom of the hotel and in the surrounding areas are reasonably priced diners for breakfast, lunch even dinner, not to mention the thousands of other eating establishments further afield, yet still only 10-15min walks.Id particularly recommend going to the stardust diner, just over the way from the hotel, the waiters/waitresses are aspiring singers/dancers trying to make it to broadway and each take it in turn to sing songs and entertain you whilst carrying on serving! Worth at least one trip i'd say, could probably be a bit too much though if you went more than once (especially if you've had a few the night before!!)Back to the Novotel, the rooms were good they were cleaned eveyday to a good standard and the cleaners were always friendly whenever we saw them.The room was a very decent size and we had the most spectacular view of times square (we were on the times square side) as the hotel is just on the outskirts of the main hub of it. We were on the 31st floor, it was really high up, but when you get over the initial shock of how high up you are, its an amazing view. Considering where you are, you can not hear any noise and there are blackout curtains so the light doesnt wake you too early in morning.There is a balcony area on the same floor as reception, if you do decide to have a drink or just a relax and sit down after a busy day, which has views overlooking times square.There was security at the hotel, they were there later in the evening and when we got in of a night when sometimes they would ask you to show your key card. During the day there were the guys who help you with your baggage who on the last day, kept our baggage (9 cases) in the storage room for about 13 dollars, he gave us tickets for our baggage and it stayed there until we returned later that day to collect it!!All in all a great hotel, great location, great experience and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!	
Jun 6 2007 	A superb stay at the Novotel New York	Stayed for 7 nights over St Patricks Day celebrations. The room had a superb view of Times Square and was of acceptable standard. Rooms were cleaned efficiently each day.  Staff were polite and helpful.  As it was our wedding anniversary while we were there, we were pleasantly surprised by a complimentary bottle of champagne delivered to our room by the duty manager. A lovely thought.The location is perfect for exploring New York, every where can be done on foot.Will be back!	
Jun 5 2007 	Good hotel for the family	My family and I just returned home from a long weekend in NYC, I for work they for play. This was our first stay at Novotel and we were happy.A number of positives; the rooms are HUGE for NYC. Our room had two double beds to accommodate two kids under 5, my wife and I, and there was room to spare. A rarity in the City; the location at 52nd &amp; Broadway was good for business and play. A few blocks south of the park and a few north of time Square; staff was friendly and helpful, rooms clean and comfortable; the 4th floor (lobby) balcony giving views of 52nd Street and up and down Broadway.The only inconveniences we found were no valet service, the beds and pillows were merely average unlike many other NYC hotels I’ve used.All in all when the family comes along we’ll probably stay at Novotel. When it’s just me or my wife and it will be Night.	
Jun 2 2007 	Lovely Room Excellent Value Most Enjoyable Stay	We have been to New York a total of fives times in the past 5 years and have stayed in various hotels, my impression of hotel rooms in New York is that they are over priced and tiny in size but that has never put me off visiting New York, there is always something to do and somewhere to go in NYC.My impression of hotels in NYC has now changed!!! This time round we went with another couple to NY for a total of 7 nights, we booked directly through their website and got a good rate.Our stay in the Novotel was FANTASTIC!!!Its location is central to everything; we got a decent size room facing Times Square direction on the 17th floor. Our room was cleaned everyday the maids were super friendly, reception staff we really helpful and also friendly. We had dinner twice in the hotels restaurant the service and food was second to none.The hotel is only one block from the Ed Sullivan Theatre we got to see some filming of the David Letterman, which was class! There are plenty of good bars, restaurants and dinners in and around the Novotels location.We will be visiting NYC again later this year and will be staying in the Novotel again.	
Jun 1 2007 	Beautiful hotel prime location!	Very friendly staff willing to accomodate your requests!!!	
May 28 2007 	Pricey but good hotel	Hotel is pricey for what is it, but this is New York ! Although the room is more like an upmarket motel, everything worked properly and nothing went wrong, so in a way it was worth the price just to save the stress and hassle.Past reviews say it all with location being the obvious advantage if you're after the Times Square/Broadway Shows fix. Reception staff were lukewarm, but no problems as such.Overall, a pleasant stay.	
May 25 2007 	Great hotel - perfect location	Right in the middle of everything. Was great location wise because everything leads to Time Square. We didn't eat in the hotel but the diner next door was fantastic. The staff were really helpful.New York is so busy you only need a place that is clean and modern and the Novotel lives up to that. It's just what you need.Room service was very expensive - 17 dollars for 2 coffees, don't do it. Apart from that would go back there every time. Enjoy new york it's fabulous.	
May 17 2007	Definitely recommend it	Great location, spacious and clean rooms, beautiful lobby with a view of Times Square, and excellent sound insulation. It feels bright, comfortable and quiet inside, which you will appreciate after a day in New York City. Definitely recommend it.	
May 13 2007 	fantastic location	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights early December. It was our first time in New York and we had a great time. The hotel was lovely, the room by Brit standards was huge, as was the bed! The location is excellent being a short stroll from Times Square. We didn't eat at the hotel because the are so many places nearby, I can highly recommend Rosie O'Gradys.	
May 4 2007 	Great location 	We stayed 3 nights at the novotel in NY. Location was really fantastic, couldn't ask for more. We got a nice room on the 32th floor, and we could see Times Square, amazing. No noise at all, even from the other guest rooms. The room was clean but we found one m&amp;m's and some popcorn under the couch. The room could use a little refreshment but it was really ok. Anyway you don't stay a lot in your room when you've got NY to visit!Would definitely recommend this hotel, which is great value for money. We would definitely return there.	
Apr 30 2007 	A wonderful European Atmosphere!	I booked this hotel for a weekend layover after attending a conference. My sister flew in to meet me and we spent three nights at the hotel. The lobby and common areas are drop dead gorgeous while the rooms are a little &quot;motelish&quot; and tired. Interestingly, the bathroom was the one spot that was updated and fresh which made a big difference! But that didn't matter in the end. The staff and location more than made up for the lack of luxury. There is a fantastic outdoor patio with stunning views of Broadway-lots of seating and no need to order a thing! We were greeted by name virtually every time we hit the lobby. The bellmen (ALL OF THEM!) could not have been more gallant and friendly. We felt like we were the only americans in the place and that was fine by us. The majority of guests were from France, followed by England, Germany and Italy. It made for a very cool atmosphere and a departure from ordinary. It is the city hotel for Air France and all of the crew members were charming and friendly! LOCATION _ LOCATION_LOCATION!. Turn left out the front door and and there are two theaters and go two blocks and you are in Hell's Kitchen with a stunning array of eclectic cafes. Turn right and you are on Broadway, two blocks from Time Square. Turn right and hike a couple of blocks to Avenue of the Americas (6th), take a left and you are at Central Park in a few blocks. Stop and hook a right before Central Park and you hit 5th Avenue, Madison, etc...SHOPPING. Subways are close and taxis all over the place. What a great place. I will go back. Heck, first night in and there was Omar Sharif in the lobby cafe. He was so friendly and accommodating, meeting &quot;Dr. Zhivago&quot; set the tone for the entire trip! Ian at the front desk was a sweetheart when dealing with the &quot;two sisters from Texas&quot; and I greatly appreciated that. Truly a great bunch of people working at Novotel.	
Apr 29 2007 	Breakfast!	The Novotel was more than adequate for our stay with our two teenagers (14 / 17) - they had to share a bed which they didn't mind too much. Not an overly-big room, but to be honest we were there so little it didn't matter. We didn't eat at the hotel at all - what's the point? - and would highly recommend Applejack's Diner for breakfast, just a couple of blocks north of the hotel at 55th &amp; Broadway. We used the diner at the bottom of the hotel on our first morning (can't remember its name) but it was nowehere near the quality of Applejack's - great food and friendly service.	
Apr 26 2007 	Comfortable hotel	Managed to get a room on the 33rd floor with a stunning view across the Hudson River. Room reasonably large, clean and well-equipped. Large comfortable bed, possibly a bit soft. Air con seemed to work fine. We didn't have breakfast or meals in the hotel, so no comment there. Would recommend the hotel, although next time I would try staying in a different area, as Times Square is a bit garish.	
Apr 24 2007 	Best Location	This was our first time to NY so it took me forever to find a hotel that 1 we could afford and 2 that had a great location. The trip started out bad with a 12 hour delay in cleveland due to weather. I phoned the hotel and they were great. Check in was quick and the staff was nice. We were in room 2222, no view of Times Square but great view of the river and other wonderful buildings. Love the fact that the windows opened up so we could hear all the terrific sounds of the city. Our room was nice and clean and we heard no other noise from the other rooms.Very odd that there is no Coffee maker (I read the reviews and packed our own) The other bad thing is if you bring any food back and want to keep it cold DON'T use the mini bar, they will charge you. If you want a fridge they charge 20.00 per day. Internet access was a bit expensive also. The location was the best, a few minutes walk to central park, even walked to the Met. a block from TS and just a bit further to Macy's. The subways are no more than a block away. We will stay at this hotel again and are already planning our second trip.	
Apr 22 2007 	Fantastic location	We had a good rate directly from the hotels website. When booking I had 2 options: low floor lower rate no view or high floor very high rate with a view. I decided to book the low rate and contact the hotel via email for a view. It turned out that with my rate I could get a direct view on times square for just 20$ per night.Upon arrival we decided to go for it. For just 20$ per night extra we were given a room on the 32nd floor (almost the highest floor) and a direct view on times square. Although you are not going to New York for a view, I can say that when you arrive in your hotel at 11pm, turn off the lights, sit on the bed with a drink and look at times square it is really amazing (whatever people say).Room seemed renovated and was very clean. Since the rates of this hotel are on the lower end for New York I was not expecting such a great room.Hotel staff were very nice (even checkin). On the day of departure we could leave our bags very secure with the bellman and we picked them up at 4pm for just 1$ per bag.I would definitely go to this hotel again!	
Apr 21 2007 	A great first visit - would definitely stay there again	This was a great hotel. We were originally meant to go in November (booked then through expedia) but I was taken ill. The hotel was non-refundable however with a letter from my doctor confirming the situation they and expedia agreed to refund the room cost (probably helped being a busy time of year, I am sure they were able to rent it again!) So on that first great impression we decided to book with them again (this time direct, as expedia did not have any availability). Unfortunately the day we were due to travel, was the day of heavy snow and our flight from Gatwick to Newark was cancelled. We telephoned and explained the situation and they were very accommodating; we arrived 1 day late, still stayed for 5 nights, and half expected that we might have to pay for the extra &quot;missed&quot; night, but we didn't, which was great. In my opinion the hotel was good, I guess just an average hotel, nothing quirky or unusual but it was clean, and we were able to see Times Square from our room. Lets face it, who goes to New York to spend all day in the hotel! On the bus tours (would definitely recommend you do that) we went past some other hotels which we had been considering and they didn't see to be near anything in particular! In this price range I would definitely say the Novotel wins on location. The Marriott Times Square looked great but unfortunately was out of our price range as we wanted to stay for 5 nights to do everything we wanted to. One thing I would say is that there are no tea/coffee making facilities so if you like to have this, better take your own kettle!We ate breakfast in the hotel a couple of times; having stayed in central London I thought $20 (less than £11 when we stayed) for breakfast was a pretty good deal! Continental breakfast was $16.It was cold when we went so we didn't want to go down the street for breakfast, but if we went in warmer times we might have felt more inclined to do so. My colleague is planning a trip and at my advice is planning on staying at the Novotel.PS Don't bother getting off the boat at Liberty Island, just take the boat to Ellis Island as it circles the Statue of Liberty and you can get some good pictures.	
Apr 20 2007	Not 3rd Time Lucky!	I returned to the Novotel for a 3rd time &amp; this time I brought my daughter. The last two times I stayed here I was extremely happy with the the hotel &amp; my husband &amp; I were given big rooms both times. However even though I emailed the hotel beforehand requesting a twin room, away from the elevator &amp; away from the very noisy ice machine we were given a very small room with a double bed very close to the lifts. I went immediately down to the reception &amp; asked for another room &amp; was informed by a very snooty receptionist that there were no other rooms. He had a terrible attitude to clients &amp; I noticed that I was not the only one he was rude to. So back to the 'cupboard'. This had a double bed &amp; a sofa bed which needed to be made up. I rang the housekeeping to ask them to do this. We went out for a few hours &amp; I expected the bed to be made up but it wasn't. So I rang housekeeping &amp; asked again &amp; was told there would be someone up right away. One &amp; Half hours passed &amp; still no maid appeared. So I rang AGAIN &amp; was not my most polite &amp; success someone arrived within 5mins &amp; at last the bed was made up. There were 3 drawers for both of us, a wardrobe with wonky sliding doors that had a 6 hangers (not a lot for 2 women) I really could not face reception again so put up with it.When I go on holiday I do not want a battle &amp; am generally very easy going but I expected better from this hotel. I recommended this hotel to my stepdaughters who stopped there in November &amp; have previously given the Novotel a glowing report on Trip Advisor. However when I go back to NY I WILL be looking for another hotel.	
Apr 12 2007 	Good Price but the room leaved a lot to be desired!	We stayed in the Novotel from 5th April for 6 days. The room wasn't very clean and there was hair on the bathroom floor. The sink didn't empty very well either. One of the bedside lights was broken. We toldreception and they did send some people up to sort these things out.This hotel is in an excellent location on Times Square and is near to everything. We had a side view room on the 28th floor. The Hudson River was to the left.We got a really good deal on this room through the hotels website from a link on tripadvisor. It was a no cancellation room.The overall feel of the room was shabby but if you are just looking for a crash pad its fine. The Time hotel costs about the same and I would recommend staying there over the Novotel.	
Apr 12 2007 	What views!	OK the hotel is at the budget end of the scale, the access is restricted because the lobby can only be reached by one of two elevators from street level and the decor / furnishings are a bit tired, but the view from our room (2602) on the 26th Floor overlooking Times Square was priceless. We had windows open all night and didn't find the noise intrusive at all - I guess the higher up the building you go the less of a problem it is.We didn't &quot;eat in&quot;; breakfasts within 10 minutes walk at either the Cafe Europa on Broadway or the Pax Cafe on 42nd Street were freshly made, good quality and excellent value. There is so much choice for evening eating, why would you stay in? The hop on hop off buses seemed a bit expensive (a family ticket was over $ 200 for two days &amp; 1 nights use), but the Metro Card that allowed you to travel the subway like a real New Yorker was much better value and &quot;authentic&quot;. If you want to try something a bit off the beaten track, try out the Fire Department Museum on Spring Street between Hudson and Varrick Streets. The guys working there are fantastically knowledgeable - our guide was a retired FDNY veteran of over 35 years service and boy could he talk but very entertaining too. The 9/11 memorial in the museum is a great testament to the men of the FDNY who lost their lives.	
Apr 12 2007 	Novotel New York City	Fantastic location for easy walking to all central attractions. We travelled with an 11 and 13 year old. Good clean accommodation, spacious family room - great for the price. We ate breakfast in the hotel, as the children ate free, it was very good value for us (perhaps not so good for a couple - $20 per head). Loads of great restaurants nearby - would recommend Ellen's Stardust Diner right across the street, complete with singing waiting staff! However would definitely NOT recommend Mars 2112, total rip-off. Long wait for table in bar or amusement arcade in supposed martian surroundings, i.e. couple of staff dressed up in green outfits. Even the children were extremely unimpressed! Do all the usual sights but also worth going up the Rockefeller Observation Tower for the views of Empire State Building which are fantastic. Liberty helicopter tour also highly recommended (pricey but once in a lifetime - 5 minute tour is enough). Not mentioned in many guidebooks is Sony Wonderlab (5th Ave/East 56th Street). This is a free interactive experience which the children thought was great - definitely worth a visit.	
Apr 11 2007 	A good room priced right in excellent location	I selected Novotel New York from the hotels suggested by Midwest Airlines, based on its ratings with Trip Advisor.The location --its strongest suit--offered excellent access to the theater district and for making subway and bus connections to Museums uptown and shopping downtown. Liked having a comfortable easy chair and reading lamp. The rate was midpriced and affordable--no marble in the bathroom, but didn't miss it. Good service from staff at desk, maid service and bell captain.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great hotel great location!	Stayed here for partner's birthday 15-19th March. Check-in was efficient, we were allocated a kingsize room on the 28th floor overlooking the River Hudson. We had an un-obstructed view, however did notice that the rooms accross from ours overlooked an office block. Room was big, with a very comfortable kingsize bed, small sofa, coffee table, remote control tv, room cleaned on a daily basis with clean towels if requested. The only negative thing I can think of is that there are no coffee or tea making facilities which would be nice at the end of a hard day shopping! However, the Art Cafe situated right next to the Novotel provides good quality food/drinks at very reasonable prices. The location of this hotel made it for us as we were close to Central Park, Empire State, fab shops etc and the subway was nearby which we found was very safe to use during the day. On our last night we found Bar Harmony locacted a couple of blocks from the hotel. The drinks are reasonably priced and the food comes highly recommended! Overall we had a fantasic stay and we would definately stay at the Novotel again.	
Apr 4 2007	Outstanding value	For a $145 bid, this hotel provided outstanding value. From early check-in (noon) to a clean and quiet room, to an ideal location, this is the best Priceline property that I've found at any star level. Staff are very friendly and accommodating. As they say in France &quot;Chapeau&quot; (Hat's off) to Novotel New York!	
Apr 3 2007 	Great Location	We stayed in the Novotel from 15th to 19th March and I completely agree with everyone here who gave it a glowing report.The location of this hotel, for the price, is second to none. We had a room that looked directly down Times Square (picture attached). When we were in New York we were hit with the snow, so walking around was not so easy as it was sssoooo cold, but when the snow cleared walking around from the hotel was easy as it is so central.Never had to wait longer that 2 minutes for the lift from the ground floor to reception and found the desk staff helpful and friendly.Didnt eat in the resturant as there are so many other places to try. My tip would be to go to Ellen Stardust Diner just over the road. They have great food and all the wait staff sing!!!! Our waitress was very good and has a cd out (have a listen it is great. jamieraemusic )Booked to see Chicago which is only 2 blocks away from the Novotel (Wicked and Mama Mia are both right next to it).The only problem we had with the hotel is that although we were on a no smoking floor, there seemed to be a smell of smoke that crept into our bathroom in the late afternoon.In summary, i would not hesitate to advise people to visit the Novotel and would hope to return very soon.NEW YORK ROCKS.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great value fantastic location.	I was slightly sceptical about this hotel, particularly in view of it's comparative low price and after a dismal experience at another lower budget NY hotel 3 years ago. I'm pleased to say however that these fears proved to be unfounded.Starting on the 9th floor of a tower just off (at the top end) of Times Square, the reception of the Novotel is reached by one of 2 elevators in a small glass fronted entranceway on 59th Street.The reception area appears very fresh, clean and new and our greeting at reception was very friendly. Although they had incorrectly expected us to arrive the previous day, the mix up was immediately sorted (upon production of our reservation voucher) and we were allocated a room on the 25th floor.Taking one of 4 large elevators to the 25th floor, we found our room easily as each floor of the hotel is actually quite small.On entering the room, I was pleasantly surprised at the appearance of it, given the relatively low price of the hotel. The room was plain but clean and functional. Two particularly cheap and nasty pictures didn't do much to brighten it up - and neither did the obligatory low level lighting (why is it that hotel rooms never have decent lighting?). There was however functioning, adjustable air conditioning, a remote control TV, an armchair (no table though), clean bedding, a small safe, mini-bar, iron and board and a decent size bathroom with supplies of toiletries and a hairdryer.We did however notice that the bath, although clean enough to use, was not cleaned to the standard you'd clean your own bath (the odd hair left etc) and so required a rinse around from time to time. In addition, the shower was fixed at too low a level for us and so directed a blast of water directly at your throat! An ice machine and shoe-shine machine was also located just outside the elevators.As it turned out, our room was at the end of the corridor and so the only other people to reach our door were the occupants of the room opposite. This, coupled vith the very low traffic noise levels at 25th floor level made for a surprisingly quiet stay. I normally always use earplugs in hotels and certainly wasn't expecting to sleep as well as I did without them in New York!The view from our room wasn't great - an office block opposite in which you could easily see the occupants (so I guessed they could just as easily see us), and a road junction below. You don't go to New York to sit looking out of your hotel room window though and so this really wasn't a problem. As many others have pointed out, the lack of coffee making facilities in the rooms was disappointing however there was a Starbucks just across the road so again, it wasn't a huge problem.Although the hotel does have it's own bar and restaurant, prices appear a bit high, particularly considering the plentiful supply of other restaurants, diners and bars within a few hundred yards. As a result, we never used the hotel bar or restaurant.We did use the small shop (located next to reception) and found they had a good choice of souveniers, drinks and sweets (sorry, candy!) as well as necessities such as tissues, toiletries, medical supplies etc.Payphones are located in the lobby and, on the one occaison that we used the concierge (we booked a helicopter trip and harbor cruise directly by phone and bought discount show tickets ourselves from TKTS under the Marriot Marquis), we found the service very good.Other than the lack of coffee making facilities and the occasional wait for an elevator from ground level to the reception, my only other gripe would be the fish that are kept in small square vases on reception - the vases look far too small and it seems cruel to keep a single fish in such confined space.Other than that, if you are looking for a great value, great location hotel and don't necessarily want the height of luxury, then look no further than the Novotel.	
Mar 31 2007 	Fine place to stay	just fine... clean and very well located. Staff was very freindly. Wewere happily situated over Broadway and had a good view of Times Square from the 25th floor. I would not hesitate to stay there when I go back	
Mar 31 2007 	Novotel the view	Stayed at the Novotel 24th to 30th March. Excellent hotel for a sightseeing trip to New York Rooms have great view of Times square and Staff very friendly &amp; always willing to help. Hotel close to other attractions such as Empire State Central PArk etc and also close to subway. Be prepared for a Credit card meltdown when yoy visit all the shops on 5th Avenue!. Would almost certainly stay at this hotel when we return to New York.	
Mar 27 2007 	great location	Stayed at the novotel 21-26 of march great location close to central park,theatres,shops and statue of liberty.good hotel with great staff.Had a fantastic view of times square.Because the lobby is on the seventh floor it can be a bit of a bind to get to and from room as you need to take two lifts,one from street to lobby and then lobby to room but that is only issue with it.Art cafe just outside is excellent for breakfast as is the stardust across the road(be preapared for waitress to start singing)Rosie ogradys pub does an excellent steak.Would recomend getting a grays sightseeing bus.Will be going back	
Mar 26 2007	Great Hotel Shame about the Check In!	We stayed at the Novotel new York City for a my Hen Weekend in February 2007. There were 15 of us and this is what caused the problem. It seems that thomas cook and the hotel did not have a very good communication with each other and as a result our check in was not a very pleasant experience. The guy at check in could not find our bookings and it took over two hours to finally check in properly. This was not very good considering we had been travelling all day on two flights. We were sent to the wrong rooms twice, the staff tried to put four of us in a room with one bed and two of us were even put in an already occupied room! The staff at the desk were very unhelpful, and their false politeness seemed very patronising after two hours of trying to check in! they even retreated to a back room in order to hide from us even though I managed to stay polite throughout the episode (I was dying to shout and scream!) So all I can say is if you are going as a large group it might be very difficult so make sure you arrange it specifically with your travel agent and confirm guests names beforehand, possibly confirming directly with the hotel would be a good idea.Apart from our terrible check in the hotel is fine. Clean, large rooms, nice food in the restaurant, great service at the bar, lovely wait staff and great concierge staff. Great hotel for couples or families on a budget who want somewhere nice to stay for their visit to the city. Oh and the location of the hotel is absolutely excellent. The photos attached are taken from the hotel's balcony off the restaurant. Jane	
Mar 23 2007 	Fantastic location in New York City!!!	Fantastic hotel just off Times Square, hotel was fab, pure luxury, great service and location. Would definately stay here again and would recommend to all. Its definately worth the extra money to stay in central location in New York and there is so much to see and do.. Party of 6 traveled for a week long break and not one complaint.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great hotel great location	We stayed at the Novotel in February 2007 for 3 nights, arriving Friday and departing Monday. Due to the flight arriving slightly early we checked in an hour or so before the 'official' check in time of 3pm but there was no problem and we were given our room keys (we booked 2 rooms for 4 adults) straight away.The room was bigger than the other hotel rooms I've stayed in in New York City and had two double beds in it. It was clean and well kept, with a mini-fridge and colour tv. There was plenty of drawer space, and the wardrobe had a personal safe in it. There is a gift shop downstairs, as well as an informal cafe bar with some fabulous views of Times Square. One tiny thing about the gift shop - it sold chocolate and crisps but no drinks. However there is a pharmacy right down the street which is open 24/7 which sells a multitude of soft drinks, as well as beer etc...We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, instead we ate at the Art Cafe at street level right next to the hotel. The staff there were friendly and fast and the food was excellent. There is also a McDonald's down the street and various other cafe's, deli's and restaurants to choose from.The location was great, and we had no problem getting taxi's to wherever we needed to go.When we checked out we stored our luggage downstairs at a cost of $1 per item and picked it up again when it was time to go back to the airport. Getting a taxi was no problem, we asked the doorman who managed to get a car for us.I've been to New York City 3 times now, and all in all I think the Novotel was the best hotel I've stayed in so far, and would definitely go back.	
Mar 16 2007 	a great base for sight seeing!!	Just returned from a girly long weekend trip (8-12 March)... The hotel was basic and clean, no tea and coffee in rooms!!! Our rooms had been booked for over 5 months and were not ready when we arrived at 4.30 pm although we were given complimentary drinks in the bar. the rooms themselves were on different floors and higher than requested one was on the 32nd floor but did have a good view of times square. While Kevin who has been mentioned before was very helpful and pleasent he was unable to keep any promises he made. We were assured that we would get rooms together the following day but after 2 visits to reception we gave up!! If i was to stay here again i would make more of a fuss from the start, as when we complained at checking out time we had some of our room service taken off our bill as compensation. All in all a freindly hotel which is a fantastic base for seeing all the sights. Excellent for Broadway Times Square, Lexington Ave, Park Ave 5th Ave and Central Park.The hotel restaurant is a bit on the pricey side and although breakfast is very good, at $20 per person it s a bit expensive but will set you up for the day. The Cosmic diner (turn left on exiting the hotel and its about 2 blocks along on the right hand side can't miss it) does a great selection for less than half the price with very friendly and attentive staff!!I would return here again just for the location.	
Mar 11 2007 	Great Hotel!	I just returned a week ago from a 4 night stay at the Novotel. For the price it was well worth it, the hotel's website always has deals it seems. I had a king room on the 22nd floor, no complaints. Room was good size, nice hard wood floor in the bathroom, though the shower pressure will blow you across the tub, it's powerful. Comfortable bed, small sitting area with a couch, chair and table, minibar, desk, TV, iron, safe, alarm clock, only thing missing was coffee pot. There's no high speed internet access, only wireless, which I don't have, so I had to plug in my laptop via dialup, which worked great. There is a business center that has high speed though if you really need it. Wireless has a daily fee. My view was of the theatres which are nearby, Hairspray, Jersey Boys and Wicked. I can't comment on the restaurant or room service, as I didn't use either, but there is some cheap restaurants nearby if your looking for them, like the cafe/diner that's on the corner right next to the hotel. If you want more expensive outside the hotel, Gallagher's steakhouse is right next door also. The location can't be beat, only a 5 minute walk to Times Square, and the subway is only a couple blocks away. There's a doorman always outside also, and cabs are readily available. I found the staff to be very friendly, especially Kevin the front desk clerk. One downside, and it's really minor, is the two elevators, one from the street to the lobby (7th floor), then from lobby to the rooms, but the elevators come quickly. Late at night, they won't even let you up to the lobby without everyone in your group showing a room key, my friends who weren't staying there were denied access upstairs with me when we came in at 1 AM. I only had one problem during my stay, and that is on the late night I came back, my room key must have de-magnetized, as I tried about 20 times and it didn't work. No problem though, just went down to the front desk and got a new key in about 2 minutes. All in all a great stay, and I'll definitely stay there again!	
Mar 9 2007	Great Hotel Excellent Location	My daughter and I stayed at the Novotel for 7 nights, booked out on 5th March.I can honestly say that we had no problems at all with this hotel, the staff were always pleasant and helpful (especially Juan on the ground floor). The rooms although not plush were adequate for our trip. Plenty of room to leave our collection of bags from our shopping !! The beds were comfy, everything (TV, iron, shower etc) worked perfectly. We had a Times Square view from our room, amazing. The location of the Novotel is fantastic.I would say that if you are looking for an excellent hotel at an excellent price in an excellent location then the Novotel is perfect for you. Obviously there are other hotels within this location which I found to be far more expensive, personally I was happy to pay less and shop more!!I have already started saving for my next trip to New York and would not hesitate in booking the Novotel for my stay.	
Mar 6 2007 	Novotel Broadway - Fab location	Just come back from a wonderful 5 night stay in New YorkWe stayed at the Novotel on Broadway, and to be honest unless you are a total snob you can't fault this hotel at all.We had a double Double Bed room on the 15th floor, and whilst the view was not of times square it was interesting enough (but who goes to New York to look out of a hotel window)The staff were reserved but friendly - the bar and restaurant was a little expensive, but we only had a couple of drinks there anyway (there are so many outside to go to why stay at the hotel)I can recommend the Art Cafe directly below the hotel - just be aware you get mega portions. Also Ellens Stardust diner over the road is good too. For drinks check out Tao, try the Tautini - yummy.42 E 58th Street between Madison and Park Avenues.A restaurant I can recommend (though you will need to get a cab) is La Ripaille (605 Hudson St # 3, New York, NY 10014 ) the owner is french and his wife is from Manchester - food is splendid and the atmosphere brilliant.The room had excellent TV, Iron &amp; Ironing Board and a very handy digital safe - the only thing it was lacking was tea &amp; coffee making facilities, which I found rather unusual, but beacuse I had checked out previous reviews I took my own travel kettle and supplies, so we were sorted (glad I did!) long way out just to nip to McDonalds/Starbucks for a coffee!Shopping is Fab - go to Bloomingdales (though they are a bit snobby in there) and be sure to go to Macys - go to the customer service dept on the Mezanine and if you show them ID (driving licence or Passport) to prove you are from out of town you get an 11% discount card (excludes perfules and some other bits - check the back of the card) Be aware that when you are buying most things in NY they add @ 8.75% tax on top of the price on the goods (not sure if this does not include clothing as I got some T shirts from Old Navy store (near Macys) and they did not add tax.On first day we did all the major tourist things -you should definitely go to the observation deck at the Top of the Rock - brilliant. You are very very high up and you get to still see empire state. We did this during the day - then on the same day at dusk did the Empire state, which is currently looking a little untidy as it;s being done up, but the views were lovely ar dusk. Make sure you only go up on a clear day though or all you'll see is cloud!I would also recommend doing a sightseeing tour on the hop on and hop off busses. You hear a lot of things from the tour guides you would not find out otherwise.The Park is lovely - a lot hillier than I thought. Also check out FAO: Schwartz, they have the giant keyboard from the movie Big (yes I did go on it) Would definitely go back to NY again, now I have done all the sightseeing I can go back just to shop (yippee)One last thing- don't forget - get a Yellow Cab from JFK to any manhatten location for a set price of $45 plus tolls and tips (works out at around $55 in the end) don't go on one of the mini busses that they tout outside the airport as they rip you off	
Feb 22 2007 	"Why would you want to go anywhere else?"	This is what friends who had stayed at the Novotel had said to us when we were planning our first trip to NY and now after our trip we couldn't agree more. Our five nights in the Novotel in Times Sq was brilliant right from the friendly, helpful reception staff when we arrived to collecting our bags from the doorman on the last day. Our room (2417) was spotless and spacious with a great view of the Hudson river and was kept clean throughout our stay. Requests were dealt with quickly and when we lost theatre tickets the hotel security and reception staff were extremely helpful and efficient in helping us get replacements. All in all we couldn't fault the Novotel and when we can manage another trip to NY will definitely stay here again. We loved Langan's on 47th St. - had a couple of meals there and the food, staff and atmosphere was great.	
Feb 22 2007	Novotel New York	Male - 21 &amp; 22Just arrived back from a 5-night stay at the Novotel, New York. If it is your first time to New York, this hotel is superb. The location is ideal, literally round the corner from Winter Gardens and the Neon City that is Times Square. Access is by a lift to the 7th floor where the loby and cafe-bar is located. There was security at the lower level and generally, the hotel felt very safe. (Although I actually felt safer in New York generally than in many British Cities, I have visited). Also, on Saturday and Sunday night no one could obtain access to the lifts to the rooms without showing their room card. In short, the hotel is clean and safe. The hotel's two concierge that I spoke too were also helpful and on hand to answer any question.We had 2 double beds and the room was spacious enough (your only in it to sleep anyway!). The bathroom was light and modern and looked liked it had been recently refurbished. If I wanted to be picky, the walls are a bit on the thin side, but didn't bother me. The foyer is modern and the views from the ‘cafe-bar’ are breathtaking at night.The self-control heating system was superb, enabling us to control the heating automatically and manually. Considering it was between -6 and -10 during our trip we definitely ensured it was working. The room included an iron and digital safe. The only draw back is that we didn't have a room with a view. Would have been a bonus to look down on Times Square.Again, If I am honest the hotel staff could do by smiling a bit more! However, after a couple of days you do get used to it, as it is many places. To put it into perspective New York is fast, fast, fast and personal customer service is thrown out the window - **don't take it personally** as it can be a bit of a shock.For breakfast, the art deco cafe is excellent and reasonable and the service is good. It offers a variety of breakfasts from fresh fruit salads to ham and egg sandwiches. It is located literally on the corner of the hotel. We only had a couple of drinks at the bar, as it was expensive and dead (unless you’re in a big group). But a great relaxing place to end the night with a nightcap!The hotel has a great balcony on the 7th floor with great views of Times Square. In addition, the hotel has a gym and free Internet access. There is also a small tuck shop.The hotel is for all age ranges. When we were there groups travelling for leisure and some business people. Also, it seemed to be the base for Air France Crew.For the price it is excellent and would stay there again, can't wait to get back!	
Feb 22 2007 	Fron desk service innaceptable	I booked 4 nights at Novotel New York. Due to flights connections we made the check-in at about midnight.The bad surprise is that they assigned us a SMOKING ROOM. It really stank. Frankly it was very hard to bear.Inmediately I went to the reception to ask for a change to a non smoking room. The front desk assistant told me that the hotel was fully booked. He told me to ask for a room the next morning.That was our worst night in a Hotel ever !!! with a cost of 180$ !!The following morning they gave us the same answer: no non smoking rooms available.Only when we said that we were going to leave the hotel, they &quot;found&quot; a non smoking room...very curious...Conclusion: They were simply LYING.I will never go back to the Novotel Hotel in New York.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great Hotel and Location	We flew with Delta airlines into JFK, Great as the plane was only half full so lots of room to sleep. Got a limo to the hotel which was ok but we paid alot for no drinks and it was a bit scruffy.The hotel itsself is great you get the lift to the lobby on the 7th floor and the bar is next to the lobby, we checked in quickly and got our rooms on the 12th floor. We had two rooms both of which were big, clean and had two double beds which were very comfy. the bathroom was very clean and bright we also had city views and if you looked out the corner of the window, you could see times square, room is basic but has everything you need and most importantly is clean. we never had breakfast in the hotel as for $20 each we thoughy we could get better, and right outside the hotel is a small cafe that do great cheap breakfasts, it came to $30 for 4 of us with tip and drinks. We did all the usual touristy things, statue of liberty (Get the staten island ferry,, its free!) empire state building 5th avenue is great for shopping and even the designer stuff is cheaper than the UK,, obviously not much cheaper though. Saks is great, Macys and a great shoe shop in soho called david z,, sold the shoes bloomingdales had sold out of (same price to)We ate in Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock Cafe, TGI Fridays and Ruth Chris,, All of which had amazing food and we were very pleased, we grabbed lunch out except for our last day were we ate in Maxies in Times Square,, Avoid at all costs, this place did not do nice food and the service was awful he was impolite, did not smile once and counted the money out on the table, he then told us we had not left enough as he wanted 40-45% tip! Outragous! Iv been to the US a number of times and know how the tips work but that is a joke he said it was customary in New York to tip that much and said we had no choice but to pay it. So do not go here as this is not the case.Location of the hotel is great on west 52nd,, one block from times square and right by the broadway theatres. Some great places to eat and see nearby would totally reccomend for a no frills but clean stay.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great stay at Novotel	Just got home from a 3 night visit to NY. We couldn't have been happier with our room at Novotel. Check-in and out were no problem, there are very nice doormen to hail cabs, the lounge was open and relaxing, also with very pleasant service. Our room was no smaller than other hotels in other cities. I was quite surprised to find a pull-out couch and a chair along with the king bed (which was very comfy). And we were thrilled with our view - right down Broadway to Times Square - awesome! (But be aware not all rooms have this particular view, I believe the low #s only {01-05}) And we never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator. The breakfast buffet was a bit pricey for us, but we did have a late lunch in the restaurant which was very good and quite reasonable. For breakfast we walked down to the Cosmic diner every morning - our waiter remembered us after one visit. A very good, reasonable NY diner.	
Feb 15 2007	30th Birthday!	I took my husband to the Novotel for his 30th Birthday! We spent 4 nights here and it was his 1st trip to NYC! (We both travel quite a bit and my husband travels internationally for work)We were very pleased at check-in with the hotel and the staff.They acknowledged his b-day by giving us a complimentary drink ticket for the hotel bar which was really nice.We had a clean, spacious room with a pretty good view of Times Square. The room/bathroom were both clean and comfortable. The location of this hotel was amazing for walking to most major tourist attractions as well as easy access to the subway.I will recommend this hotel to all of my friends based on the cleanliness, location and price.	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Value - Great Location !	I booked this hotel via the Novotel (Accor) website direct. The room was reserved with no charge to my credit card and came with a no fee cancellation promise. I asked for a &quot;City View&quot; which gave us a superb view looking directly down towards Times Square - what a great 40th birthday present !The hotel was clean, rooms were basic (but you pay for what you get!) staff very helpful and friendly, check in and out an absolute breeze !The kids (both U16) ate for free, so a full all you can eat buffet breakfast for 4 worked out at $43 - that equates to about 24 pounds for 4 ! Fantastic value ! Overall the bill for 5 nights including breakfast was $720.If you want a no frills, superbly located hotel slap bang in the &quot;heart&quot; of New York The Novotel is the place to stay.Top Tip- Book on an open top bus tour with Grayline and also book your Empire State Tickets with them ( cheaper than the Empire State web site !! ) and you currently get a voucher for a meal for $20 each at The View restuarant which is the revolving restaurant above The Marriot Marquis - superb views over NY, especially at night !!	
Feb 12 2007	Sisters in the City	This was a great hotel for the price we paid. The location is really close to the theatres of Times Square and the lobby and staff are very friendly and accomodating. The room was pretty large for New York standards, and average in quality.	
Feb 12 2007 	Novotel is a motel.	I am a fairly seasoned traveler. I have stayed at many hotels and hotel chains and the Novotel was such a disappointment. I should've known that a hotel on Times Square is &quot;well-used&quot;.Ceiling tiles were falling down, the carpet was gross, the bed was uncomfortable, and the room was extremely small (smaller than your average new york hotel). I really felt like I was staying in a $19.95/night off-the-highway motel.The staff was nice and helpful, they had no problem with us checking out 3 days early, because we didn't like the hotel.	
Feb 11 2007 	OK to be next to Time Square	Rooms are clean. Sometime too much noice on the corridor in the evening.One unpleasant experience: we put some food in the hotel refrigerator. The hotel personnel throwed this just away!!It was clearly not enough to put the food outside the fridge;	
Feb 11 2007	Nice place to stay	We stayed here for 5 nights in a freezing Feburuary on a trip to celebrate 10yrs of marriage. The hotel was very nice, and the staff were always friendly. Our room (2304) had excellent views and was of a good size with large bed, wardrobe,draws,safe,chairs,tv etc. The room was always warm enough.The concierge was very helpful with advice on bus and subway routes, plus where to shop for particular items.The restaurant was nice but i only had breakfast here once.. too many other places to eat in NYC.Overall I would recommend the hotel, and would defineltly use it again.	
Feb 2 2007 	Best place to stay in New York!	We stayed at this hotel in April 2006 after lots of researching on the internet and we are soooo glad we did!!Location;A few minutes walk from Times Square, right in the middle of everywhere. Couldn't have been more central. Near a bus stop for the Grey-Line tours which meant everywhere was within walking distance or bus-ride distance.Room;Absolutely excellent! Massive room on the 27th floor. The biggest bed you have ever seen! Clean and comfortable with great views of the city. The toilet got blocked one night so we phoned reception and someone came up to fix it within minutes.Food;We never actually ate at the hotel. The food looked to expensive and too fancy for us. Food is so varied and cheap everywhere in New York that its better to eat out. There is a lovely little cafe just underneath the hotel where we ate breakfast every morning. Other than that we ate out in the city wherever we happened to be when we got hungry.Staff;Other than checking in and checking out we didn't have much contact with the staff, we didn't need to, but they always seemed friendly.Price;We booked directly on the Novotel website, which is the cheapest place we found it on the internet despite hours of searching. We booked a deluxe room for approx £470 for 4 nights. The room should have been about £1600 for those 4 nights but we got a &quot;no change, no cancellation&quot; deal which we were very happy with as we knew we'd definitely be going!Interesting places to go / things to do;Greyline tour busHorse and carriage around central parkMaceysBloomingdalesDisney storeEmpire state buildingStatue of libertyGround zeroMadame TussaudsNext time I go to New York (there WILL be a next time!) I will definitely stay in the Novotel, no doubt about it!!	
Jan 18 2007 	Wonderful time at Novotel	We really enjoyed our stay at Novotel. I emailed the hotel prior to our arrival as the trip was a double family celebration. I received a speedy response &amp; free fizzy wine was offered for the rooms! When we arrived there was a porter outside to help with bags &amp; check-in was really quick and the staff were extremely nice. Our rooms were an average size. There was enough room for the two of us and our luggage for a few days but more importantly were the fantastic views of Times Square. It really made you feel like you were in the middle of things! We were able to walk to a lot of places that were on our sightseeing list from the hotel. We had breakfast at the hotel on the first day as we had been given complimentary vouchers but I would agree with other reviewers that it was a bit pricey if you're not looking for a big feast at breakfast time. We used the hotel bar a few times &amp; the service was great. I would happily recommend the hotel if you are looking for somewhere in a great location &amp; at a reasonable price for NYC!	
Jan 16 2007 	Great Location next to Times Square!	Upon driving into NYC for the first time I must say I was rather nervous. This hotel was so easy to find and once I dumped my car in a parking garage I could relax. The front desk attendant was very friendly and helpful, the atmosphere in the hotel was very comfortable and upscale. They even allow pets! The hotel was located right by Times Square so we could walk to everything easily! I will definitly return to the Novotel!	
Jan 10 2007 	Just Average	Novotel is your basic &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; type room, just owned by Accor (European Co.). The rooms are dated and the furnishings and carpet worn and stained - a basic accommodation with the standard mattresses and colorful matching bed covers. My room was on the Broadway side, so it made for a noisy stay. I used the Fitness Center, which is adequate with a treadmill, elliptical and bike, as well as minimum weight equipment. I had requested a king room, but when I arrived (at 5pm in the afternoon) they could not grant the request. I didn't find the staff particularly helpful, and there was not a lot of security for a hotel in this location. You take an elevator from the street level to the lobby (7th floor), then have to hop on another set of elevators to get to your room. In all of this moving around, there was no check that you were a guest. On a positive note, there is a Duane Reade drugstore one block away for the necessary water, snacks, etc.. The hotel seems very energy/environment conscious, which means everything is on a sensor. When you leave your room, the heat cuts off, so I was cold during my stay. If you're looking for a budget room and more interested in pounding the pavement, this would be the place for you. If you're looking for an upgraded hotel (good mattress, robe, &quot;clean&quot; feel), I would look elsewhere.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great location good value	We booked the Novotel with Expedia and paid just under £1000 for 7 nights including direct flights LHR-JFK with Virgin. Seeing as the basic room rate at this hotel is $299 per night, it's a great bargain if you can book far enough in advance.The best thing about the Novotel is its location which couldn't really be better, just a few blocks up from Times Square. It's not just the proximity to Times Square though, this location means you can pretty much get to anywhere in Midtown Manhattan within 20 mins walk.Rooms are big for NYC and clean, but a little cold and the bedding is not great. No tea and coffee making facilities which is a bit of a shame when you've been out all day sight seeing. Other than that though, the place is great, friendly staff, good concierge, good check-in/check-out.Bar is nice and the only time they struggled was with the massive crowd in the lobby on New Year's Eve. Having said that, when you consider there were over 1 million people literally right outside on Broadway - getting drinks was going to be tough anywhere that night.Didn't eat at the restaurant other than the night we arrived (food fine, service a bit slack when Maitre D not there) because there is so much more on offer just on the doorstep. This is especially the case for breakfast - think you can get much much more at all the diners and you avoid the queues for brekky too.Whilst you're there you must go and see a show. The standard on Broadway is leagues above West End - we saw Chorus Line - probably the best show we've ever seen for quality.Other highlights we'd recommend would be Little Italy - pretty much all on Mulberry Street near Chinatown - great restaurants and bars. And, instead of spending a whole morning queuing for the Empire State Building, why not try the Top of the Rock observatory at the Rockerfeller Centre - hardly any queue at all, amazing views only 16 floors lower than the deck at the ESB, better views of uptown and downtown, a great view of the ESB itself, and you're in the open air - not squinting through little portholes. Costs about $17 (ESB $18) but just as breathtaking if not better.Helicopter trips are good fun but lots of hassle waiting in the heliport, we waited over an hour to get our 15 min flight. Really good experience though.Best experience: dinner at The View restaurant - this is a revolving restaurant on top of the Marriott Marquise (48th floor), just off Times Square. BOOK IN ADVANCE to get a table - can do it on line from the UK. Quite an expensive meal but so worth it to get all those views, great service, fantastic food.If you go to NYC at New Year, then it's probably best to avoid Times Square - it was absolutlely manic - that's why the Novotel was good because you have a view from their 7th floor terrace of Broadway down to Times Square, and a view of the million + people on Broadway.All in all - a great place, fantastic city, great time of year to go there, and a smart hotel in the best spot. Brilliant holiday.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great location average rooms average service	We stayed for NYE and then 5 nights after. A great location for NYE, but it would have been nice if they told us all the streets surrounding were closed! We had to walk several blocks through Police with our suitcases! When we arrived they had the wrong room ready, so there were not enough beds for us!Not sure where the rooms on the website are, but the 2 rooms we had were about 10yrs old. Service was average at best.The bar and the food were great. Great location, but would probably pay more and stay somewhere nicer next time.	
Jan 6 2007 	2nd trip	Had another great trip and stayed at the Novotel.Had a clean and large room and everything we needed was within walking distance.Highly recommend seeing Wicked and Hairspray both within a one minute walk.	
Dec 27 2006 	Very good location fantastic	Unfortunately for us we had a bit of a poor start to the holiday with our connecting flight being cancelled we arrived late to our hotel at 1am. Our travel agent had phoned ahead to say we were still coming but on arrival we were told that they had overbooked and there was no room for us, so they sent us in a cab to another hotel a couple of blocks away. We were not amused. We came back to the hotel the following morning, our travel company complained that they had given our room to someone else and denied knowledge of the phone call. They upgraded our room to give us a brilliant view of Times square and were given free breakfast for the duration of the rest of our 4 night stay which was very nice. We also had no luggage on arrival as this was lost and were provided with much needed toothbrushes and toothpaste etc. We were also given a complimentary fruit bowl, biscuits and mineral water in our room which was a nice touch so after a poor start, they redeemed themselves.The room was quite spacious, the bed very comfortable and it was all very clean. A great central location and all the staff were very helpful and couldn't do enough for us.We would definitely recommend it, the only thing I would say is go for longer, we definitely didin't have enough time there, NY is fantastic and we can't wait to go back.	
Dec 27 2006 	Amazing hotel	stayed here for 4 nights in late november mainly for sightseeing and shopping.got a super shuttle from jfk (dont bother get a taxi) not much difference in the price, and you dont have to stop at everyone elses hotels first. we got a taxi back to the airport.read previous reviews about hotel entrance and lift, we had no problems and waited a max of 30 seconds for a lift to the lobby.hold on i have changed my mind, there was a morning the lifts were broken and we had to use stairs to go down 7 floors and the staff elevator to go up. was fixed by the time we came back in the evening, so not a problem really.location of the hotel is excellent, near to rockafeller centre, time square, shows.rooms were a lot bigger than i had expected and far more room that was needed since we only really used it at night. far too much to do in the short time we were there. already planning our next trip. We are going to stay stay a bit more upmarket newxt time in the hilton time square.We phoned up the week before our trip to confirm a time square view on a high floor, but were told that this could not be gauranteed and if we did get a view it would cost and extra $20 a night. when got there we had the most amazing view of time square on the 24th floor. So on check out we expected to pay the extra but we were not charged!Also on check in many people were being told there rooms were not ready but we just checked in and were able to head straight to our room. 20 mins later we were out exploring New York.didnt use the bar or restaurant so cant comment on that as there are far too many place to eat than in a hotel in new york.had breakfast in the dinner underneath the hotel everymoring as it was convienient.New York.we walked most places but the subway took a while to get used to but worked out ok for longer journeys.highly recommend - top of the rock, only people up there were us - staton island ferry (free, good shots of liberty - night bus tour - empire state buliding - ground zero - very sad place to visit just brought back all those terrible memories. - the american museum of natural history - central park (have a horse drawn ride)shopping - maceys (massive, took 4 visits to see it all) - non new york state residents get a discount in maceys go to the information centre in maceys to get a discount card. - century 21 (next to ground zero) - soho (more expensive shops) shops are everywhere and for every taste and price range. shows - we saw chicago, excellent block up from the hotel. - also went to see a taping of the late show with dave letterman which has been a dream of mine for ages. this made my trip! (just next tot he hotel in the ed sullivan theatre)highly recommend this hotel and may well use agaon	
Dec 23 2006 	Fantastic view of Broadway	We stayed here for 3 nights in December. We were delighted to be given a room on the 32nd floor which looked onto Broadway/Time Square. Fantastic!The room was good value for NYC considering its location just off Broadway and about 5 mins walk to Time Square.We had breakfast at the Art Cafe on the corner about 30 seconds from the hotel. This was good value with efficient service (cheaper than the hotel).	
Dec 22 2006 	Happy with the Novotel	Just got back from a trip to New York - had a brilliant time and we were very happy with the Novotel. Our room was on the 24th floor and, whilst we didn't have the Times Square view, we had views over Manhattan and the Hudson River. Very little noise could be heard from outside, despite the busy location, so we enjoyed peaceful nights.Our room was clean, comfortable and quite large and the bathroom perfectly adequate (although the towels were small!) I understand what people are saying about the room temperature control - we came in very cold one night and couldn't get the room any warmer. And don't even look at the mini-bar in your room - certainly don't open it and move the bottles or you will be charged! Similarly do not use your room phone to make an international call!We tried the Cafe Nicole, which was surprisingly good and not too expensive - service was also very good. The bar was also good - very nice wines by the glass and good service. But there are so many places round about to try that you would not really want to eat more than once in the hotel. We also had breakfast in the hotel one morning, which was fine. But the Art Cafe below the hotel is as good and cheaper (great corned beef hash). And if you want a real treat walk up the road to the Blue Fin, which does an exceptional breakfast menu (a bit pricier).Others have complained about the service on the front desk, and I had occasion to try this out when I couldn't get my airline boarding passes to print out on the business centre computer. Happily, the desk staff were extremely helpful and concerned and the problem was resolved. But location is definitely the best point for this hotel. The hotel is right at the side of Times Square and you can get to most places on foot in about 20 minutes or so. All the Broadway shows are right on your doorstep and the hotel is so convenient for all the major attractions.Just a couple of non-hotel comments and suggestions:- The Gray Line NY bus tours are brilliant - do it early in your stay to get your bearings. Sit on the top open deck but WEAR WARM CLOTHES!- There is a set NY taxi price from JFK airport to anywhere in the city centre of $45. If I had known this I would not have bothered with the Shuttle van service, which was not great.- Some of the restaurants are now adding on the service charge to the bill (the Art Cafe does this). Just be careful to check this so that you are not tipping twice.	
Dec 19 2006 	Location is RIGHT ON!!!!!!!	I ranked this hotel above average because of the location, the quality of the room, the price we got from Priceline and the hotel lobby services. I would rank their hotel desk staff at below TERRIBLE because of the below issues. This is taken from my Trip Report on the NYC forums:Lets just say we got first got a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel. We tried to MOVE the dates when we were having SO much trouble getting there from Atlanta (weather and mechanical problems)...not a refund, but just for them to MOVE to the week of Christmas. They told us since we had booked through Priceline, that Priceline had to give them the ok. So, we call Priceline (and that was hard since most of it is automated and after trying 3 numbers) and they say that it’s at the hotels discretion after reading their policy to us. So, we call the hotel, the hotel says Priceline HAS to call them. We call Priceline again…they say they can’t call the hotel, the hotel should call them (and again it’s the hotels discretion)…call the hotel…well you’re getting the picture. The hotel was NOT willing to work with us, and I found them quite hard to deal with. So I’ll have to give Customer Service a negative 5 on a scale of 0-5. But, once we arrived, check-in was a breeze and our room was REALLY nice. The room was better than expected and beyond expectations based on some of the sizes and reviews of these other hotels. Our room wasn’t that small and was very adequate for a place to sleep. It was clean and confortable, had a safe, plenty of drawer space, lighting, windows, closet space. The bathroom was as good of a size as anywhere we've ever stayed, Hilton, Hampton Inn, Marriot.... We ordered room service one night…very pricy, but good. Their menu for room service is their menu for that café they have downstairs. To get to the lobby (and this may be how all of the hotels are in NY), but you must enter through revolving doors and take an elevator up 7 floors…get off in the lobby then proceed to another block of rooms that I think went up into the 30’s. The only minor issue was the heating…like almost non-existent. The outside temps weren’t that bad last week, so that helped, but don’t even bother with the thermostat!! We had it turned up on like 84, next time I look at it…it turned itself down to 80 with an inside temp of 72…then I bump it back up to 84, then look at it again and it’s 74. The room temp never heated to above 70…unless we took a HOT shower. Sometimes we’d just run the water and steam up the place to warm it up some. It may have just been our room, but take a sweatshirt and sweatpants just in case. IT couldn't hurt, but we were comfortable and it really was no different that visiting my parents who keep theirs on 68 or 69 all year.The location was excellent. Times Square was just a block or two….our theatre was just up the street…all the food on 9th avenue was just a couple streets over. NICE NICE NICE!!! A really short walk to everything to do and see in Midtown Manhatten. There was a subway to hit the 1 line a VERY short walk from the hotel. The Art Cafe was right beside our hotel, and there are a lot of bagel and muffin cafe's to dart in and out of nearby. There is also a McDonald's on the same block as our hotel, but it doesn't open until 10:00...so don't expect breakfast or coffee there.Overall I couldn't have been happier with our hotel. I am a very picky person and was THRILLED at the location, the quality of the rooms and the services...though I couldn't complain enough about their staff and how uninviting and unhelpful they were. You could tell they didn't care if we were there or not.I will have pictures of our trip up on our website: www.heatherandshannon.com later this week.	
Dec 13 2006 	location location location	Fantastic location for everything, friendly staff and nice clean rooms,, first time in New York, can´t wait to go back, would have no hesitation in staying here again	
Dec 11 2006 	Great Location comfortable room	We stayed at the Novotel for 3 nights at the beginning of December and was our first time in New York. We chose the Novotel primarily because of its location which could not be faulted. We had a room on the 32nd floor which overlooked Broadway and if you looked to the side you could see Times Square.The restaurant was expensive so we ate elsewhere. Previous posts mention the diner on the corner which served great food at reasonable prices. You may have to get there early for breakfast as it was always busy at this time.Unusual in that the reception is on the 7th floor and the small entrance area at street level was sometimes busy with people coming and going, especially if they had suitcases. All in all we had a fantastic time in New York and the Novotel provided all that we wanted. Would probably stay there agan but would check alternatives in the same location to check prices.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great location camera stolen from room...	We were booked in here due to overbooking at our original choice of hotel. Average hotel, clean, great location. Our booking could not be found so were upgraded eventually to a room with a view of Broadway/Times Square. Had it not been for the view the hotel would have been a disappointment. We locked all valuables in the case each day, however accidently left the camera in our room to go to breakfast and it was stolen. Hugely disappointing effort from the manager, switched hotels as felt unsafe in a room which obviously was not secure, and stayed at the Hilton Times Square - far better choice!!	
Dec 5 2006 	Your average "no frills" hotel but can't beat the location	My daughter and I went to NYC for the weekend for her 37th birthday. It was the first time we had stayed overnight and didn't quite know what to expect. I can say that for as much as we were in the room, it served it's purpose. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. And you can't beat it for the location. If I were staying for a longer period, I'd probably look for something with a few more amenities....like someone to offer to take your bags to your room, call a taxi for you if you call down from your room and be able to check out thru the tv as you can at many hotels now. I did call the morning that we would be arriving and told them it was our first time staying and if we'd be able to have a room facing Times Square, but they told me our room assignment was already put in and they couldn't change it. Having been in the hotel business for 27yrs, I know it could have been changed. Checking in was easy, and checking out was easy except they only have three people working the desk and the lines were pretty long. They did have a bellman when we got our luggage downstairs and he hailed a cab for us and put our luggage in the cab.We saw Wicked which was just around the corner and it was excellent. We also took the tour of the Statue of Liberty which is worth doing once, but be aware it takes most of your day.	
Nov 30 2006 	Perfect location and a great hotel	We stayed in the Novotel for 4 nights near the end of November. We had been reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and were a little worried about the handful of negative ones on here; but as it turned out, the hotel was excellent and we couldn't really find fault with anything.Stayed in a king size room which had minibar, desk, wireless internet access (we didn't try this), radio alarm, telephone, satellite TV, electronic safe, hairdryer, iron and ironing board - pretty much everything you needed for a comfortable stay. As with all hotels, the minibar was very expensive so stay away from it if you can - there are plenty of places within walking distance of the hotel if you need refreshments. The minibar is one of those new ones that senses when items are removed, so even if you take something out and don't use it, you'll still be billed!!!Room was a very good size and much bigger than anything we've stayed in in the U.K. Very clean, and we had daily housekeeping - clean towels, bathroom, beds made, etc every day.We ate one night in the Cafe Nicole in the hotel (on the same floor as the lobby), the food was lovely although the drinks were on the expensive side (40 dollars or about 23 quid(!!) for a bottle of a Chilean Merlot) - check before you order as the menus only list wine prices by the glass! Service in the restaurant was really good and when we asked the waiter if he knew any other good places to eat (girlfriend is vegetarian), he gave us the names of a couple of great restaurants and even printed out directions for us!The hotel is in a perfect location, it's situated right on Broadway, the entrance is just off the main street (on 52nd). Perfectly suited for seeing all the main attractions - Times Square was 5 minutes walk, Central Park was around 10-15 minutes walk, Empire State / Macy's etc, around 20 minutes walk away. Nearest subway station is 2 minutes walk away so also ideal if you want to travel this way.Our room price didn't include breakfast, we were tempted by the room service breakfast (around 35 dollars with taxes), but there is a lovely little place right under the hotel called Art Cafe - this does great breakfasts and is a very friendly little place; give it a try and save a few quid at the same time.Overall - really had a great time and we couldn't have asked for a better hotel.	
Nov 28 2006 	Nice hotel but who trains the staff? Basil Fawlty?	Stayed at the Novotel in mid-November, and the location and price of the hotel (for Times Square/Manhattan) can't be beat, HOWEVER, who trains the staff at this hotel?? Even ordinary requests like additional towels (since the room was NOT visited by housekeeping during the day) were botched. Anything slightly out of the ordinary was met with shoulder shrugs and blank stares. If we had been treated like they cared about our experience at their hotel, this review would be quite different. We met one understanding late-night maintenance person (who delivered clean towels to the room). Other than that, the attitude of the staff is universally poor, so it has to be a 'management' thing and not particular individuals.New Yorkers in general are very friendly and helpful, therefore, the management of this hotel must go out of their way to re-educate the staff that they hire to be dismissive of customer's requests.If you simply check-in, get the room that you want, and get to check-out without having to deal with the front desk, this is a great place to stay, however, heaven help you if you need any assistance from the staff.If I had it to do over again I would pay the extra $30-$40/night for a different experience. We read the reviews on this site and decided to take a calculated gamble as there were some negative reviews due to staff and attitude....well.......we got burned and it did put a damper on an otherwise great vacation.	
Nov 28 2006	Location Location Location	This hotel is in the PERFECT location for the price. The front desk people leave a lot to be desired.... they are COLD and need a few lessons in customer service. After reading the reviews, it seems to be hit or miss with the help at this hotel. I never had a bellman help me and my daughter with anything, and the other employees never looked us in the eye- a telling trait.... it may be because we're not 5 foot 7 blonde and skinny.... But, who cares? You're in NEW YORK CITY. Enjoy &quot;Hairspray&quot; right next door, or take a short taxi ride, or long walk to any other play you will ever want to see. I highly reccommend WICKED. Take a walk a few blocks away and you can experience the street side stores, a grocery, and the atmosphere of real New York City. My husband paid 29.00 extra for the Times Square View, and it was awesome. We had no heating/cooling problems, no noise problems, the room was big, clean, and comfortable. Stay here if you get the chance.	
Nov 28 2006 	Superb location room cost and facilities - loved it	Location, room cost and facilities at the Novotel were superb! As first timers to NYC, my husband and I were extremely impressed by the hotel's convenient location to so many major highlights, including Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue and Central Park. The room size was great and there was ample space for me to keep the shopping bags and still breathe! The staff members were very accommodating with a late check out.Whilst there was no fridge in the room, there are some great delis just outside the hotel - particularly convenient for breakfast. I got the hotel through Priceline and was very pleased with the cost. Not sure how much the room would be otherwise.I would definitely return to this hotel and highly recommend that you consider staying here for an excellent NYC experience. From Sydney, Australia	
Nov 21 2006 	sorry to say....if you have to deal with front dest...you are doomed!	Well, I wish we had a better review to report, but this one will not be great....We arrived at JFK late Thursday, Nov 16th. Our flight was late by 2 hours due to weather in New York....the landing was very scary. However, we felt lucky afterwards as most flights out of Toronto had been cancelled (we flew with American on a very small plane).We had booked with expedia and all seemed well. We pre-booked our shuttle into New York and that took 45 min or longer to get to the airport...more waiting...still o.k., as we were &quot;here&quot;!After a very friendly but exhuasting trip into Manhattan with our informative driver, we had arrived. Novotel has its entrance on 52nd street, even though the sign is on Broadway...just to note...We took the elevator with all of our bags at midnight to the second floor where the check-in desk was. No one offered to help us with our 3 bags and armload of &quot;stuff&quot;. We shuffled over to the desk and met with &quot;Gus&quot;. He informed us without any emotion that the hotel had been over-booked, but how lucky were we ...that we were being booked into their sister hotel the &quot;Sofitel&quot;. We were exhausted and had not anticipated this. I asked him to &quot;check again&quot; and he just stood there...&quot;no&quot; he said ...&quot;we are over-booked&quot;. We had booked this hotel 10 weeks ago. We had confirmed our king superior room on Wednesday (the night before) evening. We asked for wine etc. to be in our room as it was our anniversary...on Wednesday...no problem said the voice....&quot;Gus&quot; handed us $20.00 for the cab and told us sorry. We will give you &quot;coupons tomorrow because of the mix-up! &quot; Again, no offer for our bags...down we went to the street...upset and tired. We had a tour in the morning at 9:30am and we would have to find our way back as the pick up was out in Times Square...not happy.We got into a limo cab that was hailed by the desk security man on the ground floor. He told us after talking with the cab it would be $20.00!!!! Now I may be a tourist, but I knew generally that this hotel was only about 6 blocks or so away. I told the man $10.00. Don't take limo's....becasue of this and...he drove around for almost an hour arguing with other cabbies on the locations of the Sofitel....which we told him we were going...he did not know the location!!! At nearly 1a.m., we were very frustrated....we had given him the exact address...that &quot;Gus&quot; had written down on a piece of paper...our cabbie said it did not make sense. We eventually found the Sofitel At the Sofitel, they were very arrogant and said &quot;Oh, you are &quot;lucky&quot; as we are going to provide you with a king room.&quot; LUCKY!!! Not so I told her and please know that these front desk people at these hotels (Novotel and Sofitel) always think they are doing you a big favour....I told her that I had already paid for a King Superior room at my other hotel....the sister hotel to this one...and that I was not lucky! She was very rude and told us that we were lucky as this was a four star hotel, She was very condescending. I told her that our bags needed to be sent to the Novitel in the morning...&quot;fine ...we will take of that...but we do not normally do that&quot;....I said ...well do your hotels normally overbook poeple and send them out literally in the middle of the night? Again, we had to find our way to our room...no one offered to help us with our bags...they just watched us shuffle and grunt our way to the elevator. Our room was on the third floor and basically looked at a wall of a building. It was very late by this time and we just fell asleep....after noting that there was no top sheet on our bed...sleeping in our clothes!!!!In the morning, we called the Novotel and told them that we wanted our room...none were ready....we told them we had a tour to go on and they needed to get our bags over to the Novotel as after our tour we had dinner reservations and did not want to run back to the Sofitel. Sorry ...we don't do that!!!! Hubby went to the front desk of the Sofitel and advised them that it was agreed the night before that the hotel would bring our bags to the Novitel....&quot;we don't do that and we can't help you&quot; was the reply....Hubby then came back up to the room and called the Novitel again...the girl on the other end told us that &quot;maybe&quot; the Sofitel can hold your bags for you....Maybe????? We told her what had happened, &quot;sorry I can't help you.&quot;..we advised her that we knew were staying at the sister hotel and that she would have to get the manager. It was 9:00 am...We were to be at our tour destination at 9:30. We sat on the phone for 30 minutes. No one ever came back to us...Hubby stayed on the phone and I went downstairs to beg our tour company to wait for us. No problem they told us ...as long at you are here by 10:00am. I then went to the Sofitel desk and told them &quot;that they were going to get our bags over to our hotel&quot;....in a very quiet ...on the verge of exploding voice....that worked!!!We got to our tour just in time...they actually waited for us...great company&quot;NY Party Tours&quot;.Back at the Novitel...sorry we have no superior rooms facing Times Square...we do have a smoking room....I told them about my asthma....we finally got our room on the 31st floor! We had no view of times square ....unless you opened the window and pushed your head out .....The room is fine...any room you would get anywhere at a $100.00 a night anywhere in the world. Adequate size, not super clean (bathroom). but fine. The pillows are barely there, but becasue it is a king, you get three. Older bed-spread, all in all fine. The location is what you are paying for. After another night here, we found Gus and asked for our coupons. He had &quot;forgotten&quot; and wrote out breakfast coupons, only we were leaving early the next day and could not use them...we tried to give them to another couple...but the hotel informed us that they were not transferable. ...sigh... On the second day here our room was not made up after returning from a day out. I had to phone down for towles and shampoo.. They only sent up one bath and one had towel...we had to call again. If you want a hotel that basically is self-serve...this is your hotel....if you don't have to deal with mangement...we got some fruit sent up as an apology...then this hotel will be fine for you. However, this company does not want to go out of its' way for the client. If you give up....you will not get far here. I have stayed in Novotel in Ottawa, and it was fine...never this company again though.There are so many more hotels in this price range right in the same area. Hope you have a better expience than we did if you have chosen this hotel...stand your ground is our best advise...It should not get to that extent....they need to work at better custemer appreciation.	
Nov 17 2006 	Great place fantastic location	We have just returned from a 5 day holiday to New York. The Novotel had overbooked themselves and we could not check in upon arrival (tired after a long journey)...despite having booked (&amp; paid!) many months before. However, the staff was great...they gave us 10 USD for a cab and transferred us to a similar-standard hotel 2 blocks away for the first night (we kept the tenner and walked). They made up for this, by giving us the best room ever the next day: 32nd floor with full view of Times Sq. This had to be the best view in NYC...They also gave us one night's refund and a free breakfast, which was good and plentiful. The location is second to none, with Times Sq, Empire State, Rockefeller centre,Central park and major shows all in walking distance. Also, departure point for Gray's hop-on/hop-off sightseeing tours is very close, so you will be sure to get the best seat on the bus! Waiting times at reception were a bit long, but most staff were very nice and helpful. Room was comfy and clean, with big TV and good bathoom. We would definitely recommend staying at the Novotel! Try to get a room no. ending in 03 or 04 on a high floor to get the amazing view.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great location	This hotel is ideally situated on Times Square with some great night views from the lobby ,restaurant and bar which start on the 7th floor.Rooms are large with good facilities but be sure to ask for a view over the square. Air con is off in October whiich was irritating as it was quite warm during our visit. With the windows open at night it was noisy but atmospheric with the sounds of New York 22 floors below. The restaurant was interesting with moderately priced food(for a hotel) but very expensive drinks. Service varied from good to poor.A reduced tip to reflect this was met with abuse.Stand your ground! On the ground floor outside the hotel an excellent small cafe offered breakfasts at half the price.Also there are only two lifts to the lobby on 7th floor which often lead to long queues as one was always out of order. Air France staff also seemed to get priority! This Spoiled what could have been a very good hotel	
Nov 1 2006 	Stay here!!!	I recently stayed here for 4 nights with my mum and sister. We booked on the basis of the reviews here and weren't disappointed. I have been to NYC twice before and this was easily the best hotel I'd stayed in. The location is everything. Its so easy to access most places in midtown on foot from the hotel and the subway line for Southferry (Statue of Liberty) is 2 blocks away at 50th St.Our room (922) was in need of a bit of sprucing up but it was very clean and that is the main thing. The bathroom was large and spotlessly clean. Our bedroom had 2 double beds and there was ample space for all our luggage and additional purchases. Having an in room safe was an added bonus. No tea and coffee making facilities though.One night we ate in Cafe Nicole and were very pleasantly surprised. The portions were huge and the food was fresh, well cooked and good value for money. It was great to eat our meal with such a fantastic view over Times Square. Beware that prices for a bottle of wine are not advertised and when we got our bill found out that a bottle of the house red was $35. We did have a glass of wine in the bar the following night and it was a large glass for $8, much better value for money.Recommendations for a good place for breakfast in Manhattan is the Tick Tock diner, located at the New Yorker hotel on 8th Ave and W34th. I have eaten breakfast there on all my visits to NY and would keep going back. Excellent pancakes.	
Oct 31 2006	Excellent location and price	Just returned from a long weekend in New York and stayed in the Novatel, Times Square.Highly recommend this hotel due to its excellent location, value for money and quality rooms. The hotel is walking distance to Rockerfeller Centre, 5th Avenue, St Patricks Cathedral, Central Park, bus stop for the open top bus tours, Saks and theatre district.When you arrive do not be put off by the entrance off the main street. There is a lift to the lobby on the first floor which is beautiful. Although I recommend not drinking or eating in the hotel as we found it to be exceptionally expensive.The rooms were relatively spacious, we had four to a room (two double beds) and it was manageable. Highly recommend for value for money	
