	Quiet Haven Amidst the Noise	We celebrated our wedding anniversary with a trip into NYC and enjoyed the quiet of the Ritz Carlton. Our room was on 6th Avenue, but we were able to see Central Park. The room was spacious, spotless and serene. The service is impeccable. This hotel is highly recommended!	
Nov 5 2009 	Finest hotel in Manhattan	Yes, the nightly rates are more than many people pay a month for rent- but you get what you pay for. The expedia special rate with the club lounge access was especially appreciated. At many hotels a club lounge means some pretzels and cheap chardonnay. At the Ritz, it entails five different food and drink servings a day, all of which are arguably as good as any restaurant in the city. Every detail is absolutely perfect. How about a hotel that gives you a wood shoe box to leave your shoes outside the room door at the end of the day (in one case for me, at 1 am) and the next morning by 7am your shoes are returned polished and shined, complimentary? That's no exaggeration, and probably the most succinct example of what sets this hotel apart. And how about getting on the elevator to go to your room, and one day standing beside the prime minister of Pakistan; then the next day standing beside a very well known hollywood star? No trips out needed to see the famous folks when you are &quot;in residence&quot; at the Ritz... I will have to save more for all my future NYC trips, because after staying here there is no way to go anywhere else.	
Nov 4 2009 	spot on but punchy!	Stayed 2 nights for business (and had also booked for a client)Very very nice - courteous at check-in, helpful in getting adapters (and toothpaste) up to the room immediately. It happened to be my birthday - when I was IDd the bartender notice, and as I was having a beer she later came out with 5 mini-cakes - really nice touch! Door staff can be a bit off - I was walking in wearing jeans and the guy clearly thought i shouldn't be going in! Ate at the restaurant... delicious. Excellent (US-sized!) portions, $230 for 2 people, 4 courses, no bottles of wine but a couple of glasses... This hotel is pricey, of course it is, but it v v nice and a nice treat. Also a great location, but since it rained non-stop, I didn't make it into the park... this time....	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Location!	Fab hotel - fab location... You can't beat the location - accross from Central Park - Awesome staff, etc...	
Oct 5 2009 	Very nice staff	Our stay was enjoyable. We stayed at 21st floor, so it was pretty quiet, especially with windows closed. AC is a bit loud on normal, but quite bearable on &quot;low&quot; setting. All the services and 'honor bar' are a bit too expensive (think $75 for a half-bottle of veuve clicquot, $3.5 for a bottle of ritz-branded water which tasted as tap water, or $7 for small perrier).	
Aug 26 2009 	Faultless and much improved	We stayed here again for 4 nights in a Club level Park View room - we were upgraded from a city view room, which was great. Perhaps it was due to the recession that the hotel was noticeably empty, which worked in our favour and meant that every need was attended to very quickly. The hotel also seemed much less frenetic and friendly. The food in the Club Level is superb and plentiful and it meant that our family ate there for every meal, which actually saves money in the long run. They have made the club lounge concierges redundant which does mean that the club is mostly managed by the on duty waiters which can be a bit annoying but all in all would never stay anywhere else in NY!!	
Aug 17 2009	I Love this place	I stayed here with my sister for her 50th birthday. The staff were wonderful, the room was beautiful, although we had no view, and the location was just perfect. There was no restaurant when we were there, although they did have room service. Everyone from the doorman to the bartender were outstanding, friendly and ridiculously helpful. I would make this my &quot;staying in New York&quot; hotel if it wasn't just quite so expensive.	
Jul 26 2009	One of New York's Finest	I treated my mother to a quick one-night stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park in April 2009. Having previously stayed at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park, I was confident that the Central Park Ritz property would meet both my high expectations and discriminating taste. I was apprehensive about having to book an interior-view room (this is the only room type that supplies double beds by request), but we spent so little time in the room that the view (or lack thereof) was a nonissue. The hotel embodies a refined, tasteful combination of luxury and unpretentious elegance. It was readily apparent that everything from the silk upholstered walls and lush linens, to the lavish bath and Frédéric Fekkai amenities had been carefully chosen with the comfort and contentment of the guest as the hotel’s utmost priority. Service was also impeccable. My mother and I were greeted courteously (and, of course, by name) by every staff member we encountered throughout our stay and most staff members were kind enough to remember my birthday. In fact, upon returning to our room from the Gershwin Theatre, my mother and I were pleased to find the beds turned down, soft, tasteful music playing in our room, and a lovely plate of chocolate-covered strawberries accompanied by a birthday greeting from the General Manager.We were fortunate to enjoy a nearly flawless stay and are eager to return. A few tips:For breakfast or brunch, venture outside the hotel to Sarabeth’s (two doors down from the hotel). The food is exquisite and the location can’t be beat!Try the Cupcake Tea in the Star Lounge. For a mere $30 per person, you can sample 6 miniature cupcakes and a nice cup of tea. It may sound a bit pricy, but the experience is well worth it.Don’t forget to have at least $100.00 in small bills (fives, tens, and twenties) available for tipping on the first and last day of your stay (for valet, doorman, bellman, concierge, housekeeping, etc) and approximately $50 per day available for tipping throughout the rest of your stay (for concierge, doorman, room service, housekeeping, etc.).	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent	Excellent location. Excellent staff members who remember your name each time you enter or exit the hotel. The presentation in Club lounge meets and exceeds all other hotels. Cannot say enough good things about this recent stay...That is why the Ritz is the Ritz.. You get what you pay for.....Will return again and again	
Jun 22 2009 	Not really for kids but the Ritz rocked anyway!	I spent a week here with my 5 &amp; 7 year old and had a blast. The hotel was absolutely gorgeous but not exactly the most kid-friendly Ritz we've been to. The lobby is very sophisticated and the crowd is elegantly dressed/power NY. I wasn't very comfortable hanging out there with my kids in the late afternoons between sightseeing and dinner.However, with that said, the hotel really went out of their way to take extra special care of them. When we arrived, the kids received stuffed horses and there were cookies left in our room that evening. Also, after we attended Mary Poppins on Broadway, we returned to our room to find the soundtrack playing for us as a complimentary keepsake. The hotel room was extremely spacious, and absolutely gorgeous. The in-room amenities were top-notch. The service was impeccable. The food was delicious but extremely expensive (but of course, it's the Ritz, Central Park). The doormen were fabulous. We had a blast there.	
Jun 8 2009 	Wow	Amazing Stay and an even amazing service. I went to SFO and on my return, I was supposed to be in NYC only for some time. THey offered me a complimentary usage of Toilet and I refreshed myself, without any charge for the day. Service and Rooms are very good.The proximity to the important locations is also very close and if you go for a morning walks, they take special care for you while you are heading out or coming back - Provide you water, fruit etc.A real home away from home.	
Jun 7 2009 	The absolute finest in NYC	Over the years, I have stayed in many of New York's most expensive hotels. While there are many exceptionally strong hotels, the Ritz Central Park South, continues to be my favorite. First off, the location is supurb, nice walks to the park, shopping and transportation. The hotel itself is very elegant as it is romantic (unless I am alone for work). The lobby bar area is one of my favorites as is the food at this ritz. Rooms and service and top notch. Even the cheap rooms are very comfortable.	
May 26 2009 	Surprisingly kid friendly	Chose to stay here because of its location away from the main hustle and bustle of NYC tourism since we were travelling with our 1 year old. The doormen treated her like a queen and never minded her constant waving to them. We aslo received outlet covers and baby shampoo etc... I even walked down to the spa with her to check it out and the girls there gave her a coloring book and crayons and encouraged her to play with the exercise balls. A member of the food services even handed her a cheese stick as he was walking by her outside the restaurant. How your children are welcomed is a big deal to parents and the staff here out did themselves. As for adults the concierge was OK, but redeemed themselves in our eyes by recommending a terrific pizza place that delivers.	
May 21 2009 	amazing 1 nyt in NYC bcoz of RC-Central Park!	though i just stayed for a night, i had the most fab experience of NYC, to start off with this elegantly situated Ritz-Carlton Hotel facing central park! polite and friendly doormen, professional front desk officers and well-trained staff escorted me to my room and give me a brief orientation since i am new to the city. room is amazing, i have partial park view and other side facing a beautiful residences. bed is heaven - signature of the brand! A bit costly for one nighter yet value is worth it! though i wish i could stay longer but i was told the hotel is booked up and have to check-out at noon but they offer me an option to use the spa if i want to freshen up and offered to store my luggage so i could enjoy the city a bit more - that's a real service!	
May 17 2009 	Perfect: They seek to go above and beyond	The location is great; right at entrance to Central Park. The service/staff simply can not be better. After over 2,000,000 miles and over 1000 nights of overnight travel, with stays at about a dozen Ritz Carlton's, I would say that from a professionalism and service standpoint, this is the best one. It is what their Palm Beach location was 13 years ago. It is hard to imagine how this property can improve.	
May 2 2009 	Best Hotel in NYC - BAR NONE!	We stayed for four nights (my wife and I) at the Ritz Carlton, and had one of the best hotel experiences ever, and certainly the best we have had in Nyc. My main purpose was to attend a series of business meetings and functions, several of which were held in the hotel. All of the business meetings were superbly arranged by the hotel staff. The rooms had adequate supplies, pens, outlets, light, air, and space, and the breakfast and lunch set ups were better than most restaurants. The lunch set up (for a break in our meetings) had everything was curry chicken on croisants to mozzarella and tomato salad. In addition, there was always at least two people on standby near the meetings rooms in case we needed anything.The rooms, of course, are not huge -- but then again not much is large in NYC -- but we had a partial view of central park, a large and comfortable bathroom, and great amenities. The only suggestion I would make is for the hotel to upgrade its rooms to add iPod jacks for playing your music; instead, we found a 1990's Bose sound system with a CD player (note to the Ritz -- no one has CD's anymore!). Other than that, the flat screen tv and the comfortable bed made for a very relaxing (despite the stress of business) stay. I suggest you get access to the Club level, where you have drinks and appetizers virtually all day.	
May 1 2009 	One of the top hotels I've stayed in - ever!	I don't often write reviews, but I felt the need to share my experience at the RC Central Park. In a word, this hotel is amazing. I've stayed at the Four Seasons, St. Regis, and Peninsula in NYC and this one tops them all. For starters, the rooms- without question the most beautifully done hotel room I've stayed in anywhere. I believe they've been recently renovated. I was upgraded to a Park View Suite which in addition to an excellent view, was exceptionally clean and had all the little extras that set this apart from other hotels (things like a ring holder, telescope, even collar stays for men's dress shirts- first time I've seen that in a hotel). Also just replaced their tv's with new hd tv's, but a bit of a peeve of mine is these hotels that get these nice new hdtv's yet don't receive any channels in HD- go figure?!Didn't use the concierge much as I was there on business, but the one time I did, things were excellent and answered quickly and professionally. Did eat at the hotel's restaurant- BLT and it was quite good.Had one minor problem with the room's air conditioning but it was quickly addressed with a call to the front desk (took 2 trips actually, but oh well, just a minor hiccup).Overall a great hotel with great rooms in a fantastic location. Highly recommended and will definitely be my hotel of choice the next time I head to NYC.	
Apr 23 2009 	Superb	We had two rooms behind one lockable door which was brilliant with kids. Two bathrooms, tons of room and we could leave bedroom doors open at night. Concierge is best we've come across. Nothing was a problem, and great with getting tables, giving advice etc.Breakfast was delicious if pricey, but hey - it's the Ritz.Front door very attentive, went out of way to get taxis etc.	
Apr 12 2009 	Best hotel in New York!	I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton CP for 8 days, with the purpose of relaxing after a very busy end of the year. Could not have chosen a better place, and intend to go back as soon as possible.The rooms are not very large, but beautifully done and, what is more important to me, the bathrooms are wonderful. Another point that is most important|: the cleanliness.The hotel has the rare quality of being elegant and very discreet at the same time. The staff are friendly and will do anything to make you feel comfortable, without ever being pushy.And last but not least: the best bed ever!	
Mar 28 2009 	Best Hotel in NYC	We are regulars at the Ritz Carlton Central Park seeing as how we love New York! It is without doubt, one of the most expensive hotels in New York along with the Plaza, St. Regis and the Pierre. With an excellant location across from Central Park and situated on the corner of 6th Avenue and 59th Street, this hotel would sound noisy but is NOT AT ALL! We have had rooms with 6th Ave views and Park as well. The rooms are exactly the same but the view of the Park is certainly much nicer! We have also on occasion (this in particular) had Club access, which is nice if you can afford it but certainly not a neccesity. The LaPrairie Spa is great and pricey but worth it! Treatments are great like the Reflexology and 60 minute Skin Caviar Massage. I would strongly recommend it! BLT Market is the new dining room and latest creation of Laurent Tourarndel. It is ok for breakfast and lunch but went for dinner once and would not rush to return. The best restaurants in New York are usually not in hotels. However, the Star Lounge is fantastic for Afternoon Tea. One of the best in the city in my opinion, along with the St Regis' Astor Court. The concierge at the hotel are superb at recommending restaurants and Broadway shows. We like to see 2-3 shows per visit. This particular time we saw Billy Elliot, Radio City Rockette Christmas Spectacular and South Pacifc. They were all WONDERFUL!! We do nothing else but shop during the day, Madison Ave (such as Paul and Shark, Ralph Lauren and Barneys) as well as Fifth (Bergdorf Goodman, Saks, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, etc....) At night, we eat before or after shows. They recommend the best restaurants in the city such as Le Bernardin, Jean Georges (in the Trump International Hotel and Tower), La Grenouille, Adour Alain Ducasse (in the St Regis), Gordon Ramsay (the London Hotel), River Cafe, Bouley, 21 Club, Gramercy Tavern, La Goulue!!! There are so many amazing restaurants for dinner and fun ones for lunch like Fred's at Barneys and BG at Bergdorf Goodman. We go two-three times a year and will keep staying here!!	
Feb 28 2009 	I Finally Found The Best Hotel In New York!	After months of research, my family and I finally decided to stay in the Ritz Carlton on Central Park. We had stayed at the Battery Park location in the past and found it very nice, but removed from shopping (you can take a subway easily but we didn't want to) and the staff were fine, but not really great. We have also stayed at various other hotels in the four or five star category, but usually found that the price/quality ratio was pretty disappointing.It was a landmark birthday for me, so we thought we would try to stay in the RC CP. I am so glad we did. I don't know if it's the recession kicking in, or if it was always done this way, but I felt welcome (really, sincerely welcome) from the second we got out of the car until the second we had to get back in again to go to the airport. We payed a fair room rate for what is probably one of the best locations for a hotel in the entire world, and we had access to the Club Lounge, which in other cities at other Ritz Carlton hotels doesn't mean too much, but here was a real treat - no less because of the gorgeous view of Central Park outside the windows.The rooms were pretty spacious, and best of all, the bathrooms were too. I actually started a forum here called Who has the Best Bathrooms in NYC?, and I am happy to say I found them. Also, the Frederic Fekkai bath products were much appreciated, and didn't smell or feel like mass produced soaps stuffed into &quot;brand name&quot; bottles.The best thing really was the service though, I would have to say. I really felt that if I had a request or needed help, I was helped with no problems or long waits. The entire staff at the Ritz Carlton Central Park deserve a big hug and a raise because these people really know how to do their jobs. Oh - and the room service actually arrives BEFORE the time quoted. We ordered from RS 12 times, and it happened that way every time. Less than 30 minutes. You don't even get that from Four Seasons - and I stay at FS hotels regularly.I loved this hotel, and I can't wait to go back and see if the standards are regular or not.	
Feb 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	Just returned from 5 days at the Ritz and it was wonderful. What really differentiates this hotel is the impeccable service - they really cannot do enough for you and it makes your stay very special. Although it has a wonderful location, beautiful rooms, excellent food, a very knowledgeable concierge, and a fantastic buzz - the best thing about this hotel can be summed up in three words - NORMAN THE BARTENDER. He's had 29 years with the Ritz and is a lovely man - he overheard me wishing my husband a happy birthday and all of a sudden we had glasses of champagne in front of us with beautiful strawberries, and later a chocolate cake with a candle. When we flew home I asked my husband what his most favourite moment was, and he said it was the first evening at the bar with Norman in jovial attendance, wishing him a happy birthday. This is a great hotel - and if you go, see the wonderful Norman.	
Jan 28 2009 	Loved This Hotel.	First of all, I cannot say enough about this hotel. From top to bottom, the service was great, and they know how to take care of guests. It was clean, the rooms were impeccable, and the food was great. The spa is excellent. I love the club room for the club level. I will be back to this hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	A few issues	We stayed here for our anniversary as a family of 4 in December 2008. We have visited NYC 3 times and each trip we have always stayed at Ritz carlton hotels. We tend to visit Westchester R.C and Battery Park R.C, and therefore this was our first time to Central Park. Firstly, the location ,we feel, is absolutely perfect and the best place to be in the city. The hotel lobby is gorgeous and very traditionally furnished, exactly how we expected this hotel to be,especially around the festive season.Our room was ready and waiting but we requested a suite which was granted,although we did have to wait a couple of hours for it to be prepared. We had also paid for club level as an extra which was o.k to retreat and relax in but didn't seem to have the atmosphere and high level of service we have experienced and expected from other Ritz Carltons. It is quite difficult to explain exactly, the negative issues ,but if you travel widely and remain avid guests of this chain, I am sure you will understand the points that I am trying to raise and hopefully they will successfully be addressed. We found one waiter in particular very ignorant and rude who actually replied to us with a grunting noise, when we thanked him for a glass of wine. Other members of staff were o.k but we felt that none of them were actually friendly or very welcoming. And therefore all of this lead to a very unusual atmosphere, which we haven't experienced before, (not only in a club lounge but never ever in a Ritz Carlton club lounge!!)Our personal opinion of the staff was that the reception and concierge employees in the lobby were much more approachable and experienced with guests than the actual club concierge staff in the club lounge.They also chatted and showed an interest in our 2 children, which we felt was very nice and made them feel quite welcome and relaxed. In particular they took a liking to ABRAHAM on concierge who was very approachable and friendly toward them.We did manage to meet and speak with the manager at central park about our disappointments during our stay. He assured us that he would personally make ammendments to improve the club lounge entirely and hoped that we would return again soon.We were honest with him as to whether we would return as guests again and explained that standards in certain areas of the hotel have to be raised to retain the highest levels that the clients of Ritz Carlton are accustomed to. Unfortunately, also prior to checkout we had ordered a transfer to take us to the R.C at Battery Park, which they had forgot about.Then eventually after waiting the vehicle that arrived wasn't big enough for us all and our luggage and therefore another car had to be sent, which meant another delay but also more embarassment for the hotel!!I would like to conclude this review by adding that when a complaint was made staff were very polite and hospitable and immediately wanted to resolve the problem. But as guests, we feel that we shouldn't have to reach this stage and that is why we choose Ritz Carlton, and Central Park is 90% almost there but with just a little something missing.	
Jan 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel - Can't wait to go again	New Year break and our first time in New York. Although we had booked a deluxe without park view we were up-graded to a fantastic large room overlooking Central Park. Wonderful bed (the most comfortable hotel bed ever) nice TV, good quality furniture, lovely toiletries and wonderful bathroom with tub and shower. Heaven.Very friendly and helpful staff. Check out is 12 noon and as we had a late flight they extended our time to 4.00. Is quite expensive but is worth it if you want to make an occasion special.Ditto the last review our beautfiul bedspread spent our entire stay in a canvas bag behind our armchair as well! And we only had one dressing gown which disapeared on the 3rd day. Housekeeping got me another straight away. And if that's the only bad thing I can think of then that's not so bad, is it.Could do with tea and coffee maker in room though.All in all, a lovely hotel, great location, very central and if you have a park view very pretty.	
Jan 3 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Excellent Service	I stayed 5 nights at the Ritz-Carlton Central Park - presidential election week. I had booked a non-view room, but was upgraded without cost to a room overlooking 6th Avenue which I greatly appreciated. I could actually see a sliver of Central Park. If you are a light sleeper - the non-view room might be a better option, however. I noticed some traffic noise although I had the fan on the a/c unit running and this blocked out external noise.I'm not sure what I can add to all of the accolades from previous reviewers. I can say ditto to just about everything. Every staff person I interacted with was excellent and welcoming.The hotel is very beautiful and service is stellar. I especially enjoyed the beautiful Star Lounge although the prices are obscene - $20.00 for a glass of chardonnay - oh well, this is New York and the service and atmosphere are worth it.My room was not cramped, but not as generously proportioned as one would expect from a hotel of this caliber but the richness and beauty of the furnishings were quite wonderful and gave the room a sophisticated but warm and inviting glow. I really enjoyed quiet time in my room to rest and relax. The bathrooms are great - separate shower and tub - beautiful marble and outstanding Frederic Fekkai toiletries. I usually don't notice things like this, but the Fekkai products are amazing.Now for some minor whining on 5 points: 1. My room did not have a coffee maker in the room - arrrgh! This means calling room service, or dressing and going out for a cup of coffee in the morning. 2. Also, after the first night, housekeeping folded the beautiful bedspread and put it in a large canvas bag behind the reading chair. It stayed there for the rest of my visit. I thought this was odd - although not a problem. The bed was made with a very nice down comforter everyday and the linens were excellent. It just seemed odd to have such a beautiful bedspread folded in a bag rather than on the bed so it could be displayed and enjoyed. 3. The room also did not have an iron and ironing board for touch ups.4. Fitness Facility: Really not up to par for a 5-star hotel. It is a very long and narrow room with virtually no windows. There was very little space to do push-ups, crunches, speed rope, drop lunges, etc. It has the usual machines and a few free weights. The locker room is very small and I don't think there was a steam room or sauna. I work out almost daily so I notice things like this.5. No flat screen TVs - the TV in my room wasn't that great - mediocre picture quality although good enough just to watch the news and keep current on election results.Whining complete!Although I was there in early November, the weather was unseasonably warm and I was glad that the A/C worked so well. All whining aside, this is a great hotel in an unbeatable location. Especially for taking the subway. There are multiple lines within a short walk of the hotel. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and I would return.	
Dec 19 2008 	Ideal place	I booked the ritz carlton to stay for the weekend as a birthday trip for my husband, we had a great time here also we were up graded when checking in which made for a nice bonus.Everything about this hotel is luxurious, the rooms the decor the fabrics the bed linens everything! The staff were extemely helpful also we would definately re-book!	
Dec 16 2008 	Top Class	This is a property that delivers on its 5 star promise.  Our room old world luxury but with a very modern finish. I really liked the Bvlgari products in the bathroom. It was a very good size, particularly for New York standards.The concierge and reception staff epitomised professionalism. They did an excellent job arranging a special night for us. Hassan was particularly good. My boyfriend (now fiance!) planned to propose during our stay and, at his request, Hassan arranged Champagne, chocolates and strawberries in the room while we were out. Our favourtie music was playing on our return to the room along with a beautiful arrangement of petals.The next evening we asked for a cab to take us to a restaurant. Instead the hotel provided complimentary use of its Bently.My only small gripe was with breakfast. It is served in the hotel's BLT restaurant which can be accessed by the public via a side entrance. When we arrived to breakfast on Sunday morning it was extremely busy and we were asked if we had a reservation. We did not and we were told we would have to wait 10/15 minutes. I thought it was very unusual that guests of the hotel should require a breakfast reservation. Anyway, we only had to wait 5 minutes and breakfast was very good. This is just something to be aware of.Overall,the hotel delivered on everything I would expect of a 5 star establishment.	
Dec 16 2008 	Robbed by the Ritz	We sat down for a quick breakfast for 2 and the bill came to over $100. You may ask, what did you order??-2 cups of regular coffee ($10 each)-2 cups of OJ ($11 each AND not fresh)-1 bagel with cream chees/lox (~$30) -1 bowl of oatmeal (~$20)We felt absolutely sick after the meal, this was egregious, why would a hotel have a restaurant that overcharges guests during one of the worst economic downturns in history in NYC?!?We would NEVER return to this hotel because of our terrible experience at the restaurant. How short-sighted of the hotel to have such a restaurant and lose future hotel guests!PLEASE do not stay here, the hotel itself is about as good as a Sheraton, the rooms are non-descript and do not feel luxurious. The highlight of the room was the fact that it was clean.	
Nov 21 2008 	delightful	Had a wonderful stay here recently and completely fell in love with the atmosphere and location. I usually stay at the Four Seasons, and was worried I would be dissapointed in the room size and bathroom at the Ritz, but it couldn't have been better. While the ceilings are lower, and the rooms don't have that spectacular architectural feel of the FS, it is a wonderful alternative and offers a much more residential, cozy and warmer atmosphere. Just know that the rooms are quite small, but beautifully detailed. Low ceilings, and a huge armoire holding an outdated television overpowered my room a bit. (I was in a Park View Room. I also viewed a Deluxe Park View Suite, which had a plasma sitting on a console table in the living room, but walking into the suite and seeing the side of the TV is not the right solution) My room was exquisitely detailed with upholstered silk walls and thick mouldings, a truly lovely grey marble bath, and everything immaculately clean. A sublimely comfortable club chair, with a lamp and side table right where you need it make this the kind of hotel room you want to curl up and really live in. The park views are spectacular and you feel like you're staying in an elegant townhouse. The staff definitely works to achieve this friendly atmosphere, and they are clearly trying to be warmer and less rehearsed than Ritz employees have been in the past. Even though, I don't think it's necessary to shake hands with the doorman, who took off his white glove and extended his hand before I made it to the door from the car. Call me a germaphobe, but I think he could have made me feel just as welcome with a smile. Also, each employee gives you his or her name. It takes a little getting used to, and at first could strike some as fishing for tips, but it does enhance the warm almost family atmosphere. An odd detail was the housekeeping cart that was parked in the hallway each night. The first night I thought it was a mistake. But all 3 nights of my stay, there it was, parked within view of my door! Its a shame, because the hallways in the Ritz are probably the most attractive of any hotel in the city. Room service was fast and very good, but I did notice that unlike the FS, there was no felt padding underneath the table cloth, a minor detail, but this hotel is all about the details. Two pointers when booking a room: 1) Absolutely get park view. It is worth it, and you will not have the same experience if you don't. 2) The club is not a must, and the concept is different than other ritz hotels but there are some positives, more on that below.The club lounge itself is on the second floor next to the spa with a door you access with your room key. (you simply pay to add &quot;club access&quot; to any room)  For breakfast in the club, you have to take the elevator down practically to the lobby, so you feel like you need to get dressed up, in which case I'm going out to a restaraunt for a real breakfast. If you don't want to spend the extra money you could have a very nice experience here, and never miss it. Although I will say once inside, it is far more professional and elegant than other Ritz Club lounges. (servers in the lounge are most attentive, and constantly offer to replenish your drinks and snacks, whereas other Ritz lounges have become much more self serve). A very nice touch was the phone call from the club concierge the night before my departure, asking if I needed him to arrange an airport transfer or to print boarding passes. Again, its all in the details. Overall, a wonderful experience. I will definitely be back.	
Nov 2 2008 	Perfect location excellent service	Stayed four nights at the Ritz Carlton (Central Park South) with my 12yo daughter.The location of the Hotel is terrific, at walking distance from 5th Avenue and the shopping area.As soon as we arrived we felt pampered and welcomed by all the personnel, from the doormen to the receptionists (theye even knew my daughter's name!).We had one dedicated person who showed us our room and all the Hotel facilities.Coming from a long flight from Europe we wanted to have room-service dinner.It has been fast, good and accurate.So was the breakfast the morning after.The concierges are a real &quot;treasure&quot;: they suggested us very very good restaurants for our dinners and have been a very good help for everything in NY.The SPA (products La Prairie) is simply luxurious.Only negative note: on our departure day we had a snack at the Hotel Bar and the service was extremely long....Overall this Hotel is a bit expensive, but service, quality of the room and personnel are so good...Would highly recommend it.	
Sep 29 2008 	Probably as close to perfect as you can get	Without a question, the Ritz Carlton is one of the premium hotels in New York City. In contrast to some of the other big hotels in the area, however, the Ritz-Carltons's main entrance on Central Park South is rather inconspicuous and can easily be overlooked (our taxi driver drove right past the first time).The rooms are very spacious and luxuriously equipped. The interiors are designed in a very tasteful, classic fashion and, of course, impeccably clean. The bathrooms are simply stunning (and larger than the bedrooms in some other hotels).The staff are extremely helpful and friendly and make a point in making your stay as comfortable as possible. We arrived on a red-eye flight at about 5 am in the morning and technically would have had to wait until 3 pm for the official check-in time, but they let us check in right away.There were some very minor glitches (not to detract from the 5-star rating, though): the bathtub stopper didn't work (we fixed it ourselves), and the tea water we had ordered from the room service was barely lukewarm when it arrived and hence unsuitable for actually preparing tea. But, oh well, these things can happen sometimes. Even the Ritz-Carlton is just run by humans ;-)The price is in line with the typical &quot;New York price factor&quot;, that is, anywhere else than New York City you can get the same quality hotel for a lot less. Notably, a nightly rate of $595 did not buy us a park view (we had a rather depressing view of the backside of the building with various grimy tubes and vents).If you don't want a bad surprise (of which the hotel scene of New York City has plenty in store) then the Ritz-Carlton is a safe bet that won't disappoint.	
Sep 8 2008 	luxurious (as always)	Stayed here for 2 nights - wonderful as always. Very luxurious hotel, great location (across the street from Central Park). Had a low floor room with a view of the Park - enjoyed watching the horse carriages &amp; the people. Only had 1 night booked, but it was pouring rain when we returned after a Sat matinee, and decided to stay another night. When we got back to the hotel drenched, the doorman greeted us with dry towels, and even dried our umbrella! They were able to not only give us a room, but the same one we had the previous night, even though we had already checked out.All requests (room service, concierge, shoe polishing, etc) handled promptly and courtesly.The rooms are very comfortable - the beds &amp; linens are great - loved the Fredric Frekai (sp?) toiletries.Can't say enough good - it's not cheap (it is NYC), but well worth it!	
Aug 25 2008	Fantastic!	This hotel has a fantastic location, right on Central Park on West 59th Street at 6th Avenue (Avenue of the Americas). Every major designer store is within walking distance as is Bloomingdale's, Barney's, Bergdorf's and Saks. There is a complimentary Bentley Flying Spur with chaffeur at your free disposal to take you anywhere on the island of Manhattan you desire. The Front Desk team was fantastic upon arrival and checkout. The Concierge were extremely helpful in terms of transportation, theatre and dining. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was gorgeous as was the view of the park. The La Prarie Spa was fantastic for a massage and facial. The Club Lounge was a great place to relax after a fast paced day and night. The Star lounge was a beautiful bar . I am not too crazy about BLT Market as I think it is far too casual for the Upper West Side and the Ritz Carlton! It is also very pricey for breakfast!But I would go back in a heartbeat!	
Aug 23 2008 	Excellent Service	Excellent service from the moment my wife and I arrived. The entire staff was very attentive and accommodating. I booked through American Express Platinum Travel and was able to obtain upgrade upon request while checking in. The room was true Ritz Carlton decor. Marble bath with a separate water closet. Original room was shower only with a view of 6th Avenue.Traded back down for a separate shower and tub. Concierge was absolutely great. Abraham gave great suggestions for places to eat and party. He was able to get my wife and I on the list to get in a club called Room Service. He suggested Scalinatella and Remi for dinner (both Italian). Morimoto's on 10th Ave is definitely a must do if you like sushi and Seafood. Also if you like fish and chips A Salt and Battery in Greenwich Village is necessary. They were featured on Bobby Flay's Throwdown. He lost (so what does that tell you). True Brits - past the accents. This hotel is very convient to the subway and directly across the street from Central Park. Fifth Avenue is one block away - most of the shopping stores are within a four block radius. My wife had spa services at La Prairie and absolutely loved it. Her technician was Jaimie (guy). He was highly recommended by the Ritz. She had the 30 min. massage and the Luxe Moisture Indulgence and she raved about it. She said it was the best spa treatment she had ever had and my wife is very well traveled and has had numerous treatments here and abroad. The BLT restaurant was ok. It is very overpriced for what they serve. Having routine breakfasts and brunches at the Ritz Carlton in Buckhead (Atlanta) my expectations were high for this restaurant based on the location and reviews. It didn't overshadow the experience and service from the Ritz. If you are looking for consistency in wonderful service and attentiveness then you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 7 2008 	Luxurious Stay at the Ritz	Beautiful hotel overlooking Central Park. Staff were attentive and friendly and willing to accommodate our request fro early check-in. The room was tastefully decorated and very comfortable - it is nice to have a hotel room in NYC where you aren't tripping over yourself due to lack of space. Toiletries and amenities were luxurious and we enjoyed our stay. We have stayed in the Ritz in other cities where we were disappointed with the experience, but this stay felt like true Ritz hospitality.	
Aug 1 2008	Amazing absolutly superb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	What a great hotel! Right on the Park and walking distance to Madison and Fifth Avenue shops. The rooms are brand new and spacious, the staff superb, my favorite spa in the world! (La Prarie) and the afternoon tea is great, the restaurant is pretty good too.	
Aug 1 2008	It was wonderful	Been here twice and had a different experience from the last it was serberb the food was really good and the rooms were really awesome and had excellent service in the club and out.	
Jul 24 2008 	Very Luxurious	We booked this hotel for 7 nights through British Airways for a cost of around £2400 for 2 adults. Our room was very spacious - we had booked a standard room but I think we were probably given a larger than average room. There was a small lobby area to the room and the bathroom was perhaps the largest I've ever seen! Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, who were fairly consistently excellent (with the exception of one waitress in the Star Lounge who hurried everything and was quite rude). The hotel decor is tasteful, and the relativley small lobby and reception area gives the hotel a personal feel that other five star hotels often lack. My only real complaint is the exorbitant cost of food and drink if you eat in the hotel - other than that, our stay was almost faultless.	
Jul 18 2008 	Incredibly beautiful	Room beautifully decorated, view of Central Park was stunning, bedding was soft and comfortable, shower pressure was great, service was consistently friendly and helpful, internet connection was fast, a/c worked well.The service desk accommodated my request for a particular room and my late checkout request with no problem at all.The (head) concierge and the room cleaner (who told me about her son) were especially friendly and helpful.Thank you for a great stay...	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Experience	Just returned from a great trip to NYC. Spent the first two days at the beach, and the last two nights at the Ritz. From check in to check out, everything was flawless. We arrived early, greeted by name, and offered fresh coffee. We had a room overlooking the park, well laid out, spacious and very comforting. We found the proximity to major attractions a bonus. we basically just scratched the surface, but left fulfilled. We picnicked in the park, went to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building (two blocks) and grabbed some items. The staff at the Ritz were very well mannered and approachable, we felt right at home.Until next time, we look forward to another delightful stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park.	
Jul 16 2008 	Nice Valentine Weekend	My husband took me to New York for a valentine weekend get away. He had it all planned out from hotel, to dinner, shopping and piano concert. We stayed at this Ritz Cartlon with a room the overlooked the park. It was a beautiful traditional hotel and the service was excelent as with all the Ritz Carlton's I have stayed in. The rooms are big and elegant yet comfortable. Great hotel for a wekkend get away.	
Jun 27 2008 	Better than the Ritz?	Just returned from a quick 3 day stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park, Celebrating my wife's 40th birthday and her first visit to NYC.Check in was quick and extremely efficient. We were greeted by name and offered a cold bottle of water, which was appreciated after a long cab ride. We arrived on the red eye from L.A. at around 9:45 and were immediately allowed to check in. Now that may not seem like much to some, but to us, it meant everything and got our trip started off right.The room was very clean and pretty much what one would expect from a Ritz property. This is NYC and one should not expect huge rooms, but it was large enough, spotless and well appointed. Having stayed at 5 star properties/resorts around the U.S. and abroad, they did a very nice job living up to the hype.The location is superb. Across the street from Central Park and in walking distance to just about everywhere as long as you are a walker. We walked to St. Patricks, Rockefeller Plaza and the theater district. Subway stations are within 2 blocks in every direction. There is a really nice Whole Foods Market 2-3 blocks to the west at Colombus Circle where you can pick up the fixings for a nice Central Park picnic lunch.For tour seekers, there is a Grayline bus stop (double decker)right across the street at Central Park So. as well as the Hansom Carriages. The concierge desk was very helpful with tour/admission tickets as well as some great dinner suggestions. We dined at Scalinatellas, a great Italian restaurant with impeccable service and food in a quaint location. We took a 5 minute cab ride and strolled back in about 15 minutes. Great call Abraham. We also dined at Del Frisco's Double Eaglr Steak House, again at the request of the Concierge and were not disappointed. Great atmosphere and a very friendly bar/server staff. Great steak, and very large portions. Definitely a wonderful experience. Again kudos the the RC Concierge staff. Again, at the advice of the concierge, we had a very nice breakfast at the BLT Market, located in the hotel. Great Service and delicious pancakes. I read these reviews and try to extract the pertinent information about the property in question, so as to make an informed decision when I travel and or stay at new locations. In turn, I try to write reviews which are also on point. Don't go to the Ritz if you are worried about spending a few extra dollars. We spent $75 on last minute dry cleaning and the service was fast, the clothes were well handled, pressed and cleaned. This is to be expected and I was appreciative of the service. Don't complain about the use of the Business Center, just ask questions first. It aint free, there is a fee. If you choose not to use it, DON'T.Lastly, we were extended a late check out until 2:00 PM and the Bell Desk held our luggage whicle we went to the most venerable of all locations in NYC, Yankee Stadium. Upon our return, we were offered the use of the roomy bathroom facilities tochange. I would have preferred the use of the shower facilities at the Spa, as most Four Seasons allow, but all in all, this was a great stay and my wife and I offer you much thanks and gratitude.Howard, L.A.	
Jun 21 2008 	six towels what for?	Good location. Having had large company discount I still had to pay 500 USD pp for 1 night for a deluxe room. It was airy, nice bathroom (shower&amp;bath, toilet was separated). The bed was way too soft, the aircon was extremely noisy.In the business centre, 10-min internet costed 10 (!) USD. Ridiculously pricey. The staff was pushy even in US terms. 6 towels for a single placed in the bathroom, simply unnecessary. No breakfast befor 6am even no room service before that time.No amenities, no fruits, water, ect in the room that you would expect from such a hotel (like in Four Seasons).	
Jun 13 2008	Absolutely perfect experience at the Ritz	I have a bad habit of not writing reviews when a hotel experience is perfect, but after referring to the Ritz Central Park in writing two other NY hotel reviews, I realized it's not fair to proclaim how wonderful the Ritz was. The service at every level was absolutely impeccable. Our room was beautiful and comfortable, with every amenity we could want (my only complaint would be the charge for Wi/Fi access; I really think that should come gratis nowadays). The room rate included use of the club floor, where refreshment is served all day long. Really handy, and nice to sit there with views to the park. I don't know how they manage that every single staff member knows your name, but they do. And they really make you feel welcome.	
Jun 9 2008 	Trouble with Gift Certificates	My family and friends for my 60th birthday (Feb. 2008) bought me 15 gift certificates to the Ritz Carlton for the expressed purpose of staying at this hotel. Check in May 24, 2008 and am told these are no longer elligible to used at this property.On the back of this cerificate the hotel is clearly identified as one of the participating hotels in the Ritz program. When they were purchased the only hotel they were intended to be used the Central PArk location. Now what good are they? I can return them and get the money back but what of the original intent? A birthday present lost.Ritx Carlton has lost my business and I want every one to know be careful when purchasing git certificates to this hotel.	
May 22 2008 	Impeccable Service	Having stayed at our share of five star hotels, we were not sure what to expect from the Ritz. We went to Cancun last year and stayed at the Tides. Having had our own personal butler, we did not know if we would find the same level of service here. We were not disappointed! Check in was seamless, we were personally shown to our room. The bottles of water provided with the turn down service was much appreciated. While, the hotel was plush - although our room was a bit small, but probably a good size by New York standards - what stood out was the level of service. The entire staff seemed sincerely gracious and helpful. In fact, my husband got sick from a meal that we had at a surrounding restaurant and the staff came to our rescue. After cleaning up the sink in the restroom, housekeeping would not even accept a gratuity. I had to practically shove the gratuity in her pocket! We utilized the limousine service a couple of times, and the car was always punctual and waiting for us. After checking out, we noticed that there had been a duplicate charge on our bill. When we called the Ritz, they had actually self-audited and corrected the charge themselves!! We were quite impressed with that level of attention to detail. Overall, it was the details that made our stay so memorable. We definitely plan on staying at this Ritz on our next trip to NYC.	
May 20 2008 	Fantastic Stay at the Ritz	We recently booked a 5 night stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park through American Express FH &amp; R progam. Although we did not receive an upgrade at check-in, we were notified of an upgrade the next morning to a lovely room overlooking Central Park. The bedding, bathroom amenities (Frederick Fekkai), towels and service were wonderful. The hotel is well situated for walking to Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue shopping. We loved walking through Central Park and enjoying some quiet time away from the hubbub of the city. Breakfasts were delicious and we were able to take advantage of our &quot;free lunch&quot; amenity by requesting a picnic lunch to go. Friendly doormen as well as efficient front desk and concierge service all added to our very pleasant stay at this lovely hotel.	
May 5 2008	Yes it is	Yes it is a lovely hotel, for New York. Stayed there during a short stay in New York in April 08. The location is difficult to beat... rooms are very comfortable and well equiped, overall a classy hotel. Paying a little more for a view of Central Park is worth it in my opinion.Receptionists and consierge helpful and simely.Have stayed on a prior visit at the St. Regis ... however I find the Ritz Carlton a more interesting place.Did not eat at the hotel	
Apr 16 2008 	The Best of the Best!	Nobody does it better. The Ritz-Carlton Central Park has mastered the perfection of its art. If you can only experience it once, it's worth a life-time of waiting. Thank you Ritz-Carlton.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great rooms and attentive staff	The experience from checking in to out was amazing. The staff was truely there to enhance the luxery experience of the Ritz Carltons already premiere standards. Our room overlooked Centeral Park, the bedding was very comfortable, the room including the bathroom was extrememly clean. Location was key to us for restuarants, shopping, and sightseeing. There was a great deli- grocery store 2 blocks away with wine and beer etc... I cant wait to stay here again. Excellent	
Apr 2 2008 	Great place	Wonderful stay for a family of four. Excellent, sincere service. the prices in the bar are a high, but not unexpected. Our suite was very nice, well appointed and well laid out. All in all, it was actually a bargain as New York goes.	
Mar 8 2008 	Anniversary Vacation To Remember!	This hotel was fabulous! We went for our 10th Anniversary and were treated like royalty. The room was luxurious and the service was above and beyond all expectations. The extra cost was well worth it. The only down side is that we are so spoiled, we don't know if we would be satisfied staying anywhere else in NY!	
Feb 20 2008 	Lives up to the Ritz name	Have stayed here on a number of business trips with my husband. The service and location can't be beat. The rooms are a bit small, and some of them facing the inside shaft have no views whatsoever (keep those blinds closed!) but it is definitely a bastion of plush relaxation from the busy, crowded, smelly streets of New York. And the service is great, I look very young for my age but have never experienced anything but the friendliest and most respectful service from the staff.	
Feb 14 2008 	The best in NYC	The Ritz Carlton Central PS has been by far the very best experience I have had in NYC. My usband and I have been coming to NY once a year for a week for the past 10 years. We ahve tried many 5 star properties but none of then managed to achive such a wonderful combination of location, beautifull room, beautiful bathroom and service.We were upgraded to a prak view room on a low floor (8) but it was more than good enough.. we were just above the tree line but the sensation of space, day light and openness was wonderful.Although I am a travle agent and love to try new properties, I think I have found my home in NYC. If you are considering paying a little extra for the park view.. GO FOR IT !! It worth it.	
Jan 29 2008	The Only Place Stay in NY	My husband took me to New York for my 40th BDay and we stayed at the Ritz Carlton, Central Park. This hotel is hands down the best hotel we have ever encountered. We are well traveled and stay in 4 or 5 star hotels consistently. We have stayed at many Ritz Carltons, but the Central Park location is simply outstanding. The hotel limo picked us up from the airport and upon arrival we were greeted by name and I was wished Happy Birthday from most of the staff. They upgraded our room, had complimentary champagne sent each evening, rose petals covered the bed and champagne and desserts at the restaurants we dined (compliments of the Ritz). The spa is to die for and I was given a bag full of products to take home. There was never a time that we were not greeted by name from the staff and throughout the weekend I was consistently asked if I was enjoying my birthday stay. The room was exceptionally clean and tended to and trust me that coming from me says a lot. The BLT market is fabulous and the hotel bar is fun and a good people watching place. I never wanted to leave and actually teared up when we did. Thanks to the Ritz Carlton Central Park, I was able to enjoy my 40th and feel like royalty. The pampering is never ending. We are already planning a trip back with our entire family and even though it is pricy, we would never stay anywhere else in NY. Go and enjoy!	
Jan 23 2008 	Great location for shopping	My husband and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for 4 days in December. It was a great location for shopping ! The hotel was very busy which meant the lobby bar was always full to bursting and it was difficult to get a table. We had a suite and it was lovely with an incredibly comfy bed and a big, well fitted bathroom. The spa was slightly disappointing - my massage was OK but the waiting area was very small and felt dated. This is definitely a hotel where the location counts for a lot and it's probably best to just use the hotel for sleeping - it's not a place to spend time in its own right.	
Jan 13 2008 	Impressive as you expect for a Ritz	We stayed in December for a business/pleasure trip. We traveled with our 3 year old daughter. The staff was incredibly nice and helpful, especially with her. For example, front lobby staff would watch her while I got stroller, etc ready to get out the door.The rooms do see a little dated for a Ritz, however it was very clean and the housekeeping service was great.We stayed in a room that allowed club level access that had a lot of free perks. I highly recommend booking a room with this access. There was food, drinks (water, soda, wine, tea, etc) out all day. This was great with having our 3 year old along. Very easy to stop in for snack on our way out or way in. Each night was tapas with sushi, cavier, etc. Very high end. We normally eat out when in NYC, however since we had our 3 year old we ate the majority of our meals here.The club access also has a conceirge. They were very helpful and knew our names from the first time we stopped in.I also become sick during the trip and the hotel doctor was fantastic. His office is very close or he will make a house call if you are too sick to travel to him. Fortunately, I had an ear infection so it was easy to stop by his office.We are planning on staying at the Ritz again this week and hope for the same wonderful, welcoming experience.On a side note, we stayed at the Peninsula on our prior trip and while as impressive, I did not find the staff as welcoming and our bill was not correct. It took over an hour to fix and there was another couple at the counter with the same problem.	
Dec 28 2007	Heaven in Central Park	This was the most amazing hotel stay my husband and I could ever imagine. We stayed here using a Gracious Getaway certificate which includes an interior room (no view) and breakfast in the morning.We arrived at the hotel right at 3:00 p.m. and Wenny told us that our room was available, but that they would like to upgrade us to a room overlooking Central Park, complimentary. We had to wait about 15 minutes, so she found us a place in the swanky hotel bar. We drank $19 glasses of pinot noir, and were happily surprised when the hotel paid for them!! The hotel bar was unbelievable, and the staff was better than we could have expected, even for the Ritz. These people know how to treat guests and were just amazing.When we got up to our room on the 22nd floor, we had a breathtaking view of Central Park. The room was gorgeous. We took a bubble bath together in the oversized tub while listening to Tony Bennett Christmas, one of the cds available in the room. The American Breakfast in the morning was delicious. The meal came rolled in on a table and we enjoyed breakfast overlooking Central Park.This was a night to remember and I recommend this hotel above all others I've stayed in New York City.	
Dec 11 2007 	Friendly staff	We stayed at the Central Park Ritz-Carlton the week after Thanksgiving and had a wonderful time.Check-in:Unfortunately, they only had one person at the front desk at the time we checked in, so we had to wait several minutes for him to help us. But the check in process was extremely speedy.Room:We were given an &quot;interior view&quot; Superior Room, which is essentially a window that faces a brick wall. The room was pretty large, compared to other New York hotel rooms I've stayed in. The bathroom was especially spacious and had both a soaking tub and a shower. The bath products were Frederic Fekkai and the toilet even had its own room, which I loved. The bed was extremely comfortable. The only complaint I have about the room is that there was no iron or ironing board.Staff:The housekeeping staff were great! We never saw them, but they visit your room twice a day. Once in the morning for the usual cleaning, then once in the evening for turndown service, complete with chocolates on your pillow! The concierge staff was friendly, though extremely busy. When we went down in the morning, there were three of them all working at full capacity. The doormen are very helpful and anytime you leave the hotel, they tell you to have a wonderful day/night. The only staff that was not friendly was the waitstaff in the lounge bar. She was not very helpful to us when we were looking for a table.Service:Room service was prompt and efficient. The restaurant downstairs is pretty busy and they recommend you have reservations, even for breakfast. We had to use the business center once, but the business concierge was not there, so it was confusing as to how to use it when no one is present. But eventually someone helped us and we didn't get charged for the internet usage or printing.Location:It was lovely to walk out the door each morning and have Central Park right across the street, though the smell of the horses can be a bit overwhelming. There are two subway stops within one block, which made for easy access to any other part of town. It's a short walk to 5th Avenue, which made window shopping a breeze. You just need to plan ahead and leave with plenty of time if you are taking the subway to mid-town for a show.Check-out:Checking out was easy and painless and we were out the door quickly. The doorman was extremely helpful in getting us a cab to the train station.Other:I have heard that the Central Park Ritz has a complimentary Bentley that can be used to take you short distances, but the couple of times we wanted to use it, it was already booked. It is first come, first served.	
Dec 7 2007 	Returning guest ...because it cant get better in NYC!	Once again, top notch! Well worth the money (and its a lot!). Ensure you get a room as high up as possible - stunning views at dawn when with European jetlag you lie awake staring out across the trees! Only draw back is hotel lacks a fine dining 'option' and as such no glam breakfast room either. But space is limited in NYC and this hotel, as far as luxury &amp; location go, is top!	
Nov 19 2007	5 stars	I've stayed at many different Ritz Carlton's now, and I gotta say that I'm most impressed w/ the level of service from their Central Park Staff. My parents who have been married for 35 yrs were celebrating their anniversary this past weekend, and several staff members went out of their way to say a nice word of congratulations to them. I thought that was classy. The club level staff is absolutely stellar, clean rooms, etc... Will definately stay again.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great Service - Small Hotel	I agree with all of positive comments about this hotel in previous reviews. I love Ritz Carlton and do not intend to suggest that this location does not live up to Ritz standards. However, there are some important characteristics of this location that you must be aware of which may or may not be an issue for you.I kind of expect that the staff will bend over backwards for your every need at these prices, and they do. However, that doesn’t mean that they do so for free. They will get you whatever you want, whenever you want it, and charge you 4 times more than anywhere else. I have never appreciated the significance of extraordinary service at extraordinary prices. What impresses me is extraordinary service at moderate prices.I realize that complaining about cost when one is staying at a Ritz is silly, but this Ritz is more costly than any other Ritz I have stayed at. I just want to prepare anyone who is used to paying $15 for a cheeseburger at a typical Ritz for the sticker shock; they are $29 here.Also, I did NOT pay the premium for the Park View. I was in the Superior Room ($995/night) for 5 nights that was supposed to have a courtyard view. A courtyard view here means brick wall. I realize that this was my error, since I could have paid 50% more for a view. So if you don’t want to see a brick wall, pay for the view. Otherwise the rooms are beautiful, comfortable and the bathrooms are huge. I had no problems with noise on the 6th floor.But the prices and lack of view aren’t my real concerns. The reason I would not return to this hotel is that this hotel had virtually no common areas to speak of. The lobby and the adjacent lounge are small by any standards (about 40 chairs). Their is a small bar that is really a common corridor that leads to the hotel's only small restaurant. That's it. The grand tour will take you 3 minutes. It reminds me of a nicely appointed apartment building where there is a small lobby and elevators. So the only thing we used our room for was a home base. When we came in, we went straight to the elevator to our room. When we left, we walked straight outside. There is noting to see or do inside this hotel (they do have a spa and meeting rooms on other floors).The lack of common areas in the hotel may not be a factor for many of you. I realize that many travelers would say that they come to NYC to see the sights, not the hotel. But why can’t you have both? Particularly at these prices. I like my hotels to be destinations unto themselves. If it is raining (like it did one day during my stay) I want an oasis from the storm. Here, there was no place to sit because the chairs in the lounge were full of people escaping the rain.For example, The Plaza is right next door and is about 6 times the size of the Ritz and has large common areas and probably similar levels of service. I can make example after example of nearby hotels that are bigger, but I realize they are not Ritz Carltons. If I had it to do over, I would have stayed at the Marriott Marquis in Time Square, which I realize is a whole different experience in the middle of the hustle and bustle. The bottom line here is that the Ritz is not much of a destination as far as hotels go. The reason to stay here is the great service, Central Park across the street and its proximity to many great attractions.	
Oct 17 2007 	Luxurious and pricey!	We just got back from a fabulous stay at the Ritz Carlton. We were there for the weekend and pulled out all the stops for a 10 year anniversary celebration. My husband coordinated everything through the concierege who could not have been more helpful; cars to and from the airport, helicopter rides, roses, spa appointments, restaurant reservations, show tickets, etc. They were extremely helpful and most everthing exceeded our expectations, great seats for dinner and the show, amazing spa treatments, use of the hotel's Bentley, etc. When one of our actitivites didn't work out and my husband complained about having to take cabs to and from, only to find out it had been canceled, the concierge apologized and reimbursed my husband for everything (including the cabs) immediately and without a fuss.The Ritz was impressive: You are offered champagne and hors d'ouvres while checking in, the person who checks you in shows you to your room, they sent up a little anniversary present and also gave us one at the spa, there's a lovely turn down service, the staff knew our names, we needed to have some clothes pressed and they turned it around in a couple hours, etc., etc. It's right across the street from the carriage rides in Central Park, down the street from the Time Warner center and around the corner for FAO Schwartz, Barney's the rest of Fifth Avenue shopping. The park view deluxe view room we booked was big, traditional and nicely appointed with a huge bathroom. (Although for $1200 a night it would have been nice to have had two arm chairs.) The rooms look as though they were recently redone, ours had a very fresh feel to it. The staff was extremely courteous and accomodating. As I mentioned above, my husband coordinated all our activities through them. However, you are paying for service like this. When we got to our room for the first time, my husband, who is an appropriate, but not overly generous tipper, noted that he had already spent about $100 tips. (We had only been in New York for 2 hours!) (For the entire trip, and, admittedly we had thrown caution to the wind a little bit, we spent at least $500 on tips alone -- and we're not over tippers!!)I received the best massage of my like at the La Prairie spa and also enjoyed a very good facial.Room service is beyond the pale expensive. Breakfast for two was a jaw-dropping $200. Safe your money and have breakfast and the lovely BLT Market off the lobby.Despite being extremely expensive, we'd do it all again. It's a fabulous special occasion treat!	
Oct 12 2007 	Fabulous hotel perfect location but very expensive.	The Ritz Central Park is a beautiful absolutely top notch hotel. It's literally across the street from Central Park, near Times Square, and just blocks from Madison Ave. and wonderful shopping. But it is pricey! We spent 4 nights at the Ritz 10/6-10/10. The first night we had the cheapest room (which was $995 a night!). It was decently sized and beautifully appointed, but a little small given that we were travelling with a toddler who needed a crib. The next three nights we stayed in their smallest suite, which was huge and lavish and wonderful. I am not sure why anyone would need a larger room. It had a completely separate living area (where we put the crib), two bathrooms and a king bedroom. The bedroom was on the interior of the hotel so it didnt have a view, but was very quiet. It was $1595 per night.The living room also stayed amazingly quiet given it faced the Avenue of the America's. It had a partial view of Central Park.The staff was very helpful and attentive and I have nothing but good things to say. They treated our 20 month old with cheer, which was nice at such an expensive hotel.We ate room service for breakfast. We ordered a pot of coffee, one of tea and the chilren's pancakes. This came to $95! Luckily there are about a mllion places very close by (including Mickey Mantle's Sports Bar - great for kids) to eat for much more reasonable prices.If I could afford it, I would always go back and stay at the Ritz.	
Sep 23 2007	Wonderful Experience	Everything was perfect. I have nothing but great memories of my stay. The view, the service, the bed, the bath, the food, the location.	
Sep 22 2007	Exceptional	As a part of a luxury two centre holiday [for our honeymoon] we booked the Rita Carlton via Virgin Holidays. Now we are not seasoned travellers though we do expect to receive a certain high grade service from 5* establishments. The hotel from the outisde looks unimposing when compared to the Plaza, however, it is well situated for Central Park and 5th/6th Aves. This is a smaller but no less luxury hotel which really excels in 1 to 1 customer service. The lobby areas are exquisite as is the lounge and the lifts up to the bedrooms. Upon our arrival we were warmly received and informed that we had been upgraded to a 'park view' room which was very nice. Our stay was for 4 nights and as the hotel is located right at the foot of CEntral Park this makes it an ideal 'base' from which to explore this great city. The room was luxurious and spacious with a superb bathroom. As you'd expect you do also get the added value of thick and comfortable bath robes and toiletries. The room benefited from a large TV, DVD and mini-bar though I would avoid this as the prices are just plane 'silly'! Being British, it is often the small touches that appeal and we especially liked the free shoe shining service and free newspaper [delivered to your door each AM]. The air con was effective and easy to control. The views across the park were outstanding.This IS a luxury hotel and the hotels facilities have prices to match but as you are centrally based in one of the busiest cities in the world, you will probably only spend a limited amount of time in the room. I think because of it relative small size, good location, and 'quirky' feel this will appeal to British tourists looking for something a little more sophisticated and not just a plain travel lodge type affair. The hotel lived up to our expectations.Enjoy!	
Sep 11 2007	Ultimate New York Hotel	My wife and I spent an anniversary here last October, and the experience still resonates with me. We frequent many top hotels and high quality Inns around the world, but the New York Central Park Ritz is most definitely one of the best. Accommodations were wonderful, top notch. I love the security factor at the elevator with the electronic key card elevator access. It made me feel very secure in the Big Apple. Jake, the concierge, was fantastic in getting us reservations at the last minute to Daniel's on Broadway and Nobu, and we were treated very well at these fine establishments. it's evident that the concierge at this hotel has influential pull at the finest restaurants in New York.The location of the Central Park Ritz can't be beat. the view of the fall foliage from our hotel room was breathtaking. The hotel is only a short walk to all the shops on Madison Ave. High Tea service was wonderful. All in all, it was worth the price. Our room was about $750 p/night midweek, plus we tallied over $1K in incidentals, including the la Prier Spa on the premise.Wonderful stay! As k for a suite with views of Central Park!	
Sep 7 2007 	Five Star Disappointment	My husband and I love to travel and love the Ritz Carlton - we pay the premium for what is supposed to be five-star premium service. We had a wedding to attend in NY and we had looked forward to staying at the Ritz NY CP all year. On the first evening, Sat., we stayed in with the DND on the door - housekeeping respectfully left us alone, but left a card stating they had attempted turn down. So far, so good...The next day, Sunday, we again relaxed in our room all day with the DND and left for the wedding around 4 pm. We called housekeeping to tell them we would be leaving so they could take care of our room. We left around 4:10 and removed the DND. We returned to the hotel at 2 am AND THE ROOM HAD NOT BEEN CLEANED - no cleaning, no replacement towels or toiletries, no refreshment of the minibar, no turn down, nothing. Not even a card stating they had attempted to stop by. My husband called the night manager who was apologetic and offered to take &quot;fresh towels&quot; up to us. Since they had about 10 hours to do that, we declined.The next day, Monday, we complained to the assistant manager. Again, very pleasant and apologetic fellow. He stated that housekeeping had noted our DND sign. We said we had called AND removed the DND sign before we left the room around 4 pm. We understand that at a 5-star hotel, they won't enter your room with the sign on, so we are careful to remove it when we are away.He offered to upgrade us and/or give us a discount - we responded that we don't stay at the Ritz to save money, we go to the Ritz to be pampered and taken care of. That's the point. We left to go shopping and as is &quot;normal&quot; our room was cleaned. We then returned and readied ourselves to go out to dinner around 7:30 pm, removing the DND from our door before we left. We returned around midnight. Again - no turn down card. What we had was a voicemail (?!) stating that they had &quot;tried&quot; to give us turn down but that there was a DND on the door. Patently false. If they had bothered to simply walk by the room, they would have seen that.We have stayed at 6 Ritz Carlton hotels, of these - NY and New Orleans (we stayed in 2004) were the worst in terms of service. We were extremely disappointed that there was a complete and total breakdown in service and instead of making sure it did not happen again (or at all), we were blamed - &quot;You had a DND on the door&quot; - for their lack of attention. For 2 nights in a row, a simple walk down the hall would have revealed no DND sign on our door or, alternatively, accurate records by housekeeping noting that our room had not been cleaned/turned down.Since the Ritz is a chain, it has a responsibility to offer its guests consistently excellent service. Average or &quot;Ok&quot; service that we experienced at the Ritz, especially the Ritz NY, which one would rightfully expect to be a bit of a standard bearer, is unacceptable. Given the fact that NYC is full of luxury hotels we have other choices - we won't be returning to the Ritz NY. If you enjoy true luxury travel, we suggest you spend your money elsewhere while in NY. The Ritz NY CP simply is not worth the money.	
Sep 3 2007	Has spoiled me such that I have trouble staying in other hotels.	I have stayed here during most of my visits to NYC since moving away from NYC in '04. I am a native of Brooklyn but have lived in Manhattan for 15 years prior to having to move to the midwest. I return as often as possible. Quite simply, I cannot stay in other hotels. My work takes me to other cities and despite trying to find &quot;the 1st choice&quot; or best hotel, I am always disappointed. The staff at Ritz-Carlton CPS is dedicated, responsible, courteous and attempt to anticipate needs often very successfully.The rooms are spacious (I always stay in Park View), well appointed, in outstanding condition and spotlessly clean. They actually do look like the pictures on the website.The food is very good for hotel food and during my most recent stay they were re-doing the restaurant but still served a full menu in the lobby lounge.The security is outstanding with security staff at the entrance and card entry to both the floor and room a guest is assigned to. The location is perfect for tourists and business travelers as it is centrally located and the staff at the door are very helpful in getting taxi's even at difficult times for catching a cab in NYC. Also, public transportation is nearby.The tea service is wonderful and I adore the clotted creme. A long time ago I developed a habit of requiring &quot;heaps&quot; of clotted creme whenever I have a &quot;creme tea&quot;. Something the Ritz was not initially used to providing but now understands what I mean by &quot;heaps&quot;. The server's for the most part do an excellent job hiding their surprise regarding how much clotted creme one can get on a scone. But they accommodate me and remember from visit to visit my special request for &quot;heaps&quot;.The spa is so peaceful and clean and relaxing. The services are very good. The staff is soothing. And Rachel. She is the most nurturing person I have ever met in a spa and I am a spa junkie. She is like a dotting mother while you are with her and she gives the best pedicure in the whole world. Plus advice not to let anyone else clip your toe nails because she knows no one can do them as well as she can and she is right. Don't miss it. I had to miss her once when she was out ill after she had a fall on the subway but really all I cared about was her well being and not because of the pedicure. She just brings out good will in others. Which again speaks to the special staff at Ritz Carlton CPS. Her pedicure, alas, will also spoil you for any other pedicure because hers is the absolute best.Check-in and out is a breeze. I have never had problems. Special room requests have been met whenever possible and when they weren't the staff tried to make it up for it in some manner.The concierge staff will do anything possible for you. And no matter what celebrity is staying there (and there is usually some celebrity) you will only know it if you happen to see the celebrity entering or exiting or if there is a crowd outside the hotel waiting for a glimpse. But everyone is treated like a celebrity or more accurately all guests are treated the same. I always feel pampered beyond belief. The staff make me feel &quot;special&quot;. However, I am impressed that they do treat everyone alike.Room service is adequate. The food is good and really the only problem is that the food is luke warm by the time it gets served. But the presentation is lovely and they do not make mistakes with the order. The tray or table is collected within minutes of calling them. I have never seen a tray just set outside any guest room waiting to be picked up.Most importantly, I was concerned that in the few years I have been staying at this hotel things would change now that Marriott is the owner. However, not a thing has changed and I hope that Marriott continues to attract the outstanding staff at the Ritz Carlton CPS. Marriott is lucky to have the dedicated professionals they have attracted. It is truly a special hotel. A destination in and of itself in a city with plenty of competition for destinations.	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved!!!!! Ritz Carlton Central Park	My 2 best friends and I stayed here for 4 nights in July. We really love this place! Upon check in we were greeted by Ender who is fabulous. We then were escorted to the Club lounge as our room wasn't ready. We frequented the lounge several times during our stay and always loved the services of Kahn, he's so attentive and helpful. At the door we would always get a &quot;good morning&quot; form Felix, and an umbrella when it rained. We loved the concierge George, who helped us out on rainy days!The rooms were awesome and of course the bathrooms were to die for.Upon our departure, the club lounge fixed us a &quot;to go&quot; box to eat lunch at the airport.I highly recommend this marvelous hotel.	
Jul 27 2007 	A very special experience-cannot wait to return!!	What an exceptional stay this was. I had a terrible experience with one Ritz Carlton, and a disappointing experience with another one. I figured either &quot;three strikes and you're out&quot; or &quot;the third time is the charm.&quot; I am glad to say this was absolute charm from start to finish! This is a gorgeous hotel, and unlike some other reviewers, no one in the lobby seemed to care that I was dressed in sweats when I arrived. In fact, despite the fact that there was a mix-up (not their fault) with my reservation, they promptly accommodated me with a park-view room at 11am. A delightful surprise. Similarly, when I was heading out to dinner (around 5:30 on a Saturday night) and asked the bellman for the use of the hotel's Bentley, he promptly called the driver over and he drove me right to my restaurant. No waiting, no hassle, nice conversation, and a wonderfully comfortable ride!Shannon and Rosa at the front desk are lovely. They could not have made my arrival any nicer. Shannon escorted me upstairs, stopping along the way to show me the spa and the club lounge. It was wonderful. The room itself was beautiful, and huge! I absolutely loved every aspect of it. Others have mentioned the comfortable beds and Fekkai bath products. I concur. . .they are all wonderful. The slippers actually fit--a nice change of pace!! I returned to my room after lunch and an afternoon of shopping to find a cd in my room from the show I had seen the night before. With it was a note to please enjoy the cd as a gift from the hotel and a reminder of my trip to the city. It's that extra touch that makes the difference. Similarly, I mentioned to the concierge in the club lounge that I really wanted to know how the last Harry Potter book ended (I was in town the weekend it released), and he promptly produced one for me to read while I was there. Talk about resourceful!!I also took advantage of the La Prairie day spa, at which they promptly accommodated me with a same-day appointment. My facial with Mary was exceptional, and the reception staff were outstanding.Overall, although expensive, I think this hotel is worth every penny. I am definitely looking forward to the time when they reopen their restaurant, and cannot wait for my return trip next year!!thanks for a wonderful weekend in the park! I will most certainly be back!	
Jun 25 2007 	Certainly one of the best!	We stayed in the Ritz-Carlton for our wedding anniversary with some special requests. Although the hotel could not guarantee these requests on beforehand (like room 2214, give it a try!), we discovered upon arrival they had made some special preparations (like champagne in the room and a very friendly and personal card) and granted all of our wishes. Service was excellent throughout our stay - from doorman to reception to room service. This is really a top hotel and certainly one of the best we visited so far world wide. Enjoy the wonderful view from the upper floors!	
Jun 5 2007	Other Ritz properties can learn from this one.	Past Ritz's I used were Amelia Island, SanFran, and Palm Beach and to date, the Ritz has been good, but NOT Four Seasons quality. The Ritz Central Park however is a pleasant surprise and management at other Ritz's would do themselves good to visit this place. ************************************ *PRE-ARRIVAL: NO problems on the phone and concierge was fine reserving a sedan from Penn Station. *LOCATION: Took 25 mins from Penn Station, and it's right on Central Park. Close to Times Square and Broadway in a more subdued part of town. *CHECK-IN: GREAT. Wonderful greetings and bags are taken within 60 seconds. Front desk was expecting us by name. They had suites and wouldn't upgrade me, but all was well and they escorted us to the room. *LOBBY: Lovely, typical Ritz. Lovely decor, floral arrangements, lounge area and kind of a sanctuary in NYC. *ROOM: Park View room. 450 square feet, and the pic on their website is very accurate. Very comfortable bed, typical high thread count sheets and good pillows. Surprisingly the air conditioning was almost of proper strength for IMO, you should be able to sleep comfortably with a blanket. There was decent lighting in the room and the view of Central Pk was lovely. I suggest not being lower than 11th floor for this. Nice marble bathroom with upscale toiletries, robes, and seperate shower. The water pressure was LOW and erratic throughout a shower. Sometimes I think hotels are using the recent enviro-fashion to skimp. Sure we can make adjustments, but decent water pressure shouldn't be outlawed either. *SERVICE: Everyone was friendly and great. Phones, room service, concierge. The concierge IS helpful and goes beyond merely making you a reservation, or looking things up in Zagat that you already know. *HOUSEKEEPING: No problems. Just what you'd expect at a Ritz. *ROOM SERVICE: We ordered it once and the delivery was prompt, friendly, accurate, and warm. Food was good. *DINING: We ate in the lounge which doubled as restaurant as they remodel. I'm a comfort-food guy and SURPRISINGLY, the food was marvelous. 3 mini burgers were great, fries were hot and crisp, service was perfect. Next table ordered a type of garlic pasta and just from the smell I could tell it was well prepared. *WORKOUT: I forgot to use this as I usually do. But I'm sure it's nice. The burgers sure were :) Enjoy, and safe travels to all of you.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great but....	We stayed here before our wedding for a long-weekend May 2007.This is a strange one. Yes it a top-notch highly sophisticated, high-brow establishment, yes the staff are very professional, yes the rooms are amazing with beautifull furnishings, marble floors and telescopes so you can bird watch into Central Park. However for us there was something missing, the feeling that we could relax.Not the fault of the hotel itself but i have never felt quite so threatened as when we entered the lobby of the Ritz Carlton, dressed in tracksuits after 23 hours of travel to be greeted by the looks of other guests that shall we say were not exactly welcoming. That left a lasting impression that when combined with the general atmosphere of the place meant we did not feel like we were able to relax.Yes the rooms are spotless with due attention to small details, the bathrooms are particulalry impressive with marble flooring and gold decor, yes the staff remember your name,smile and tell you the weather-forecast for the day as you leave in the morning but how sincere it all is and how long it lasts depends on how much money they think you'll spend.We were too afraid to eat in the hotel given some of the other guests but i will say our request to have breakfast in bed on our last night was left hanging on our door even though a newspaper had been delivered and the sign would have been clearly visible. It 's about $37 dollars for a Brandy and coke from your mini-bar so bring lots of cash folks.And no review would be complete without pointing out the views over Central Park, and the relative peace and quiet you get staying here as opposed to the many more centrally located hotels elsewhere around Times Square and the like.To conclude come here if you want to impress and put on a show of materialism and wealth, say for a wedding anniversary . If you just want to chill out and need a base to explore what is a truely amazing city then save some cash and set-down elsewhere.	
May 27 2007 	Out of this World	Our daughter gave us an elegant retreat to any Ritz, we picked the Central Park location. Now, we are spoiled when in NYC.The service goes beyond any New York properties, we have ever stayed in. We had access to the Club lounge, the food was so good, we didn't want to miss any presentations. The conciergeintroduces you to the Club, on the way to your room. When we entered the first time, it was quite impressive when they called us by our names. We happened to mention we were in the city for Mary Poppins, when we came back into our room, the same concierge had the soundtrack playing, and told us to take it home, as a memento of our stay there. Again, quite impressive. The room was incredibly clean. The mattress was very comfortable, best of any hotel. Everyone speaks to you, and asks about your stay. My hair was the best ever, even in the humidity, due to the Frederic Fekkai toiletries. My stay there in NYC made me feel like a queen! I cannot wait to return!	
May 10 2007	Missed it by "very much"	I paid $895 for a standard room on the third floor looking at 7th Ave. I understood that from the reservationist, so I wasn't surprised or dissappointed. Being in the hotel business, I am not use to spending money to stay at hotels, but I figured it's The Ritz and I didn't have a connection. The arrival experience was fine, but it was very very in my face. I was out of breath by the time I got to my room. It was all down hill from there. There was a light out in the bathroom (no big deal) and it took 4 times to get it fixed (big deal) and it didn't get fixed until I was checking out. It was the main light so I couldn't see when I needed to shave and that was a problem because I cut myself and bleed on my only white shirt. There was three inches of dust on the picture frames over the bed. There was chipped paint on my chair and chipped paint all over the walls. I only had two pillows in the entire room and they were horrible. The bed wasn't even close to The Algonquin Bed or The W bed. The sheets weren't even close either. The service in the lobby was flat and I had to get up to get the waitresses attention. It took 45 minutes for me to get an appetizer and when I received it, it was terrible. Every time I walked in I heard the bellmen and doormen speaking about their personnal lifes. One person is having problems with his wife and the other had chicken soup for lunch. I don't usually care about this kind of stuff, but I was there to review what it's like to stay at the &quot;best hotel in NYC&quot;, it wasn't good. I stayed in The Ritz in Orlando and it was amazing. Great service when you needed it and when you didn't they were gone. The cleaniness of the rooms was amazing--favoriate hotel in the world.The Ritz in NY is not worth the money--trust me. There are many great boutique hotels in NY that are half the money. Really wanted this to be a great review. Sorry.	
Apr 6 2007 	Perfect Stay!	I have stayed at many Ritz Carlton Hotels, and this is the nicest one by far. My husband and I took our two sons, 13 and 9, here for Spring Break. The location is fantastic- right at Central Park's ice rink, a block from 5th Avenue shopping, close to Broadway...Our suite was not ready when we arrived. The front desk staff assured us it would be ready in 20 minutes and offered all 4 of us a complimentary lunch in the lounge. The food was delicious, a harpist was playing, and we enjoyed relaxing in the beautiful room.Our room was ready as promised by the time we finished our lunch.We stayed in a Deluxe Park View Suite. It was very pricey but absolutely worth it. The suite was impeccably clean and our housekeping service was perfect. My husband asked for a few extra shampoo bottles, and she left over 15 extra bottles for him! A nice plate of cookies and drinks were sent to our boys compliments of the manager.The view of Central Park was mesmerizing. We could even see the ice skaters! It had 2 large, fabulous marble bathrooms. The bed was the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. The room actually reminded me more of an apartment than a hotel room.Same with the feeling of the entire hotel. We felt like it was our home. The Club Lounge is a must. Six different food presentations daily-of the highest quality. The concierge was fabulous here!The hotel has its own Bentley that will drive you to a nearby restaurant or Broadway show. We were lucky to ride in it twice- compliments of the hotel! We felt like royalty.I don't have a single complaint about this hotel. I can't wait to stay here again. It is expensive, but worth it!	
Mar 1 2007 	Best hotel service I've ever experienced	Organised a last-minute stay here with husband and our five year old, during THAT snowy week in Manhattan. From the moment we stepped out of the cab, someone, somehow, knew who we were and we were warmly and kindly greeted . Within half an hour of arrival, a lovely team member knocked on the door with toys and box of chocolates for our daugher (it was Valentine's Day next day). Room and bathroom was extremely comfortable. well equipped and well presented. Surprisingly child-friendly hotel! Would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone with young children.	
Feb 28 2007 	Superb! Small 	I stayed here with my wife and three children (18,16,12yrs) for our anniversary. We got a great deal on an Avenue Suite which accomodated us all (including two bathrooms.) We stayed for 4 nights from Feb 18th-22nd 2007.First impressions: the hotel is very private. The lobby is small but opulent and the bar is awesome although we stayed at club level. Club level is definitely worth the $50 per day. You get six food presentations and drinks (the Hildon water is particularly nice.) The quality of the food is excellent and especially the desserts! There is a great conciege called Hatsumi - she is really cool and helpful.The rooms are great. And Frédéric Fekkai toiletries are stocked as standard. The service is really excellent.We have frequented other Ritz-Carltons around the world. This one is definitely different. Much smaller and less ostentatious.Also the gym is well appointed.Overall, you will get what you expect from a five star hotel!They do go out of their way to accomodate you.	
Jan 30 2007	Fabulous Weekend	We just returned from a weekend stay at the Ritz Carlton Central Park. The service we received was amazing. From the champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to the cd from the play we had seen that day, the guest services department went above and beyond. Our parkview room was superb. The room was comfortable and elegant and the Frederic Fekkai bath products were wonderful. It was great waking up to the view of central park and seeing the ice skaters on the rink. The horse and carriages were lined up outside the hotel (across the street). It was a truly special scene. I highly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend or any time. I can't wait to go back!	
Jan 14 2007 	TOP NOTCH!!	I can not say enough about this hotel. I have stayed at many other Ritz Carltons but this one, by far, surpassed them all. The level of service is beyond outstanding. The staff, from bellman to front desk, to guest relations, could not do enough. As soon as myself and my 8 year old daughter checked in everyone greeeted us by name. I don't know how they all knew us literally right after check in, but they did. We booked a deluxe rm with the American Girl VIP package. (If you have a daughter you probably know American Girl). There are a bunch of added amenities with this package. Guest Relations called me 3 days ahead of time to find out what kinds of things my daughter likes. When we got to our room (which by the way they had upgraded us to a large suite) there was all kinds of presents waiting there for my daughter. She was so happy! The room was immaculate! Room service was prompt, accurate, hot and delicious. It is worth every single penny!!!!	
Jan 2 2007 	A true GEM!	I have stayed at the Ritz on Central Park twice, both times have been a fabulous experience. Friendly staff, very helpful and attentive. Great room, comfy bed and love the Frederick Fekkai toiletries!	
Nov 29 2006 	New York's finest hotel	This is the best hotel in New York - over the years i have stayed in many for business and pleasure, but if you are spending your own money and want value and a lovely place to stay, this is the place.We had a park view room and waking up was a pleasure. indeed the curtains were never shut.What sets this hotel apart is the location and the extra amenities - the bar is one of the best in NY and the concierge can't help enough and it's all done unintrusively.	
Nov 13 2006 	Too many mistake for a Ritz Carlton	My wife and I just returned from a weekend stay at the Ritz Central Park. We requested and recieved a park view room on the 10th floor. The room was great and the view was worth the extra expense. At first we were impressed with the attentive staff and the overall ambience of the hotel. We requested tickets for a sold out show and the concierge came through albeit at a significant premium. The stay would have been prefect if not for three problems. First, the only belt I took was missing after the housekeeping staff cleaned the room. We looked everywhere but the belt never appeared. We certainly do not think it was stolen but feel that it was gathered up in the linens and mistakenly taken from the room. We reported this to the front desk and so far they have not found it. We requested dinner reservations at a new restaurant on the hotel's recommended list. The conciere desk printed out a confirmation which included an address for restaurant. Infortunatley, the address was incorrect and we did not realize it until our taxi had dropped us off and left. We finally made it to dinner 45 mintutes late and our table was gone. The next morning before leaving for the airport, I pointed out the problem to the concierge. While he was apologetic and expressed a desire to compensate us for the mistake, he did not offer to do anythihg. I would have thought he would have offered to take us to the airport in the hotel car. Finally at check out, a bar tab that was not our charge was on our bill. GIven the price of the room, (over $1000 a night) three significant mistakes in two days is not acceptable and not up to the standard of a Ritz Carlton.	
Oct 30 2006 	Lovely Visit	An absolutely lovely hotel. The only thing lacking was the view, but that was due to budgetary constraints. Simply out of curiosity I looked at a suite that overlooked the park, but the rack rate for that room had way too many zeros in it. However, if one has the means, I'd definitely recommend it. An incredible view from a room with beautiful millwork and all the comforts that made this midwestern kid wish, for just a moment, that he was Gordon Gekko so that he could enjoy such a room. This hotel truly made my stay in NYC sooo magnificent. We were originally staying at the Ritz in Battery Park, but didn't care for the location or hotel so we moved to Central Park. The staff was attentive, security is great, location works well for business, restaurants, entertainment, sightseeing and shopping. The only odd thing was the paparazzi constantly hanging around outside of the main entrance. I found them irritating, and I'm not even famous. The room was extremely comfortable, quiet, clean and traditional with a beautiful marble clad bathroom. I look forward to returning.	
Oct 15 2006 	Nice trip to New York	My wife and I took a trip without the kids and needed a great location - the Ritz Carlton delivered that. Very courteous and professional service from the front desk to the bar. Rooms were not huge but very well approinted, especially the bathrooms. The lobby was elegant. The beds were extremely comfortable to the point of encouraging you to oversleep. On the downside, the cable didn't work - maybe just a loose connection - we were so busy that we didn't realize it until the last morning when we were checking out. I would definitely return. The room was expensive at around $900/night but we visited other very well-known Manhattan hotels in the $600 range and felt cheated as they seemed worn. The other hotels had lobbies full of poorly dressed gawkers whereas the Ritz seemed to give you a more secluded feel which we enjoyed.	
Oct 11 2006 	Tries at service but problems possibly inherent in building	I initially checked in expecting the Ritz-Carlton service and experience especially since the New York Central Park branch has had a number of positive reviews.The staff were indeed very friendly, given New York City standards, and put me in a deluxe 9 series room due to my extended 3 week stay.However, by the 2nd night, rumbling/rattling sounds were vibrating through the room and disturbing my sleep intermittently. It worsens during the day. I immediately thought of the review of another guest about trains and called front desk for help. After 2 visits by engineers, I was told it was the elevator and moved to a 3 series room; but not before being misinformed by the front desk that the 3 series room had a &quot;larger wardrobe space&quot; and told to go to the wrong floor first and being embarassed by the guest already occupying the room who was in the midst of drying up after a shower. On talking to the night manager, who apologised for the misinformation but said he couldn't do much except for giving us a wheeled clothes rack in the room, I went to sleep somewhat soured in my experience but hoping to get some sleep. Unfortunately, I was awakened again by rumbling/rattling sounds the next day.I've resigned to sleeping with uncomfortable ear plugs but I'll NEVER stay in the Ritz-Carlton New York again. For the price you pay and the promise made by the chain, you'd expect more. This hotel is nowhere near the Ritz-Carlton standard of other hotels I've stayed in.A definite disappointment.	
Oct 1 2006 	A disappointing stay	We love the Ritz-Carlton hotels......we've stayed in Orlando twice this year, St Thomas and New York a few times. I'm starting to wonder if the Central Park location is either too busy or just don't care anymore.Last night we went to dinner...( we were out of our room by 5pm ) and returned at 9:30. When we walked into our room, we realized that turn down and towel service had not occured. It was very disappointing. We called the front desk and asked if they changed their policy on turn down service, they replied that they have till 10pm to complete that service. I'm not sure that answered our question and is not typical of Ritz-Carlton hotels. We then asked for towels in order to shower in the morning(there was only 2 upon our arrival)....after waiting over half and hour (we were getting tired and wanted to sleep) we called again and the front desk said she sent them up and she has no idea what happened. Does that sound like Ritz-Carlton to you? After a call back by the front desk a woman brought towels to our room and told us of her woes on how busy she is and they just couldn't get to our room tonight. I can get that kind of response at any hotel.....not at $700 a night.Needless to say, I was very disappopinted in the service. No one apologized or showed any remorse for inconviencing us at 10pm on a Saturday night. I'm used to a different Ritz-Carlton. It's too bad.	
Aug 8 2006 	There is a subway train under this hotel!	The Ritz Central park was nice but none of these reviews mention the fact that this hotel sits right atop a subway tunnel.Maybe I noticed it because we took a nap once we got into town around 1:00 PM. After hearing a constant rattle every 5 minutes and the room shake I had to call maintenance.Well, sure enough it was the subway. Not much you can do about that!! Not so bad at night but during the day... forget taking a nap!Also I agree with all who say this hotel is way to much buck for the bang. I am a travel agent and stayed on TA rate so my price was only a 1/4 of the $1000 rate these rooms command. If I'd have paid full price I would have felt incredibly ripped-off for the small rooms and sub-standard Ritz feel.Definitely save your money and avoid the premium on this one.	
May 12 2006	It's a Ritz experience!	Flying from SF, my wife and I decided to do a stopover in NYC. We stepped it up and stayed at The RC at Central Park. The RC gives all the sensory one needs - great hotel with great service from the greeting to to the last 'come again and have a safe flight!'. She went shopping while I stayed in our lovely room relaxing and finishing up paperwork before the transatlantic flight to London. Walking outside of the RC and thinking &quot;Wow&quot;, I'm in NYC - which way do I want to explore???? Only in NYC!!!The room was super quiet. The only sound we heard at night was our air conditioner. We like our room super cold - on the 64 degreees side. The air conditioner thought we were crazy. It would stay around 67 all night long. Service was abit spotty in the beginning, took 1 hour to get my luggage up to our room. The RC was sold out the night before. After that, smooth sailing at the RC.	
Apr 19 2006	Loved the Ritz-Carlton New York Central Park	As a treat I took my Mum and Sister to New York for a long weekend. In my opinion this hotel cannot be faulted. It is in a perfect location just a few minutes walk from 5th Ave. The rooms are decorated to a really high standard (the bed is too comfortable!) and the bathroom is exceptional. The view from the room overlooking the park was great to wake up to every morning. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful especially Jenny on reception, Felix and Eric the barman. We did take advantage of the courtesy Bentley as suggested in another review. If you are going to New York and want something a bit special then stay here. I cannot wait to go again!!	
Apr 2 2006	Great Hotel...............	I like Ritz Carlton hotels as well as Four Seasons hotels. The RC Central Park is probably one of the nicest RC properties I have visited which includes, CA, NO, FL, HI, DC, GA et al. The location is perfect. The service is excellent. I love Norman the bartender who is a super nice guy. Our room overlooked the park and had a great view. The room service, valet, housekeeping, doorman were all very nice. I have stayed here twice in the past year and look forward to returning again soon.	
Mar 24 2006	great hotel	my husband and i stayed here for three nights from 17th til 20th march we thought it was an excellant hotel, we had a park view room on the 14th floor which has a fantastic view. the room was a nice size the bed was really big and comfy and the bathroom was great.the staff were all very helpful and friendly. Celine behind the bar was great to talk to. we used the hotel car twice which was great.Only downside was the drinks were so expensive and no coffee making facilities in the room.i would stay here again as the hotel was lovely and it is in a great location.	
Mar 19 2006	Loved the Ritz	The Ritz at Central Park is in a great location--within walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Also, it is close to the subway to get around the city. The room was reasonably quiet (our room was on the 10th floor overlooking Central Park). The staff were wonderful and the room/bathroom were clean and spacious by NYC standards. The hotel had a complimentary bottle of champagne delivered to our room to celebrate our first year anniversary. Even though everything was expensive (we expected the cost), it was well worth it.	
Feb 12 2006	All About the Bentley	I feel compelled to begin by confessing that I never liked the Ritz-Carlton portfolio. The rooms they show in their ad campaigns often remind me of my grandmother's condo in Boca, and the whole &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen serving Ladies and Gentlemen&quot; slogan seems a little pretentious. It's almost like Madonna trying to fake a British accent.Despite my negative first impression, I decided to stay at the Ritz Central Park because of its rave reviews on this site as well as its outstanding location. Needless to say, with the rate that I was paying, I arrived with high expectations.The moment I got off the cab I realized that the location is indeed stellar. The lobby is intimate and the check-in process was flawless. Excellent service free of &quot;ladies and gentlemen&quot; attitudes. Elevator access to guestrooms require guestroom keys, which I think is an outstanding idea to ensure the safety of guests (especially single female travelers).Although I had a deluxe room that looks into the building's courtyard (i.e. mechanical space), my room was well appointed. The design scheme is more conservative/traditional than the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental, almost like a newer version of the Carlyle. The room is slightly smaller than the standard rooms at Four Seasons, though significantly larger than such Upper-East-Side gems as the Carlyle and the Mark. The four-fixture bathroom is modern and cozy, although I find it strange yet pleasurable that there are windows next to the toilet.Given my favorable review thus far, you may wonder what prompts me to award this hotel three stars rather than five stars. As the subject title suggests, it's &quot;All About the Bentley&quot;. My friend, who is a frequent guest of this property, reminded me on numerous occasions that I must use the hotel's house car. It is basically a Bentley that the hotel uses to take its guests around the midtown area free-of-charge. As the car service runs on a first-come-first-serve policy, I headed down to the lobby at 7:15 for my 8:00 dinner appointment 15 blocks away, and instructed one of the bellmen that I wanted to use the house car. The bellman responded by asking me to wait in the lounge. I asked how long would the wait be, and he answered &quot;15 minutes&quot;.Two glasses of Sancerre and too many cashew nuts later, I became impatient. It's 7:45 and car-less. I walked out to see if everything is okay, just to witness a couple handing a bellman tips, and immediately directed to the Bentley. Strange, I thought. I approached the bellman and asked if there's another house car coming soon, and he said, &quot;No, this is the only one, it just came back&quot;. Interesting. Car left during the discussion. I asked, how long have those people waited, for I have waited for half an hour in the lounge.He said, &quot;You should have told me you wanted to use the car, otherwise I wouldn't give them the car&quot;. It turns out that those people were never in the line, but due to miscommunication on &quot;my part&quot;, I was overlooked. Needless to say, I was furious. &quot;I told one of the bellmen&quot;, I said, &quot;where is he now?&quot; &quot;Went to dinner&quot;, he said, &quot;you never told me&quot;, as if it's my fault. Okay. &quot;Is it because I didn't tip you?&quot; I asked. He said, &quot;No...&quot; I got myself a cab and left.The next afternoon, I had a business meeting and saw the Bentley parked in front of the hotel. The same bellman was there. I gave him tips and asked if &quot;this time I could use the car&quot;. I can be a jerk when provoked. Three seconds later I was in the car, which is really quite nice.Will I come back? Without the Bentley incident, maybe. With the Bentley? No way. Meanwhile I will return to the Four Seasons and the Carlyle, both of which don't blame their guests for staff miscommunication.	
Jan 28 2006	disappointing	We needed transportation back to the hotel after the ballet and the best the hotel could do is a car for a minimum 2.5 hours at $95/hour. After paying $1200 for a suite, I thought they could have done better.	
Jan 27 2006	A truly special place.	OK, so you pay through the nose to stay here, but does that matter if you get your money’s worth? Of course not, and as one who has stayed in a number of other top-end hotels (The Waldorf in New York, The Savoy in London) the Ritz-Carlton is the first place I’ve ever been that has, without exception, failed to disappoint.My wife and I were staying here for 6 nights with our 4 month old daughter, and as it was our first time travelling as a ‘family’ we were just a little apprehensive. Having got only a slight reduction on the standard rate by contacting the hotel directly - $675 a night for a Park View Room – our expectations were pretty high. Check-in was quick and efficient and the room was beautiful, complete with the promised view of Central Park. The only slight down side was that we were only on the 9th floor, so the view was more of trees rather than the park itself.The following morning, 7.30am, upon flushing the toilet the bathroom flooded. Big time. Called reception, and a maintenance chap was with us in 3 minutes, followed by two other staff armed with mops. A manager followed shortly and we were offered the option to move rooms, which we took, and were moved up to a similar room on the 20th floor. Much better view, and they threw in complimentary breakfast in the room every morning of our stay as compensation (probably over $400 worth of breakfasts). They even refunded the tips we made to room service. OK, so it was a shame the first room had to flood, but these things happen, and the real test for a quality hotel is how they react to such problems. In the case of the Ritz-Carlton, it was handled perfectly, and we were more than happy with how we were dealt with.Other points of note? The bathrooms are great with wonderful showers, the bed provided some of the best nights sleep I’ve ever had, the lobby bar is a shining example in understated elegance, and the level of service from every member of staff – from managers to maids and doormen – is exemplary. Just make sure you carry a pocket full of loose dollars for all that tipping!	
Jan 12 2006	V. Nice	Stayed here for five nights. Romantic trip to experience New Year's. Park View Room expensive but view was great and worth it as a &quot;special treat&quot;. Great location to stay. Staff very friendly. Got breakfast one morning - unsurprisingly it cost an arm and a leg but surprisingly the quality of the food wasnt great.....	
Dec 3 2005	Not worth the money-	My wife and two children stayed in a suite at the Ritz Carlton and I was not all that impressed. Rooms were nice, clean and well appointed. But dresser had broken drawer, hard to monitor temperature of rooms.Bathrooms were wonderful, clean and marble throughout. But rooms were small.Lobby was small and the bar area was nothing special.Didn't really care for the pro athletes wearing muscle shirts and adorned with bling using profanity. That was a huge turn off. If you are going to charge top shelf price- enforce the dress code!! I complained to the front desk about the language and the staff was apologetic but really not willing to do anything.Overall nice but I would not rush back there, lots of great hotels in NYC for less money and equal accomadations.	
Oct 23 2005	Great Anniversary!	My husband and I stayed here on for our tenth anniversary. I must say that Marek, (not sure how to spell it) the hotel's driver was FABULOUS. He not only drove us to two venues, but also recommended some great places for cocktails before our anniversary dinner. Take advantage of the hotel's car if you can get it... very nice! The concierge was great getting reservations at the restaurant of our choice... La Bernardin. Champagne was sent to our room, along with fabulous chocolate-covered strawberries. The bar of the hotel was great, with a great mojito (at closing... sorry, bartender!) All around, a GREAT experience. Be prepared to pay dearly for everything... breakfast, coffee, the room, but for a special experience... it's worth it!	
Oct 10 2005	Wow!	We came to this hotel for our wedding night - the staff pulled out all the stops for us and were amazed at the high standards of service and attention to detail.The hotel is very expensive but worth it. We stayed in room 2214 on the 22nd floor and were lucky enough to have the most spectacular view out over Central Park - it was breathtaking. If you can, take afternoon tea in the Star Lounge - the service was great, and the surroundings are beautiful.The hotel sent champagne and strawberries to our room and even made us the most fantastic wedding cake which was a complete surprise - we couldn't have asked for more. The great thing about this hotel, is that the staff here made a huge fuss over us knowing that it was such a special occasion, and paid attention to every detail. We lost count of how many of the hotel management came to congratulate us - it was fantastic and we felt like royalty. If you can, stay here.	
Sep 23 2005	Quick Weekend in NYC	It was a busy weekend in NYC and all the hip hotels in Lower Manhattan were booked. Luckily, I was able to secure a Deluxe King room (had to settle for the 3rd floor). The rooms are incredibly spacious by New York standards and the bathrooms are over the top! Frederick Fekkai products, great finishes. The bed and linens are fabulous!The Lobby is tiny, but the location cannot be beat!Highly recommend staying if you want Central Park location.Classic Ritz Carlton service!Superb!!!	
Sep 21 2005	SOOOOOOOOOOO Fabulous!	We stayed for a week and had club level access. This place is just about the best place i have ever stayed. The service, the room, the food, the friendliness...absolutely fantastic. The location couldn't be better. I will never stay anywhere else when we go to New York.	
Jul 31 2005	Superb	My wife and I stayed for three nights in July 2005 to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary. I booked through Amex platinum travel and had a great rate of $685 for a Park View King room which included breakfast. Upon checking in, we were wished a happy anniversary and the high room that I had requested was given to us. We were also given late checkout until 1600 and were invited to use the Club Lounge for the duration of our stay. We were escorted to our room on the 18th floor and the usual explanations given. The main area of the room had a king bed, which during the day had a geat selection of daytime pillows, an easy chair, table, desk and chair, TV, DVD, Satellite/Cable and a great selection of storage space. The room also had an entrance foyer with table and lamp and a closet. The bathroom had a separate WC with door, bath, one wash basin and separate shower cubicle. A super selection of designer toiletries was constantly replenished. The best part about the room was the two picture windows with fantastic views over Central Park.We made use of the Club Lounge on every day of our stay. The welcome was always personal, warm and genuine. The service at all times of day was professional and efficient. The ambience was casual in spite of the quite formal surroundings. The food and beverage selections were imaginitively presented and the quality never faltered.The atmosphere in the Lobby bar was that of a private club. It's position allows guests to view the comings and goings of the hotels famous and not so famous guests. We did not eat at the hotels restaurants but the menu looked very good at prices you would expect to pay at a hotel like this in the city.My wife had a spa treatment in the La Prairie Spa and was very impressed.The location of the hotel is second to none with the greenery of Central Park and its activites just across the street. Times Square is in easy walking distance.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would not hesitate in returning again. The service and attention from staff is first rate and personal. A bottle of champagne and a tray of chocolate dipped strawberries was even sent to our room to help us to celebrate our wedding anniversary, as if this extra touch was needed!	
Jul 22 2005 	Nice but...	Overall:Very nice hotel as expected. Fairly clean, although there were some flies in the club lounge. There were several minor issues that most people would probably overlook. I would not go back because I felt the Pierre was a much better hotel overall.Room:Deluxe King was well decorated and had good amenities. There was only one regular chair, which made In-Room Dining a bit difficult. Typical, large Ritz bathroom which is about half the size of the actual guestroom. My wife and I did not find the bed and pillows to be comfortable.Club Lounge:Very inviting atmosphere but not much variety in food. Food quality was not too great either.In-Room Dining:Food came very quickly. The one time it was delayed, I received a call telling me it would be another 5 minutes. However, it took over an hour and 2 phone calls to have them remove the table from the room (on 2 occasions). Food quality was average.	
Jul 18 2005 	it doesnt get any better	i travel quite frequently and i was blow away by the staff at the ritz, they were attentive without being obtrusive, every request was answered with &quot; it would be my pleasure to take care of that for you&quot;. the room was huge by nyc standards, very comfortable bed, nice spa products, separate shower and tub. absolutely loved it and will most definately stay there whenever i am in nyc .	
Jun 18 2005	Spectacular!	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in April; we got a club level room. The location was great - close to so many things and right on Central Park. The only disappointment was our view...of a brick wall - other than that it was wonderful! The room was beautifully decorated, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and covered in marble. The evening turn-down service with jazz music was a nice touch. The club lounge was great, it was very nice to sit in the lounge and enjoy the food and drinks while overlooking Central Park. I especially enjoyed the afternoon tea service. The club concierge was very helpful. The spa was wonderful too. The hotel staff was very pleasant and we were always greeted by name. To top it off, we stayed for free using our Mastercard rewards. We will definitely return to the Ritz on Central Park and look forward to it! We didn't know about the Maybach, we'll have to try that on our next visit! This was my husband's 1st visit to NYC and my 2nd - we loved it and we are already planning another trip!	
May 23 2005	Lived up to expectations	This was every bit a professional and impressive as expected. (But they do charge you for it!)Took my mother as a treat for her 60th last November and didn't regret paying the extra - great location and staff fantastic.If I win the lottery I'll definitely return!	
May 4 2005	Exceeded my high expectations	We stayed in a Parkview room 22-25 April 2005 to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. This was to be a no-expense-spared blow-out. I was a little anxious that my high expectations might not be met - I needn't have been. The room was great, the staff friendly, welcoming and eager to please. I had read on the internet about the Bentley 'house car' available for guests and boldly asked the doorman if it was available to take us to the Empire State building. Not only did he call round the stretch Maybach mentioned by the previous reviewer (a truly astonishing car), but the concierge provided us with the hotel's VIP pass for the Empire State, which allowed us to jump all the queues. We were in and out in 20 minutes. The burger I had from room service one lazy afternoon was the best burger I've ever had (and I've had a few!). I now have 10 years to work out how I top this for our 20th anniversary. Any faults? Well, everything's expensive (food, cocktails) but then I expected that, and the quality justifies the high prices.	
Apr 26 2005	Loved The Ritz	Me and my wife stayed at the Ritz Carlton Central Park on April 22nd and 23rd. Our experience there was wonderful. The employees of the hotel where friendly and helpful. For example, we asked the doorman to catch us a cab for dinner after being unsuceesful for less than a minute he called over the hotel limo to take us. The limo is a $400,000 Maybach mercedes Benz. Which we thought was going above and beyond great customer service. Im very selective when it comes to hotel and seldom pleased. My stay here was very refreshing. I've stayed at many five star hotel and I would say this Hotel ranks among the best. So enjoy you wont be disappointed.	
Apr 17 2005	It's all about service here	Service is this hotels strong point. If your traveling here with children they appear to put you on the 5th floor in the back. No view, just the back of the other buildings around you, so bad you don't want to open the curtians. We traveled here with our friends and thier two children. I was not impressed with the location of our room. That would be the only negative thing I could say about the hotel. Everything else here was great. The attitude of the staff made you feel welcome. The food was very good. Many celebrities were staying at the hotel including Jennifer Anaston, Courtney Cox, Frasier (Kelsey Grammer?) Charles Barkley and so on. The location is great, just around the corner from 5th ave the shopping. Across the street from Central Park, one block away from the subway station, but you don't need that as the hotel car (450K Maeback) not sure that is correct, is available to drop you off. This is a true 5 star hotel. And I say that as we have recently had the misfortune of staying at a Sheraton dba Starwood hotel which claims to be a 5 star but really is a one star hotel. This is really nice hotel with great service, give it a try.	
Apr 17 2005	Ritz Carlton - average!	I booked the Ritz Carlton to finish off a Queen Mary 2 cruise in style. Sadly during our 4 night, 5 day stay we were not impressed. (2nd to 6th April 2005) The staff were very young and seemed poorly trained. We had a park view suite (over £1,000GBP per night!). For example; every day we had to ask for towels; the mini bar was examined in minute detail whilst we were in the room. There were also other niggles regarding the standard of cleaning and the operation of the Club Lounge. I know this might sound like nit picking but at the cost and their reputation the experience should have been a lot better. We stay at top hotels and go on 'no expense spared' cruises and holidays with our two children aged 7 and 9. Disappointingly, this visit to the Ritz Carlton, Central Park, NYC was not up to the standard expected.	
Apr 13 2005	Perfectly Fine Nothing Fantastic	The five days I spent at the Ritz-Carlton Central park marked my first visit back to New York since I moved away from the city. I splurge when I travel... and am usually a Four Seasons addict, but the FS New York property leaves much to be desired, so I tried to find the most luxe hotel in NYC. After looking at this website, and the Ritz-Carlton website, I decided to stay at this hotel. I booked a Park-View room for $590 per night, through AmEx Platinum. Upon arrival, I was given Club Lounge access as an upgrade. The first room the receptionist escorted me to was unacceptable: dark, shabby (fringe torn off the curtains), and an ugly gold color that didn't suit my tastes. I didn't like the room, so she was kind enough to show me two others, one of which was perfectly lovely. The bellman kindly moved my luggage and the flowers and giftbasket which had been placed in the room before my arrival (however, they lost the cards that arrived with them, so I had no idea who they were from until someone said, &quot;Did you get the flowers???&quot;).Yes, the rooms are nice... but nothing to die for. (Sometimes I wonder what the homes of Tripadvisor users must look like since they're drooling over hotel room decor...) Small but elegantly furnished. Room service is a little better than average. The lobby and bar was happening every night, but the restaurant was EMPTY. The whole &quot;club lounge&quot; concept isn't my scene. Guest excited about FREE FOOD and drinks hovering around appetizer platters is disappointing. It is a lovely hotel, and the service is good. But, is this the best NYC has to offer? Is this as good as it gets? If so, I'm terribly disappointed. I imagined so much more. I think every hotel should aspire to be like the George V is Paris: absolutely flawless.	
Apr 7 2005 	Why stay anywhere else?	The Ritz was everything they speak it up to be... I got an incredible rate on it through my company, so it was hard to say no. We didn't have a faboulous club level room, but the room we did have was 100 times better than anything else I've stayed at in New York. The room was huge, bathroom fantastic, and service top notch. Its a great star-gazing place, too. In 2 days we saw 4 &quot;low key&quot; celebrities coming in and out while we just happened to be coming in and out.	
Apr 2 2005	Luxurious but not the best Ritz	We stayed over the Easter Weekend for 3 nights. Had a club level room. No view but use of the club lounge and their own concierges. Great location opposite central park . Room luxurious but internal view...we paid $625 per night , but we did have two kids with us so had a room with 2 double beds so not too bad. Lobby was very small and not as spectacular as other Ritz we have stayed in but no doubt New York is short on space! Club Lounge a little disappointing . Concierges here were low key...helpful yes but not overly. Food presentations were pretty meagre (compared with Ritz Key Biscayne where we went after) eg no champage left out. It was there but you had to ask for it.Overall not my favourite Ritz and if, like us you are sight seeing all day you probably don't need to spend so much on a room. Would I go back to New York...yes! Would I stay at the Ritz...don't think so. We like luxury but will try somewhere else next time	
Apr 1 2005	Treated Like Royalty	I proposed to my girlfriend at the Ritz Carlton a couple weeks ago. I booked a Park View Room and worked with the hotel staff to make the moment perfect. Katie in guest services and the rest of the staff exceeded my expectations. Our upgraded room had stunning views, we felt pampered - the hotel and staff made us feel like royalty. Having stayed in top hotels in Hawaii, Paris, Italy and across the US, my experience at the Ritz Carlton Central Park is without compare.	
Mar 29 2005	The best of everything	We spent 3 fantastic days in New York at the Ritz. It was great to have a large room that is new in interior construction. Service was perfect from the front desk to the bellman checking out. Be sure to ask the concierge if the house car is available to take you to dinner or the theatre. Arriving in a Maybach will get you stares as if you are a celebrity.	
Feb 28 2005	VERY over rated	I really can't see what all the fuss is about here.The rooms are OK (but small) and the rates are way too over-priced. The location is OK but everything else was just about average. - Still, if you've got money to burn, don't listen to a word!	
Feb 20 2005	Died and Gone to Heaven..Meet Saint Ritz Carlton!	There are not enough stars in the galaxy to rate this fabulous hotel.We were really going for it anyway. Valentine's Day spoily excess had already been booked. We're talking Park View with access to the Club Lounge package. Not cheap and my wife was initially somewhat in awe of the $845 per night price tag. So was I, this was a 'it had better be good' scenario.Needless to say this crowned emperor of the hotel world delivered beyond our wildest expectations. Where do I start?I cheekily asked for an upgrade and was initially turned down.Embarrassed, I smiled and muttered something about if one didn't ask one didn't get. Then as we were being escorted accross the lobby, the deft sign language/telepathy/5 star communication systems so unique to the best hotels indicated that yes an upgrade was available later in the day.We went to the Museum of Modern Art (Tip: Avoid Mondays, it is a fabulous museum stuffed full of some of the world's greatest treasures, but you need dedication to wait in the cold and the rain for 45 minutes and then queue yet again to deposit bags) and returned several hours later.We were allocated a brand new Park View suite (2014) on the 20th floor.We were literally the second or third set of people to stay there.It all smelt wonderfully new and the view of the park was unbeatable. As art lovers we were very much looking forward to seeing The Gates installation but were concerned that our room would not afford much of an overview. Imagine our delight at seeing from the 20th floor this entiresaffron (we thought orange!) multi million dollar art extravaganza in front of our windows!I prefer plain decoration but somehow the Ritz Carlton furnishings work wonders with patterns. French styled without the overkill.I adored the stripey padded walls.If you can afford it, I strongly urge you to go for the Club Lounge package. The staff are so helpful and friendly and the 6 complimentary food presentations just sumptuous. I have to admit we took full advantage of the hotel's generosity including champagne for my wife and vodka tonics for me.We were treated so well and all staff were genuinely thankful for their $10 tips. The delightful young woman from reception who showed us our $1695 (we think) suite, even initially refused her tip!We were sent on our way by everyone with a cheery smile and plenty of banter. The commissionaire who opened our taxi door commiserated with us regarding our next sojourn to the Hotel Giraffe, but that's another story if it gets printed!In the words of Kojak.....'Ritz Carlton...We loves ya baby.'	
Feb 11 2005	Absolutely impeccable!	Just spent three nights here with my mother and my daughter (age 8). It was my second stay at this hotel and I enjoyed it even more than last year. The location is wonderful. We walked to MoMA, American Girl Place, Barney's, the theatre and much more! The level of service is excellent and traveling with my daughter seemed to get me even BETTER service than without. Upon arrival one of the staff members gave my daughter a Lizzie Maguire DVD to watch in the room. Our first morning, on the way out the door, the doorman greeted my daughter by name! Our bellman was very grateful for his tips...everyone was fantastic! Our room was at the back of the hotel. We needed two double beds so we booked the lowest room category, which is the only way to GET 2 doubles. It was exquisite! And we still had three large windows, including one in the spacious bathroom. We had breakfast every morning at the hotel's restaurant, Atelier.Again, the service is unparalleled. Dinner at Atelier our last night was divine (and now prix fixe); the Master Sommelier was very kind. Although I love shopping and exploring downtown...I will never be able to stay anywhere but the Ritz Carlton on central Park - as long as I can afford it. It is absolutely a dream hotel! I'm hoping to take my daughter again this summer. 	
Feb 6 2005	Just Perfect!	My wife and I have just returned from a trip to NYC, we stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Central Park for five nights. Everything was perfect inculding the rooms, food concierge and service. Only small let down was the lack of gym/pool facilities.	
Jan 22 2005	Absolutely beautiful	Absolutely beautiful.The only bad thing is that it's a shame that the people in New York can be so cold sometimes. It would be great if they were alot friendlier.	
Jan 6 2005	Staff is Putting on the Ritz	This property is fantastic! From the linens in the rooms to the way the lobby is decorated, you know you are in a deluxe environment.The restaurant, Atelier is outstanding. I was surprised to hear that the original chef has moved on. The menu remains inspired, the food is delicious and the service fantastic.The lobby bartenders are extremely attentive and informative about the wines they serve. Of course there is Norman, an institution at the Ritz, but there is also Celine. Celine is friendly and always professional. She takes a personal interest to ensure that her guests have a wonderful experience inbibing her creations. When a celebrity is there, she tactfully ensures that their privacy remains intact without insulting curious guests. She really is an asset to their organization. Overall, I feel that this Ritz property is NYC's finest hotel. Great location, great amenities and great staff make for a great experience.	
Dec 23 2004	Great Stay in New York	Great Classy hotel. Fantastic service...really the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. Really comfortable beds which is important to me (I have a bad back).	
Dec 2 2004	They thought of everything	Just about as perfect as you can get for a hotel. Although the rates are steeeeep, the service is impeccable as are the rooms. From the DVD players to the bath products to the pillows (THE best), the rooms are appointed perfectly. Room service was a tad dissappointing (especially given the price of a $22 caesar salad and a $14 bowl of soup), but everything else in the hotel is superb.	
Nov 5 2004	A perfect Hotel	We spent 3 nights at the Ritz Carlton and have to say that it was the most beautiful and perfect hotel we have ever stayed in. We found all the staff very friendly, efficient and helpful and always courteous. We especially liked the juice and apples laid out for returning morning joggers every morning! The room was very spacious which is a real plus in New York. It was also very quiet - we had a back room - and although we didn't have a view of Central Park, we didn't feel at all disappointed. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in - I am now busy changing all my bedding - and the bathroom was simply luxurious. A hotel which could not be faulted and to be recommended to all.	
Oct 29 2004	Awesome	Perfect location, great service, friendly and helpful staff, good concierge, well-equipped workout facility, good spa, beautiful views from parkview rooms, convenient and quick valet parking, more intimate size - not cheap, but worth every penny. The best all-around hotel we have visited in NYC.	
Aug 23 2004	First Rate	Stayed for two nights and thought it was the best I've stayed in so far in NYC (much better than the run-down Plaza next door). Rooms were great, bathroom was huge, service was excellent. When you pay this much, this is what you should be getting. No complaints.	
Aug 17 2004	Wonderful stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend and had THE MOST comfortable and splendid stay. The rooms were absolutely wonderful - BEST BEDS EVER with high quality sheets, GORGEOUS LARGE marble bathroom with huge tub, separate shower, and separate room for the toilet, high end toiletries, robes, slippers, DVD/CD player, stocked fridge, and impeccable service. We noticed the room was turned twice a day, once after we left in the morning and once in the evening. They replaced any towels and toiletries used throughout the day, remade the bed, left chocolates and fresh water by the bed every evening before we returned from dinner. The doormen were absolutely wonderful - opening the door, greeting us, and calling taxis for us. The concierge knew the area well and made dinner reservations for us. The fitness center was also fantastic! State of the art equipment with personal tvs, fresh fruit and ice cold evian water bottles on hand! I didn't indulge at the spa, but it definitely looked inviting and the staff was extremely courteous and over the top! If I wasn't moving to new york, I would definitely stay here all the time when visiting!! It is WORTH the price!	
Aug 16 2004	Great hotel.	The room, service, and food were all great. The view of the park was fantastic and the hotel has a very convenient location. You can walk with easy to most midtown locations, if not the hotel will gladly drive you. You can't go wrong staying here.	
Jul 27 2004	Best value in NYC	Of all the luxury hotels I've stayed in NYC including the Peninsulas and the Four Seasons, the Ritz Carlton Central Park is the only hotel that I would look forward going back to. Great service, decent-sized rooms, nice bathrooms, and Frederic Fekkai shampoos and cleansers!! It's a rare find in NYC. I actually didn't think New York hotels were all that bad after the stay at this Ritz.	
Jun 1 2004	pure luxury	We have stayed at some very fine hotels and this one definately falls into the category of 5 star. We stayed with our three very young children in a beautiful park view suite. It was magnificent. The staff could not do enough for us and greeted us each time we saw them. The bar and lounge area as well as the restaurant are excellent in every way. We LOVE this hotel and can't wait to go back for a weekend getaway. The best part was that they were so warm and hospitable towards our children.	
May 7 2004	FIRST CLASS	Surpirsed my husband for a birthday-Easter~Yankess/White Sox opener weekend getaway in April. There is no finer hotel in New York City. The Ritz Carlton~Central Park has superior service, amenities and ambiance. Our Park View Room on the 19th floor overlooking Central Park was magical. From the concerige services, room decor, frette linens, club level amenities, Central Park location/view and overall luxury melted our hearts with pleasure. What a way to rekindle any marriage, at the Ritz, first class! 	
Mar 28 2004	Elegant room beautiful Central Park view	We stayed here the last weekend of January and loved it. Our room, although on the small side, was gorgeously decorated and had the best view of any NYC hotel I've stayed in. There was even a telescope on the windowsill, and Central Park in the snow is breathtaking, especially after dark. Room service was amazing -- cocktails were delivered within 10 minutes of our placing the order, and came with a rose in a bud vase on the tray. Granted, the lobby public areas are confined, but everything is beautiful and elegant.	
Mar 24 2004	location luxury and a car!	just spent five days here. can't imagine how it could have been any better. the rooms and bath luxurious, the staff available but not over-bearing. best was the hotel car available in the evening to take us to the theatre. la prairie spa is expensive but lovely. obviously a great location. last time in nyc stayed at the waldorf which the ritz outshines many times over..	
Mar 1 2004	Simply the Best	Having just spent the weekend at the Ritz Carlton Central Park we are hard pressed to think of ANY other luxury hotel which even comes close to offering the stellar service that this Ritz Carlton does. Our suite was enormous, immaculate and impeccably decorated. Having reserved a suite enabled us to take advantage of the exclusive Club Lounge which offered a delightful Breakfast, light Lunch, Afternoon Tea and After Dinner fare-all complimentary and of the highest quality. No request was too grand and the Concierge was even able to secure a last minute reservation at an exceptional restaurant- a normal impossibility in NYC. One gets the feeling that not only are the Staff well trained but also treated well and truly enjoy their jobs-nothing gratuitous about the service at any time-even after our car was delivered upon departure we were presented with 2 bottles of Evian for our trip home-it's those details that matter. (And for those who are not familiar with NYC the Ritz Carlton is in the perfect location-accross from Central Park on the Upper East Side-convenient to the theater district, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, etc...)The Ritz Carlton Central Park does everything right-we will never stay anywhere else in New York again~	
Feb 14 2004	Not what it use to be...	I stayed there once. It was good service but the food (when ordered room service ) came only luke warm and the lobby was tiny! Not worth the money, but it is ok, the views are great of central park, great location.	
Jan 6 2004	Expected a little more		
Oct 30 2003 	Could do better....		
Oct 29 2003	Great and quiet place		
Oct 28 2003	Looking Back		
Oct 21 2003	It ain't what it used to be.		
Sep 8 2003	Perfection....		
Mar 3 2003	perfection		
Feb 5 2003	The Best		
Jan 30 2003	superb		
Oct 24 2002	St. Mortiz on the Park		
Oct 9 2009	Geschäftsreise in New York		
Dec 1 2008 	?????		
Aug 14 2008 	A couper le souffle		
Mar 14 2008 	La Grande Classe donnant sur Central Park		
