	Nice hotel	I agree with great service and very nice room. We upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it felt like we were in our apartment in NYC. A nice apartment at that. Everyone was very helpful.Now onto the opinion side of things. This is a great hotel if you want to be in a residential part of NYC and not close to the big attraction. If you want to party, stay in the meatpacking district. This is not a party hotel. It does have a nice bar downstairs, but you are not getting in at night just because you stay there. The rooftop was a dissapointment because it was enclosed and stuffy and not much of a view. If you wanna party ,stay at the Standard. If you want a rooftop, check out the Gansevoort. This hotel just seemed dark and stuffy. The W-Union Square, which is close by and closer to hustle and bustle, looked more airy and more people hanging out in lobby.I think I was just looking for a little bit more fun hotel. This hotel is a good place if you want a quiet getaway to NYC and want to stay in your room. Which I don't know who is looking for that? Celebs that don't want paprazzi? It is a &quot;nice hotel&quot; just not what I was looking for this time in NYC.	
Oct 22 2009 	Impeccable.	I stayed at Gramercy Park Hotel in October for 4 nights and the experience was truly amazing. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite which was a pleasant surprise and great start to our stay. The front desk staff were very polite and helpful, the concierge was always on hand to assist with any questions we had, which was a big help as we were unfamiliar with the locale. The eclectic design of the hotel is second to none, everything is carefully thought out from the amazing artwork on the walls to the beautiful furniture. As soon as you walk through the front door, the hotel has an ambience which lets you unwind from your busy days cruising around New York City. The Rose Bar is a popular late night bar not only for hotel guests but is also a favourite among New Yorkers, the 'Diamonds and Pearls' cocktail a must. By far the most incredible space is the Private Rooftop Terrace, amazing drinks, chilled out music, an uninterrupted view of New York City and the coolest design to a rooftop garden I have ever seen. In addition to all this the rooms are spot on, egyptian cotton sheets, plasma tv's, stunning furniture and plenty of space which is a rare commodity in most New York hotels. On my next visit to New York, there is only one place I will be staying.. GPH.	
Oct 20 2009 	Beautiful unique hotel experience	Had a wonderful time at the Gramercy Park Hotel. Stayed in a Superior King, with two kids under 4, as did the adult &amp; two teenagers travelling with us. Turned out just great. Lots of storage space in our room, great bathrooms. Quiet! and relaxing! (unlike other NY hotel experiences we've had.) Had an extra fridge requested for our kids' needs as well as a crib. We definitely weren't the typical clientele, but it suited us just fine. Great location - in it's own quiet pocket between all the great destinations. Several parks close by for the kids. (although too many &quot;rules&quot; in the Gramercy Park to make it a great destination for kids - Madison Square Park was better for the wee ones.) Concierge was great help for reservations, etc.We got a really great deal through quikbook - not sure if we would've gone otherwise. Therefore, in-hotel dining was a bit out of our price range, unfortunately. Was also shocked by the wi-fi charge on check-out. But apart from that, a beautiful, unique experience - great to be close to such great art and decor.	
Oct 20 2009 	Incredible!	The Gramercy Park Hotel is the most stunning, sexy hotel I have stayed at in a long time. The lobby is welcoming, serene and hip, and the room we had, a suite (upgrade) was divine. Magnificent furniture, beautiful colors, great products in the huge bathroom, comfortbale bed, lovely lighting. The restaurant on the roof top was not to be beat (as are the prices!) but the views, the mood, the artwork - A1.The staff was pleasant, respectful, knowledgable, and clearly, all about pleasing the customer.Lots of cool vibes in the reservations only bar, and even sawe some celebrities.	
Oct 16 2009 	Definately not 'standard'	Perhaps my experience was colored a tad by the fact that I had such an abysmal time at The Standard, but I could not have been happier with the Gramercy Park Hotel.The area is not as trendy and permeated with designer stores, but I found the location to be preferable for getting around, with great access to/from and plenty of restaurants and nice places for drinks close by. Most importantly, though, the room was so much more comfortable then The Standard, everything worked, the was actual space for clothes and luggage, and the quality all around was far superior - much more so then the actual price difference between the two for the rooms we had. Sure the elevators were a bit slow, and the guests were perhaps more posh then the mix of hipsters/tourists/bridge and tunnel in the Meatpacking District, but the hotel itself really made it a vacation and provided a haven of relaxation (and actual sleep) in between stints of running around NYC.Taking one star off only due to the overall high prices along with the fact that they apparently allow for smoking rooms and the smell made itself rather apparent at night in spite of the ventilation. I would return but be better prepared for that.PS: If you need a laugh while at the GPH check out the $70 tee shirt they have for sale, yowza!	
Oct 12 2009 	Entertaining but bad for work and terrible service	I decided to give the property a try despite a previous bad experience trying to organize an event here. The property was better than I expected but isn't a place that I would repeat.The pluses:- great location- entertaining decor / design- passable rooms (i.e., not a closet but not enough space for 2)- hip bar with good people watching / attractive clientele - free internet / wireless in the room- Mario Badescu amenities - good mobile reception inside the room- reservation made my concierge resulted in complementary dessert at Craftbar (for brunch)The minuses:- service at the rooftop restaurant (at least for brunch) is about as bad as you can get. the food is forgettable and overpriced. it isn't that staff aren't friendly, they are just forgetful, unattentive, inconsistent and don't seem to really know what they are doing- very dark. this was fun 5-8 years ago but it is time to turn the lights back on at these types of properties- hallways can be a bit loud in the middle of the night if you are trying to sleep. guests aren't rowdy but the opening and closing of doors might keep some folks awake- power outlets are few and inconvenient (1 at the desk, 2 in the bathroom). there are others but they aren't easily accessible, i.e., require you to move furniture- understaffed but friendly bell service (seems like they only have 1 guy on duty)- forgot to include Tablet Plus bonus amenitiesEntertaining enough but a stay of more than a few nights would be pretty painful. The staff were friendlier than some other boutique places (not warm but respectful and helpful); however, service levels are poor for the price point likely due to understaffing and poor training.	
Aug 24 2009 	Interesting one-time only experience	Maybe we're just not hip enough. We appreciate the artwork. Understand the Bohemian decor. Do not mind paying for good service and product. But after two days of straining to see the elevator buttons, the moodiness of GPH wore thin.It almost seems as though they're trying too hard to be cool, and calculatingly pricing themselves into the &quot;very exclusive&quot; category. Food and drink prices are over the top, even by New York standards.Having said that, we found the service to be attentive and not snobbish, as other reviewers have said. The room (though dark, of course) had top-drawer appointments: crystal barware, fabulous duvet on a very comfortable bed, opium-den-chic sofa and chairs with artsy lamps and wall decor. The real wood fire in the stunning lobby fireplace was a surprise, as we arrived on the hottest day of the year. The historic neighborhood is wonderful, with a Kensington (London) feel. I channeled Edith Wharton as I meandered through Gramercy Park (after being escorted over by a very pleasant hotel employee). We enjoyed our two-night stay and are glad we experienced this very different, European feeling, hotel. But in the future, we'd opt for more pedestrian - OK, boring - accommodations.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice But Bring Your Flashlight!	We really enjoyed our stay here. It was a refreshing change from our usual Upper-East-Side, more formal places. The Gramercy is fun and stylish, hip but still comfortable. The location in a beautiful residential neighborhood right by Gramercy Park was the best part -- it was very quiet at all times, so we got to enjoy New York without the street noise. True, it's not in the middle of shopping streets, but the area is great for strolling.As for the flashlight: this was the darkest hotel we've ever stayed in! The decor is dark brown, deep burgundy, forest green -- when we stepped off the elevator onto our floor, the lighting was literally so dim that we could barely make out the large numbers on the wall showing which direction to go. The hotel actually compensates by having the room numbers woven into the hallway carpeting next to the room doors (white numbering against deep burgundy carpet). Pretty funny. We were upgraded to a roomy park-view suite with comfortable furnishings. The mini-bar was gorgeous, with cut crystal glasses and beautiful silver accessories. Again, the decor was in dark colors (burgundy, royal blue), but thanks to four windows overlooking Gramercy Park, the suite had good light and was very homey. The bathroom was rather cramped and, surprise, dark! in the vanity area, despite artistic clusters of light bulbs on each side of the mirror. I realize it's a style thing -- after all, this is Ian Shrager -- but it's nice to be able to see when you're shaving or putting on makeup.The roof terrace (open only to guests of the hotel) was great: sunny and filled with potted plants, and the seating was sufficiently spread out that we had privacy even when all the tables were occupied. The only detraction was the host of aggressive insects (large fruit flies, maybe?) that descended whenever food appeared, and hovered around the buffet breakfast as well. This was the case even when the retractable roof was closed. Service was adequate, not great; our breakfast order was bungled and took nearly an hour, but we weren't in a hurry so no big problem.While all the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful, the strange placement of the concierge desk in the middle of the lobby -- the concierge sits on an angle with his back to the front doors and never looks away from his computer screen -- was vaguely unwelcoming. Otherwise the lobby was great, with a real wood fire burning (in August!) in a huge fireplace at the end of the room, and huge contemporary artworks on display.This hotel is different and fun, and we would return.	
Aug 17 2009 	Posh Yet Funky	Been to NYC a few times, and Heard about The Gramercy Park Hotel.I loved it, very pleased with the Very Friendly StaffLoved The Rose Bar, and The Roof Top Bar	
Aug 11 2009 	Trendy Nice but Overpriced	Check in: Arrived at the hotel around 1:30 p.m. I was told I had been upgraded twice, from a Superior Room ($345) to a Loft. I checked online, and it was actually a Deluxe Loft ($515). Front desk staff was very nice and friendly. Hotel / Room: I've had difficulty explaining the hotel. It's modern, but not W modern. More like weird, artsy modern. And very, VERY dark. The room was big, a corner room, and almost seemed like it was originally two rooms with the wall knocked down. The decor has a bit of a matador theme to it. The bathroom was an okay size, with a shower big enough for two, but again, bad lighting. The bed was firm and comfy, and the italian sheets did not disappoint. The room was the quietest I had ever had in New York.Rooftop Terrace: The rooftop terrace was wonderful, with a glass enclosure that could be opened and closed. The weather was fabulous Friday &amp; Saturday, and it was nice to sit outside. Sunday it was warmer and overcast, and the glass was closed. We had breakfast twice and lunch once. Both the lunch and breakfast menus are limited, and very expensive. For example, $30 for contenental breakfast, $39 for a very limited sunday brunch, etc. At lunch we ordered the 2nd cheapest bottle of wine for $95 that retails for $15. Athough expensive, the food was good and the service was attentive.Overall: I enjoyed my stay at the Gramercy Park Hotel and was glad I had a gift certificate to offset some of the cost. Due to the quiet area, I wouldn’t have picked the hotel, but was glad I was able to check it out. The service was good overall, but not even close to the best I've ever received. I doubt I would stay here again if I had to pay $350+ a night. Just not my style. Pet Peeve: On Saturday night, I returned to the hotel around 1:30 a.m. and wanted to have a nightcap before bed. I went up to the rooftop terrace, but was told it was closed for a private event. I went down to the lobby to ask if I could have a drink in the Jade Bar. I was told I needed a reservation, but could ask the door man if there had been any cancellations. Although I was told at check in I would need a reservation after 9 p.m. (even if I was a hotel guest), I found it pretty ridiculous that it was so difficult to get a drink. Oh, and when I had a drink at the Jade Bar the day before, it was $17 for a stoli and club soda.	
Aug 3 2009 	Gorgeous hotel amazing staff	Comfortable, elegant, stylish rooms, great service - a treat!The bar is incredible - the watermelon mint martini by the Israeli barkeeper was the best ever!	
Jul 31 2009 	Gramercy Park Hotel is in a wonderful location	*Rooftop garden is beautiful and is fun for people watching*Servers at Rooftop garden very friendly*Drinks are very expensive*Room was cleaned daily*Bed was wonderful *Room was very dark*Hotel lobby very dark*A different experience*Area around hotel was wonderful and quiet*Room service not always prompt*Menu prices too expensive*Not sure that I would return*Gramercy Park next door was a real treat*If you want to spend that kind of money go for it	
Jul 27 2009 	Trendy Dark and Different	We stayed for the weekend and were upgraded to a larger room. The bathroom was really really small - when the shower door and bathroom door were open you could not stand in the bathroom. It did not really make sense as the room was very large especially for NYC. The hotel was dark but trendy.	
Jul 13 2009 	A fantastic place to stay in NYC!	I stayed at the Gramercy Park Hotel for one night at the end of a week's stay in New York. I have to say it really is a stylish hotel. The lobby is very impressive with a beautiful chandelier as the focal point. The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful - nothing was too much trouble. Also, the guy who brought my bag to my room was literally male model material - in fact everyone who worked there was model material! My room was tastefully decorated, spacious and had a great view over Gramercy Park. The ensuite was small but perfectly formed with great fixtures and fittings and luxurious products. The location of the hotel is in a lovely area close to the subway and within walking distance of lots of shops and restaurants (a ten minute walk from Macys). All in all I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Gramercy and only wish I'd been able to stay longer - one night was definitely not long enough. Incidentally a friend went on to stay at the Waldorf the next night and said it wasn't a patch on the Gramercy. Praise indeed.	
Jun 20 2009 	fantastic six days in new york	what a fantastic place. great location, very helpful staff, lovely atmosphere. we arrived after a long flight to discover they had upgraded our booking to a loft room on the third floor, so were chuffed to bits. we'd looked at previous reviews and knew that we'd need to take earplugs, so the noise outside was no problem at all (don't forget to take them if your room is overlooking lexington). the bed was the comfiest i've ever slept in and the roof terrace was a beautiful (they even gave us free coffee on our last morning). yes, it is expensive for the extras, but frankly that was no problem. don't bother with room service as it's a fortune, but head up the road to the murray hill diner if you want a hearty kick start to the day...	
Jun 14 2009 	comes with the key to the Gramercy Park	I lived in NYC for 6 years and never got to go inside the Gramercy Park ....until now. This IS the best thing about the stay here. It's a cute, well done, great service boutique hip hotel AND a key to the Gramercy Park. Go for it. It's a bragging rights picture on the facebook that you get out it. Hotel itself is cool, adequate luxury place with a comfortable bed, nice accesories, leather desk. Not everyone may like the dark green walls with the red velvet accents....I did. Think &quot; bordello&quot; like decoration, in a good way. Nice. Love the wood decoration and the scent in the entry hall ( is it cedar ? ). I was upgraded to a &quot;loft &quot;- miniature sized room with normal high ceilings....not sure if this was a loft, what is the scale of the standard room. A shoebox ? Well, this is New York afterall.	
May 18 2009 	A change for Schrager it really works....and yes I bought the t-shirt	Stayed at the GPH and have to say it was terrific. Service was spot on from getting out of the taxi til the time I left. Brilliant design that is nostalgic and timeless but not in a glamour way with all things bright and shiny and new. More of a mansion from &quot;Gangs of New York&quot; with untreated timbers and rich, dark, ripe colours and hues. The rooms are dark, there are dimmers but if there was a suggestion is that you should be able to turn up the voltage in the bathroom. Shaving was a little more difficult than usual. All other elements very comfortable, excellent minibar (bought the art t-shirt as a last minute gift) Had drinks in the bar and the list was interesting and well thought out. Location worked for me because this time I had stuff to do down town. I have previously stayed at W Union Square but actually prefer this now. The only downside was the gym with the low ceiling and limited equipment. I'm hardly the jolly green giant but I felt it was compromised.Apart from that, loved it. Will return.	
Apr 25 2009 	Unique Hotel	I've read some of the negative reviews and had to add my opinion. I have stayed at the Gramercy Park Hotel twice and find it unique, interesting...and SO much better than almost every other NYC hotel I have occupied. The rooms ARE dark, and yes, I had to call for extra soap as well, but the location is great, the service is wonderful and the rooms comfortable. I have no reservation recommending this hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	Sexy Chic Hotel	We spent 3 nights here in January w/ Amex Platinum card with the 3rd night free-so they give you the room upgrade, free breakfast, and a complimentary lunch. It is such a chic, beautiful hotel, with amazing original art hanging in the lobby and bars and located in a great area--Gramercy park, which is such a nice area in Manhattan. You feel like you are in a private club when you are here. Yes it is very expensive--the Jade Bar is so expensive for drinks and the Rose Bar is by reservation only whether or not you are a hotel guest--celebrity spot--one night we were there we saw Kate Hudson, Sean Penn, Josh Brolin, and Anne Hathaway. A round of drinks for 2 can run you minimum of $40 ( unless you get beer). The Rooftop bar is open only for hotel guests and their friends. It is one of the most beautiful hotel rooftops in Manhattan. From Breakfast to sunset drinks its awesome. The service is great here also, and very attentive. We brought our own bottle of Veuve Cliquot Champagne for a special occasion and they let us have it in the rooftop. Nice staff, beautiful hotel, would definitely go back again.	
Apr 23 2009 	LOVELY - GRAMERCY PARK HOTEL	As a seasoned luxury traveler, I expect a quality product and greatservice at the hotels I choose - especially in major metropolitan areaslike New York. I stayed at Gramercy Park Hotel recently and receivedjust that. A lovely property with spectacular design and a team ofemployees that were just as nice as possible (especially the Front Deskand Concierge). What a gem!	
Mar 28 2009 	Over-rated Ripped-Off Fed-Up	Unfortunately, read the latest reviews here and trust them - I wish I did. This hotel does not deserve 5-stars but does deserve the disapointing ratings listed here. We arrived at 4:00 pm (after having informed the hotel that we would likely arrive then) aftter a long transatlantic flight and were told that our room was not ready but that if we paid 150 USD more per night we would get the next category of room right away. I told them that we were insulted by this and that we reserved a month earlier , reconfirmed and were disappointed to have to wait. They told to wait in the bar - where they did not offer us water, tea or anything - instead we paid 11 USD for a beer and 9 for a water and waited 20 or 30 minutes for our room. The internet noted that the rate for our room was 452 per night with a special for every other night at 50% discount. We were charged 595 per night (with 50% on the second night) - when I inquired why not the internet rate we booked I was told that if you do the math the actual price per night is 452. The internet info was highly mis-leading. The room was okay - nothing impressive and VERY dark and certainly not worth 595 per night. The bath area opens into the room and is very small and too dark for putting on make-up. I had to ask for body lotion and they never refilled the shampoo or lotion during our 5-day stay. We only had one roll of TP, and had to call to get more. There is no room for anything on the bathroom counter and towels and tissues are placed under the sink. No amenities like cotton swabs or nail files. The table in the room was placed in front of a sofa - fine for relaxing but terrible for working. No working light, no electrical plugs for a laptop, telephone charger, etc. This is not a good hotel for a business traveller - the business center is literally a small closet off the front desk - only room for one person at a time at a tiny desk. They charge 16 USD per day for using internet in your room. But the hotel bed was comfy, though. If you don't have advance reservations, you can't get into the bar for a drink. We asked if we could have tea or wine on the sofa in the lobby - absolutely not - the only offer was to make us a bar reservation for the next night. The roof-top garden area is lovely for breakfast, but costly! Two orders of egg benedict, coffee and juice was about 125 USD. On the internet the gym looks great - but it is a small room with 2 &quot;nordic trainers&quot;, 2 treadmills, 1 recumbant bike, a couple of weight machines. The hotel has some nice art, the lobby is small, not much personnel around. The employees and bar guests are all in their mid-20s. When I asked directions to the Gramercy Tavern (nearby well-known restaurant I recommend ) the casual girl at the front desk pointed right and said go left a couple of blocks but didn't know the names or numbers of the streets - she didn't seem to have a map to offer. She really didn't know where to send us or offer to call but we managed to find our way there with help of asking passing pedistrians (the clerks directions were completely off!). The hotel is in a fun part of town, if you want to pre-book to hang out in the bar with the young and lovely you might find the hotel worth staying at - and if you like dark, slightly dank rooms that feel like your old Aunt Edna's parlor (complete with lacy throw on the sofa and kitchy chairs) and you like spending a lot of money for not much, then this may be the hotel for you. If you can't get into the bar to pay 20 USD for a GT, you can relax in your room with one of the only free things in the hotel - the loan of a DVD from their collection. Oh, they don't leave newspapers on your door, and when I left shoes out to be shined the night before, I had to call in the morning to get them back. And when we sent laundry out with normal service requested they tried to charge 50% for express.	
Mar 26 2009 	Overrated	Ian Schrager treatment so hip yes, worth it ? Negative. Not only overpriced, hotel is cheap! 1k per night for penthouse level but one bar of soap and had to call for a bar for the shower and had to call for lotion. Get this; $70 per night to valet park your car? Give me a break. Bright spot is the Rose Bar which you must reserve with concierge even if in residence. Rose Bar on Wed. is Okay but DJ a litle strange. Thursday night is a different vibe and definitely filled with hotties. I did resent being asked to give up my seat so a large party could be seated. At these rates plus $20 martinis, NO ONE should ask me to move anything. They should be plying ME with drinks and stand over me with a fan.	
Mar 24 2009 	Don't even consider this hotel. It is awful	Uncomfortable, tiny cramped room switched for mucho moolah to a bigger dorm-style room with still the same tiny cramped cold bathroom! They redid the decor--frightful--but left the old NYC bathrooms intact. The room was very COLD and we couldn't get the temperature to rise. There were no shampoo, conditioner, body cleanser or body lotion, we had to request them--TWICE--because the front desk insisted we must have missed them (we didn't). We even had to ask for toilet paper because it ran out after two days and there was no replacement. Overpriced. Overrated. Not a find. Should not be in this class of hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Love it!	What a unique place. My room was fabulous, although a little dark. Bathroom on the small side but on the whole - the room was superb. Huge, comfortable beds &amp; beautiful crystal glasses for the well stocked mini bar. Bar was a great scene on Friday &amp; Saturday. Highly recommended. This place is cheaper than the St. Regis by far - and does not skimp on quality. Oh and the staff were extremely helpful!	
Feb 22 2009 	Hated It	Booked for 2 nights on expedia. The place looks nice but it's like a movie set. Lots of pretty coverings but underneath--ecch. The air conditioner kept me up the whole night. When I told them I wanted to leave, they said they would take care of the bill for the 2nd night with Expedia. I believed them. BIG MISTAKE. They lied. Plain and simple. Took me DAYS to unravel the whole thing and finally get my charge taken off my credit card. The people at the front desk were NO HELP when I called. As if I had never been there. GPH is a BIG RIPOFF. If you're 20 years old with tons of money to spare and no taste, then you will like it. There seemed like a lot of partying frat types running around the halls. Save yourself the headache and have a drink there if they let you up to the roof garden. But don't stay there.	
Feb 18 2009 	A superficial shambles completely lacking in style	The one positive thing I can say is that this place and its staff look pretty and are situated in a great location for walking (or taking quick cab journeys) to the best bits of the city. I wish I'd read some of the reviews on here before I booked... in retrospect, I am not surprised by stories of people being served drinks in broken glasses in the Jade Room or being left to see in the New Year on the freezing pavement.The Gramercy is, of course, primarily a hotel so – before turning to the “extraordinary” entertainment facilities – here is what hundreds of dollars a night can buy you: tiny bathrooms with brown running water that is intermittently too hot or too cold, broken bathroom taps, a heating system so noisy it wakes you up, towel rails that fall off, internet access at $16 a day, and further unnecessarily extortionate charges just to listen to music on the in-room entertainment system.The Gramercy, however, likes to market itself as more than a hotel, with its “original and exciting” spaces with “unique” atmospheres: The Roof Club, The Rose Room and The Jade Room. We spent 4 nights at the hotel, and the Rose Bar was booked out for private events every single one of those nights (the Jade Room, by the way, is not a separate bar; it is a small entrance hall to the Rose Room, where you can get a drink). This meant no access for hotel guests, although the concierge told us we would be able to get in after 1am, which actually suited us. At 2am we returned to be told - quite rudely - by the doorman that there was no way we were getting in until later. We did have access to the Roof Club (although on one night this closed at midnight, meaning there was nowhere for us to go in the hotel for a drink). I’m sure the Roof Bar is lovely in the summer, but in winter it is totally lacking in atmosphere, has a terrible soundtrack, and is serviced by the Gramercy trademark of beautifully bland waiters. The Roof Club is the acting hotel restaurant. There was an extremely limited food menu and the (pretty frosty) waitress told us that this was because the menu was totally separate from the room service menu (despite all of the items clearly being taken from the room service menu, cooked in the same kitchen, by the same people, in the same hotel). We did stop by the Rose/Jade Room during the day for a quick post-shopping snack to find the same deal: a slightly different, very limited menu, again with everything appearing on the full Room Service menu and therefore being cooked in the same kitchen, by the same people, in the same hotel, but with no flexibility in ordering.We sat at the bar, where the barman and a couple of staff talked very loudly about how crap their jobs were, how boring it was working there during the daytime and how dull the guests were – a laughable error considering one of our party is a travel journalist for a national broadsheet. These miserable failed models could not care less that we were in earshot. Admittedly, we were more interested in talking to each other than entertaining the staff - our mistake, clearly. How this place manages to encourage people to continue to spend money for the privilege of staying there is simple: it’s got a very good PR agent that gets it onto ‘hot lists’, and has a doorman that makes it difficult to get into the (overwhelmingly disappointing bar) in order to maintain the hype. In reality, this place is both run and patronized by people who have no idea what true style is. There are many ways to spend your money in NY; I urge you not to do so funding this superficial shambles of a hotel.	
Feb 16 2009 	Where's the amenities?	My husband and I just returned from a Valentine's Day overnight at the GPH and we were very disappointed. We chose this hotel because our dinner reservations were downtown and thought it would be more convenient. Also, the last time we stayed overnight, we stayed uptown. We will not return to this hotel. We were triple upgraded to a one bedroom suite and at checkin thought this was awesome. Well, not so awesome. The room itself was really cool. Great art, great colors. The bathroom was horrible. The toilet was on top of the shower. I felt like I was on a boat. The shower was not a separate stall but a bathtub/shower with a curtain. A curtain, yuck! The water pressure was great but so strong that it created a wind effect that caused my husband to do a dance in order to avoid contact with the shower curtain. Turndown was a joke. No slippers, no water bottles next to the bed, the towels used to clean up the tons of water from the shower incident were not replaced and the tissue box was empty. How is that service? We recently stayed at The Lowell and can tell you that the luxury and contrast is like night and day. While the rooftop bar was awesome but visiting it is not worth it if it means having to stay at the hotel.	
Jan 6 2009	"Dropped the Ball on New Year's Eve" Part II	I was the other shivering person in the incident described in the review below mine (&quot;Dropped the Ball on New Year's Eve&quot;). Thought I'd chime in too, but want to make clear this isn't some *other* incident that the hotel screwed up. I'm just elaborating.I'm the one who booked the reservation. I've stayed at GPH before -- more than once -- and liked it.I had already booked a regular room there for NYE but then received one of their marketing emails for a special New Year's Eve package, which required upgrading to one of their suites. Suites are often (not always) a bit wasted on me -- I don't throw wild parties or live like a rock star or do illegal things in the bathroom -- so the only reason I changed my reservation and upgraded was because of the special bells and whistles that were supposed to come with this special, super-cool NYE package. The two bells and whistles I cared about were (1) guaranteed access to the Rose Bar and (2) late check-out. I was perfectly happy to pay a premium to ensure that we wouldn't be standing around freezing our asses off not getting in anywhere at midnight on New Year's Eve. Which is exactly what happened, after two different staffers turned us away from the Rose Bar and we ended up listening to the count-down from the street (failure #1.) The staffers had never heard of this NYE package, or the guaranteed access part of it, and they didn't bother to check internally to find out if we could possibly be telling the truth (failure #2).By the time I found a manager who said that &quot;of course&quot; access to the Rose Bar was part of the deal, midnight had come and gone. Failure #3: no attempt to make amends. Not even a comped glass of champagne.Failure #4: even though that particular manager knew that this had all gone pear-shaped for us, there was apparently no communication internally about what had happened or any kind of hand-off to the day shift, because when we checked out the next day, the other person on duty was surprised to hear my reply to the standard-procedure &quot;how did you like your stay?&quot; Failure #5: When I told her about the Rose Bar problem, she offered to comp us breakfast, but then realized that breakfast was supposed to be included in the rate as well. (When no other offer was forthcoming -- all while she's finalizing our bill and closing out the valet parking -- DoINeedAVisa suggested that it might be a nice gesture to comp us the $50+ charge for the valet parking, which she did.) Failure #6: She asked why we were checking out so early when our rate gave us a check-out time of 2. I told her I had asked expressly about check-out time the night before and had been told noon. (She was sorry about that too. She did offer to let us stay in the room, but we'd already cleared out by then.)If I had wanted to be a hard-[--] about this (and I never am in these situations, I just vote with my feet), I would have expected the following: comp us the room for that night, or offer us a room on the house for some future stay. I had such a great time overall on NYE that I wasn't in the mood to have some hissy-fit with the front desk over a hotel snafu. But DoINeedAVisa and I agreed it made sense to share the story here, since we both benefit from TripAdvisor reviews regularly.In the meantime, it's back to the Mercer for me, although I'd gladly return to GPH just to hang at the Roof Bar.	
Jan 3 2009	Dropped The Ball on New Years Eve	The Gramercy Park is a gorgeous hotel, and its roof club is perhaps my new favorite place to hang out in the world, but they made a completely unacceptable error on New Year's Eve. We reserved a package that included guaranteed access to the Rose Bar (and double-checked that this was the case), but when we showed up at 11:55 on NYEve no one seemed to have heard of this package and we were refused entry at two different doors. We ushered in the new year shivering on the sidewalk in front of the bar.The next day the hotel made several good faith efforts to recover from this lapse, including comping our breakfast at the roof club, but still...	
Jan 1 2009 	Polished friendly and comfortable	Unlike many boutique hotels, I found the staff at the GPH to be extremely friendly and helpful. They were all young and cute, but they had none of the attitude that you often find among the ranks of the stylish youth that seem to run the world of hip hotels.The hotel itself did not disappoint either. Arriving for a long weekend right after Christmas the lobby could not have been cozier with a fire in the oversized fireplace and a beautiful twinkly Christmas tree. In fact, all of the public and private areas of the hotel were not only stylish and beautifully decorated (with a great art collection) but everything was in pristine condition. Perhaps it is the relative newness of the hotel, but it is rare to find a hotel where all of the finishes are intact, nothing is worn, no stains or chipping, or scuffing.Trying not to spend a fortune on a hotel in NYC, four of us stayed in a double/double which was surprisingly big and comfortable. Like the rest of the hotel, the room had a &quot;dark&quot; feel to it, but unlike other dark boutique hotels, there was plenty of lighting by the beds and the desk. where it is most needed. Nothing I hate more than not being able to read in a hotel. That was no problem here. The room was beautifully decorated, with plenty of closet space, comfortable chairs, big TV, beautifully stocked mini-bar with very nice crystal and other accessories.The rooftop lounge/garden is truly spectacular. Very cool, comfortable decor, lots of different places to sit--although not much light to read in the interior lounges--a great place for a delicious but pricey breakfast or a delicious but pricey martini ($19). The bar off of the lobby is also great space that requires reservations after 10 pm.The fitness center is small but very nice and complete. Various free weights and weight machines, punching bag, about four cardio machines overlooking Gramercy Park.Another perk of the hotel is access to the private Gramercy Park. Open only to residents on the square and guests of the hotel, it is a wonderful green oasis. With an unseasonably warm 63 degrees on a December day, I spent a half hour sitting in the park with a book. Make sure you bring your cell phone, however, the staff not only have to walk across the street to let you in, but they also have to come back over to let you out.Although the rooms were very quiet, we were on the 17th floor just below the rooftop/lounge garden level which meant a bit of furniture moving noises late at night and early in the morning. It didn't really bother us much, but light sleepers or the easily annoyed would probably have had a fit.We booked directly on the hotel website using a non-refundable, advanced purchase rate saving a little more money. With no actual contact with the hotel staff I was amazed that all of my requests were honored (high floor, no feathers, non-smoking, New York Times in the morning).A great stay.	
Dec 18 2008 	Light on Love heavy on pretention. But still a good brew.	GPH is like an old girlfriend you still call at 1:00 am from the Star Bar after too many mojitos. She is always there, and happy to have a good time. I won't carry on. Here is the deal: I love this hotel, and have stayed on several visits. But this time the pretentiousness of the check-in event hovered at above normal altitudes. I was with my comely new girlfriend, and tinged by nerves, I confess. But I was so embarrassed by the complete lack of common courtesy demonstrated by the two people at the front desk. We walk up after a half day's travel, and neither woman acknowledged our existence. We stood there in disbelief as I was about to spend the dividend quotient of a large third world island, and no one could even muster a &quot;buenas tardes&quot;.Anyhow, one anecdote of many. Overall, despite my better judgement, I will return. The hotel is comfortable and tastefully designed. But the staff must improve (doormen excluded -- wonderful and helpful guys). The desk folks really must get over themselves. An air of sophisticated je-ne-sais-quoi is expected in such high end mercantile. But being an ass is just never cool. Greet guests with warmth. Not garrulous chatter, or saccharine fakery, just warmth. All the best.	
Nov 18 2008 	A Designed Experience	From the spicy cedar scent that permeated the lobby when I first arrived to the blue velvet throw strewn purposefully across the foot of the bed, my whole stay felt designer, chic, and artsy. I will echo some of the other reviewers and laud the staff at the property for their casual professionalism - the bellhops are the friendliest I've encountered in NYc.I had an opportunity to enjoy GPH's 1-bedroom suite and would return to the dark, moody, Absinthian room in a heartbeat for an extended stay. Even though some of the artwork within the room could qualify as creepy (rabbit-headed man in suit, anyone?)The aesthetic of the rooftop terrace/bar is simply amazing - you eventually notice that there is also a decent view of the city but realistically that plays second to the decor.Gramercy Park itself is cute even though the gates and fences make me feel more hemmed in rather than any sense of privacy.Now for the caveats:The Rose Bar is a disappointment. Though it was crammed full of people, I found the atmosphere stodgy and boring. Pretention, of course, is de rigeur and I enjoyed the artificial &quot;exclusivity&quot; of the guestlist.Also lacklustre is their restaurant, Wakiya - the flavours are uninspired and the menu lacks a signature. Not sure why it is fairly busy...Prices/Rates at GPH can beggar belief. If you have to ask how much then... you get the idea.Gramercy Park Hotel's beautiful property, decent location at the end of Lex, and friendly service, combined for a positive and memorable experience. I would recommend this hotel for young professionals, singles or couples, not traveling on a tight budget.	
Nov 13 2008 	The rooms are dark really dark	Public areas, the lobby, the rooftop terrace, the bars are kind of swank (and the drinks at the bar are priced suitably high), with pieces by art world celebs like Schnabel, Basqiat, Hirst, etc., but the rooms, though pretty spacious by NY standard, are marred by a poor color and decorating scheme. It's all way too much chintz and velvet. And it's way too dark in there! You can barely read the papers without turning on all the lights and raising the blinds! Clearly not intended for people who actually need to do work in their hotel rooms.And everything is a bit overpriced in that nickel and dime kind of way. For instance, they will charge you for Internet usage per device (so my wife and I were charged for each of our laptops until we protested and they took one of those charges off). On the other hand, being a guest at the hotel gives you exclusive access to the rooftop lounge, a really nice place to have a late night drink or breakfast in the morning. Again, it's all good but pricey.The neighborhood retains traces of the classic old NY, like Edith Wharton and Henry James NY, so that's a plus for anyone who wants to stay in a boutique hotel away from the mobs in Soho or LES. It's probably worth it to stay here once for the experience but not for return stays.	
Nov 12 2008 	Small bathrooms great staff	In the first room we entered pillows weren’t changed; we were immediately transferred to a new one – superior queen. After one night we decided either hotel has to upgrade us or we will change hotel. I haven’t seen such a small bathroom anywhere in NYC. Absolutely nowhere to put your toiletry, but nowhere. Light bulbs put around the mirror are great for photo session in fancy magazine but no use in bathroom; they produce heat and give no proper light. Rest of the room was nicely decorated in neo gothic style with very comfortable bad.After we talked to very polite and nice front desk lady we were given king loft room. Room was very spacious with working area and huge bathroom (same lights though). Hotel itself is very popular partly due to Rose bar. If you are guest of the hotel after 10 PM you have to put reservation, no entrance other way. We had a drink around 7 PM. How fancy bar is, well after we ordered drinks we waited for 15 min, and one cocktail came in broken glass, no drink napkins and no snacks (some tables get them some not random order). One waitress for whole bar. We never came back.One suggestion, hotel is keen to use red leather in walk-in closets, my white shirt and vest were colored red due to that. Hotel cleaned them with no extra charge.Hotel itself is very nicely decorated (though these imitations of a night club do have strong limitations – you hardly see numbers in the elevator for example) with one of the best staff we encountered around NYC. Form bellboys to front desk and housemaids, all of them were very kind and polite. If you go on published rate then I would say it is definitely overrated and not worth the money, on the other hand if you get a good deal then try it just be aware - in standard rooms bathrooms your toiletries will have no space, just like camping.	
Nov 9 2008 	An updated review...	Since I wrote my original review I've had the opportunity to stay at the Gramercy Park hotel a few more times, and my last visit was just plain disappointing. I've always found the doormen/bellhops at this property to be very friendly and really helpful, and this time was no different. However, on my this visit the man at the front desk who checked me in was extremely cold, and when I asked for a room facing Lexington Avenue I was told that I would need to pay more for such a room. They have always accommodated this request in the past and I was surprised by how quickly he turned me down without even looking in to the possibility. Upon entering my room I discovered the wonderful view of an air shaft and the brick building behind the hotel. I also discovered that I could look directly in to other hotel rooms, and realized they could do the same. When I went to close the blinds, I discovered that one of the blinds was broken, forcing me to pull the velvet curtains and make my small room seem even darker and smaller. The room was also half the size of the previous rooms I had stayed in and the trash can still had the previous guests trash inside of it.The bathroom was ridiculously small with absolutely no surfaces on which to place a toiletry kit. To top it all off the shower curtain liner was moldy.The only redeeming quality of the room was the closet, which was a walk in closet and larger than any of the closets I had previously at the hotel.The beds are definitely still fabulous, and when in NYC a comfy bed is so important after long days of running around.In the end I was disappointed. Disappointed that the hotel rewards frequent guests by lowering the quality of their rooms. To me, it just seems unacceptable. I'm definitely going to reconsider staying there on my next trip and will book myself and the crew that I am traveling with elsewhere.	
Nov 9 2008 	An Instant Classic	I am a New York native living on the West Coast and travel frequently for business. I generally stay in 4 and 5 star properties and decided to try the Gramercy based on rave reviews from various coworkers. I arrived quite early in the morning after a red eye and was pleasantly surprised that my room was ready at 6am. Bleary-eyed and exhausted, I was practically giddy upon entering the standard room. Hardwood floors, an incredible bed, a large sitting area with a full-sized sofa and leather-wrapped table, wood-paneled bathroom with an enormous bathtub, and various other delightful features. The room was rather spacious by NYC standards and the space is extremely thoughtfully laid out. I was actually able to entertain people in my sitting area before dinner several nights. Again, this was a standard room. The staff was both friendly and helpful, and let me into the park twice. Access to the exclysive park is a major bonus, as it is gated and private. The park location means peace and quiet are plentiful. If you're looking for a scene, you can find it at the hotel's Rose Bar. Just be sure to make a reservation if you plan on going after 9pm. I can honestly say this hotel has won me over and I will be a frequent guest. I was actually sad to leave the room upon check out. Now that's a first.	
Nov 1 2008 	Dark and Musty - Service Not So Good	We were recommended to this hotel by American Express Centurion Travel. This hotel is a member of their Fine Hotel and Resorts program. Normally this is a guarantee of at least four to five star category.This was a business trip and I didn't research much. The room rate was in the 7's, (but AMEX had a third night free deal). There's no way this hotel is worth this type of rate, and by what we saw downstairs at the reception - everybody was getting upgraded quite a bit.When we got there, there was no bellman for the first five minutes. The one that came was very nice, and he helped us go through there rooms before we found one we could stay in.Room one had no bathtub.Room two smelled strongly of cigarette smoke.Room three was a suite.The hallways and common areas can be described as a scene from Batman (probably where the joker would live) pretty much completely painted black but splashed with carnival color accents. The lobby smells of such dank, dried-in-the-walls incense that it reminded me of an old greek church. So imagine in your mind a dark, dank lobby atmosphere with a booming subwoofer, smelling of a monastery.The rooms (the three I saw) all faced a really drab brick building exterior with firewalks and vents. It's no wonder that they paint the blinds black, and keep all of the blinds closed. During the day, I opened the blinds, saw the creepy South-Central Los Angeles looking view out the window, and with the sunlight streaming in I could see all of the scuffs on the dark walls, which normally wouldn't be visible. I closed the blinds and preferred the &quot;dungeon&quot; look.The bed was very comfortable - great sheets. Room service menu is limited. There are two restaurants, an asian restaurant and another one, the asian restaurant menu is available only during limited hours.In the morning, breakfast is served on the garden rooftop. It's kind of like a greenhouse up there, with interior seating areas that open to an enclosed (but retractable) glass area. You can't see how high you are simply because the walls and plants around the perimeter don't allow you a view of the city, without standing on your toes. The glass was baked with a patina of city pollution anyway, so I don't really know what the view looks like.This hotel reminds me of those nights at the bowling alley when they turn on all of the black lights so that everything looks neon, and up goes the subwoofer, with all of the staff striking poses and trying to look hip.If you like any glimpse of daylight, you won't find any at this hotel. It is especially creepy during the daylight hours. My friends who live in Alaska tell me that the winters are the hardest - no sun during the daylight hours. Positives? Our room was a suite with separate sleeping room - so the size was good. The bed and bedding were super comfy. Oh - you should know, you only get one remote control for the two TV's in the separate rooms. When I called about the missing remote for the front room, the front desk said, &quot;the same remote controls both TV's&quot;.Oh.	
Oct 9 2008 	a pleasant surprise	I was on a long business trip, and this hotel was a pleasant surprise. Often &quot;boutique hotel&quot; means that the staff exhibits more &quot;Attitude&quot; than quality service. But everyone I dealt with was not only efficient but affable. The room was a delight, like the guest quarters of an eccentric aunt. The bath amenities were great, as was the bed. Dry cleaning, room service, computer access, rooftop garden lounge were all fine. The location near Gramercy Park provides a quiet enclave in Manhattan, but it is close to public transportation as well as some of the city's finest restaurants.	
Sep 8 2008	Silver Anniversary Sadness	Called ahead to ask for a view suite and mentioned it was our 25th anniversary. When arrived, desk staff surly, clueless about our request, brought us to dark inner suite. They changed it after much ado, to a semi nice suite with view. Went to roof terrace for a cocktail and told them we were entertaining people that evening did we need a reservation. They said no, when we got there we were told we did and no tables. I cried for the first time in 25 years. Thank God I have a wonderful husband. Service, ambience, absolutely the worst ever.	
Jul 5 2008 	Best Hotel in New York City	This is an amazing hotel. The decor by Ian Schrager is amazing, and definitely makes the overall experience of this hotel a fantastic one! My husband and I loved our room. It was a very spacious room with the most beautiful decor. Unfortunately, my digital camera battery was dead on this trip so I couldn't take any pictures of the room. I will be sure to post some on the next visit (we will stay at this hotel every time we travel to NY).The bathroom was decent sized and clean. The closet was good, though there was not enough space to hang clothing.The bedroom was very well layed out and plush. We loved the dark colored tones and the wood paneling on the walls. The flat screen tv could be pulled out and turned to face the bed, or the desk. The desk was setup so that one side had a chair, and the other side had the couch. A very innovative way to arrange the furniture, and well thought out.The only thing we didn't like about the room was the lack of electrical outlets. Usually we like to plug our cell phones in on the nightstand. There weren't any outlets around the bed, or in the entire room with the exception of 1 outlet (via the lamp), on the desk.I had to iron our clothing by plugging the iron into the bathroom plug and using the ironing board in the small hallway.Other than that the hotel was fantastic. It is conveniently located off of Gramery Park and within walking distance to the 6 train. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 17 2008	Nice hotel with shortcomings	This is a boutique hotel that has excellent furnishing, the bed is amazing and the room decor is top notch.However, the location is not ideal for business travellers as it is rather far from the business district and midtown. The hotel restaurant Wakiya is the weakest link as it is very very pricey but delivers sub-par food and is very limited in its menu selection. The service was neither efficient nor firendly.Too bad, would have recommended this hotel but for Wakiya.	
Jun 11 2008 	Perfect NYC Experience	Everything about our stay was perfect. Amazing public spaces. I loved the design throughout the whole hotel including the two bars and the guest rooms. The service was very attentive and the staff was extremely warm and proffessional. The am concierge was stellar . All around this was a memorable NYC experience!	
Jun 11 2008 	Overpriced and disappointing	Positive things first: The design of the rooms is great and they are spacious. The roof garden is by far the best that I have seen in New York and the overall atmosphere of the hotel are what I had hoped for. Location is excellent. On the other hand, the hotel did definitely not live up to my expectations, which admittedly were rather high, given the steep price, ever for New York. Staff are not very helpful, service at the roof garden is painfully slow. Maid service is poor (a dirty towel that apparently had been used for cleaning had been left in the sink, soap etc was not re-stocked, etc etc). We had to call twice and it took the hotel more than 24 hours to have the safe opened that had been left open but with the bolts locked by the previous guests. Shower is absurdly small, given the rather spacious bathrooms. Windows are old and do not absorb the outside noise. The roof garden was closed for a private function during 3 nights of our 6 nights stay. I did not have any trouble with accessing the Rose bar - as the bar was always empty we did not even intend to have a drink there... Concierge was very kind, but in the end did not manage to secure us a table at one of their highly recommended restaurants, even on a Sunday night.All in all, I thought the hotel was overpriced for what they offer, service, room and style can be found with other New York hotels (Royalton, The London NYC) as well for much better value. I will not stay there again	
Jun 7 2008 	appalling	Huge dissappointment! if you have half a brain don't bother going.... service is completely non existent across the board. staff is useless, they seemed to be too worried in trying to be cool and completely lack guest attention. evrything took forever to get. one of my worst stays ever in a hotel	
May 22 2008 	Poor Service Dark rooms....it just doesn't live up!	The Gramercy was quite a disappointment. The Roof-top staff were unbelieveably slow with very few guests. Service is not a priority - they weren't even friendly. Pour the coffee - after it took 15 minutes to make - and go. Our room - an upgraded suite - had a toilet and shower in one room - the bathroom door hit the toilet the room was so small. You couldn't open the shower door and the bathroom door at the same time - they would hit each-other. Picture that--that is how small the bathroom is!! The sink, which was in the hallway, had a very bright light fixture on one side of the mirror, and nothing (except a dark brown wall) on the other. Absolutely impossible for putting on make-up, etc. The Asian restaurant was excellent - the best part of our stay.The mostly-male hotel staff seemed more for looks than service. Most times I had to look for someone to help us with the door in/out of the Hotel and I got my own cab most times, too.	
May 13 2008 	Great rooms service levels unacceptable.	This hotel was a beautiful boutique affair overlooking the peaceful Gramercy Park area of New York, and by definition is a little quieter than the buzz of the nearby Broadway and 5th Avenue. The design and decor of the hotel are fantastic, as is the hotel's Japanese restaurant where we ate on our first night. However, for this standard of hotel you simply don't accept or expect the following problems:- We booked a 4-person car to pick us up from JFK on arrival, and were greeted by a car which had been asked to pick up a single traveller, so we could not fit ourselves or our luggage into it. This was the hotel's mistake. - We arrived early and were told that we would be called on our mobile to let us know when the room was ready. This didn't happen. - Our travelling companions were then booked into a room that was already occupied. This is a definite &quot;no-no&quot; in the hotel world, and was shocking and unacceptable.- Having paid for a deluxe suite they were then given a tiny, old room. They had to argue to get this upgraded. Disgraceful. - We found the Rose bar's admission policy unacceptable and overly pretentious, as it favoured guests from outside the hotel. Even having booked a table each night, we found ourselves ignored and neglegted by the hosts on arrival at the bar. - Having collected our bags and coats prior to departure on the last day, they managed to lose our coats and had to search everywhere before finding them.It seems that this place expects you to pretend to be a celebrity of some description, as everyone there seemed to pretend to be so! All in all if they sorted out the service and the state of affairs in the Rose bar, this place would be great. Unfortunately for us it was not.	
May 11 2008	horrible service overrated and overpriced	Horrible service, inattentive staff, non-existent client-customer relationship experience, and not worth the price at all. Food is mediocre at best.	
Apr 23 2008 	Horrible service!!!	Stayed at Hotel for 4 nights last week - Service was terrible - I have stayed at other Ian Schrager properties and this was by far the worst - no water in rooms - glasses in restaurant still have orange pulp or lipstick marks from previous user - Smokey Rooms, No water in rooms, Arrival Martini Glasses that we finished were still dirty and in our room when we checked out - just terrible for the $725 rate we paid a night - I would certainly not go back - The Rose Bar was fun but you cannot get in even if you are a guest of hotel - you still have to beg!!!! Good Luck!	
Apr 22 2008	Awesome hotel	This is our third visit in 4 months and we can't get enough of this hotel.It exceeds our expectations each time we stay. It is not the typical sterile New York hotel. The location on Gramercy Park is perfect for most everything you want to do in New York Everything about the hotel is unique and interesting. It starts with the unique decor and terrific artwork, but the most outstanding part is the customer experience. From the greeting of the door man to the check in, concierge, and room service, everything was perfect. The entire staff has been expertly trained in making sure you have everything you need and are happy with your stay. The roof top bar is a wonderful place to have a cozy cocktail and the Rose Bar is a happening place to be after 11PM. The food isoutstanding at Wakiya as well.The total experience created here is one that we enjoy and can highly recommend.	
Apr 20 2008 	Expensive but worth it as a special treat	We had booked the hotel on their website saved a bit of money and so upgraded to a deluxe loft. When we arrived our room wasn't ready so we were given a complimentary drink on the roof terrace, whcih is lovely. Unfortunately the service was rubbish - took ages to order the drinks and then even longer to receive them. A lady from reception came to bring us our key, which was nice as they had said they would call our mobile.The room was even more beautiful that I expected it to be, and was massive. The bed was really comfy, and so was the sofa though you needed to use the cusions. It is quite a dark room, even with all the lights on, but during the day it was fine if you rolled the blinds up and at night it was very cosy. I had let the hotel know that it was my boyfriend's birthday and when we came back the next day we had a birthday cake on the table which was a nice gesture. Room service was very prompt and the breakfast was really good. However, service for brunch on the roof terrace was again rubbish as they gave our food to another table so we had to wait even longer!The Rose and Jade Bars were lovely - the Rose Bar has a pool table which was fun. Ask the concierge to book a table. The cocktails were yummy. One night we ate at the restaurant (Wakiya) and had the taster menu for $60 each - it was very tasty.We didn't really speak to the concierge as they all seemed a bit snooty, but the door staff were really approachable and gave a good tip for a local dinerThe hotel has a channel on the tv were you can view your hotel bill and check out remotely - it didn't work so had to do it the old fashioned way.We didn't manage to have time to check out the park but had a good view from the room. The whole area smelled of dog poo!Beautiful and expensive hotel full of elegant and rich people, but worth it to experience the luxury and amazing art work.	
Apr 12 2008	Very Nice!	Great boutique hotel in a perfect location!Upgraded to a corner suite at check in, it was by far one of the nicest, most stylish hotel rooms I've stayed in. Great atmosphere, though the corridors are very dark.Can't say enough about the room, the furniture, tv's, bathroom, everyhting was perfect. Not cheap, but worth the money	
Apr 8 2008 	Nice decor atmosphere a bit stuck up	We picked the Gramercy Park for it's location, &amp; because it looked as though it would be a cool modern hotel. All of that was delivered, &amp; we also had a great sized room (we booked a loft room) so that was all good. When we arrived, the service from the doormen &amp; concierge was good, but other than that it was a bit mixed, except a great cocktail waiter in the Rose Bar. It's hard to put my finger on it, but most of the people there didn't seem genuinely friendly, or particularly interested to give a good service or make your stay a memorable one. At a lot of the places we've been to in New York we've come across people who do seem genuinely friendly &amp; love the place they live, but this hotel was largely lacking in this, &amp; seemed more interested in things such as a booking policy for the bar after 10pm, even when it wasn't busy.So while there were good elements to staying here, we would probably try somewhere else in future, as we expected better for the money we paid.	
Mar 22 2008 	Loved Staying At Gramercy Park	I just returned from a three night stay at this hotel. My son and I were visiting New York University and wanted to stay at a hotel that was different from the every day hotel experience. This hotel did not disappoint.Yes, the hallways and decor are a little dark. I loved it! There's a nice aroma to the lobby and elevators -- it smells like cedar wood and perhaps a perfumed oil. We both found it to be very pleasant.The actual rooms are somewhat lighter -- although definitely not bright. The walls of our room were light blue, which brightened up the decor -- plus there are plenty of lamps and one can always open the blinds during the day. The bathroom was very nice, as were the toiletry products. There's an in-room safe and a refrigerator/bar area.The television in our room was set to the left of the beds, but that didn't really bother us as we stayed out all day and evening and by the time we landed, we only read a bit and then went to sleep.The hotel front desk, concierge and doorman were all very helpful and friendly. Housekeeping did an excellent and timely job.The location was great and I highly, highly recommend Sushi Samba which is just a block down and about a block over from the hotel. It was delicious and very trendy sushi restaurant.If I were to list any cons -- they would be:1) The rooftop restaurant is lovely, but $32 each for a breakfast meal (an omelette and fancy (tasty!) hashbrowns), along with $8 orange juice and $9 coffee was a little much. We did enjoy it one time, however, and the food was delicious.2) In the opinion of a caffeine addict, there should always be a coffee pot and coffee provided as a free amenity in hotels -- especially a hotel of this class.Other than that, I have nothing negative to say about our experience at the Gramercy Park Hotel!	
Mar 11 2008 	Dark smoky and with bad service - but the shower was great	My husband and I, who live in NYC, stayed here overnight for his birthday. We were greeted nicely and received excellent service by the front desk staff, But from there, it was a disappointment. We received a very nice upgrade to a gorgeous room overlooking the park. BUT, the room smelled overwhelmingly of cigarette smoke. Even after opening the windows. This contributed to the very dark feel that the hotel is trying to evoke. Which, frankly, I found a bit too much. The pay per view function on the TV did not work; after we called for a repair twice the guy never came. They forgot our coffee for room service; it took about a half hour for the guy to come back after we called. We had drinks in the bar, but the waitress was MIA when we would have liked another round. What a disappointment.	
Mar 11 2008 	Almost loved The Gramercy Park Hotel	This was my first stay at Gramercy Park and I love the decor, the vibe, and the furniture. The room set-up is wonderful, with a king size bed, big dining table that has two end chairs and couch, so you can work, entertain, etc in your room. The restaurant is wonderful and the roof top garden restaurant is great for breakfast and lunch. There were some problems: the heating/cooling system was not renovated so the radiators are VERY loud and clank any time the heating element kicks on, the thermostat was a constant problem, even after being replaced with a new one. The bathrooms are very small, and the room, although very cool in design, is as dark as a cave, even with all the lights on. With all that being said, I enjoyed my stay here and will stay here again on my next trip (with ear plugs). The location is perfect, service is excellent, food is fabulous, room service is great and quick.	
Feb 26 2008	A lot of problems especially relative to price	We spent a weekend at the hotel. For $695 we paid for the &quot;deluxe loft&quot; room we expected more.First, the room itself is very very dark. There aren't enough lamps and all the furniture is dark too. It's a bit depressing. The hotel is also dark in general - the corridors are almost black.The prices of everything are exaggerated - the mini bar, the hotel restaurants, the room service, and especially international phone calls - we were charged about $10/minute for an international call! and a small glass of orange juice is $10.We didn't go to the Gramercy Park itself since we saw it from our room and in the winter it looks like a cemetery, not a park. It's also very small.The service in the hotel isn't very good. We requested early check in, came at 11:45 and had to wait an hour for our room. I also asked for Champagne to be put in the room before we arrive and it wasn't - I had to remind the hotel staff and wait additional time for that. We did get a complementary chocolate cake for the birthday we were celebrating (however it wasn't tasty). I also emailed the hotel before coming about the champagne and didn't get a reply.In addition, when we wanted to use the &quot;business center&quot; (a tiny room with a printer) to print something it was always busy in the lobby (only one person can use it), and in the upper floor the printer didn't work. The location is good - quiet, but still close to Union Square, Broadway etc.To summarize - we're not experts in NYC hotels, but I think for this kind of money we could've found something better, maybe less &quot;stylish&quot; but with better value for money.	
Feb 18 2008 	5 star hotel prices with 2 star service	Great location but at $ 600 per night they dont have free coffee in the morning. Very bad service the front desk was like talking to my 5 year old. Our reservation got mixed up ! For this kind of money stay at a real 5 star hotel ! Bathrooms need to be updated	
Feb 7 2008 	Style with feeling	This hotel is all about style so if that annoys you, well gosh, stay at the Marriott Marquis. With that out of the way, the Grammercy Park is one hotel that really pulls off the high-style look but in a comfortable, even homey downtown way. Our King room, done in rich colors and lush fabrics, was ample, almost large with a super bathroom sink and walk-in shower. The flat screen TV and I-pod sound dock was really appreciated, and the bed was huge, firm and decked out in fine cottons. We didnt hear a peep from neighboring rooms or the street, we were on the 12th floor. Loved the rooftop garden and it makes a great nightclub... The guest breakfast was a little meager and with sub-par fruit, hope they can spruce that up. Loved the bars downstairs with lovely waitress, nice bartenders and a well-behaved local crowd. The concierge and doormen were outgoing and easy on the eyes! If you dont like it here, sorry there is something not right with you..I We could have stayed inside the hotel all weekend and feel like we really did NYC..	
Jan 16 2008 	Elegant but naive	The hotel is superbly furnished in the common parts and in the rooms, although our bathroom was really small. The two bars are fantastic and very popular as well as the Chinese restaurant, apparently one of the best in NY. Negative comments on the service: concierge and bar staff not as helpful as expected, essentially little experienced and made arrogant by the &quot;popularity of the hotel&quot;. I hope some further practice in customer hosting will help filling the gap between image and substance.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very Chic	We chose this hotel to celebrate our 25th anniversary and were ultimately pleased with our choice. We stayed one night. We arrived at 11 AM and our room was already available. We had read on this site that the noise from the bar was distracting to guests on the lower floors. I never heard the bar and had no problems on the 12th floor. The hallways are extremely dark (must be part of the glam decor) but the room was very nice. The furnishings and prints were very eclectic and well coordinated. The room was clean and comfortable. We went up to the rooftop (enclosed) bar for a drink before dinner. Evidently, only hotel guests have access to this bar. It was very nice and had a great view. Since we told the hotel ahead of time that it was our anniversary, they provided complimentary champagne--a nice touch.The neighborhood was very nice and convenient.Overall, a pleasant and worthwhile experience.	
Dec 5 2007 	Cool and different	We booked this, following a recommendation, for our wedding anniversary. I was arriving after 20 hours of flying and looking forward to some relaxation. My wife was there for the shopping!The entrance is very impressive, warm and dark, filled with the exclusive scent of the GPH candles ($115!). We had booked a standard room, which was typically New York and tiny. I hurriedly upgraded to a Loft room, which was great.I booked a massage at the spa and relaxed completely, while my wife went shopping.The bar is not bad and crowded after ten, but the rooftop area is really great, with views around Manhattan.I would definitely stay here again, although it is not cheap!	
Nov 13 2007 	Dark Boutique of a Hotel	We heard lots of cool things about The Grammercy Park Hotel, and have read several positive articles. We stayed two nights in a one room suite. Comments as follows:-Our room on 4th floor very dark, the whole aesthetic with red curtains, wood floors, funky furniture is really fun for an hour or two, but not very functional. It will not stand the test of time. Hard to see, heater fan loud, outdoor traffic/sirens/garbage truck made room very noisy. One full length mirror in very dark closet, no ironing board, funky switches for all the lamps. Had to swat several flies during two day stay as well. Kind of tires you out. Bed was very comfortable and flat screen tv in our room very nice.-If you stay here, you have to go to the Rose Bar, good music and crowd, but be sure to make a reservation, preferably around 10 or 11 p.m.-Upstairs rooftop spot was really nice, lots of plants and candles and friendly waitress, but was empty at cocktail hour around 7p.m on a Sat night. Continental breakfast the following day was okay and there were a handful of people up there.-Spa is just one or two small rooms with a common changing area (have to wait your turn to use locker or shower - unisex).Website makes it sound like a tremendous spot. Not the case, very small and no place to lounge/decompress beforehand. Got a great massage, but room is next to workout area and you can hear everyone talking and working out.-Workout area not used, but did not come across to me as comprehensive as website made it sound. Couple of treadmills, weight machines and big freeweight set. Workout area was bright and had windows, a plus.-Staff all very young, were very nice for the most part to us.-Hotel not conducive to getting a quick to go coffee or newspaper, or checking e-mails on house computer if you do not have one.-General area at 22nd and Lex is nice, restaurants and drugstores nearby.Summary: We had a fun experience, but will move on to another hotel in NY on next trip.	
Nov 13 2007	what a cool spot!	My husband and I were in town for a wedding and decided to stay at theGramercy Park Hotel after reading that it was a cool spot. I have tosay it was one of my more memorable stays-and for good reason. Thestaff was always on hand for any and all needs we had. My husband hadnever seen a broadway show so the concierge arranged us tickets. Ourcar service was always on time. Really felt like a true VIP. Oh anddid I mention the celeb sightings in the Rose Bar? Definitely aneexperience.	
Nov 9 2007	Style over substance	I was very excited about staying at Gramercy Park. I was taken on a celebratory trip by my father for three days of shopping and eating in NYC. We had both been advised by colleagues and friends - who are based in New York- that this was THE place to go and that the rooftop bar was the latest bar to see and be seen. As is often the case with much hyped and 'trendy' hotels, it was not quite up to scratch as a real luxury hotel. Given it is a boutique hotel, I guess some would say things might be different from an old fashioned luxury type of hotel. But I can't help but think when you pay so much for a room - even if it is highlyfashionable/trendy/boutique, you should still expect perfect service, food and luxury rooms. The room was fashionably decorated, but a little small. We had a room with two double beds and I guess the use of space was clever. The airconditioning was centrally controlled so we could not change the temperature on our own. Staff were friendly and helpful if you asked them but I was immediately disappointed when upon our arrival and check in around 10pm on a Sunday night and the front desk did not automatically offer to take our bags up. Is it just me being a bit old fashioned? I figureat those rates and it was not too late in the night- this is somethingthat should be automatic no matter how 'cool' a hotel might be. What we found most amusing was that we'd heard so much about the rooftop bar and yet on the night we arrived for a drink we were the only ones there. We thought, ok, maybe on Monday or Tuesday there'll be celebs coming out to play- but on both those nights I checked the bar and again, barely anyone was around. We were also amused by a young couplefrom abroad staying there who caught us in the lift and said they had heard they could go celeb spotting at the rooftop bar. I must say, it got me thinking about whoever it was that did the PR for this hotel. Fantastic job in giving such an impression. Or perhaps New Yorkers were already bored with this haunt. We only ate at the Wakiya room downstairs for breakfast and found it to be quite good but were tickled when my father ordered a Japanese breakfast with miso soup only to find the miso soup was filled with the seaweed salad that should have been on the plate. Either the breakfast chefs have not got a clue about Japanese food or someone was still recovering from a night out..The maitre d was somewhat embarassed and luckily we were hungry and in a good mood. She claimed none of the staff were Asian that morning. Funny for an Asian restaurant. Other than that, our stay was mostly pleasant. Luckily, this is a cityhotel so people don't really expect to stay in the hotel all day as one would with a resort. As I say though, sometimes experiences like this in trendy hotels make me think a good old fashioned luxury place where they have service down to perfection is more worth the large amount of money one pays to stay there.	
Nov 1 2007	I love it but...	There are several things to love about the hotel:The products are awesome, the shower is fantastic, the entire hotel has a great smell, the beds are super duper comfy, the windows open for fresh air, access to the rooftop is fun (and i had a star sighting) and the floors are hard wood, which to me says &quot;cleaner than carpet!&quot;BUT, as much as I love the hotel, there were several service problems that I encountered:1. Slow: I checked in at 5 or 6 PM and my room wasn't ready! checking me in took almost 30 minutes!2. The Park:Got the key to the park from the front desk. They don't give you the key, but instead send a bellman to let you in. The bellman was supposed to come back to get me in 20 minutes, but the bellman never came back. I even called the hotel twice. Some lovely neighbors with a key had to let me out. 3. BIG Mistake:I made a reservation for one day, but wanted to stay for two. They said &quot;no problem, but you'll have to take another room and we'll move your belongings for you.&quot; &quot;No problem,&quot; I say and went about my day. When I went to get the new key and go to my new room, I walked in on people who were already given the room! Did I get an apology, no? Did i get anything comped, no! I don't know what happens behind the desk, but it's not good and it's really inefficient.4. DVD?Ordered a DVD from their list and it never ever came.All in all, I love the hotel, but they made a ton of mistakes. I would never pay to stay here, but it's on my list of corporate preferred hotels, so yes, I would stay here again, but not on my dollar.	
Oct 22 2007	Disappointing	I agree with the negative reviews below. I feel the hotel tries to be too many things to too many people. It's a fashionable nightclub-type place for New Yorkers and attempts to be a hotel as well. We stayed in a room just below the roof top bar and the thumping from above was just dreadful. We had just flown in from Europe and wanted a rest and there was a private party going on above us. The way I see it you're either a hotel or you're a nightclub, not both. OR at the very least sort out your noise insulation. And pls pls pls repair the screeching lift - it's embarrassing . We left at 1am on our first night.	
Oct 6 2007 	Have a drink and stay elsewhere!	All style and no substance. We stayed here last night for our anniversary.I work 10 blocks away and we live in a NYC suburb and have stayed in most of the hotels in NY. The much acclaimed roof bar was closed for a private party. The restaurant got an awful review in the Times this week so we cancelled our reservation. We scheduled massages in the &quot;spa&quot;. When I called to confirm upon arrival, I was told we had no reservation, after being left on hold for 15 minutes they figured it out. The &quot;spa&quot; was 2 roomd with paper thin walls in the small gym without music,candles and only threadbare towels. I could here every step from the treadmills. The therapist arrived 10 minutes late from a previous appt. downtown.To top it all off, when we returned to our room at 11pm after dinner,it was boiling hot. The A/C was not functioning. After someone came up and was unable to fix it, the manager offered us a new room,and gleefully said it was an upgrade(gee thanks at midnight I was thinking of getting in my car and driving home).Needless to say not the best anniversary. In all fairness,I must say they were apologetic and did not caharge for the room.Lots of better choices in NY	
Sep 26 2007	Great Experience	I had stayed at a few of Schrager's hotels (Mondrian, Delano, and the Hudson), but this looked nothing like them. The Gramercy Park has more personality to it, which I like, and more interesting decorations. There's some serious art in the lobby, bars and even in the rooms (Basquiat, Twombly, Hirst, Warhol, Schnabel) so the overall feeling is more bohemianthan modern. There's a garden bar on the roof for hotel guests, which is really beautiful, and a Chinese restaurant from Nobu that opened right after my stay there. The staff was very attentive, and despite my short stay, managed to remember my name—the mark of a great hotel. It's a shame that tourists don't normally get to see the Gramercy Park area, so I'd highlyrecommend the GPH for anyone that wants a completely different type of experience.	
Sep 19 2007 	Treated Like Royalty	From the moment the handsome doorman opened my cabbies door and I was ushered into the art filled lobby of the Gramercy Park Hotel, I knew that my weekend stay at Ian Schrager's hotel was one I would remember forever. I was impressed with the size of my bedroom as I remember hearing stories about how small Schrager's hotel rooms were known for. I felt immediately at home in the unique room -- though my home certainly wouldn't compare to the glamour of the space... The drinks were amazing in the Jade Bar - I love the intimacy of the little bar - the perfect place for a sneaky afternoon glass of wine -- and the roof terrace was gorgeous... I'm surprised there weren't busses of tourists trying to get up there as it has to be the best view in the city.I would recommend the grammercy park hotel to anyone who needs some TLC for weekend in new york.	
Sep 18 2007 	loved the public areas hated the rooms	The Rose Bar and the Private Roof Club are great -- very enjoyable, and lovely atmosphere, (especially the roof club which is wonderful for afternoon drinks) but even that doesn't balance out the rooms which are so anticlimactic I felt I had to leave the rooms to appreciate being there! Roomservices was disappointing and my morning coffee was always so cold when it arrived. Despite booking multiple rooms (I traveled with a big group of friends), when we tried to reserving a table at the Rose Bar, the staff was uncooperative. Worse yet, they gave us a problem at the door when a few friends joined us that weren't guests of the hotel -- and by problem, I do mean they were quite rude! I'd definitely recommend W the Court over this any day -- their rooms are bigger, their bar is nicer, and all their staff is much friendlier.	
Sep 18 2007 	Have never in my life had a worse experience	My fiance and I decided to treat ourselves to a weekend in the city after our Jetblue flight to California was cancelled. It has taken me this long to write this review because I get so upset just thinking about it. The service was absolutely abysmal. At $500 + a night, one would expect to be treated like a guest. Not so here. I left in tears on Sunday.	
Sep 18 2007	non pareil! incredible!	Incredibly chic, incredibly beautiful, and aesthetically pleasing in ALL ways. Anything you needed in a hotel room was already there, beautiful crystal, luxe cotton velvet draperies, mario badescu bath products in the bathroom, hand set ceramic tiles, deep english bathtub...exquisite color scheme, sage green and claret, walnut floors. NO NOISE whatsoever in room. Attentive and gracious staff. All of these things and more will make this my hotel of choice in NYC. So beautiful one could come to the room and never leave to see the city. Jade bar and adjoining salon very romantic. 5 stars.	
Sep 17 2007 	Beautiful Hotel not so beautiful service	I' ll start out with the good points... the bellmen were wonderful and inviting. The bellman we had were engaging and professional everytime we came in contact with them. The lobby is beautiful and original with a royal feel to it. The rooms are very English feeling with dark colored walls and rich fabrics, I thought the room was amazing and the bed was very comfortable. The location was close to just about everything and the neighborhood is pretty quiet and very posh. The roof top bar has a wonderful view and a charming atmosphere. The bad side of our hotel stay had to do with the placement of our suite on the third floor, we very unfortunately were right above the bar which at night on the weekend can stay open until 4:00 am. I called three times about the noise, the first was around 11:30 and was told the music would be turned down. We left the hotel for about an hour and a half because we could barely hear the movie we rented.We came back and the noise was still very loud(continous thumping of the bass), I called the front desk again and was told the music would be turned down. At 2:30, I called one last time saying the music was too loud and was told by the front desk that my complaint had been brought to the manager's attention and that they had turned down the music already. At that time I was also told we only had about an hour and a half left before the bar closed and that it was very late so we could not change suites at this time. I have a hard time being diplomatic about noise when the main reason people go to a hotel is to have a place to sleep and at $800.00 a night I do expect to be able to go to sleep before 4:00am if I chose. The lack of hospitality at the front desk and the room attendant vacuuming outside our door at 9:00 the next morning just added to my dislike of the service(remembering we were awake until 4:00). I spoke again with the front desk the following day, inquiring if the bar would be open till 4:00am again on Sunday night they said &quot;No&quot;, but when I explained about our sleepless night, I got a shrug and an &quot;Oh Really&quot; , but not a sorry or is there anything we can do to make your stay more pleasant. I feel this &quot;beautiful&quot; hotel should invest in some hospitality training and also they have been open awhile, they should know not to place people in the rooms above the bar due to the noise on the weekends. No matter how nice a hotel looks, it should feel even better....	
Sep 7 2007 	excellent gramercy park hotel	gramercy park is a new gorgeous hotel in new york, trendy, sophisticated,with a beautiful lobby (mix of contemporary and gothic) and a stunning terrace where you can have brekfast or have a evening drink.rooms are not too big but good size for ny with very confortable beds,service is always attentive and the restaurant at ground floor really excellent,with a tuch of newyorker social life.we found this hotel much better than the oldest fashion trendy soho's hotel as mercer and soho grand.only the consierge is not too friendly.i defintly suggest gramercy if you like new fashion chic hotel.	
Aug 20 2007 	Wonderful stay but . . .	Me and a co-worker just got back from a weekend at the Gramercy Park Hotel. We were really looking forward to it because of the outstanding location and the beautiful property that this hotel is reputed to be.On check-in the service was excellent, though we were not offered an upgrade from our poor view/quite small room. And I could see the hotel was not at capacity.The room was lovely, great furnishings, nice touches. The service excellent. The rooftop was breathtaking and we had a drink there in the evening as well as breakfast the next day. The rooftop is now on my personal top 10 things not to miss in NYC.The only slight issues we encountered were at the Rose Bar. We were there with a couple of friends, we had a midnight reservation and arrived at around 9:30. After our tab was at about $700 of drinks they told us they may ask us to leave as the tables were reserved. I told them that we, in fact ,had a reservation. She said we may still have to move. I appreciate that they need to accommodate their patrons BUT it was not busy (it is August) and we were guests of the hotel. She never mentioned it again, nor did she apologize, so we never quite knew where we stood until we left at around 1:30. It certainly made, at least me, feel less than welcome.And on another note, the next morning housekeeping came to our door twice and asked us twice how long we would be before checking out. Shouldn't we be asking them that??Other than those two very slight considerations, my experience at this lovely, well run, beautiful hotel was wonderful and I highly recommend it to any who enjoys better hotels and wants to avoid the big boys (Ritz, Mondrian, etc.).And I could not review this hotel without mentioning the sheer joy of being surrounded by the magnificent artwork.	
Aug 18 2007 	Grand Hotel with an eyeblink to Art	It is a Grand Hotel. I want to say that first. But the more you get to know GPH, the more it will surprise you.I had stayed three nights at the NY Palace (between 50th &amp;Madison) and changed hotel for my last night in NY.This hotel is a 5 star NYC Hotel but you can easily understand that is different.It's not where grand hotels are. It's in the Gramercy District, where Lexington finishes just on Gramercy Park. Great location if you want to visit SoHo or TriBeCa.It has not the staff that luxury hotels have. The management must have organized sort of a competition among the nicest girls and guys of NY to find its employees. Beautiful girls at the reception or goodlooking bellmen in black tie (different uniform form hotel luxury hotels) will welcome you on your arrival. I have to mention even the friendly and helpful Concierge Staff.Beyond the entrance door, in the lobby, Warhol and Basquiat paintings make you step back. Everything in that lobby tastes of art.Have a drink or play pool onthe red leather pool table in the Jade Bar. You'll see NY moving in that place...I've personally tried a One Suite Bedroom. Great! As many amenities as a modern luxury hotel should have and more maybe... iPod nano with ready-to-go playlists and JBL On STAGE II Speakers will give a rythm to your stay. I also appreciated the 2 26 inches LCD TVs, the Mario Badescu Lotions, the design bathrooms with Frette bathrobes and the great italian Linen.Once you've seen your room you have to know that it is a Bazar...YOU CAN BUY ANYTHING YOU SEE IN YOUR ROOM, not the beds I mean, but umbrellas, ipods, crystal glasses and prices are often too high.Poor Breakfast. I had breakfast included rate and so I got it but they'll charge you 10$ for a Cappuccino!!!! that is pretty unfair as we had to pay for hot beverages and no one form the hotel had mentioned that!!!Prices. I got a deal for the suite at 400$ (as there was an offer for August) but prices are about to raise vertically... the normal rate for that suite goes from 1100$ to 3500$.Try GPH at least once when you go to NY. I'm sure you won't regret your previous Grand Hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	Worth every penny!	Having stayed at the Manderin Oriental and the Soho Grande, we had very high expectations but we wanted a change....this was a special occasion and the hotel staff made certain everything about the weekend was wonderful. The room was outstanding (though we did need to be moved, since the first room had no view), the location perfect and the roof top bar beautiful. The concierge could have been more responsive, but we are used to that in NY (we are too old to be part of the &quot;beautiful people&quot;).If you are willing to spend just a little bit more, this is a great choice for a romantic weekend. The location is better than the Mandarin and the staff was as accomodating.We will definitely be back!	
Jul 27 2007 	Fabulous hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Gramercy Park hotel over the weekend of July 21st. We booked our room through the hotel website, which has special weekend rates. Part of the deal included a free upgrade based on availability. We arrived early in the morning on a redeye and were able to check in to our substantially upgraded room early. I can't say I would have been as pleased with the hotel had we been given our &quot;entry level&quot; standard superior room as I'm sure it was significantly smaller but we loved our loft category room. The rooms are a bit dark and the lighting isn't that functional but the beds are wonderful, bathroom products are great and the decor is truly unique. The rooftop bar was closed for a party saturday night be we did wander up during the day and could see it would be a great place to have a cocktail at night. If you plan to visit the Rose Bar after 9pm be sure to make reservations, it is a hot spot in NY. If I had a complaint it would be the food from Room service food which was expensive (no surprise for NY) and not that tasty. All and all, the hotel is beautiful with an attentive staff and cool vibe.	
Jul 22 2007 	Best hotel in NYC	Really, there should be more than 5 stars to rate the Gramercy. It is exceptional. Much more than a hotel.To give you an idea of this reviewer, my husband and I have been fortunate in our work to have stayed at some of the best hotels in the world. Hands down - Gramercy Park Hotel is our absolute favorite, and this was our first stay.The reviewer from Barcelona said it best - the place is phenomenally gorgeous, the staff offer service and a graciousness as if Gramercy is their own B&amp;B, and everything about it is top notch. Worth every single penny. Every single employee at the Gramercy has a warm, attentive, relaxed vibe. Philip and Max at the door were prompt, gracious, and fun to chat with. David Mareno, the manager at the concierge, is delightful. David the driver (yes, you get a free ride in a 400 class Mercedes up to 20 blocks anywhere! Book with concierge) was very kind and remembered our names and lives from the first ride. I regret not remembering all the front desk staff's names, but each and every person we encountered were incredibly generous and kind.We booked a suite at the last minute, and it was everything we could have hoped for. Gorgeous, very roomy, nice lighting and details. We had booked just a suite without preference, so didn't have a park view, to which the front desk offered us complementary upgraded for the 2nd night without our asking (we brought our baby this trip - who wants to move?). Perhaps not mentioned in other reviews is that you have full access to Gramercy Park - a highly coveted private park which unfortunately happens to have museum-like stuffiness. I've known life-long New Yorkers who've never entered this gated park. Just ask the door guys to let you in, and call them to leave. (Get the picture? It is lovely, however...)The roof is wonderful and the drinks / food are expensive, but the real selling point of Gramercy is its people. I can't go on enough about them. I finally had to ask one of the door guys about it - really everyone acted if they had ownership in the place - he said working there is as comfortable as a family and most have worked together for years, even before the Gramercy. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO UPTIGHTNESS ABOUT THE PLACE. It's comparable to coming home. Truly ! This is important to mention, because in our stays of some other beautiful places, you'll run into a snooty bellman or stuffy front desk. Perhaps you request extra toiletries, and attitude arrives. At the Gramercy however, housekeeping brought a bagful of soaps with a smile.I could go on &amp; on about the beautiful interiors, but other reviewers have described the Gramercy immaculately. Simply put - we returned relaxed like we had spent our days on holiday instead of 16 hour workdays and meetings.We made friendships here and cannot wait to return to our home in NY. I immediately booked corporate rates for our frequent trips. We'll never stay at another hotel in NYC. Does that convince you?	
Jul 16 2007 	We loved our stay at the Gramercy Park	My husband and I stayed the week of 4th of July and to be honest we were weary of staying at the Gramercy because of the bad reviews I had read on this site. A week before checking in I called the concierge Thomas and he got us reservations to Nobu and Peter Lugers and tickets to two plays we wanted to see. His service was great and once arriving at the hotel we were treated really well by all the employees there. We loved our room and would definetely recommend this hotel. The last hotel we stayed at was the Soho House and although we enjoyed that area we overall liked the service and the rooms at the Gramercy.	
Jul 8 2007	Sexy beyond belief the Gramercy is worth every dime.	The excellence of the Hotel Gramercy Park began the moment we walked through the revolving front door into the sumptuous, delightfully fragranced lobby.Immediately upon our super early arrival at 7am on 4th of July, we were accommodated with a room. Phillipe, the bellman, was solicitious to us as well as running interference between us and a “colorful neighborhood type” who apparently visits the lobby quite often. We were brought up to our room, on the 14th floor, a “Deluxe Loft Room” (at a price of $2,712 for 4 nights including all taxes and daily breakfast for two = approx $678 per night). However, it did not have a view. I requested that we have a view, and in a pleasant manner, I called down to Jamie at the front desk. I explained to him that this was my boyfriend’s first visit to NYC and that we would really appreciate a view. They moved us to room 1704, arguably the best room in the hotel with an entry with two double windows on to the park and then a separate bedroom with glass door and lovely velvet drapes (everywhere) into the bed area. I later found out that this is the “Park one bedroom suite” and usually goes for twice the price of the room we had booked and paid for! It was amazing in every way. The rooms are wonderfully photographed on the Gramercy Park Hotel website, so I wont bother with the descriptions too terribly other than to say the everything was in excellent condition, clean, and well maintained. There were literally stacks upon stacks of fluffy white towels in the bathroom. And as has been explained before, the toiletries are amazing.At night, the turn down service lights a special scented votive in a lovely red cut glass hurricane lamp. I believe it is the same scent that they have in the lobby – wonderful and the candles can be bought from the hotel for $90. Worth every penny to remind me of this place.This is a special hotel: sexy beyond words. The gym and spa are microscopic, sure, but they are very well laid out and maintained. The two treadmills have a view to the park and the two elliptical machines have a partial view. The massage I had with Ernst was one of the best in my LIFE. There is a refrigerator full of pint-sized bottles of water also with a bowl of apples upon it – so you can stock up and save, if that’s important to you. It’s not a priority to my man and I, as we splurge on room service often. The room service food itself was fantastic. We had, on different occasions, the salmon and caviar plate (super good with generous amounts of smoked salmon and salmon roe, toast points, and crème fraiche), the tuna tataki (tasty, fresh bright red tuna but unfortunately with chopped bits of – why oh why – watermelon – mixed in), the macaroni and cheese (fantastic swirls of mac with just enough cheese to coat the spirals and with toasted breadcrumbs on top), the cookie plate (sort of “meh” other than the fresh baked chocolate chunk cookies which were better than average but not spectacular). Breakfast is where room service is the way to go if you can’t make it up to the AMAZING roof terrace. We did the breakfast included and he could get his favorite American breakfast with eggs, a meat, toast, potatoes, coffee and juice. I got the continental (the usual coffee, but they allowed me to substitute a double cap for no extra charge, the fresh squeezed juice, breads – including dang good pain chocolat – and then I would add on yoghurt every day). The food always came super promptly (they warn you when you call how long it will take and even one busy night, it only took 30 minutes when they said it could be up to 45) and at the appropriate temperatures.The mini bar (they call it the “English Bar”) is simply fantastic. Yes, the prices are typical mini-bar high, but few mini bars have such good stuff! I won’t list it all, but my favorites were the bottles of Diet Coke (in little old-school mini bar bottles), the Godiva liquor, the Dean and Deluca cheese straws and the Orangina. Lots of goodies to buy in the mini-bar, as well, though $90 for the hotel signature candle seemed steep. Also in the bar is a spot that you can insert your iPod or the hotel will loan you one (but don’t lose it or you are set back $750!!) and it blares tunes out at a suitable loudness for the entire room.The rooftop private club is the best reason to book this hotel. We loved it and spent nearly every waking moment there, as we are pretty much homebodies when it comes to traveling. There are a variety of environments up on the roof, and you may bring a guest or a few guests to enjoy the experience with you. Of the various seating areas, two of them have massive flat screen TV’s with CNN playing all day. I would prefer to have something else playing (and the volume was off anyhow), but I never bothered to ask. The help was always accommodating in every way, quickly serving us food and drinks with very little wait, even on busy Friday nights and Saturday cocktail hour.I found, in fact, the service to be quite good, if not utterly flawless, in all departments. For example, everyone was always pleasant and checked back with you to see if you needed more of something or another. On the other hand, on evening I ordered a glass of Veuve Cliquot rose along with my late night crème brulee dessert and it was not the right champagne. They sent something blonde, not pink. I called room service and was told they would send up the proper glass of bubbly. Then they called back and said they needed the other glass of the wrong liquid returned. It seemed a bit cheesy to ask for that, though of course we obliged. On another hand, we sent two shirts out on July 4th (a holiday!) in the midday, and asked if we could have them back the next day by the evening, and they actually got them back by mid-afternoon. The shoeshine was also quickly turned around and was, as such things should be, complimentary.On another service note, there were some discrepancies in the attention to the replacement of toiletries in the room. When we initially checked in, there was no conditioner in the shower. Sometimes we got new shampoo and conditioner, as well as replacement facial wash and lotion. Sometimes we did not. We never got fresh soap after the 2nd day, which I found oddest of all. Occasionally we would get two shower caps and no cotton kit. But that I had to ask TWICE to have the mini bar restocked was a bit of a shame, as we would have happily gobbled down more (to the hotel’s profit) if they had stocked on a daily basis.The concierge was helpful and remembered my request for nightly reservations to the Rose Bar. The door boys (none old enough to be called door men!) were not always in sight when we exited, but then they would appear outside to hail us a cab. One evening we were fortunate enough to be able to utilize a town car that happened to be in front of our hotel. The cost was only about 20% more than a taxi and pleasantly luxurious.As a side note, if you can secure a reservation (Again, American Express Platinum concierge helped with this), try to eat at Per Se. It was divine.To sum the experience up, I would definitely stay at the Gramercy Park hotel again, if I could afford it. It is certainly not inexpensive (our bill for the mini bar, Rose Bar, and room service was equal to our 4 night room stay!), but the value is superb in comparison to, for example, our stays at the Hotel de Crillon in Paris or the Hotel San Clemente in Venice. Also, it is sexy and chic – a place to certainly brag to people about, and which, like its mate the Delano in Florida, has a glitz unequalled to nearly any other hotel in the Big Apple.	
Jul 7 2007 	unacceptable	Yes the place looks cool, in fact all the hotel employees I encountered were great as well. But at these prices the shower needs to drain, and the toilet paper holder should not be broken. And at $600 for one night I should not have holes in the drywall of my suite either. The hallway was being painted when I checked in, and shoddy workmanship was abound. My final gripe was upon checkout when I saw a $15 charge for WiFi connection. On the whole far too much money considerring the poor quality. I would not stay here again. Save your money and just look at the place but don't stay there.	
Jun 28 2007 	Style no substance.....	Gramercy Park Hotel was i hoped different to the other Schrager hotels that typically age badly and have awful services and rooms.The communal areas downstairs and on the roof deck are the highlights of this hotel.  As is typical with all Schrager properties, its a great place to visit for a night out, but there's zero reason to stay here. For an evening out, call ahead and book access to the bar downstairs or the roof deck. But definitely stay elsewhere. All the money has been spent on the bars downstairs. The hotel itself has cheap, shoddy rooms: shower didnt work properly, wall paint was peeling room 810. For $800 a night thats unnacceptable. Breakfast was ordered and never arrived. Staff were apologetic, and i wasnt charged. Errors do happen. Unfortunately it confirms the GPH as typically Schrager: all style no substance.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great friendly athmospere	In short, the vibe at the hotel is great. As soon as you walk into the lobby you are greeted by the nice musky smell emanating from the fireplace in the back of the lobby.The staff were all extremely helpful and friendly and the service at the rooftop restaurant/bar was great. I was immediately made feel welcome by the young concierge's and the rest of the staff, who were all helpful and cool to talk with. So often at these more hip hotels, the staff just doesnt seem to care about the customers, but that's definitely not the case at the Gramercy.I didnt try the bar on the ground floor, which is one of the hottest places in NYC right now and the queues in the evening's proved that. The decor did look very nice from the outside. Unfortunately I didnt have time to check the bar. The breakfast was great at the roof top as was the view.The room...was very small. The decor and everything is top of the line and the bed is very comfy, but while you have a tub in the bathroom you have no space for toiletries. Also, the chic design lamp in the bathroom obscured a bit of the mirror, so stupidly enough, shaving was a bit difficult since I had to squeeze to the other side of the mirror. All the provided toiletries are great and there's plenty of towels etc.My room was also very dark with a window to an alleyway. The hotel seems to prefer dark since all the hallways and the lobbies were pretty dark too. I know my colleagues rooms were also very dark.The comfortable and hip vibe and the friendly staff will definitely make me comeback to the Gramercy. The location is great too with everything quite close by but there's also enough peace and quiet.	
Jun 23 2007 	Sensual Textures and Colors	From the richly painted green, red or blue walls in the rooms to the splash of the royal blue throw on the bed, this hotel is a sensual experience...oh, and the pillows are amazing. Really! I emailed the hotel to find out where I could get them. It took them about two months to respond to me, but the email was about pillows for goodness sake, so no big deal. After having stayed at The Hudson Hotel, another Schrager creation, I was shocked at the size of the spacious rooms at The Gramercy Park Hotel! (Indeed, The Hudson is not designed to be spacious. I think I read somewhere that their goal is to get you out of your room.) Anyhow, the bathroom was fantastic at The Gramercy Park and could double as a sauna with the deep, rich woodwork and the shower is huge! Fantastic toilettries as well--definite plus. Back to the rooms, I love that the rooms have iPod docking stations but certainly the biggest draw of this hotel would be the textured fabrics and richness of the colors in the rooms and common areas. I haven't seen the rooftop yet but I hear it's fantastic. Also, the Rose Bar is a must but be forewarned that the cocktails are obviously crazy over-priced.	
Jun 5 2007 	A second stay at hte Gramercy Park Hotel	I thought it was time to re-visit the Gramercy Park Hotel having stayed there early last fall. My original stay there was above average, but you really can't judge a hotel until they get up and running. Hence, a second visit.There were subtle differences from my last visit, the biggest changes seemed to be in the staff. When I walked into the hotel to check-in, there were smiles from everyone. I think I was asked at least 3 times in the lobby how my flight was, how long I'd be staying in the hotel, and offers everywhere to make my stay more enjoyable. One doorman even made some great suggestions about restaurants in New York. I was quickly checked in and brought up to my room. As was the case with my last stay there, the rooms are really the coolest in NY. Again, love the huge closet, the bathroom, and the mini-bar. I immediately called down to get a reservation for myself and two friends for the Rose Bar which had been somewhat difficult to gain entry to on my last stay. That bar could be a little intimidating b/c all you see are pretty people. But when we got there later that night and the staff found out I was a hotel guest, we were treated as you should be treated when you're a guest of the hotel. I told the waitress we were guests of the hotel and her pleasure at that was most evident. And while you gotta wonder how service in a bar like that can be good, it was! On this visit, I decided to visit the gym which I had skipped last time. Very clean and a good view of the park. The restaurant still wasn't open but many of the staff were quick to point out that Nobu is doing Chinese food and it will be open this coming July. This was good news and I look forward to it when I return to NY in September. I could've skipped meals in the hotel but thought I should at least see what they have. No disappointment there. Food was very good, service very good. But the high point of this visit was the recently opened bar on the roof. This will be the biggest thing in NY once everyone finds out about it. And if you think that it will be overrun by the richa nd gorgeous, think again. The staff was quick to point out that only hotel guests are admitted. In fact, your hotel key card gets you up there. Once you exit the elevator, there was a very sweet hostess-type person who showed us to our table. And it was beautiful up there. Very, very green. Very comfortable. A retractable roof which they opened b/c it was a very mild night. The music had to be done by the same person that programmed the the IPods in the rooms. They should really sell those CD's b/c it really set the tone for the evening. Not overly crowded at all, we had a fabulous time up there and I can't recommend drinks up there enough.Overall, a great stay! When that restaurant gets open, this hotel will be firing on all cylinders.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good looking but dumb	We spent 5 nights at GPH. The look and feel is carefully crafted packaged &quot;cool&quot;, which Schrager is a genius at. The design is great and unique. Where they fall very flat is in service. My husband said it best: They just don't have their act together. Room service is just awful - the food is what you would find in missouri, and it takes up to an hour just to get ice. The staff is polished, charming and incompetent. They promise and don't deliver. All this would be reasonable if i weren't in a $2800 a night suite. The member of the family who liked GPH best was our 16 y ear old daughter, because she is not interested in a good hotel, she just wants to feel hip and grown up. If you need that, head straight to GPH, you'll have lots of company. If you're looking for a top tier hotel, go elsewhere.	
May 11 2007 	Best New York Stay of my Life	I always love visiting New York; the culture that it has to offer is like no other city. I make a point to seek out the newest and most unique sites, hotels and restaurants.My past trip to the city, I stayed at the Gramercy Park Hotel and was blown away by the ambiance and their service. The decor was so plush and comofortable, that I had a had quite the time pulling myself away from the hotel!! All I wanted to do was luxuriate in my room and visit the spa for a little TLC.If you are looking for an incredible and one-of-a-kind experience, this is the place to go.... There are original Warhol's and Schnabel's hanging throughout the hotel and are focal-points of the beautiful Rose Bar! I felt like New York's art scene was brought to me.I know that not everyone is interested in people watching, but part of the fun in staying at the Gramercy was the stream of celebs that came to party at their new private roof club. I do believe that I saw the Olsen twins this past Tuesday.Next time you are in the city, check out the Gramercy Park Hotel.... It is seriously an experience in of itself.	
May 11 2007	It's a Special Hotel	I stayed here with a friend April 21-24/2007. I thought this was a very unique hotel, spotlessly clean and luxurious. Staff was friendly. Hotel and area are very quiet.We took advantage of going into Gramercy Park to enjoy the flowers and have a look at the marvelous residences surrounding the park. While at the park a local lady told us how to get the best photo - looking down Lexington towards the Chrysler Bldg.If you're looking for something different this is the place.I hope to stay here again.	
May 8 2007	Loved Breakfast in the roof garden	I'll not copy the previous positive review but would like to add how much I liked the rooftop bar/cafe. It was a quite stunning place to have breakfast or a drink in the evening. I watched the sun go down reflected off the Chrysler building, marvellous.The art through the three bars was superb Hirst's spin, dot and butterfly paintings as well as loads of good Schnabels, Warhols, Haring('s) and a Basqiat. The rooms also had some great unsigned Magnum prints.The only slight negative would be the overprotective nature of the waitresses in the hallowed Rose Bar tried to tell us our table was &quot;reserved&quot; and that we would have to leave it at 9.30, they did relent however when my wife (feisty) informed the concierge that she would be &quot;unhappy&quot; if we had to move.The gym was a pleasant small hotel gym with a good view of the park.I actually prefer it to any of the other Schrager hotels including Sandersons.	
Apr 27 2007 	Attention to details location and friendly employees!	I stayed at the Gramercy Park Hotel on April 25th. Checked in around 3pm with no problems at all. A fire was burning in the lobby (real) and there is this very distinct smell. Earthy... pleasant. Almost familiar, but not completely.I loved it! Later I found out that it is a custom blended fragrance and you can buy the candle to take home.So anyway... the bellman took me up to the room and gave me the grand tour. Once he was gone I had the chance to really take it all in.I travel a lot... I see a lot of hotels. I see a lot of fancy hotels that are furnished with Pier One type stuff, which is ok. The GPH is furnished with artisan creations. I had to admire the quality of the rug, bed, leather desk, chairs, art and other furnishings. There are plenty of lights and large windows, so I did not have any problems with the room being dark during the daytime. At night it was a tad on the dim side, but not that bad. There is a huge plasma TV in the room and crazy luxury items in the mini-bar. The mini-bar had everything from Coke to Remy Martin. M&amp;M’s to luxury bath products. And it is not one of those annoying auto-charge systems. I was able to keep my ‘special’ water chilled without any problems.The big, fluffy bed was very comfortable and after a long day of travel, I was happy to see that I was pretty much guaranteed a decent night sleep.It was warm outside and I had no trouble adjusting the temperature of the room to my preference.The big windows faced the front of the hotel with the park to the right. I thought it was a nice view... Obviously this hotel attracts a lot of interesting people. I wish I could have seen the people coming and going better from my window but I was just beyond the point of face recognition. The room was absolutely silent. No noise at all. Possibly there are noise ordinances in this part of Manhattan? It is a very quiet area, in general. No sirens, no trash trucks, nothing.There were 3 floral arrangements in the room. 1 next to the bed, 1 next to the sink and one in the bath/shower.Which brings me to the bathroom. I LOVED this bathroom! I only wish I could duplicate it at home!In the center was a lovely brown marble counter with a huge Corian sink. There was a beautiful floral arrangement next to the sink. It looked like Asparagus with flowers.To the right was a room with the toilet, with a frosted glass door. To the left was the custom tub/shower combo. At first I was disappointed that there was no tub but then I noticed that the enclosure was a huge roman looking tub. Made of tile, the ‘bathtub’ is about 16-18” deep, 3 feet wide and 5 feet long. I could be totally wrong about those dimensions but it was big. There was an overhead shower head, a hand held shower head and a faucet. All operate independently and all had good pressure, even when using at the same time.There is a large bench built in to this shower/bath and one side is shaped like the curve of your back, so you can lay down in a reclining position.There is a large, functioning window and a vase with fresh foliage.Obviously I was quite taken by this… in less than 24 hours I used it 3 times!The bath products are also impressive. Hamadi hair products, Hakansson liquid cleanser, Lather bar soap and Mario Badescu lotion. It was like someone hand picked the best products at Sephora! The products are all 2oz, which meant I had plenty to bring home.There was a little card in the bathroom that mentioned that they used a selection of products listed as the “Best of” in Allure magazine. I am not sure if these rotate or change periodically, but I suppose you can’t go wrong with any selection.There were 2 Frette robes, slippers and plenty of soft towels. Also I noticed one linen hand towel. A nice touch and it was soft, not over-starched.The slippers are in a cotton drawstring bag, the laundry bag is cotton, the shoe bag is cottonAgain… details.Now, hopefully I am not out of space … The Park.The hotel gave me a key to Gramercy Park and I could not resist the urge to check it out.How anyone could say this is not a nice little park? It is simply beautiful. There is a wide variety of blooming plants, squirrels, robins and other songbirds. The park has a walking path in the shape of an oval and it sort of crisscrosses the park in the middle.You are not allowed on the grass but there are many benches available.It is clean and peaceful. A perfect place to watch people walk by, inside the gate and out… I took my camera and took photos of the various varieties of flowers. There were lots of toddlers playing in the center section and people spending a sunny afternoon reading. I adored it! I took a stroll around the perimeter and wondered what sort of people lived in the grand lofts and apartments that surround the park.Now THAT’S a neighborhood where I would like to live!The next morning, check out was a breeze... and the lobby still smelled really good. I can only hope that I am lucky enough to stay at the GPH again…	
Apr 17 2007 	We loved the Gramercy!!!	My husband and I got married at the Gramercy Park Hotel on the 6th April. We had a fantastic time. We stayed there for a week. The staffwere excellent especially David, Eddie and Adrienne, the concierges. They were really helpful, prior to our stay, when we were emailing them constantly about our future wedding and during our stay too. They just couldn't do enough for us, whether it was for booking a table at the restaurant, organising my hair and make-up or checking availability for tickets to see The Knicks! The porters too were also extremely friendly.The location is excellent, make sure you go to &quot;Pete's Tavern&quot; around the corner, for a drink or two, and stay for the biggest steak you've ever seen!It is true that our room was a little dark but it was fitted with the best equipment. Don't forget to bring your I-Pod; our room had its own docking station! We were staying at the Gramercy on a room only basis, and it is true that breakfast is expensive, we had it a couple of times and it was lovely but walk out of the hotel across to Irving Place and you'll find a fantastic coffee shop where we spent a lot of time.The toiletries by Hamadi in the bathroom are amazing, I would definitively recommend you buy some whilst over in NYC. Housekeeping staff were also very friendly and efficient. You could also benefit from a turn-down service at night if you wished.The Rose Bar, were we got married is excellent, but again you should expect higher than average price for drinks and food. The music is always fantastic and after ten, it becomes the place to be for young and trendy new yorkers, they also have a DJ playing some excellent music.If it is quality you are after, which we were, the Gramercy is the place to go. We will absolutely stay at the Gramercy again and would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York, especially if you are looking for somewhere really different and special.	
Apr 9 2007 	Lovely hotel	We stayed here for a week with our 7 and 8 year old and had a great time. We originally booked a small suite and found on the first night that our sofa bed was broken. They brought an airbed for the kids but in the morning when I called the front desk and explained that I didn't want to deal with the airbed for the whole week they upgraded us to a park suite which was great! Plenty of closet room, a great shower, plenty of windows (which was great-- from previous stays in this hotel--I've noticed it can be a bit dark)The neighborhood is great-quiet with plenty of places to walk. The staff was friendly and professional. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007 	Bring your flashlight	Our first impression was very good, but hallways and rooms are very dark. Housekeeping left lights always in a low intensity. We needed to turn all lights up as well as blinds to avoid self injuries. Loft rooms are equal to regular rooms in other US hotels, but I think these had very nice space compared to other New York hotels. Location is excellent. Loved the area of Gramercy and Union Square, filled with new restaurants. Staff always say YES, but things NEVER happened. Room service is slow and food quality is ok, small breakfast selection.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great atmosphere nice people but dark and sometimes over expensive	Nice hotel, great bar, nice people, good service, location ok, the rooms are extremely dark and cold, the bathroom are too small and have no bath in the suites but love the Hamadi products.Breakfast is good, room service are fine but extremely expensive.The rooms are confortable but dark and noisy. We stayed with our three children and the staff was helpful and easy, but we would have needed more space and light.	
Mar 18 2007 	What a joke!!!	Of all the hotels in NYC, the Gramercy Park Hotel is the WORST! The place is dark and not welcoming. The rooms feel old and are not comfortable. We could not even get into the bar. This hotel does not care one bit about paying guest. For $500 a night you get NOTHING!!!! We could not wait to leave and change hotels. Save yourself the aggravation and stay somewhere ells. A note to the hotel manager. Please don’t respond to my review. It is bad enough that you feel compelled to defend you poorly run hotel on every bad review. Face it, there are much better places to stay in NYC.	
Mar 12 2007 	NYC gem 	We had an excellent weekend at The Gramercy Park Hotel. The room was comfortable and well appointed, staff were very professional and friendly. The in room dining was very good especially chocolate truffles upon arrival . Housekeeping was very nice and all of the maids were really professional and super-fast while making up the rooms. The door people are great and made us feel welcome at the hotel. I will absolutely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to New York for either business or pleasure.	
Mar 5 2007	Gramercy hotel: Schragers losing it...	The trouble with this place is that it relies to heavily on image and the name Schrager. Staff are very young and although sharp simply do not have the type of experience required to make guests at their hotel feel in any way special over ordinary members of the public visiting the hotel. This is reflected by their attitude towards reservations for the Rose Bar by hotel guests and also in general when (in our case) there are problems with the booking itself. We made a reservation 4 months in advance. We specified a smoking room with a bathtub. A week before we received an email enquiring what sort of time we'd be arriving and our flight details. Impressive. However when we arrived three hours later than the informed time (after delays from london to nyc) we were given a non-smoking room with a shower instead. After speaking to the front desk at some length and waiting 45minutes we were told taht a room to our specification would take a while to prepare. By now it was 2am london time and we were ready to drop. However we had to have drinks in the bar while waiting. No-one came to keep us informed and another hour later we enquired and were shown our room. The room was very nice but we ended up in one of the nicest rooms of that level (room 603) . The night manager offered us room service on the house but when we ordered our 2 courses each we immediately got a call from him to say taht the limit was 50 bucks. I cant remember the weasels name but mate- if you are going to offer something dont be cheap about it otherwise just dont bother. Whats 50 bucks mean in a 500 a night room?! The guy was 27 years old or something with clearly a long way to go before he learns the ropes of sophisticated customer liason! Anyhow we liked the hotel itself and the behind the scenes staff like room service/ house keeping were very industrious and helpful. Front desk were a little on the hopeless side. I agree with the lady who wrote about false advertising. We too expected the roof bar to be open and yet it was still being built. NOBODY mentioned that it would be closed- I suggest that anyone who goes to this hotel lodges a formal complaint and applies for compensation as its bordering on unlawful to obtain money for a misrepresented product or service in any country let alone the U.S of A. Schrager must really be losing it if he's resorting to this sort of marketing- its really below the belt and not simply slipshod. By law you are entitled to damages for loss of enjoyment or disappointment especially for example if you say you were there specifically to photograph on or from the roof terrace or that this was the main reason for your staying at the gramercy. I am appalled that this sort of advertising is not regulated in a country where people sue someone for sneezing in their direction. Having said that the roof terrace will be completed soon. Anyhow the thing is the hotel is cute to look at and the Jade bar (which I personally preferred to the Rose Bar for its more vibrant atmosphere) is pretty cool. But people want and should be able to expect more bang for their buck from a hotel that presents sucha high end image. And I think the Gramercy just falls short of that. Sorry guys.	
Feb 28 2007 	A Different Kind of Ian Schrager Experience	I have loved Ian Schrager hotel ever since i stayed at the Sanderson, Delano, Mondrian, etc..so I was dissapointed to find that he wasn't working with Phillipe Stark again. While I don't think the design of the Gramercy Park is up to par with say the Sanderson, it is still beautiful and unique. There really isn't any other hotel like it in New York. The mix of wood, modern paintings and luxurious furniture creates an atmosphere that is sophisticated but still trendy as all Schrager hotels are. The Jade and Rose bars are elegant but fun and serve great food/drinks at a price that is almost justified. The whole hotel is pretty dark - a little gothic maybe? Some people would definately not like that - big change from the stark white of his other hotels. But I didn't mind that. We were upgraded to a suite with a separate living area which was very nice (loved the blue chair). The HD tvs, bathroom/amenities, service were all also great - no faults. The bed was heaven - as i expected it to be. The location is also pretty good but the park is kind of dull in the winter. The hotel should get even better when Park Chinois and the roof garden open. The gym area was very nice but the spa was not so much a spa - just 2 treatment rooms.	
Feb 28 2007 	Experience lovely overall but marred by false advertising	My boyfriend and I chose the Gramercy Park Hotel out of several luxury hotels in NYC to celebrate our anniversary. The staff was nice and accomodating, and I loved the decor of the lobby and the bars and the room! The bed was very comfortable, and the products in the bathroom were very nice. My biggest disappointment was that the rooftop bar which was advertised both on the website and in the list of amenities found in the room, was not open. I was so looking forward to hanging out in an exclusive club with a great view, we weren't told it wasn't open until we ran into a staff member in the elevator. Also, we were told we couldn't even go to the Rose Bar after 9 even though I had attempted to make reservations over a month in advance and was told to check with the concierge when I arrived. I emailed the info email to let them know of my disappointment about the rooftop bar, and received no reply. This surprised me as I expected such an expensive hotel to have better customer service follow-up, especially since I was just trying to be a good consumer and share my experience.So, all in all, it was a nice hotel, but not the oasis of exclusivity and luxury I had expected for the price. We would probably try somewhere else next time, but I would definitely like to see the rooftop bar when it finally opens and would revisit the Rose Bar.	
Feb 21 2007	A very unique experience	Enough has been said about the paintings, the Rose Bar and the designers. Suffice to say that it is less full of itself than many lessor boutique hotels, but still has enough attitude to give you a buzz. I'd like to point out some plusses and minusses which have not received much attention.The lobby is actually quite small, with a very pleasant wood-burning fireplace. It's a really nice touch---unusual to have actual wood burning instead of gas and fake logs. You are greeted in a quite friendly manner. I expected it to feel snobby and arrogant, but in fact, all of the people I encountered were extremely pleasant. Some have written that the concierge is like a gatekeeper to the &quot;precious&quot; Rose Bar reservations, but they were actually quite accomodating and even chatty. By the way, the Rose Bar becomes a kind of cliche scene late at night, the usual NYC club posturing and pricing. During the day you see husbands schlepping their wives' Barneys bags to the tables, which later at night are reserved for those silly enough to pay $350 for a bottle of Absolute.The room is a very different sort of place. I had a small suite, and it was definitely odd. The living room area had a table and a bunch of chairs around it. There was no couch or other type of comfortable seating area. There is a flat screen tv in both the living room and the bedroom. The bedroom is not entirely a separate room---the whole suite is one long room separated by french doors. The odd touch here is the red velvet floor-to-ceiling drapes which you can wrap around most of the walls and windows of the bedroom.A really silly aspect of this suite is that there is almost no way to plug anything in to the electrical system! The only accessible outlet was at the base of a table lamp in the living room. There were no reachable wall plugs in the bedroom at all.The bed is quite comfortable, nice linens, nice bathrobes, and very fine lotions and potions. As has been said, everything in the room is for sale, but &quot;sale&quot; is not exactly the word I'd apply. Prices are insanely high. I have never understood why hotels reveal such greed so openly. woudln't it be a better move to charge a premium but not to an offensive magnitude???Room service is very nice, quick, and hot! It is also quite expensive, around $80 for breakfast for two. Location is awesome, a wonderful part of the city which many tourists never see. You can walk to Union Square in a few minutes, and there are many restaurants, groceries and clubs nearby. I would stay there again for the location, the ambiance, the professionalism, and perhaps for the artfullness, although I found the taste to be a bit dated. Bare lightbulbs screwed in to hardware-store recepticals is not exactly a new idea. Regarding technology, the lcd screens are fine, but you would expect they would have gone the extra step to install surround sound speakers. This would have been a special touch, as would have been a better Ipod speaker system. In fact, i would say that ultimately, technology has been given short shrift and because of that, I don't think you could actually say this is a true 2007 5 star hotel.	
Feb 8 2007 	Money better spent elsewhere	I know this was supposed to be the hot new hotel, but I thought it was really disappointing.The rooms are decorated in an &quot;eclectic gothic&quot; style which translates into blood red carpeting, blood red drapes, and blood red velvet shower curtains. There is almost no lighting whatsoever in the room, and even less in the bathroom. I took a shower in pitch darkness because the little light there is, is then filtered by the blood red velvet shower curtain. The specially selected beauty products was really the best part of my entire stay.The breakfast buffet was awful for a hotel of these standings. It looked like they brought everything in from the deli across the street. And there's no proper restaurant, so if you don't like the deli food at the buffet - your only other option is the coffee shop two blocks away. The worst part about everything was that despite the $800 per night room charge (for a single) I had to argue with the hotel bar doorman to get a drink with two friends. Apparently staying in their hotel only buys you one spot in their bar.	
Feb 5 2007 	Not the best in the area for the money	I stayed at the GPH ten years ago and to say that it is improved would be an understatement. The lobby, Jade Bar and Rose Bar are beautiful. Was not as impressed with service or rooms. It was raining when we arrived and the staff seemed very stressed out. Rooms were spacious yet extremely dark. Almost oppressively dark. The restaurant and the roof top are not open yet. One can order light fare during the day in one of the bars. I believe service stops at 3 or 4 pm. Had room service Fri. night, Sat. morning and Sat. evening. The food is shockingly expensive as are drinks in the bar. ($18.00 for a glass of wine and that was the least expensive!) Room service was average. Unfortunately we did not have reservations at the Rose Bar and they could not accomodate us. We settled for the Jade Bar which is very small. It's unfortunate that guests of the hotel, who are eager to spend time and money in the hotel, are not priority. The doorman told me they are trying to create exclusivity by requiring reservations in the bar. Too bad. The gym was spotless and very bright and the equipment was new. No water in the mini-fridge in the room and they don't leave a bottle at turn-down. Bring your own. Heat didn't work in the room and they were unable to fix it. A guest on our floor was smoking the entire weekend. They sent a staff member up to spray air freshener and they lit a candle in our room but he smoker continued to smoke. Last, but not least, it took 20 minutes to get our car from valet. We called the front desk and they assured us it would be 10 minutes. When we inquired again, they apologized and said they forgot to call it in for us. There were several angry guests experiencing the same thing. All in all, not a terrible place. I've stayed at Gansevoort, Soho Grand and the Mercer in the last 8 months and for the money, I think the Mercer is the best choice. I might give the Gramercy another try when the restaurant is open but I doubt it. I felt like the service and food was better at the Mercer.	
Feb 1 2007 	A very unique hotel with lots of extras	I stayed 2 nights/ 3 days at the Gramercy Park Hotel in late January. This is a really unique and interesting hotel. The decor is certainly different than anyplace else I've ever stayed. The lobby is just as it looks online and really dramatic and lovely. In the hallways, the walls are blood red and the lighting is so dim you can barely see a thing. My room was painted a dark sage green with red velvet curtains, red velvet chairs, big queen beds with purple velvet throws and artsy photography on the walls. It was like some sort of crazy, high fashion bordello! I really enjoyed the decor, but my big (and perhaps only) complaint would be the darkness. Even if you turn on all the lights in the room, it's still dark. It didn't bother me for the amount of time I was here, but it might have for a longer stay, or if I was trying to do business while there. The bathroom was large. There's no tub but a good, oversized shower. Everything was spotless.The room also had two large closets, a mini bar and flat screen TV. The mini bar is a thing of beauty. There are several shelves of goodies in addition to the bar. Mario Badescu beauty products, special candles, designer t-shirts, full bottles of wine, champagne, etc. Crystal glasses to drink from. There's even an iPod docking station (and you can borrow an iPod from the front desk if you didn't bring your own). The hotel will lend you DVDs to watch in your room. The list of available titles is several pages long-- very nice selection. I really enjoyed all these little touches.Guests at the hotel are allowed to borrow keys to Gramercy Park, which is a private park. I did go over and walk around in the park, since it's not every day you get to do that.I did not spend time at the bar or restaurant, but the people I was traveling with did and on both nights they saw some pretty big celebrities. I never noticed any kind of crowds or extra security in the lobby, though (on Sunday and Monday nights). I didn't eat in the restaurant but I did order room service. It was jaw-droppingly expensive ($41 for a cheesburger and bottled water, with tax) but delivered very quickly and the food was delicious.The staff at the hotel really went above and beyond. Once you get out of a cab in front of the hotel, there are multiple staff members to greet you, take your bags, and walk you to the front desk. The staff (who are all really, ridiculously good looking for some reason) were wonderful, helpful, polite and gracious. I was thoroughly impressed by the service.I really enjoyed this hotel. It was definitely a splurge, but I'd consider staying here again. I wish the rooms offered additional light, but in all other respects I was very satisfied.	
Jan 14 2007 	Ian Shrager has better hotels. The vibe was kind of serious.	The Hotel is OK. In terms of Design, we missed Phillipe Stark’s vision which had a large sense of humor &amp; a real magical quality. We love staying at the hotel’s designed by him. I felt this hotel took itself too seriously (evidenced by the too precious for words guests, prancing around the lobby &amp; unisex bathrooms). Kind of gothic &amp; a modern Baroque style, there were clever things that stood out but really, didn’t do all that much for us. As for the Dark rooms. Yup..ours was, which was fine... @ night, but during the day, We had to turn on all the lights even with the blinds open. I also thought most of the furniture was uncomfortable. Thought the bed was a too firm &amp; lots of stiff, high back chairs (Even in the lobby). We ordered room service both mornings. Extremely expensive. Higher than most but very, very good. The staff were very friendly all around &amp; accommodating even after not having our reservation (I forgot the Conf. # &amp; booked through TableThotels.com). HOWEVER, a couple of things that REALLY annoyed us &amp; they should get rid of this ridiculous policy pronto, is having to show your keys to the “bouncer”, at night, before entering the hotel lobby! Both nights we went out to see friends &amp; came back @ 12am the 1st night &amp; 1am the next. The 1st night the Bouncer/Doorman was talking to a gaggle of people &amp; he was blocking the entrance. When we went to move around him to go in, he slid over &amp; blocked us &amp; said ”Can I help you?” Hmmm.......yeah , you can move out of the way so we can go to bed. So we just said:”We’re trying to go in” &amp; he said: “Oh, You’re staying here?”, when we nodded w/an surprised looked, he let us in right away but we thought that was too much really. He was nice enough but how stupid to make them do that. That’s never happened to either of us in all of our lives, when entering a hotel &amp; we’ve stayed in over 40. We thought maybe it was a one off but the 2nd night it happened again &amp; we had to show our keys this time to prove we were staying there!! It’s a freakin’ hotel not a club for cripes sakes. Even @ the “members only / hotel guests club” like Soho house, we never had to flash our card before entering or even when we got through the door! The other big thing that annoyed us was that stupid rule that even hotel guests have to make a reservation @ the Rose Bar. Just pretentious. We made a reservation to which we were an hour late for due to a dinner party we went to starting later than expected, the bar was practically empty &amp; still, wouldn’t let us in. Crazy. Overall, we’re glad we saw it &amp; tried it but won’t go back &amp; doubt we’d recommend it. There are much better hotels in the city. Great area though.	
Jan 9 2007 	Gracious Gramercy ...	Ian Schrager has done himself proud with this hotel and we experienced nothing but courteous and efficient service whilst we were there. Great bar with a pool table, excellent recommendations for dining and the cool scene you associate with his hotels. All in all, would highly recommend. It was pouring with rain one day, so the doorman insisted we take the hotel limo - that's what I call servcie!Note that the restaurant isn't open yet - but there are loads of great places to eat nearby. The bar serves lunch.	
Jan 8 2007 	Waste of money	My husband received overnight room for a special birthday gift .Based upon Ian Shraegers name and reputation we wanted to see what the hype was. We had stayed there before renovations and had a pleasant experience and really enjoyed rooftop bar.Unfortunately the hotel was not what we expected. Unless you want to cross every palm with a tip beware of what the results might be. We arrived at had a pleasant check in...our room had been upgraded from a superior to a deluxe although the heat and air did not work. We reported it immediately and left for the boat show giving maintainance 4 hours to correct. I suppose since we did not tip Aiden to make the report nobody ever showed and as a result I had to complain at 7 oclock when we returned.By the time somebody came and finally told us that the valve needed to be replaced we were a little harried as we were expecting friends by 8:30.Finally they moved us to what they said was an upgrade although the room was the same but had a view of the park.Try and get into the RoseBar even though empty ...forget it....stay out with the peons and drink at the small Jade bar....we did have fun and laughed as the so called beautiful people pranced past us to the Rose bar at midnight...I did try to make a reservation online as suggested although they did not honor it without going through the concierge who of course wanted a reward as well.Better off going to the Hudson or any of the other boutique hotels	
Jan 1 2007 	Beware dated ecor and lack of customer serice	Had stayed at the old Gramercy many times and though it was down on it's heels and in need of refurbishing, I appreciated the low rates, the old world charm and in particular the warm and charming hotel bar,which was a destination unto itself.I was appalled at Ian Shrager's out dated and hideous &quot;design&quot; . I mean, honestly - a turkish theme in 2006?? Sponge washed walls and velvet curtains? Most distressing was the decemated lobby bar, transformed into two hideous and uncomfortable spaces. The &quot;jade bar&quot; with it's 3 tiny and uncomfortable table crammed up against the bar was &quot;generously&quot; open to hotel guests. The exclusive &quot;rose bar&quot; was not. The &quot;rose bar&quot; was another shocking display of outdated decor - it's patronized by the uncoolest the boroughs has to offer -all in all, a conglomeration of everything bad about the 1980's. The fact that we, as high paying hotel quests in an otherwise empty hotel, were turned away from a sparsley occupied crowd on a wednesday night, was the final idignity.The poor service (completely unhelpful &quot;concierge&quot;) and outrageous prices for &quot;extras&quot;, hidden $15 + daily internet service rates, unparalled room service and mini bar rates (think $350 for a bottle of jack Daniels) the most surprising think about the hotel remains the outdated and ridiculous decor.i cannot imagine this hotel will ever last through 2007.	
Jan 1 2007 	wonderful boutique hotel in NYC	This hotel definitely deserves better reviews. First, I had not originally planned to stay here for a New Yrs Birthday celebration for my 18 yr old and myself because of location and reviews. However, when the hotel offered a great rate, I changed my mind. We were upgraded to a lovely 2 bed deluxe room on a quiet floor. The amenities were great- plentiful towels, robes, slippers, and the bellman explained how everything worked- no problems. However, what makes this property exceptional is the service. The staff was courteous and responsive to this middle aged mom and her daughter. They even treated my daughter to a small cake for her birthday. As to the bars, and as one who never made it to Studio 54, I preferred the egalitarian Jade Bar where I could still reflect on the Julian Schabel painting on the wall, but I could have gotten in the Rose Bar New Yrs. Yes, prices are high but this is NYC. The lobby art is incredible, as is the decor in the room. (Loved the photos in ours, esp. the one of Warhol). Only downside is the location- you need to take cabs, and NY cabbies are the worst. Some insisted on dropping us off a few blocks from the theater or a restaurant. This happened to other tourists I talked to as well. Within walking distance is a phenomenal restaurant- BLT Prime- well worth the price and deserving of its reputation. (Best part- I got chef's famous recipe for Popovers..) Gramery Park was a lovely boutique hotel with the latest in amenities, internet, and the best in service. I highly recommend this propery and hope to return when I am in NY.	
Dec 22 2006	schrager nonsense	Stayed there at $700 a night. Room was very cool and nice (I had a small suite). Biggest negative was ridiculously small dark bathroom. Hotel would have a got a decent review if I hadn't experienced the most ridiculous situation in my only night hanging at the hotel. Went to the lobby bar (the only place to have a drink) with a friend. Popped out to the restroom and was refused re-entry with my friend still in there with our drinks wondering what happened to me!!!!!!!!! Seriously?! The place was now booked for a private party. Obviously I went berserk and was allowed back-in but ruined my night. I can't even believe they get away with allowing the only communal area to be booked in the first place - what are hotel guests supposed to do? Outrageous even for a Schrager hotel. What you get when you stay at a hotel that also tries to be a happening spot. Still I've never had this before and I've stayed at the Delano, Sanderson etc. Last time at a schrager hotel.	
Dec 5 2006 	Worth every penny by NYC standards	Spacious room, interesting decor, 2 cool bars and friendly staff was what we found. The only anti climax was a key to Gramercy Park. What a joke! The park is a small dump. The rose bar had an unbeliveably high celeb count on Friday night but be warned, you must book ahead. This was a far superior experience to our next stop 60 Thompson that was similarly priced but had none of the wow factor.	
Dec 4 2006 	Overpriced and arrogant staff	I stayed one night in the GPH and that was more than enough. The rooms are very tinny, specially the bathroom. If you pay $500 you can expect a little bit more.The lobby is ok and the bar is nice, if they allowed you to get in. I’ll tried to get in the bar but the bouncer refused to let me in. Hotel guest or not made no differences. Friends of the doormen walked in and out but No Hotel guests.. In the morning I made my complains to the concierge but he was not under the impression. He reacted very arrogant and didn’t take the time to listen to my story. Avoid this overpriced Hotel with their arrogant staff (specially the bouncer and concierge). It is not worth your money, you can find much better in NY.Amsterdam, december 4 2006	
Nov 28 2006	Trying to be too cool	I stayed for 4 nights, overall its a nice hotel, nice decor, moody lighting throughout inc bathrooms( not good when getting ready). I found the hotel nice enought but was let down by poor service and the ultra trendy bar was just a nigtmare to get into. I have stayed at similar hotels (60 Thompson) although found they treat you quite well if you're a guest, here it made no difference. I tried 3 different nights to get in, the doorman was totally oblivious to the fact that I was staying there. In addition when I checked out the bellman sent me with someones else suit carrier....luckily I realised an hour aftewards otherwise it could have ended up very badly for me. I didnt find the concierge particualrly helpful either.	
Nov 13 2006 	An Experience	As with all Schrager's hotels (I have stayed at two others) I must say that it is an experience. Costly but fun. I found the staff very helpful and polite. They were responsive to all my needs such as changing rooms to accomodate my last minute change of plans, concierge staff was wonderful with reservations and recommendations for dinner and very attentive to my lost luggage tag and need for a nail file. I found the rooms tasteful with nice touches such as tassle Do Not Disturb signs. Linens and beds were fantastic. Lobby bar and lobby decor was fantastic. The only negative was the lighting throughout the hotel. Very dark in the hallways and unless you are looking down and realize the room numbers are on the floor etched in the carpets, it is very difficult to figure out which room you are looking for. Also, the lighting in the bathroom and room is not great for most individuals over 40 years old. All in all a wonderful experience.	
Nov 8 2006 	BIG disappointment		
Nov 5 2006 	Great lobby and bar but....		
Oct 29 2006 	Great and Original HotelBut.....		
Sep 11 2006 	Amazing new NY hotel experience		
Sep 8 2006 	Models on parade		
Sep 2 2006 	Fabulous Stay!		
Aug 28 2006 	Not impressed		
Aug 20 2006 	Reborn? A mixed bag		
Aug 7 2005	It's Still Rock and Roll to me ...		
Jul 28 2009 	rivoluzione nello stile degli hotel		
Jun 12 2009 	Jederzeit wieder !		
Jul 20 2008 	mauvais rapport qualité/prix		
Mar 14 2008 	Bel Hotel avec quelques défauts au vu du prix..		
Jan 11 2008	Nie wieder Gramercy Park Hotel!		
