	Excellent Midtown Location - Great Value	Neighborhood is nothing much, but it's a great location to get to everything, and near Penn Station and Bolt/Megabus stops. Very new and clean. We were there on a Saturday night so noise wasn't a factor, but based on the printed notices in the room, the &quot;white noise&quot; generator in the room, etc. it could be a problem, especially garbage trucks, on a weekday morning - I'd ask for a high floor if you were staying on any night but Saturday. Staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. Rooms of a very decent size for NYC. Restaurant with bar on the premises (for dinner and possibly lunch - no breakfast). Continental breakfast of average quality included in room rate.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wyndham garden timer square south ( BEWARE BED BUGS)	We were there in last august, it was a really nice experience , good location, affordable price, nice views of the city and really close to time square we reallyenjoyed our stay in New york , we only went back to the hotel to sleep, so we cameback home and after a month we started experiencing those red bumps and itchingthat was noticeable after we get up in the morning and during the day, me and my partnerboth were like did we cacht any alergie or something like that , so after that we went to the doctors and he diagnosed a some sort of skind disease and he prescripted ussome lotion and pills to stop the ictchin, to make it short itching and red bumps neverwent away and after doing some research on the net we find out that Ny city hada big problem with BED BUGS. anyways we started to search out matttres and indeedthere were several BED BUGS we cauhght right there at THE WYNDHAM TIMES SQUARE SOUTH HOTEL, i dont know if the whole building its infested or only the room we stayed on floor 23rdbut this is my 2 cent and i hope that people that are or were experincign my problemcontribute to this post, and if you are someone that will return just beware. thank you.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed at this hotel in early October and were impressed from the time of check-in. The staff was so friendly and gave us lots of brochures and maps to help us during our trip. Our room was clean and more than enough space for two people. The hotel is in a great location with a subway on 34th street. It is also a few blocks from Times Square so the walk was not bad at all.When we checked into the hotel, we had used our debit card by mistake as the card used for incidentals. We did not realize this until 2 days into the trip so there was a negative balance in our bank account. We called the front desk and they called the bank for us and removed the hold so that we would not incur bank charges. This extra assistance prooves how well the staff is willing to go to please the guests.As a Wyndham employee who works in a different part of the company, I was thoroughly impressed with this staff. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my fellow employees.	
Nov 23 2009 	Girls Weekend	I loved this hotel. My freind with her 2 girls and I with my 7 year old daughter spent a Friday and Saturday night at this hotel. I can not say enough nice things about our experience. The hotel staff was always helpful, nice and, polite. The rooms were spotless. I have traveled a lot and I would give this hotel an A plus.	
Nov 22 2009 	A Good Deal!	My husband and I decided to go into the city for a day at the last minute, and after reading reviews settled on here because it wasn't really expensive. The staff was nice, and the lobby and hallways were clean. The room was modern, clean, and comfortable- the only complaint would be that it is pretty difficult for two people to walk around the bed with your stuff in the room (most nyc hotels are small though). The bed was comfy, and we had enough linens/towels. The other thing I didn't like was the bathroom counter and sink are TINY, and it made it hard to wash my face without getting water everywhere. The bathroom was super clean, no mold in the shower here. It was pretty quiet in our room/hallway, and we couldn't hear much outside noise. Definitely would come here again!	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent Service Good Location	I chose this hotel because of its proximity to Penn Station. From the moment I checked in, I was impressed with the service and the overall quality of the hotel. The staff was friendly and engaged and the room was clean and well-appointed. Yes, the room was small, but that's the way it is with NYC. The bed was super-comfortable, the bathroom was clean and the flat-panel television was nice to watch after a very long day on my feet.My only suggestion would be to have small tubes of toothpaste along with the soap. Duane Reade is a short walk away, but it would have been a nice touch.	
Nov 17 2009 	This Hotel was Icing on the Cake	My husband planned a surprise vacation for our anniversary. We stood there for 3days 2nights. I do not know where to begin. First off the bellman that greated us at the door was extremely helpful. BUT the AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE that we received from Melissa and Channel during our stay was beyond any I had ever experienced. These ladies were top notch when it came to assisting us with information about the city. They directed us to great dinner spots each evening and gave us precise directions on how to get there and back. Channel knows the city like the back of her hand!!!! We looked forward to talking to them and seeing their beautiful smiles behind the counter. We didnt get to say goodbye to them when we checked out on Monday...so please give them a Special THANKS from the Soto Family!!!! Aside from the exceptional customer service the hotel was immaculate. We have stayed in other hotels in NY but not one compares to this one. The rooms are a bit small but thats to be expected in NYC. The beds were beyond comfortable!!! The location could not have been better. Two blocks from Penn Station and in walking distance to Times Square. We will definatley be back. Please tell Melissa and Channel we cant wait to talk to them again. THEY were GREAT!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location	Just back from a 4 night stay in New York. This hotel was the perfect location for any visitor. The rooms are on the small side, but aren't all rooms in its price range small. You really shouldn't be spending too much time in your room when you're in NY anyway. The hotel is really modern compared to some I've stayed at in New York, really clean too with very helpful staff. The walk in showers are great. Drinks at the bar are a little pricey, but there are plenty of others to choose from in the area.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great help in finding lost cell phone	Special thanks to Ahcene, Wyndham hotel in NYC, who was so gracious and helpful. We lost the cell phone and although already checked out, he went back with us to the room, and found the cell phone under the bed. We appreciate this so much.	
Nov 10 2009 	friendly helpful staff. Rooms clean good location	Rooms were clean, well appointed but bedroom a tad small, but this is NY. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast choices were excellent and convenient. Location convenient to Penn Station, Madison Square Garden. Penn Station great to get to JFK Airport, Long Island RR to Airtrain to JFK. Close to Time Square without being in the commotion.	
Nov 6 2009 	The best New York hotel we've ever experienced!	We were travelling to NYC in October for a business trip plus sightseeing holiday. The hotel was perfectly situated for the Jacob Javits centre, but also quite a short(ish) walk from Times Square and Macy's of course.The hotel was excellent value (we booked through hotels.com) and the room was the most spacious, well equipped room we've ever experienced in about 7 or 8 visits to New York. Just enough space on my side of the bed to put up the case, a desk, a decent view of neighbouring buildings and a glimpse of the Hudson River, a spacious bathroom with a lovely shower and nice-smelling toiletries. Bed was very comfy and room was extremely quiet.Food in the hotel was great - we had free breakfast vouchers - with a lovely spread for breakfast (cooked bacon, eggs, etc cost extra) - fresh fruit, yoghurts, pastries, bagels, waffles and maple syrup. Yum!We also ate here one evening, and although the catfish sandwich was pretty awful, all the rest of our food was superb, including the bar snacks. Cocktails were fab as well.Service was absolutely BRILLIANT. Every experience with hotel staff, from checking in to room service ladies, from the regular cleaning of the lift, to our very helpful guy who helped us carry everything to the taxi on checkout, was impeccable. Everyone was so polite and helpful (even when we'd lost our room key for the 2nd time!), and made our stay even more special.We would definitely stay here again and I've already recommended it to plenty of friends and work colleagues. Thanks so much for a great time!	
Nov 5 2009 	Nice clean reasonable hotel	My husband and I stayed here for the first time from October 28 to Nov. 1. Our room was newly remodeled and the bathroom was great. Good water pressure, clean, good amenities. The bed was very comfortable and the room was pretty quiet. It was a bit cramped but the newness and the cleanliness made up for that. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. The continental breakfast was a definite plus and the staff that served us at the coffee bar was helpful and very congenial. Overall, I liked the hotel. The neighborhood is a bit gritty. It's really the garment district. The subway is close by and you don't really spend time in that neighborhood anyway, so it was fine. If you're looking for a fun neighborhood atmosphere, this is not the place. If you want a nice, newly remodeled clean, reasonably priced hotel as a base for your adventures, this is a great place to stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Definitely recommend this hotel	My wife and I went to NYC to celebrate my 65th birthday. Loved New York and were very pleased with this hotel during our 5 day visit. While the room, food and services were very good, what made our stay really enjoyable was the staff (couldn't have been nicer or more helpful). The location was good for us as we used the subway extensively during the day. We also wanted to be close to Times Square. We used taxis in the evening and were surprised it was only $6.00 plus tip to go to our two Broadway shows. We did walk the 6-8 blocks back to the hotel after the shows as the weather was pleasant during our stay. While not an issue for us, I can understand some people feeling uncomfortable walking on 36th street after dark as it is pretty deserted. If you are looking for a good steak, I recommend Frankie &amp; Johnnie's Steakhouse on 37th Street. A nice surprise was the complimentary stretch limousine back to the hotel. We agree that the two elevators can be very slow on the weekend. This is not an issue during the week. Being on the 4th floor, we just used the stairs. My only recommendation to the hotel is to give, loan or sell compasses to the &quot;directionally challenged&quot; out of town visitors.	
Nov 3 2009 	Outstanding Customer Service	My husband, I and 2 friends stayed at the Wyndham Garden Hotel - Times Square South from Oct. 26-30, 2009. The customer service was outstanding ! Melissa at the front desk was the best we have ever experienced; and we have traveled extensively throughout the US and abroad (we're senior citizens). The concierge and bellmen could not have been more helpful. We will never stay in another hotel when we visit NY. Rooms were meticulously clean; small, but that's typical for NY hotels. Breakfast was awesome - as were the wait staff.We'll be back, Melissa !	
Nov 1 2009 	Who could ask for anything more!	This is the second time that I’ve stayed at a Wyndham property, and this is the second time that I have not been disappointed. This hotel was immaculate. The staff there could not have been any more helpful or pleasant. I was about two blocks away from a subway station. There were also a number of small places to eat conveniently located near the hotel. Who could ask for anything more?	
Nov 1 2009 	Good Location @ Manhanttan	We stayed for 6 days 5 nights at the hotel. Is great hotel with good lcoation and service. Comfortable and Clean Room.Most of the places within walking distance of 10~15 minutes like Madison Square Garden, Fifth Avenue, Penn Station etc....Or optionally you could take Bus M34 and M16 will be able to help you to explore for the city of Manhanttan. FYI, i was able to get the better offer from travelzoo.com during my booking. So check it out ya!	
Oct 31 2009 	So much nicer than I'd expected in our price range in NYC	I know there are awesome accommodations in NYC. but we don't have a bottomless bank account to access, so I was very much afraid of what our price range would bring. Having read glowing references to the Wyndham Garden Hotel in several web sites, and then finding a great deal on Travelzoo, we decided to take a chance, hoping that we weren't being enticed by bogus reviews. We found the Wyndham to be every bit as spotlessly clean and comfortable as the reviews indicated, if not more so. Our Travelzoo &quot;deal&quot; included a continental breakfast. The daily sameness became a little boring by the fifth morning, and it appeared that everyone staying there must have had some sort of similar deal with their room, so it tended to be a little crowded around the buffet table, but it was still tasty and convenient, so I guess I can't really complain. Having a waiter bring our juice and coffee was also a nice touch, and the garden room was lovely and clean.Since our daughter lives in NYC but can't room two parents in her small apartment, I'm sure we will be returning, and we will certainly look first at the Wyndham for our accommodations. I just hope they continue to offer deals!	
Oct 31 2009 	STAY HERE!	Nice, clean, new hotel. Requested an early check-in and got it. Welcoming, polite and professional staff. Comfy beds, flat screen, refrig. Room was small, but not an issue for solo traveler. Also, very quiet considering NY. Great location--4 blocks to Penn station/subways, and 6 blocks to the theatre. Free access to Internet and printer. Got a great price on Travelzoo with complimentary cocktail (1 buy get 1 free) each night and complimentary breakfast. Couldn't beat the deal. Hotel restaurant also had great food (try organic chicken with artichokes, carrots and potatoe). I would recommend this hotel in a (NY) heartbeat!	
Oct 31 2009 	Enjoyable stay!	This was my first time to New York, and after hours and hours of research, I picked this hotel and was very happy. We got a good deal, and the rate we got even included a continental breakfast which was a great way to start each morning. Also, we got a little welcome snack and drinks being a member of their rewards program. It was a good location and seemed to be close enough to where we needed to get too. The rooms were all nicely renovated, with a big shower, and Bath and Body Works products in the bathroom, they also had free internet access in the lobby which was handy! My only complaint is the room could have been a bit cleaner; they forgot to empy the garbage one day, and there was a big brown stain on the throw blanket on the end of the bed. They state they are all &quot;green&quot; and such, and they only changed the towels if you put them on the floor, which I REALLY like, because I don't need all new towels every day... except if they are so &quot;green&quot;, I wondered why there was no recycle bin in the room? I would definately stay there again if I went back to New York!	
Oct 30 2009 	Irish will love this for a great location.	A fantastic location in the heart of New York. About 45 mins in Taxi from JFK. Close to Fifth Ave., Times Square, Tir Na nOg pub, Shops, Bus and Train stations. Good rate. Clean &amp; crisp. Excellent staff &amp; facilities. Rooms &amp; ensuite a bit on the small side but contain everything you require.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	We just came back from 4 nights at this hotel and have nothing but great things to say about it. Location is perfect and it is close to shops, subway and train station (Penn) with connection to JFK. The comments in other reviews about it being shady street etc. are meaningless. Rooms are clean and of an OK size and the bathroom was great. We will definately book this hotel on our next trip, provided the prices are decent of course...	
Oct 26 2009 	Quality in a Cozy Setting	The Wyndham Garden creates the feeling of a small, concierge hotel of high quality at a reasonable price. My room was very small, but was spotlessly clean and well appointed had everything I needed. The bathroom was new with a large tile shower, nice soap and thick towels. The bedroom is well organized with a large wardrobe, a desk and computer chair and flat screen TV. The bed was very comfortable with lots of fluffy pillows. I asked for a room on an upper floor so as not to hear street traffic. I got a room on teh 10th floor and was pleasantly surprised that my room had a door to a small terrace so I could let in fresh air. The room was quiet, particularly for NYC.It's location between Times Square and Penn Station worked for me since I came in by train and it is a short 3 block walk to the hotel. The hotel is in the old garment district, so there are not a lot of places to eat on the block, but there are plently within a few blocks. I didn't take advantage of what the hotel had to offer but it had a Starbucks, breakfast choices and a small bar/restaraunt with a TV and a full menu.I was greeted cordially at check in and found the staff to be helpful. I thought it was good value for dollar given the cost of mid-town hotels and their drawbacks and/or sterility. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 25 2009 	The best overall hotel experience I have ever had.	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights October 13th to the 16th . The best part of our stay was the staff. I travel for business somewhat frequently and have stayed in quite a few hotels but I have never experienced such nice hotel staff. I arrived very early on my first day and the front desk graciously got me in my room at 10 AM. From the concierge to the guy taking the garbage out, all of the staff were extremely personable. The hotel is very close to Penn Station, the subway, and 5 or 6 blocks from Times Square. The only negative comments I have are the street noise was somewhat bothersome the first night, drinks are very expensive at the hotel bar, and the rooms are small but these attributes come from being in NYC. I would highly recommend this hotel to visitors of NYC. We got a great price of 179 a night with free continental breakfast and a coupon for a few half priced drinks at the hotel through travelzoo.com.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fine hotel great staff	Stayed nights. Good rate through priceline. All staff from check-in to check-out were great. Bed one of the best I've had in New York. Rooms not huge, but definitely comfortable. Impressed by little touches like white-out and stapler on the desk. Good free internet service throughout the hotel. Actually writing the review while sitting in the lobby waiting for my car. The atitude and helpfulness of all the staff I encountered definitely made the stay pleasant. Even though my room was at the rear of the hotel, there was a little street noise, but the rooms were very well insulated from each other, and there was no noise from other rooms or the hall.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great place to stay for the price	Everything about this hotel was terrific--the friendly staff, the location, the continental breakfast in the beautiful dining area, the price, the location to the theatres and to Times Square. Our room was quiet, clean, and small, but small is our experience in NYC. The concierge recommended we walk up to &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot; to eat dinner so we did and had two fabulous meals--one at Zuni's and one at Marseille.	
Oct 19 2009 	S.C. Nurses in New York City	Four labor and delivery nurses off to experience new york city. The hotel is clean, close to attractions and the staff were always polite and so very helpful. Would stay again and would recommend to everyone. thanks	
Oct 19 2009 	Good value and location	I agree with the previous reviews. Centrally located, especially convenient for Penn Station. Rooms are small with very little room between the bed and the wall. I banged by leg on the sharp corner of the bed frame at least once a night. The bed, however, was comfortable. We had very nice natural light in our 18th floor room with a decent view. Two small elevators seem barely adequate for the number of guests, but not a real problem.  We had a great rate through a TravelZoo promotion that included a continental breakfast. This consisted of a great bagel, yougurt, and juice. A great way to start a full today.	
Oct 19 2009 	Another great review!	This was our first time to NYC to celebrate our anniversary and New York City did not disappoint. We stayed at the Wyndham Garden for four nights. The hotel was exactly what you read here, no wonder it gets such excellent reviews. We lucked out with an exceptionally good rate via Priceline. They chose this hotel for us, and we’re glad they did. There’s not much else on the street around it but it’s a short walk to Penn Station for the subway and an easy 10 min. walk to Times Square. On our last night we treated ourselves to a yellow cab from the theatre on 44th Street (just for the experience of it!) and I think the fare was only around $6.We were on the 12th floor overlooking the street and with the exception of the odd rumbling of a train or something, we were not bothered with noise. The room was small but extremely clean. There was a small fridge behind a bureau door which we didn't even notice until our last day. For a small room, there is still adequate storage and closet space. A bathtub would have been nice but the shower was excellent. There were large windows for bright light with great curtains for privacy. We were very happy with our room. Except for one quick coffee and muffin at the Starbucks breakfast counter, we did not eat or drink at the hotel, so can’t comment on that. The terrace was closed for the season on our arrival.As everyone has said, the staff were wonderful. One morning, at our request, the concierge pointed us in the direction of a nearby city diner for breakfast that was exactly what we were looking for. I highly recommend this hotel. We would not hesitate to stay here again. We loved New York City and will return!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Price Great Value	I travel for business and am in NY every 4-6 weeks. You are a 5 minute walk from Amtrack. There are are some real dives in this area. The Wyndham opened this year (2009) which is a plus. It is well designed and very clean. I used to stay at the Washington Jefferson which is closer to Times Square. The Wyndham is very close to Penn Station and our office. The property is clean the staff is very attentive and for a business traveler it is a great place to stay.They know me and I like the food at the bar and they do room service. The outside terrace is great for a drink when the weather is nice. I would stay on lower floors as in the morning the elevator is busy and you may opt for the stairs. NY hotels are expensive and many in this part of the city are either overpriced or horrible to stay in. The Wyndham is a winner.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Value	We stayed at the Wyndham for a total of 3 nights and loved it. It was a great value - the hotel was perfectly located, the rooms while on the smaller size, were very warm and inviting having one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. There was a flat screen TV and the bathroom was very modern and bright. The staff were great, from the service at the bar, the reception, the concierge to the housekeeping services. The only drawback which is minor is the elevator service. It can get quite busy in the morning if you are trying to take the elevator to the main floor. Luckily, were were staying on the 6th floor so we walked down but it could be tricky for older people, if you are carrying luggage and combined with being on a higher floor. However, this minor irritant would not dissuade me from returning. Our best stay yet in New York City.lolaottawa	
Oct 17 2009 	Great place for the money	This hotel was within walking distance to Empire State Building, Macy's and a little further to the theater and central park. We were on the 4th Floor outside the street below was very noisy. If you are a light sleeper, you better get a room away from the front or up higher. The room is small but very clean. The bathroom was extra big and nice. The staff was very helpful. The breakfast was very good. I would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great hotel and location	This hotel is great. Very clean. Nice staff. 9 min walk to Times Square. The lobby is nice, modern and clean. We stayed here 2 nites and then another hotel for 2 nites (to check it out). Bad move. We should have stayed here for all 4 nites that we were in NYC. - Fernando, Toronto	
Oct 15 2009 	Fantastic or too noisy depending on where your room is...	They say New York is a city that never sleeps, and neither will you if you have a room on a low floor and on 36th street facing the road. My first room 205 was the noisiest I have ever tried to sleep in. I just didn’t get any sleep at all with the constant noise of lorries clattering down the road and garbage collection. Despite having had a couple of beers and wrecked from travelling all day then meeting friends for dinner I couldn’t manage to drop off. I went down to reception at 6.30am to ask to be moved and good on them they let me move a few hours later to 1405 for the remaining six nights. I gave the hotel four stars based on my second room which was high up at the back and had virtually no noise at all. The bed was massively comfortable and the wall mounted flat screen HD television with many HD channels was fantastic, the bathroom was large and ocnfortable. The location of the hotel is great for midtown theatres and near enough to subways to make getting around a breeze. The staff at the hotel were very warm and friendly, if something was wrong they corrected it quickly. I am not a fussy traveller and only mention this event to show how good the response was. I did lose my temper a bit one day when waiting to be served they started seating bigger groups arriving later than me, before me, why ?? Then when I did get a table I went to get buffet and on returning other people were sat in my place, my stuff had been moved to another table without telling me. I complained at the service and the reception gave me some free upgrades to the full American breakfast and $20 food voucher for the hotel. Read past my gripes, I would very happily stay here again, the staff were the nicest of any hotel I have stayed at in New York and the room and location excellent. I can see why it is so high on the list of recommended hotels. I was lucky enough to get a rate of $179 plus tax form a website that often features this hotel as a special. Considering you can EASILY pay $300 a night for a horrible hotel in New York these days this was a bargain, especially since the continental breakfast was included.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice Hotel	Our room was very small, but very clean and comfortable. The T'V did not work properly and the air conditioner was a little wierd and would switch over to heat for no reason and then go back to cold. but for the amount of time we spent in the room we really didn't care. the staff we very friendly. I would recomend this hotel, it is close to just about everything but not in the middle of all the lights and noise either.	
Oct 14 2009 	Clean Modern Friendly Staff	Stayed at the Wyndham recently in a room with 2 double beds. Rooms are definitely on the smaller side but was modern, clean and reasonably priced. Free continental breakfast was included with our package which was a nice perk. Hotel is conveniently located 1/2 block from 8th and 1 1/2 blocks to Penn St. Subway. Decent Italian restaurant 2 blocks north on 9th Ave (opposite side of street). Reception staff was wonderful - Victoria was very accomodating with an early check-in. Only complaint would be the wait for the elevators - 2 for visitors to use (plus a lot of service staff use them) that are both quite small and slow moving based on frequent stops.	
Oct 14 2009 	Very noisy - road noise and air conditioning	I'm not a particularly light sleeper but was kept awake for hours by noise from the street below. I was given a room on the seventh floor at the front of the hotel and I can honestly say it was the noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in. There seemed to be trucks collecting ruubbish starting at around 11pm and going on ALL through the night until 4/5am. The windows provide little sound proofing - really need to sort out the problem. The air conditioing was also extremely noisy and seemed to be either really cold or not on at all.Why didn't I ask to move rooms? Quite simply this was the final leg of a three week holiday in USA and this was our 8th hotel. Think we'd reached the point where we couldn't be bothered to pack and unpack all our things again. If this hadn't been the case I would have demanded to move or would have moved hotels - it really was that bad.Check in had also been very rushed - unlike in other hotels where we were given a choice of room to stay in. In hindside almost seems like they try to palm off the noisy rooms and hope you don't complain/ask to move.The room was very small but not a big issue as only really went back to the room to sleep (or try to as the case was!) Bed was nice and comfortable. Bathroom was decent size and nice shower (although shower leaked onto floor badly).Wait for lifts was annoying - only 2 for c.30 floors is not enough.Staff at breakfast and bellhops were friendly and helpful.Location was ok not the best. Ok in terms of being pretty central to Times Square and subways but no decent restaurants in immediate vicinity.Would I stay here again - no as I wouldn't risk getting a noisy room.	
Oct 13 2009 	A gem in the middle of Manhattan!	You don't have to spend a fortune for a really nice, centrally located Manhattan hotel with this Wyndham Garden Hotel. We got a great deal online with an extended Continental breakfast. The hotel is only nine months old so everything is brand new. The rooms are on the small side, but they are immaculate and the beds are really great. Our bathroom was very large. Everyone couldn't have been nicer or more helpful from the reception desk, to the bellhops and the Food &amp; Beverage Manager at breakfast. We only had two minor complaints. There are twenty something floors but only two elevators, which made for long waits a couple of times. Also, they had a small TV on in each elevator, which we found quite annoying. Doesn't anyone like to have some silence once in a while anymore? Overall though, we were really happy with this hotel and would definitely return.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Choice!!	My daughter and I stayed 4 nights at the Wyndham, we were completely satisfied and would recommend this hotel to others. We found everything to be wonderful. Room decor was wonderful. Walk in shower was great! Location was convenient close to subways, etc. We booked through Travelzoo with a great rate. The continental breakfast was very good. The best thing about this hotel was the staff....everyone was friendly and extremely helpful. You will not regret choosing the Wyndham.	
Oct 12 2009 	great hotel	great hotel, very good location not far from times square, 10 minutes walkthe room was very small for 3 passangers but it was ok, comfortabel beds,bathroomstaff very friendly and helpful	
Oct 11 2009 	A Decent Hotel Great Location But Between Two Noisy Streets	This was my second stay at this hotel in the past year. The hotel is a newer hotel, but it was already showing wear and tear as compared to my first visit. There was a black stain on the carpet by the bed and the light switch in the bathroom did not work correctly. The air conditioner was somewhat loud and could not be turned off even though the weather outside was mild. The shower door sealed very poorly and allowed significant amounts of water to leak onto the bathroom floor. Other wise, the room was in good condition and reasonably clean.The sheets and pillows were of good quality and clean, but the fitted bottom sheet kept coming loose exposing the mattress and mattress pad.This hotel was full on both my visits. It seems that the hotel uses Travel Zoo deals to keep it full. This results in some good values, but the hotel services seem a little stretched by the crowd.The rooms was small, but adequate for two people. Couples with children will be cramped in a standard room.The hotel is located between two very busy streets with heavy truck traffic all night long. During my first visit, it seemed like a noisy garbage truck was parked out front for hours. At the time of my second visit, metal plates had been placed on the street in back of the hotel resulting in a large bang every time a truck ran over one of the plates.The noise is not the fault of the hotel, but more care should have been taken in soundproofing the rooms from street noise.On my first visit. I asked the room clerk for a quiet room. She appeared to be listening, but placed me in a room just above the street. Even with earplugs, my sleep was interrupted many times. The next morning I asked for another room and was placed on a higher floor in the back. Much better.Essentially, the same thing, with the same clerk, happened on my second visit. This time, I went back down immediately and asked for another room. Another clerk gave me a more satisfactory room. If noises bother you, you will not be satisfied in one of the front rooms right over the street. The hotel must know how noisy these rooms are and resists moving you if you are assigned one.The hotel is only a couple blocks from Penn Station which makes it very easy to get to. It is within easy walking distance of many tourists attractions, including Times Square and the Theater District. Overall, this hotel is twice as expensive and half as nice as a good Residence Inn, but I suspect it is about as good as you can do in New York City for the price. For that reason, I recommend it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great hotel	If you're looking for a hotel, stay at the Wyndham Garden! We got a good deal on Travel Zoo. The hotel was clean, bed absolutely comfortable, staff friendly and helpful, and the location was pretty close to the subway station. Times Square was a short 10 minute walk. A recommendation to try is the Italian restaurant, Carbone which is only a short distance from the hotel. The pizza and pasta were both delicious and they have a good selection of Italian wines.	
Oct 9 2009 	Room for 2 in the bathroom!	Newish, very clean, very friendly staff, very comfy beds.	
Oct 8 2009	Fabulous!	This was my first time in New York and finding a reasonably priced hotel, that is also nice, roomy, clean, etc. is not so easy. But I found this particular hotel, with a special on Travelzoo and my mom and I could not be happier. The room was beautiful! Yes, is was a bit small, but the space was utilized well. The beds were beyond comfortable! Had some of the best rest I've had in a long time. With the special, we were given complimentary continental breakfast, which was absolutely delicious. We also were given welcome drink tickets that we used on the 10th floor terrace bar. It was so great!! If I ever go back to New York, this is where I will stay. I recommend it to anyone who is planning a trip there.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Clean Comfortable and Central NYC hotel	My family (mom, dad plus two kids aged 10 and 13) spent five nights in one room at the Wyndham Gardens Hotel in Sept 09. It was our first family city break and the kids first trip to the US from the UK. We booked it because of the consistent high rating (usually) 5.0 on Trip Advisor. We found it great too. The two twin beds in the room were big enough for us all and so comfortable that we even looked forward to returning to them every evening after a hard day's touring the city. The hotel prides itself on the comfort of its beds and rightly so. The room was relatively compact with four of us in it but the shower room was relatively spacious and both rooms were kept very clean and well stocked for the four of us (eg: always sufficient towels and toiletries which made things hassle free). We were at the back of the hotel, the view wasn't great but it was quiet. The hotel is central, the area didn't appear as bad as some reviewers have suggested and is usefully close to 9th Avenue which houses a wide range of small family run restaurants (just turn right instead of left as you exit the hotel). The staff were helpful but not intrusive, the hotel has a useful 'home' policy in which it can provide you with stuff you may have forgotten or were unable to bring (including laptops). A great base for a city break, would happily return and recommend it wholeheartedly. Enjoy!	
Oct 8 2009 	Pleasant comfortable and clean.	Aside from the smiling accomodating staff, the rooms were lovely and very comfortable. I was surprised by the size of the bathrooms. Much larger than most of the hotels where I've stayed. The view was beautiful day and night. Overall it was a very pleasant stay and I will not hesitate to stay here again (and again).	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Location very close to subways or walking everywhere.	So convenient to Central Park, Maceys, Times Square and so much more. Rooms are very small, clean, but big windows. Restaurant had very good food. Service was so friendly and welcoming. We booked this online through Travelzoo and got an amazing deal for New York hotel prices! If you don't spend much time in your room, except to sleep, the room size is not so important and the price is.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great all around! Rooms service 	We had 3 rooms and all were clean, comfortable and well located. The queen room had plenty of space for 2 adults and furnishings and decorating was modern &amp; new. The beds were very comfortable. I was impressed by the GREAT customer service as well. What a treat to stay at the Wyndham Garden Hotel Times Square South. The continental breakfast was ample &amp; fresh too and you could pay extra for more items as well. We wanted to check out the 10th Floor Terrace for drinks &amp; tapas, but weather had forced it's closure during our stay. Next time we will. We will DEFINITELY return for another stay in NYC.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed at the Wyndham Garden for 11 nights in September. Found a deal on Travelzoo for $179.00 a night which included a continental breakfast. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was filling. Some guests have commented on the neighborhood expressing concerns about safety. However my husband and I felt safe at night in the area. On 9th are tons of restaurants within walking distance and you can also easily walk to Times Square. The hotel is two blocks from a subway stop making transportation simple to use. Yes the room is on the small side, but we found we could easily store our belongings. The bathroom was good size and the shower was wonderful. We were on the 17th floor and did not hear any traffic noise. The bed was very comfortable and maid service was very good (always providing enough towels and toiletry items). Would definitely stay here again.CourtneyWhittier,CA	
Oct 2 2009 	If your looking for great Hospitality in NYC!!	You need to stay here. We had reservations at the Gem Hotel in Midtown, only a few blocks away. As soon as we walked into the Gem Hotel there was total attitude for the front desk clerk so we immediately checked out and walked down the street a few blocks to the Wyndham Garden - Times Square South. The moment we walked in we were greeted by the bell man and the front desk, the whole staff was beyond friendly the entire stay. We found out that the rate was exactly the same as the GEM and to our happy surprise after checking out the room I can tell you that it everything was much nicer and up to date. Very comfortable beds, nice view from the 26th floor, a nice little restaurant in the lobby floor, free continental breakfast &amp; cocktail coupons. I loved staying here, they turned my almost ruined trip to New York into a great comfortable time. I will definitely come back and stay with them. You will not be disappointed.	
Oct 2 2009 	Fine Hotel	I just returned from NYC and stayed at this hotel for 7 nights. I really have nothing but good comments about our stay at this fine hotel. The hotel location was convenient, only few blocks away from Time Square and a couple blocks away from subway stations. The hotel decor was very modern with great lighting and the room itself was clean... very clean! The bed was super comfortable. We also had free continental breakfast every morning - that was definitely a bonus! Staff were friendly and really helpful. Free internet in the room as well as free access to computers in the lobby area with no charge printing - very useful when you need to print out directions or maps. Overall, I have no complaints about this hotel. I definiitely recommend staying here.	
Oct 1 2009 	Treasured memories of Wyndham Garden Inn Times Square South	My friends and I traveled to NYC to celebrate our birthdays. I chose the hotel and was hopeful it would work for everyone. We had a ball!The rooms are small (but this is NYC).....but they were immaculate. They are well appointed and quiet. We had a ball.What made the stay superb was the service......the front desk, room service, the sky deck and the cafe.....everyone was friendly and went out of their way to make our stay comfortable. The location is good. Convenient walk to Times Square....and close to the subway and Macy's. All-in-all....very well done.	
Sep 28 2009 	loved this hotel	we stayed for 4 nights at the hotel and love it. The room was very modern, clean and nicely furnished (although small, but this is standard for the area). The bathroom was quite large with a beautiful glass shower stall. The staff was very helpful and friendly, from giving us a hand with our luggage to giving subway directions. The maid service folks were wonderful and very friendly, giving us some extra shampoos and rearranging schedules to clean when we were out of the room. Breakfast was included in our plan, and it was lovely (muffins, juice, fresh fruit, etc. and Starbucks coffee, which we loved). The lobby had some funky furniture and free computer stations, great for looking up places to go and keeping in touch with folks at home.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent Stay	I recently stayed at this wonderful small hotel. It is immaculate and the service is outstanding. Great for a quick getaway.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel	My boyfriend and I decided to come to New York for the Red Sox/Yankees game. When we started looking at the price of New York hotels we couldnt believe how much some of them were. We wanted to stay somewhere close to the action but get an affordable price as well. I searched on travelzoo and found a deal at this hotel for $179 a night including the continential breakfast and buy 1 get 1 drinks. The hotel was great! We were on the second floor so the slow elevators were not even an issue for us. The beds were very comfortable and the showers were so powerful. The location was perfect. We walked to Times Square multiple times, Empire State Building and we walked to the subway to go to both the Statue of Liberty and Yankee Stadium. We never needed a taxi. One night we went to Marinos Italian restaurant which is just a short walking from the hotel and I would highly recommend it. Hotel was in short walking distance of liquor store, convenience stores, dunkin donuts, pizza places. So you can grab a quick inexpenisve meal at any time. If I ever go back to New York this would be the hotel I would stay at.	
Sep 23 2009 	HIDDEN GEM IN NYC	My sisters and I planned a trip to NYC to celebrate a 21 birthday. I booked the Wyndham Garden Times Square South hotel. This hotel exceeded my expectations and I would definitely stay there again! The checkin process was quick and efficient. The satff was warm and friendly. The room was clean and the beds were oh so comfortable. The hotel and its decor was up to date and modern. I really enjoyed the free WiFi as well as the complimentary continental breakfast as we stayed on the concierge floor. The hotel was a short walk to Times Square, Bryant Park and Shoppimg. As a picky trveler I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Quaint hotel with wonderful staff great value and comfortable rooms close to subway station.	My mom and I stayed here for our first trip to NYC. The staff was wonderful! They were friendly and accomodating. The breakfast was wonderful for those of us on the go. It was close to the subway station so easy to get anywhere in Manhattan. There was a wonderful terrace with a bar where you could sit out in the wonderful weather away fromt he city streets to relax. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Manhattan. The value was hard to beat!	
Sep 21 2009 	Would recommend to anyone	My wife and I stayed here the first week of September for 4 nights as part of our east coast tripWe originally were booked into a 4 star hotel close to Grand Central station but changed our plans when we found out the hotel was being refurbished - a great moveComing off the train at Penn Station from Washington it was a short walk to 36th street which was not as bad as a lot of people described it (we did walk back to the hotel late at night and did not feel threatened)Quickly checked into the hotel and settled in our smallish room but modern amenities- we did not plan to and did not spend a lot of time in it.Very helpful and pleasant staff in the bar and restaurant area , had breakfast 3 times and 1 evening meal - moderately expensive but plentiful , let down at breakfast there should have been more fresh fruit in the chopped fruit bowlone big plus was the free internet use;other hotels we stayed in charged for this.it was my wifes 50th birthday whilst we were there and my travel agent informed the hotel so we thought there may have been a card or a bottle of wine on the day ,but nothing .#This was only a minor let down and we would have no hesitation in recommenig the hotel to any of our friends travelling to the big apple	
Sep 18 2009 	Very Hard To Fault This Hotel	recently stayed here for four nights and wasnt upset with my choice. Large kingsize room (even for NYC standards!) with every possible extra, even an umbrella for those rainy days. Good size bathroom with lovely walk in shower. Food and service top notch with room service up till 11pm. As stated before, street is not full of activity, supermarket at the corner but no pubs/cafes to talk about, but never did i feel unsafe even when it got fairly late. Location is superb for Penn and within 20mins walk to central park. Overall, i would highly recomend this hotel for price, location to everything, service and amenities. Will deffo be back!	
Sep 14 2009 	Convenient and comfortable!	Booked the hotel via Hotwire.com and got a pretty good deal for a hotel that boasts in location. The closest subway station to this hotel is Penn Station, which is a pretty busy station and is easily accessible to all the diff coloured lines of the New York subway system. Rooms are very clean but quite small, but that is expected of New York so we didn't mind the lack of space. The hotel itself is located on a street that could be a bit unsettling at night so make sure to not walk alone around the area when the sun sets. Minor setback would have been their lack of toothpastes for their guests, but other than that, the service was great and would definitely recommend this hotel for the price and location!	
Sep 14 2009 	Very efficient hotel	Stayed there last week for 2 nights and was very pleased. Staff was very friendly and accomodating especially Mark and Laura. Room was immaculate with great bed.Would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 12 2009 	Nice and new but tiny!	My boyfriend and I recently spent eight days in New York. We wanted to stay at this hotel for the whole trip but were only able to stay our first three nights (remaining dates not available). Everything IN the room was great (SUPER comfy bed, great bedding, bright and nicely done bathroom, refridgerator) except for the size. Had we not stayed somewhere else, we probably wouldn't have minded it but since we ended up at a different but similar price point hotel for our last four nights, we were able to compare the two. The room at this hotel is good for sleeping only. There is no armchair/sitting area and minimal room for luggage. One thing that bothered me was you couldn't have the bathroom door open when getting ready because the bathroom door would hit the wall it opens out to if you tried. Location wise, it was great for us because we took the subway everywhere. It was always a quick walk to Penn Station or the other lines that were a few more blocks away. The breakfast was good and the coffee was great (they brew starbucks). I would recommend this hotel if you only slept in your room and didn't spend any extra time there.	
Sep 11 2009 	Immaculate and new.	I had a completely positive experience at this hotel. The rooms are tiny and I was alone, but other than that it was great. Staff was wonderful.	
Sep 10 2009 	Inexpensive but unremarkable	This hotel is clean and fairly inexpensive, by New York standards. There is a nice exercise room in the basement, with cardio equipment and free weights. The business center in the lobby is available 24 hours per day. The hotel is located on a fairly quite block right in the fashion district. The beds are quite comfortable. The rooms are small, but typical to New York. All in all, the hotel is fairly nice. My only complaint is that the hotel is unremarkable. You can stay in a dozen other hotels, at this price, near this neighborhood, and have the same experience. In other words, there is no good reason to stay at, or avoid, this hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	GREAT HOTEL VERY COOL ROOMS GREAT LOCATION	This hotel just opened after being refurbished, the rooms are decked out really cool. Very nice bathrooms (spacious showers, no bath tub thou). The staff is very nice and attentive. the two rooms I stayed in were small, but space is used well and they felt quite cozy and ergenomic. very cool lighting in the rooms, A/C works great, bed, pillows, and coverings were soft and comfy. I didnt use the room service but judging by the rest of the service it would have been great. had breakfast in the restaurant and a few beers at the bar, good stuff. the workout room is small, but has a couple good machines, treadmills, and free wieghts. I had an awesome stay and plan to go there again!	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel! Will Stay Again!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Wyndham and loved it. My husband and I were in NY for the Tennis US Open, so we were not in the hotel much, but what we saw of it was great. The hotel is very modern on the inside and out. The hotel staff was wonderful and very attentive to our needs. Check in and out were a breeze. The hotel has 3 internet stations in the lobby with free usage for all guest. The printer is also available. Big plus and made checking in for our flight very easy and quick. Continental breakfast was also served with the option to upgrade to the breakfast buffet for only $7. The rooms were small but very clean and tastefully decorated with modern amenities, including a flat screen t.v. and nice comfy linens. The exercise room is a nice size and the equipment worked, was durable, and totally top of the line. Several complimentary items are availabel upon request, like bottled water, toiletries, or any items you may have forgotten to pack. All in all the place was great. Kind of located on a deserted block, but it's only a 6 block walk to Time Square and close to all major shopping. We got a great deal on travelzoo.com.	
Sep 8 2009 	The best deal in New York!!	To anyone interested on going to New York on a kind of budget travel, this is the place to stay, if you are looking for luxury go somewhere else. We were going to stay for a couple of nights and then move to Queens for the US Open, but after those two nights we decided to stay for the total of our trip, very convinient, excellent location, super staff. This is the place to stay in New York, breakfast coupons that you could use at the cafeteria or at the starbucks on site (even at noon or later, did not had to wake up early to have breakfast). If you are in the 40K to the 70K, do not think about it, this is your best cost/benefit option.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice	This was a very nice hotel, for the price we paid, however they don't tell you that they charge you a $50 per room extra recovery cost to you seperate from this price when you check in, still has yet to be reversed like they say it will, rooms at discounted price is small, overall it was the best looking hotel compaired to others	
Sep 7 2009 	Would stay again	The 2 elevators were a bit slow but everything else was great. I booked a deal that included breakfast and that was well worth it..choice of bagel or pastry, coffee or tea, yogurt or fruit. I checked my bags with the hotel after checkout and the all my belongings were returned without harm. The location was off the beaten path just a bit, being a single female I might not have felt that comfortable traveling alone at night. It's several blocks down from Port Authority which has shady characters but for the most part I think they'd leave everyone alone. There was also a 2 Bro's pizza that offers $1 slice near there.	
Sep 7 2009 	Wyndham By Request	I had forgotten about signing up for Wyndham By Request. What a nice surprise to find a split of red wine, a high quality fruit plate and two bottles of water waiting when we checked in.We stayed at this hotel five nights. The room was small, but very well organized and clean. The bathroom was spotless and really quite large compared to the room. The breakfast staff was excellent-very friendly and hard working.The only two draw backs were: 1. The slow elevators in the morning. 2. Walking west on 36th street after dark is a bit scary.Our Travelzoo deal gave us excellent value for the dollar. We would stay there again without hesitation.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location modern rooms beautiful bathroom	This hotel is in a great location. Close to all the action on 32nd Street. Visit Manhattan once every couple of years will stay at this hotel again. The hotel staff were extremely accomoating. One of the best overall staff experiences that I have witnessed throughout all my years of staying at New York hotels. Room was very modern, comfortable size for a couple sharing a king size room. Bathroom was very nice large and modern.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Value and Location	Hotel and its' amenities are fantastic value. Staff very helpful and accommodating. Location is great, couple blocks to Penn Station (Madison Square Garden) and 3 or 4 blocks to Times Square, Broadway, Macy's, and Empire State. Two blocks to subway station that has easy - no transfer trains to downtown and direct to Yankee Stadium. As some reviewers noted, the location is a little isolated and quiet in the evenings, but we didn’t run into any problems - allowed for restful sleeps. Hotel very helpful for tour, transportation information. If your coming from Newark airport take the train to Penn Station....15 bucks a person -- Leave right from the airport terminal. I know where I’m staying next time I come to New York...this one’s a keeper.	
Sep 4 2009 	A fabulous place to stay in NYC	We went to NYC for a quick 1 night sight seeing trip. Found a good deal on TravelZoo for the Wyndham Garden. After reading the reviews here I could not agree more- the place is great. The rooms are a little small, but it is NYC. The staff at this hotel is so nice and friendly- everyone we had to interact with was a fabulous statement about what is important to the management. We ate in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast and had good meals and service for both. I would highly recommend a stay here!	
Sep 1 2009 	Awesome!	This hotel is located right in the heart of everything that is New York!	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Place to Stay!	I decided to go to NYC alone for an overnight trip of relaxation and shopping. The hotel was great!! I arrived about 11am and my room was ready. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My room was clean and the bed was amazingly comfortable. The hotel is a short walk from Penn Station, Times Square and Macys and only 2 blocks from the subway. If I could say one thing negative it would only be that the 300 block of W 36th street was very quiet with only a few resteraunts on the block and many of the buildings boarded up this could be a concern for some. Being alone I did not feel threatened at all, but it was a quiet block. I would definately stay there again.	
Aug 29 2009 	A fantastic hotel for a fantastic price and with a fantastic location.	I stayed with my aunt for a four night trip to NYC. We found this hotel through TravelZoo and received a free breakfast at the Starbucks on location with this package. Upon arrival we were quickly checked in. Our room was quite small but it was very clean, had great toiletries and the bed was extremely comfortable. I can say nothing but good things about the room. The staff were very helpful and friendly and genuinely welcoming.The hotel was a two or three minute walk to the nearest subway station so it was easy to get to anywhere in NYC. It was a 10 minute walk to Macy's for great shopping. It was also a 8-10 minute walk to Times Square; I did this walk late at night by myself and did not feel unsecure at any time.I found only two small things wrong with this hotel - at checkout times the elevators took a while to arrive at your floor; there were three computers for guest use but some patrons spent quite a bit of time on them while others were obviously waiting. Perhaps a note regarding time limits would serve as a friendly reminder that there are other guests. I would not hesitate to book this hotel again for my next trip to NYC.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Wyndham Garden hotel on aug 22, 2009. The hotel was perfect. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable and the staff was friendly. The location was great too. I would stay here every time I come to the city.	
Aug 25 2009 	Didn't disappoint - great value!	We discovered this hotel through a great promotion with Travelzoo. At $172 per night (inc. taxes) we felt we got exceptional value. The hotel is located within walking distance of Penn Subway Station, Macy's, the Empire State Buidling and Times Square. Just a half block away from the hustle and bustle of 8th Ave. the Wyndham Garden is in a very quiet and unassuming neighborhood. During the day we walked or took the subway everywhere and at night we felt safer walking. One of the hotel staff pointed out the 18th Precinct is directly across the street so safety just isn't an issue in this part of the city.As soon as you step inside the hotel's doors you get a feel for the entire place - a relatively small hotel by NewYork City standards, but it's very big on friendly staff, cleanliness and newly and tastefully decorated rooms. We received a complimentary room upgrade to one of their 'clean air' rooms on the 4th floor and were relieved to find the room not as tiny as we'd anticipated from reading earlier reviews. Apparently the larger rooms are on the lower floors. Our king size bed was exceptionally comfortable and everything from linens, to a lovely bathroom, nice furniture and a large screen TV made our stay very comfortable. We spent most of time exploring the city so only spent time in the room to sleep so having a spacious room wasn't that important to us. The fitness center is small, but the machines are new and in excellent condition. Our only disappointment with the hotel was the restaurant. We tried it twice and were disappointed both times, so ate out for the remainder of our stay. We would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you were like us in trying to find an affordable place in which to stay so we could spend our money on other activities.	
Aug 24 2009	Wyndham Garden Hotel - Times Square South	This hotel is in excellent condition and the staff is very, very helpful. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean and bright. Our package included cocktails and breakfast - both were great. My one tip - - we left the theater district as all of the shows got out on a Friday night and thought we would find dinner on our way back to the hotel. Once you leave the theater district (where everything was very crowded), the options are slim to none after 11 pm! The hotel staff was very helpful in arranging pizza delivery (it was hot and delicious!) We would definitely stay there again. Great value - but more than that, clean, safe and an extremely helpful staff.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great value beautiful hotel	Easy to locate. Staff was incredibly helpful. Room was immaculate, with even a good view on the lower floors. Everything is just clearly new (the furniture, the bathrooms, etc). The free breakfast was awesome. The bartenders are friendly. Free internet. Place just feels green and airy - lots of plants, windows, glass walls, etc. Free drinks as well with the deal we had. Bed was awesome, a/c unit new and wonderful, big TV and air purifier. You cannot get a better deal in NYC, I guarantee it. Next time we go, we will go here again! Very close to Penn Station as well.	
Aug 16 2009	Great hotel	I was on a budget on this years trip to nyc.. having recently stayed at the millenium UN plaza and paying over 200 dollars a night, i wanted to keep it under 150 dollars this time but not compromise location and cleanliness/service. i found the wyndham garden on 1800hotels.com, at a much lower rate than the hotel website as well as expedia and the other search engines. Overall, my stay was great. Room was immaculate, the cleaning ladies were quick and efficient, and the location of the hotel was perfect. I would recommend this hotel to anybody, and if the price is right for my next nyc trip i would love to stay here again.	
Aug 16 2009 	great value-better than anticipated	One of the best deals out there-very clean,comfortable,close to everything. More amenities that you expect for the price-how often does that happen??	
Aug 15 2009 	Fantastic Manhattan hotel but stay up high and in the north side	This is a gem of a hotel. Nearly brand new (even the google streetview shows it being in construction) and located just two blocks north of Madison Square Garden, one block from the subway. It worked great for our brief stay in New York City on both ends of our honeymoon. The rooms are small (typical for Manhattan), but effective. A/C works great. The first stay had us in a room on the 15th floor on the north side of the hotel, which was much quieter than the second stay which had us on the 5th floor facing 36th St. I didn't sleep much that second stay due to the noise of garbage trucks rumbling by and sirens. Look for good deals on Travelzoo for this hotel! And check out the bar on the 10th floor--it's fantastic (although $9 for a beer is crazy!!). Staff was VERY helpful, and they were able to hold our luggage on checkout day while we putzed around the city before an evening flight out of JFK.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location great hotel	Very nice hotel. Rooms kinda tight...but it's NYC. Close to 34th Street/Macys and 42nd St, and subway. Staff was very friendly and helpful, room (and hotel) were very clean, and the7y stopped by in evenings to refresh. Nice fitness center, and if not enough, free passes to local fitness center. Lemonade in the lobby in afternoons. Starbucks in lobby, along with full restaurant. I'd stay here again in a NY minute.	
Aug 12 2009 	Very clean and perfectly located	Very nice property. The rooms were not large however I didn't expect that given the location in NYC. I've been to hotels in NYC where I didn't get much sleep due to the noise but this was very quiet. The staff was extremely helpful and gracious. Good location --easy to walk everywhere or hop on the subway.Beds were very nice and linens lovely.	
Aug 12 2009 	Beautiful accommodations and convenient location	The rooms have been recently renovated - very clean rooms, comfortable beds, lovely tiled bathroom...very pleasant experience	
Aug 11 2009 	More than you can ask for"	Location. Service. On-site amenities. View (by Mid-town standards). My wife and I stayed 4 nights at this hotel through the TravelZoo promotion and were not disappointed. A couple years ago we stayed on Madison Ave near the Empire State building and found this location much more convenient. You are only a few blocks from Times Square, the Theatre District and Restaurant Row. Penn Station is just down the street as is the Port Authority. Beds are comfortable, rooms are clean and the continental breakfast was a special bonus. We would definitely return.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location....	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, got a great rate on Travelzoo for $139 for 2 of those and $159 which included a continental breakfast such as bread, bagels, fresh fruit and yogurts...you could upgrade to a buffet breakfast for $7.99 but we didn't....the hotel is smoke free except for the outdoor patio....the staff were extremely helpful and courteous, the rooms were immaculate ....loved the bed and the air cleaner that was in the room...spacious bathroom and great spa products (hard to believe a hotel with decent products eh).....also free high speed internet in rooms which we loved having....restaurant on site was fine but there are so many choices in NYC.....the location was great, a 10 minute walk to times square, practically around the corner from Macy's and Penn station....the street the hotel is located on is being renovated there is scaffolding everywhere....parking is down the street at the New Yorker for about $40 a day.....the hotel was described on these board as &quot;A Hidden Jewel in the Rough&quot; and so it is......will stay here again for sure...	
Aug 8 2009 	Good clean hotel in a central location worth the money.	Our family of three stayed here for 4 nights.Enjoyed clean room, all things were working, breakfast was good. Room size was small but considering the times square location, that is acceptable.I had booked through Travelzoo. The best rate one could get in that vicinity.I shall stay here if I were to come again and I strongly recommend.	
Aug 7 2009 	This will be my hotel in NYC from now on!	Look no further, this is the place you should book. First, location: I was able to walk EVERYWHERE from the hotel on 36th...the Intrepid, Radio City, Times Square, Macy's, Penn Station, saved $ on transportation...it was ALL within walking distance. The room: my single (full sized bed) room was small, yes, but that's NY real estate...I have stayed in some BAD hotels in NY and I would prefer to have a small but absolutely SPOTLESS hotel room. I'm not kidding. No speck of anything on the carpets or in the bathroom. Spotless. The bed: probably the best bed I've ever slept in. Now that I'm at home, I miss THAT bed. Conveniences: doormen incredibly helpful with directions and even go to the corners to hail cabs for you. Tip them, they deserve it! Breakfast bar was reasonably priced and a great way to start the day. Good bagels &amp; coffee drinks. Nice booths with internet access to help make plans or check email. Did not try the restaurant, but my room overlooked the patio bar, and everyone seemed to be enjoying the night air. I chose this hotel because of the price and to get Wyndham points, but the reviews here sure helped, and people weren't lying. This place is absolutely wonderful.	
Aug 6 2009 	The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in	The sheets were wonderful and the mattress and bedding were outstanding. We stayed only one night but will definitely go back. The room was quiet and included some very nice touches - including reading lights on the bed, to allow me to read without disturbing my husband,, Though it is not the closest hotel to theson that we were visiting, it is very convenient to everything else. Just a couple of blocks from the Lincoln Tunnel and the subway, not to mention Times Square.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel for The money	I just returned from New York and though the rooms are small the hotel is clean and attractive the location is perfect if you have business to do around 7th Ave the staff were helpful and very courteous check in was very smooth.I will return to this Wyndam again it gets an A+++in my book.	
Aug 4 2009 	Not Worth the $	I booked a Travelzoo weekly bargain deal. We paid $185 for 1 night (plus breakfast &amp; free cocktails). The room was the smallest room I have ever had at any hotel ever. There was no closet, NO CLOSET. That is how small the room was. The hotel staff was not friendly at check in. The Front Desk did not answer the phone when we called down. The deal we booked was overstated--1 &quot;free cocktail&quot; with the purchase of any other beverage and the items stated on the &quot;free breakfast&quot; were not available. The location of the hotel was ideal for our trip, but I have stayed in many other, larger, more well appointed hotels in the city, and would NEVER recommend this one.	
Aug 2 2009 	The Garden That Never Sleeps...	So New York isn’t all buildings as the skyline may suggest. Add some geraniums and sunflowers and you’ve got a delightful combination. You may not consider the appeal of the juxtaposition, but I say it’s necessary; especially during the spring and summer when you want to be outside and amongst nature. No need to catch the next jitney to the Hamptons for the weekend when you can bask in the sun on the Wyndham’s tenth floor terrace or in the serene restaurant lounge. Managing to capture the chic style that is New York, the hotel takes beauty a step further by adding in some gorgeous greenery, carrying the theme throughout the design of the hotel. After a day of shopping or a night at the theater, this retreat is especially enlightening. Avoid feeling overwhelmed and just feel refreshed at the Wyndham. Sit either outside on the patio garden or inside a dining room with glass walls over looking it and you can’t go wrong. With a light and healthy (but definitely satisfying) meal, you’ll get the energy you need to take on the city. I was especially impressed by the appetizers and the drink—there’s nothing like ordering an iced coffee and getting it made at the neighboring coffee shop (another feature of the hotel), in a plastic cup, to go. Read your morning paper, even sneak an email-check on a lobby computer (at your table), but don’t feel suffocated for a second—the lovely atmosphere is constantly reminding you that you’re on vacation.	
Jul 28 2009 	I Don't Know How They Do It!	We stayed at this great find for only one night because we were moving around and only had a night in the Big Apple. We found the hotel on a competitive website and were impressed by the reviews on Tripadvisor. The value is fantastic. Not only did we get a room for a very low price by New York standards, but also got turndown service, a huge breakfast (they call it continental but with eggs, meats, potatoes, and all the rest) it can get you through the day. In addition we each got a drink on the house at the 10th floor outdoor bar. The room is small, but well designed, spotless,with lots of goodies in the beautiful bathroom with a terrific shower. There is internet service and a great desk. True there is not a huge amount of closet space, but for the price -- it's great.Some people complained about the elevator service in previous reviews. We stayed on the 26th, the top floor, and the elevators were fine.The location on West 36th St. is safe, a stone's throw from Macy's and the bargain shopping nearby. We walked the the Five Napkins a restaurant on 9th and 45st and the streets were crowded and safe.There is not much to complain about this hotel. The room might be a bit small for an extended stay, but the service and the value cannot be beat. From now on I shall check out the Wyndham chain -- and no I do not work for the company -- HONEST!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel - clean gracious service it has it all!	This hotel exceeded our expectations in so many ways. Our room was typical NYC small but laid out very efficiently and made good use of the space. The room was clean and I appreciated that the bathroom had enough space to spread out a little bit (no putting my makeup bag in the sink because of lack of counter space!).The hotel is slightly off the beaten path but only a couple of blocks from Penn Station. I can't say I felt any more or less safe with the neighborhood that my other adventures in NYC.Our rate included both welcome coctails and breakfast for each morning. The coctails were able to be used whenever you felt like it (not necessarily upon arrival if you choose otherwise). The continental breakfast was AWESOME! There were two options: buffet style hot breakfast or a &quot;grab and go&quot; choice. We elected grab and go both mornings which allowed us to choose 3 items from the following: yogurt, Fiji bottled water, Naked smoothies/juice, other juice, assorted pastries and bagels, fresh fruit. In addition, coffee is also included and can be lattes, etc from their barista. They graciously toasted our bagels and smeared them with as much cream cheese as we wanted. We honestly had so much food that we put some back in the in-room mini-fridge (along with the complementary water that they refill daily or more often if you ask).Each floor has only about 8 rooms and while we were close to the elevator it was very quiet. In all, this was a great find and I would be happy to stay here again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Nice find in NYC	Had a mommy/daddy getaway with my wife this past week. Hotel was small, but new and very clean. Our room was a King/Allergy Efficient, it was very cruiseship like (SMALL), but it is NYC! It was very clean and comfortable for 2 people. The hotel is a bit off the beaten path, W36th between 8th and 9th, but within walking distance to Times Square (5blks), Madison Square Garden (2blks) and Penn Station (Subway). We also found out that 9th Ave has many fine (locals eat here), restaurants which are a couple blocks off of Times Square. Small chic little eating places, family run and operated (NO CHAINS). All in all a nice find for NYC, quite a bargain with a TZOO deal!	
Jul 25 2009 	It's the little things that count...and missing them detracts considerably	Some friends and I decided to meet in NYC for a reunion weekend. We both booked concierge-level rooms through the Travelzoo rate.For starters, despite multiple requests, not only were our rooms not close to one another, we were on different floors.We got to the hotel early and left our baggage, which went smoothly, and checked in. However, when we returned, the staff asked me to check in again, and didn't seem to know I'd already given the paperwork. Nor did they have the breakfast coupons available but I had to ask for them.When I got to our nice (NYC-sized--meaning small--but no surprise there) room, it had two comfy looking beds, nice bath amenities, a bathrobe (but no slippers, which were supposed to be part of the concierge-level stay), and...two containers of someone else's yogurt left in the fridge--eww. Big notch down for that.I called about the omission of welcome cocktails, which are part of the concierge-level, and was told I could have the breakfast as part of the rate but not the drinks (not a big deal, but if it's part of concierge level, it should be consistently applied). I asked about the slippers and was offered to have a robe sent up. Um, I had one of those already.Good points: nice location (a litttle farther from Penn Station than I'd thought, though), clean room (except for the yogurts left in the fridge), and a reasonable rate through Travelzoo for a Manhatten hotel.However, as a travel agent, I find that the details really matter, and there were just a few points that didn't make this a 'wow' experience.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very impressed! Super clean super nice and I'm super happy!	I had a wonderful stay at the Wyndham Garden Hotel - Times Square South. I have stayed in NYC on may occasions and at many different hotels. This is now my absolute favorite hotel! On this particular stay, I was completely elated with the overall service and quality of accommodations. Every single employee I encountered (front desk, wait staff, cleaning staff, etc.) were courteous, professional and happy! The room was clean, bright and very comfortable. The restaurant was excellent and the drinks were perfect! I will be recommending this Wyndham to all friends and colleagues. (Even my dog was happy with the hotel. I brought my Miniature Schnauzer on this trip and the hotel staff were very welcoming to her too!)I would have given the Wyndham 5 stars, but the location is a bit off the tourist path. It's walkable to Times Square and Rockefeller Center, but it's not ideal. Technically, this is considered Hell's Kitchen (or right next door). It's a mix of residential and commercial (with most of the shops being a bit sketchy). Don't misunderstand, I had absolutely NO problems during my stay and would absolutely stay there again because the room and customer service were perfect.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great hotel great location and freindly staff!	My husband and I just stayed at this hotel and we have nothing but great comments. The location was safe and withing walking distance to the subway and many sites in the city. The room was small but that is typical of NYC hotels. We found a great rate that included breakfast and welcome drinks. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	What a deal!	Found a $129 + tax rate on Travelzoo including continental breakfast and welcome drink. Despite the location on 36th St between 8th and 9th avenues, I decided to go for the deal. It was really worth it. Very fast and friendly check-in, small room but very clean, nice bathroom and very compfy bed. Flat screen tv and small refrig. Longer walk that usual to Times Sq and I wouldn't walk alone as single female (I had my spouse with me) down 9th ave at night alone but 8th seemed fine. Three computer terminals in the eating area for free guest use and apparently there is wifi in the rooms but we didn't use (no laptop). Nice outdoor bar on the 10th floor where we got our complimentary drinks. Continental breakfast isn't served until 7:30 in the Greenhouse area but you can select items from the bar area instead before then (juice, fruit or yogurt, muffin or bagel or cereal, coffee or tea). Helpful concierge; smooth check-out. Especially for this price, or even a bit more, I'd stay here again.	
Jul 21 2009 	A gem!	Very nice stay. Great staff. My stay included continental breakfast and internet access. The one downside is the location (gritty street but not unsafe) but then again everything is nearby . The street quickly disappears with a few minutes of walking. The village is only minutes away by subway.	
Jul 16 2009 	Was beyond our expectations!!!	We just got back from a two night stay in NYC . One of the highlights of our trip was our hotel. The room was beyond what we could have hoped for--clean, spacious and affordable. It was close to everything--Times Square (15 min.) , the Gershwin Theatre (20 min.) and the subway (2 blocks). It was wonderful to come back to such a clean and inviting oasis after walking through the streets. The staff were friendly and helpful. We will certainly come back to New York and the Wyndham!!	
Jul 15 2009 	Loved it no major complaints! Great staff!	We stayed at the Wyndham Garden Hotel - Times Square South for 2 nights. The hotel was clean, quite, and in a great location. I thought we got a great deal for the price we paid and valet parking was included in the price. The room was on the 4th floor and was very small but this was to be expected in New York City. We really didn't spend a lot of time in the room during the day or evening anyway. The walk from the hotel to the center of Times Square was about 8 blocks but there is so much to see and do that you hardly notice that you are walking. It was about 25 blocks to Central Park, took us almost a half an hour but we enjoyed the walk. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, Cathy was very professional and fixed a minor issue with our bill at checkout. One more thing that was a plus for me was the FREE WI-FI. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience and we will definitely recommend and/or stay here again!	
Jul 14 2009 	The only negative is that you never want to leave your room!	I rarely travel and so when planning this trip to NYC, I wanted to be sure it was good. In tough times like these, it's more important than ever to spend the few bucks you have wisely. On my last trip to NY several years ago, I was left with one indelible memory: a room that reeked of smoke. I can't even remember the name of the place, but I had requested a non-smoking room and was given one that was obviously a smoker's haven. When I complained, I was told the hotel was full and couldn't change. It was too late at night for me to check out, so I braved it. They sent up some woman who sprayed something that made it all worse. I checked out the next day, but the smoke went into my suitcase and everything had to be washed. I vowed that this would never happen to me again. So this time I looked for hotels that are totally smoke free. Well, the Wyndham was beyond my wildest dreams, for not only is it smoke-free, but it offered an option to choose an &quot;allergy free&quot; room that featured air purifiers, hypoallergenic sheets and so on. We stayed three nights and the only negative was that we hated to leave the room! I cannot describe how wonderful and comfy the beds were, and so quiet! We overlooked the restaurant and courtyard. Usually, wherever I sleep, including at home, I sniffle through the night and end up stuffing Kleenex beneath my pillow. I couldn't believe it. From the moment I entered the &quot;allergy free&quot; room, I never used a single Kleenex. The service was great and friendly. Breakfast came late one morning (by only 15 minutes)and they insisted it was on the house! The food is also organic--cage free eggs and so on. The tomato basil soup was fantastic. I will never stay anyplace else in NYC. Three blocks from the Port Authority so we got to the subway in a flash, and of course Times Square also a short walk away. Go, Wyndham! Kudos for the allergy free and non-smoking, healthy policy. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were, too!	
Jul 12 2009	Great Girls' Weekend!	Stayed the one night and loved the valet service. The staff was more than attentive and the matriarchs of the group loved how the rooms were well appointed and the accessibility of all the ammenities in the hotel. Great proximity to Times Square and all NYC shopping. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent	Great location, lovely comfy, large bed, room was very compact but really we only used it to sleep, lovely shower room, plenty of towels, would definatley return.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great location great quality!	Stayed in Wyndham Garden Hotel for 6 nights in June. We booked our room via travelzoo and got very good rate for a room with a skyline view. Our room was on 23rd floor and, though not too big, was very comfortable and clean. We could see the top of Empire State Building from our bed! Great power shower in the bathroom and spa toiletries. All members of staff were nice and helpful. Lovely breakfast area and patio as well as 10th floor open-air restaurant - fantastic for relax after long day of walking around. Free wireless internet worked perfectly. If we ever come back to New York I am sure we will stay there again.	
Jun 30 2009 	This is a great hotel in a convenient location!	We just got back from a three-night stay at the Wyndham Garden and had a great time in NYC and at this hotel. I travel to NYC for pleasure 7-10 times each year; this hotel will be toward the top of my list for options. It's not a luxury hotel, but it's a lot better than others out there at the same price. If you are getting to NYC by subway, Amtrak, or one of the bus companies from Boston / Philadelphia / DC, you will not find a more convenient hotel. You can walk from Penn Station.The hotel looks and feels brand new. The lobby has a coffee shop / bar as well as a big seating area where you can use the Internet, for free (slow connection, though). If you bring your own laptop, you can either use the complimentary wi-fi in the lobby and in your room, or bring a ethernet cord and use it, instead. (Speeds are fast in your room.)The restaurant on the first floor is serviceable. The complimentary continental breakfasts (muffins, coffee, boxes of cereal, toast/bagels) were mediocre, but you can upgrade and pay for a hot meal.The rooms were large enough. If you know NYC hotel rooms, you'll think this room is big enough compared to other hotels. If you don't know NYC hotel rooms, you might think the rooms are small. I think they are large enough. They fit a king-sized bed, two bedside tables, an armoire, a writing desk, a table with a fridge underneath it, and a flat screen TV. All looking brand new.The bathrooms are done nicely. The shower leaked on the floor, which was annoying. Otherwise, perfect.The elevators are slow; we were on the 11th floor and walked half the time. They were probably no more slow than in other hotels, it was noticeably slow during check-out and dinner times. There is an outdoor 10th floor patio where you can sit and have drinks. On a nice, warm, summer afternoon, it's a fantastic way to start your weekend.Great, friendly staff. Easy checking in, easy checking out.I'd give it a B+, maybe even an A-. There was loud music one morning - not sure if it was a guest or something else going on. The elevators were slow. The showers leaked. There wasn't a lot of cabs right outside the door (just walk to 8th or 9th Ave). That's about all that I can say bad about it. We paid $149 per night, weekend rate, with free continental breakfasts and free drink coupons! So, good value for the money.Location is as important to most people. You can walk to Times Square from the hotel. You can walk up and down Ninth Ave to find a fun place to eat.	
Jun 29 2009 	Incredibly slow elevators!	A friend and I stayed here for two nights during a conference. We landed here via a great rate on hotwire, but I'm not sure it was worth the hassle. For 24 floors, the hotel only has two very small elevators. Each night (a Thursday and Friday), the hotel was packed and the elevators moved at a snail's pace. We waited 15 minutes on multiple occasions, finally giving up and resorting to taking the winding, narrow stairs to and from our 12th floor room. The staff was neither apologetic nor particularly interested that we were struggling to get to and from our floor. The room itself was incredibly small but worked well as a place to simply sleep and store luggage. It was clean and pretty new, but we were unable to get hot water throughout our trip (probably because the hotel was so crowded). The neighborhood isn't the greatest at night (a tour bus parked outside the hotel received a nice splattering of graffiti overnight), but the hotel's very convenient to Penn Station trains/buses/subway and to Times Square. I'd consider staying here again for another low rate, but would make very sure I had a room close to the ground floor.	
Jun 29 2009 	Very good value!	My gf and I stayed for seven nights in room 1801. I called the hotel 24 hrs in advance to ask for a room on high floors, as I heard comments on street noise. The hotel rep was very kind and told me he could not guarantee my request as the hotel was overbooked, but he would put a note on my reservation (priceline). No mention of priceline at check in and in a matter of minutes we were off to our room which had lovely views of the skyline towards the river and the buildings nearby. The room was very small, in fact our bathroom was big half of the room, but it was spotless and well kept. The airconditioner was noisy. Flatscreen tv with HD channels was a plus, Wolfgang Puck coffee was pretty good. The maids were polite and very efficient. I found the breakfast buffet very good but terribly overpriced : 50$ for two buffets - tax and tip included is pricey on my opition. But then it's NYC. Wireless internet worked flawlessy. Location was good and the area was safe, we have NEVER felt unsafe and we walked back to the hotel fairly late at night. Very recommended if you can reserve through priceline/hotwire/travelzoo and save about 40% off the rack rate.	
Jun 27 2009 	Beautiful hotel .... Management's response to problem excellent	The hotel itself is clean and inviting. The outdoor lounge on the 10th floor is a relaxing escape above the city. The food in the restaurant was very good and the cocktails on the Terrace were yummy. Our room was clean but we had a problem with the air conditioning: the temperature in our room did not go below 80 degrees. We also had a housekeeping issue (turn-down service was started but not completed leaving us with the unsettling feeling that someone had been in our room). That being said, management's response was outstanding. The hotel was very apologetic and accommodating. I will definitely give this hotel another try.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great New Sophisticated Hotel	It was a great hotel and had some great deals through TravelZoo. Even though the Concierge wasn't always there, the other staff was very helpful in suggesting restaurants, museums, directions. Location was just a little off the beaten bath from Times Square and such, but still just a short walk to transit and attractions.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent value clean 	My husband and I found a deal through travelzoo.com and booked it to this hotel. The reviews seemed positive but I was worried about the quality for the price we were paying. Can I say we were more than pleased!! Our room was small but very modern, very clean, and super comfortable. The staff was amazing and the food and drink we had on site was delicious. We were in walking distance from all the main sites (we took the nearby subway to the WTC site) and were very happy we chose this hotel. I'd highly recommend.	
Jun 26 2009 	WOW What a hidden gem!	Hurry and get this hotel before everyone else finds out about it and the rates go up! What you get for the price is extraordinary. The staff is friendly and went out of their way to assist, the rooms are nicely appointed and very clean, and the service is good.Having been to NYC numerous times, we've never found a hotel deal like this. We will definitely be back to the Wyndham and have already told numerous friends about it!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Hotel	My sister and I traveled to NYC for 3 days. I found a great price on Priceline.com. I was very impressed when I entered the establishment. From the front desk employees to the person that checked our bags because we arrived earlier than scheduled, to the smiling greeter when we arrived, the customer service is outstanding. Although the rooms are very small (like most in NYC) they are very cozy and very clean. I consider myself a hotel snob when it comes to cleanliness, and I must say this hotel surpassed my expectations. Several free amenities (an umbrella-loaner during your stay, placed in the closet, newspaper and bottled water) were included. The bed was very comfortable. I would certainly stay there again.There is an in-house restaurant and nice patio area. The elevators are small and often took several minutes to arrive, but I had no problem with that. The hotel is in walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, Fashion area and the restaurants are plentiful.	
Jun 25 2009 	Do Not Stay at this Hotel Unless You.....	... WANT TO HAVE ONE OF THE MOST MEMORABLE EXPERIENCES OF YOUR LIFE!1) Please, do yourself a huge favor and read this review in its entirety. 2) I will be mentioning aspects of the hotel but truly, my intent for writing is to introduce you to, mention, and recognize very special &quot;Servant-Leaders&quot; of this ONE OF A KIND, DIAMOND of a hotel.Okay, I'll get what you want to know about out of the way, the hotel itself. In a sentence, get to this hotel; get to this hotel QUICK before the 'corporate suites' realize what they have and DOUBLE THE RIDICULOUSLY LOW RATES! ... I'm telling you, JUST DO IT!ROOMS: The 'regular' rooms (there is nothing 'regular' about them), are GREAT! Clean, new, modern. meticulous attention to detail, and much more. Now, if you can step-up for just a little extra, and get yourself a room on a Concierge Floor ... DO IT! ... The rooms are the same size as the so-called 'regular' rooms but my goodness, the AMENITIES are NON-STOP. In the interest of saving verbiage (most people do not like to read), and to get to what I really want to talk to you about, the STAFF, the final comment regarding the concierge-floor rooms is, YOU WILL NOT WANT FOR ANYTHING! AND YOU WILL NOT WANT TO LEAVE... Step-up and DO IT! They are a bargain!Now, for my true purpose, the STAFF!These folks, these special gifts to us from a Higher Power, are listed in no particular order, hierarchy or, level of importance. Each and everyone of them are special to my wife and I. And each and everyone of them we would be honored and proud to call &quot;FRIEND&quot;.To respect their right to privacy, I have omitted their last names.CATHY - Front Desk Commander in Chief. Oh my goodness! Where do I begin with the adjectives and comments for this beautiful lady, CATHY? ... Hmmm, how about 18-years of Hospitality Industry professional-experience! All spent with ONE employer. How about her PERSONAL SEARCH from July 2008 to November 2008 (when the hotel opened), in HANDPICKING each and everyone of her TEN Front Desk staff Team members! If their warm and friendly greeting and their infectious smiles don't fill, your heart with warmth ... GET YOURSELF SOME PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL AND PSYCHIATRIC HELP. You've been SOUR for far too long and are in dire need of detuning! Cathy found the time from her very busy schedule to chat with us. WHAT A LADY! Thank you CATHY. It's for you, your family, your employer, and the world that, we write this. A final comment, and Cathy, this comment is directed entirely toward you. In spite of the &quot;best-foot-forward&quot; and the little bit of &quot;fluff&quot; you shared with us, both Fida and I could see the pain and the Love in your eyes. THANK YOU CATHY. You are very special, INDEED! RUDINA - Front Desk Associate. You wanna hear special? I took my Fida (pronounced &quot;Feedah&quot;) for a long 3-day weekend in New York City to celebrate my wife’s birthday. We had arrived early and our room was not quite ready (which we expected to happen and fully understood). RUDINA overheard another staff member offer us to leave our luggage and for me to give them my cell-phone number so they could call us when the room was ready. During the course of our conversation, the other Associate learned that we were in NY to celebrate Fida's birthday. ... Here's what we discovered ... We get the call, we go back to the hotel at our leisure, and check in. Go up to our BEAUTIFUL room with a FANTASTIC view and what do we find? ... TWO BEAUTIFULLY BOXED, FRESH, DELICIOUS CUP CAKES, AND A BEAUTIFUL BIRTHDAY CARD FOR FIDA, SIGN BY EVERYONE ON DUTY THAT DAY, INCLUDING THE CHEF!!!!!! We don't know if this beautiful little girl or, another Associate that, I will write about further down, got permission to leave their post, go to a bakery to buy my wife this gift and card, and then, to have everyone sign it but, I know she was in on it. I’ll telling you folks, honestly, this beautiful, UNNECESSARY gesture, brought tears to both our eyes. ... Now please, don't go there, and tell these Front Desk Angels it's your birthday and expect these very special people to do this for you. There are thousands of you that will be reading this, and it could cost them their position. So please, be nice. THANK YOU RUDINA. YOU ARE VERY SPECIAL!LIZ - Head Bartender. Ask Liz to show you her hubby's 'six-pack'. She keeps it in her 3G phone so don't let her tell you she doesn't know what you're talking about. Have a cocktail at her bar and you won't have to go any place else. This DROP-DEAD GORGEOUS young woman OOZES HOSPITALITY. Be careful of two things if you have a drink at 'Liz's Bar' - 1) You'll be late for whatever other engagement you have. You won't want to leave her. 2) Don't tell her boss but LIZ can't measure! LIZ does not know the meaning of a one-ounce measurement. She's like the EverReady battery when mixing a cocktail ... the booze just keeps pouring and pouring! (LOL). In all seriousness (calm down bosses), LIZ is WONDERFUL! Her smile is contagious. Her drinks PERFECT! THANK YOU LIZ! WE APPRECIATE IT, AND WE APPRECIATE YOU!DANIEL - Food and Beverage Commander in Chief. A gentleman in every sense of the word. He looks elegant in his meticulous, professional appearance. A suit, shirt, and tie fit for a groom. His 'eye' is unobtrusively on EVERYTHING going on in 'his' restaurant. I even saw him stop on his way to talk to one of his staff, and align the breakfast cereal boxes. Now, THAT IS ATTENTION TO DETAIL! Thank you DANIEL. You are a credit to your chosen profession. And a credit to your employer. Tell your bosses to watch out. If I ever open a high-end restaurant, and you never know, Fida and I just might, we WILL steal you away to run 'your' restaurant with us not, for us. Professionalism like yours cannot be taught. It's in your heart. THANK YOU!VANESSA - Front Desk Associate. On my Gosh! ... Jaw dropping gorgeous! And a personality to match! VANESSA checked us in. It was an overcast morning in NY yet, VANESSA’S smile brought sunshine into the reception area. After a long trip, and hauling luggage, what a way to get welcomed. UNBELIEVABLE! THANK YOU VENESSA! THANK YOU! ... And I think she was the one that ran around for Fida. WOW!ERICK - Don't know what his title is. I find the label &quot;Bell Hop&quot; insulting and I will not call ERICK by that title. I'll say this about him. On his feet countless hours a day. Hauling luggage up and down all day long, and yet, always finds a way to hold a door for you, and greet you with a smile ... EVERY TIME! And one-liner jokes to brighten your day. THANK YOU ERICK. THANK YOU!STEPHANIE - Concierge. Meet STEPHANIE, spend time chatting with her, and I guarantee you will go to where ever she recommends. That's professional! To meet an expert with so much knowledge that, immediately you trust (and do) what they says. THANK YOU STEPHANIE.And lastly, the GENERAL MANAGER whose name I am intentionally withholding to protect his anonymity (So he can get his work done and not spend time on frivolous complaints). THIS GM HANDPICKED EACH AND EVERYONE OF HIS DEPARTMENT MANAGERS WHO, IN-TURN, HANDPICKED EACH AND EVERYONE OF THE STAFF TEAM MEMBERS. That is LEADERSHIP! Something that I thought we had lost in this country. LEADERSHIP! Without it, a company, any company is nothing! THANK YOU MR. GM. THANK YOU. WOW! WHAT A JOB YOU ARE DOING! AND WOW, WHAT A HOTEL!As I said in my intro, this review was more about giving the staff of the WINDHAM GARDEN HOTEL, the recognition they so richly deserve. Here's my bottom line: I would sleep in a cardboard box and be happy, as long as, this UNBELIEVABLE staff was there to provide me with the level of professionalism, service, and genuine caring I thought had been lost in this beautiful county of ours.THANK YOU ALL! If I have forgotten, any names PLEASE FORGIVE ME. It's just that there were just so many of you making us feel like family that, it was hard to remember all the names. I (we) will make it up to you the next time we visit. AND THERE WILL BE MANY MORE VISITS (God Willing). We have discovered ... THE HOTEL OF HOTELS!Antonio (Tony) Lopez	
Jun 18 2009 	Five star service and NY niceness	I stumbled into this hotel by accident, but I was more than pleasantly surprised. From the exceptional service extended by the manager to the bellman, the duvet bedding and allergy free room, gorgeous bathroom with yummy bath products, and my morning Starbucks latte in the lobby, what an absolute delight!! The hotel is vibrant, stylish, and caters to everyone, from the business traveler to the solo female traveler like myself. I'll definitely be staying there my next trip and have already recommended the hotel to friends &amp; family. It's a hidden little gem in the heart of NY, and there you'll find five star service and amenities for the fraction of the price!	
Jun 15 2009 	Chic and Cheap (Affordable)	I was traveling for both business and leisure. I had an exceptional experience at this hotel. From the time I arrived until my departure this hotel and the staff were great! As a woman traveling solo hotel choices must be carefully decided. The location is close to everything yet somewhat quiet at night but extremely safe. The hotel was chic and new with a great trendy vibe. The rooms are small but the space is well utilized; besides who stays in their room in NYC! They have a Starbuck's coffee in the lobby, a great conceirge and a good restaurant. The only watch outs are the noisy commerical trucks that came down the street early in the morning, but it wasn't anything too drastic. I highly recommend it and I will absolutely stay at this &quot;hidden gem&quot; again!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Stay...Will Definitely Be Back	Things happen for a reason...couldn't get a room at our usual hotels...decided on the Wyndham Garden. Wasn't sure what to expect. But...Check in was a breeze. Courteous staff. Nice room on the top floor. Extremely clean. Well-appointed. Extras I did not expect to see at the price, which was extremely reasonable. Think this will become my first choice when staying in NYC.	
Jun 15 2009 	Staying again next year despite two complaints	I stayed for six nights with my husband while he attended a trade show at Javits; his boss flew in and had his own room the last four nights. I chose the hotel for its proximity to Javits and their willingness to store and re-ship some trade show materials. Everything was perfect, excpet two items: the elevator lines can indeed be long, and the HVAC system has some issues--we were either freezing or burning up much of the time. In spite of those two things, the great staff and spotlessly clean rooms won us over and we are booking the same dates for next year's show.	
Jun 12 2009 	Warm Friendly Private Clean and all our wonderful!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Garden Hotel for 3 nights for our honeymoon and it was fantastic. We got a really good deal through Travelzoo which included complimentary breakfast. Our first day there, check in was a breeze. We received an upgrade for FREE and when we arrived in our room it was nice and clean. We were on the 22nd floor and it was nice and quiet. The bed was absolutely COMFY and the pillows were just perfect. We had one robe hanging from the door, would have liked two but didn't ask for another. Room service started pretty early in the morning so we ended up leaving the do not disturb sign hanging over night. Breakfast was pretty good. They had a buffet which had scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, tomatoes, home-fries, pancakes and waffles. They also had the continental breakfast which included bagels, muffins, cereal, fruit and yogurt. Because we had the continental breakfast tickets we were able to pay $11 for the buffet. It was worth it and the staff was really friendly. You have the option to either eat in the hall or outside. There's a gym in the basement which my husband and I went to twice while staying there. We loved it. They had two treadmills, two machines for your thighs, two benches and some weights. They also have clean towels and fresh water. Overall, this hotel was worth the money. If you're looking to save money and stay at a nice hotel, definitely give the WGH a shot. The area isn't the prettiest but you're in the heart of the city. There's a lot to do and you have access to lots of trains.	
Jun 11 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL	I would highly recommend this hotel. I stayed for 6 nights. Yes the rooms are small, get over it, its New York. Unless you are willing to pay a premuim for a room, that pretty much is the way it is in New York. I had no complaints. I had a room with a king size bed. If a comfortable bed is what you seek..then look no further. The beds are awesome, and believe me after a day in New York you want a good bed. The room stayed nice and cool. The water was always hot. The staff was great and most helpful. There is a restaurant that has pretty good food. My advice is skip having breakfast there and walk a few blocks and get more for your money. The Hotel has everything you need. A small gym, free internet.. if you don't bring your computer they have them to use. I got a great deal on Travelzoo..also heard Hotwire is a great site. Oh some people have said that the hotel is in a interesting location. Well yes it is but no worries. Only a few blocks and you are in the heart of things. I walked everywhere... walked to Time Square, took the subway everywhere. The elevators have been commented on here saying that they can be a problem at certain times of the day. In the 6 days I was there it was only a problem once. I was on the fifth floor so I took the stairs.. don't let that be an issue.. Good Luck and have fun in New York..	
Jun 11 2009 	Great hotel when traveling by train!	We loved this hotel! The staff went out of their way to be pleasant and welcoming, even when they were being slammed with a huge line. The free internet access was a great feature, as was the newspaper outside our door in the morning and the lovely outside patio garden. The fact that the hotel is only a couple blocks from Penn Station makes this high on our list of places to stay when we take the train into NYC. We're looking forward to returning!	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel. Highly Recommend	I have to disagree with the others who say this is in a bad location. It is situated in the Garment district and within walking distance of all the major sites. The hotel is very clean and looks like it was recently renovated. Room is small but very comfy and the bathroom is excellent! The staff is very nice and will do anything to accomodate your requests (within reason, of course). If I ever go back, I will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great clean place to stay with friendly staff	This hotel was better than the Hyatt I stayed at for three times the cost. The rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly. Yes the area isn't the best but the walk to Penn Station is only a few blocks on well traveled roads. I would stay here again in a heart beat. If you are looking for a nice clean hotel for a great price and friendly service I would highly recommend them.	
Jun 10 2009 	Best NYC Hotel Experience in 10 Years	My wife and I travel to NYC 2 or three times a year. Finding a good deal is always a challenge, but thanks to Travelzoo we found the Wyndham Garden. We got the room, breakfast and welcome cocktails for under $150 a night. The customer service is the best. Everyone went out of their way to accommodate us and treated us fantastically. For those who are saying the neighborhood isn't the best, don't worry. Be grateful it's not on Broadway where walking is no longer an option. There are 2 wonderful bars/restaurants less than 30 yards from the front door, not to mention the restaurant in the hotel. I can't recommend this Hotel enough. You will love it!	
Jun 8 2009 	Newly renovated hotel at great price for NYC	My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham on May 28th-May 31st [2009] for a four night stay to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. I called the hotel's 800 number and received a great rate--$149 a night, including a continental breakfast for two (or $7.99 up-charge for the full breakfast buffet) and complimentary cocktail drinks for two (at the first floor bar or at the10th floor terrace). The rooms were lovely--very comfortable (new) bed with lovely linens (yes, a girl thing); wonderful bathroom, in-room coffee and tea pot, bottled water, flat screen TV, and free wi-fi (so bring your laptop). Also, computers with Internet access are available for guests' use on the first floor behind the elevator, outside the restaurant. On the *con* side, the rooms are small, which is par for the course in NYC, and there are only two elevators. So if you're riding an elevator during peak check-in or -out times of day, I would recommend punching both the up and down button and getting on an elevator when there is room. It's easier to ride up and then back down, when space is available--than wait for an extended period for an elevator going down that has space. We enjoyed the hotel's breakfast. The continental breakfast included blueberry and bran muffins, fruit (apples and bananas), cereal, yogurt, and toast (white and wheat bread and bagels), along with coffee and fresh juice (orange and apple cider). For the $7.99 up-charge, you can *indulge* in a big breakfast, which included scrambled eggs (my husband said was really good), potatoes with red and green peppers and onions, pancakes or waffles, bacon and sausage, and grilled tomatoes. If you plan on a long day of touring NYC, I highly recommend splurging on their big breakfast--it's money well spent. I was surprised by some reviewers being critical of the hotel's location (36th street between 8th and 9th). We found this location to be convenient-- six blocks for the Port Authority (for access to affordable bus shuttles to the major airports). From this hotel, it's also an easy walk to the Theater District and Theater restaurants, as well as large selection of neighborhood restaurants along 9th Ave. (walking *up* 9th toward the theater district). This location worked perfectly for us, since we used the subway to traverse the length of Manhattan for our shopping excursion and buses for shorter trips.I heartily recommend this hotel. Frankly, the Wyndham is one of the nicest properties on Manhattan that we've stayed in--certainly for the price. A truly great deal.	
Jun 5 2009 	Good hotel - not so good location	We stayed here for 6 nights after getting a good rate on the internet. When we booked, the description said the hotel was in Chelsea - its not really. It is not really in any particular neighborhood. I totally agree with a previous reviewer who said that it was not a great place to walk around at night. This is true but the hotel facilities (free newspapers delivered and free internet in the lobby etc) and room makes up for this. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful with a quick check in. The rooms were really well equipped if a little on the small size. Good bathrooms, a proper hairdryer (not the pathetic wall mounted ones !) and nice toiletries. I think the hotel is good but the location just isn't that great.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Place Tough Location	Have stayed in New York for many many years. Tried this hotel because of the rate. The place was great, service wonderful and rooms typical New York City. Location not good at all,if you love to walk as my wife and I do, day time fine, night time tough. We enjoy local area places, and we like 9th street, north of 42nd, well 9th street from 38th to 42nd is not the best, behind the port authority. Again the place is great if you want to cab it at night.	
Jun 1 2009 	Cheap rates not worth the aggravation	The clerk that checked me in was on the phone the entire time, so I didn't receive an explanation as to how, where and when I could use the breakfast and drink vouchers I was given. The hotel's website says that room service is available until 11pm (I checked specifically because I was arriving later at night) and when I attempted to order at around 10pm I was told that the restaurant had just closed. No offer to see if anyone in the kitchen could whip something up for me, I was left to fend for myself in a very sparsely-populated neighborhood as far as after-hours restaurants go. The rooms are small but in good shape with plenty of workspace and a flat-screen TV, my only complaint about the room is that the bathroom sink is literally smaller than the sink in my wetbar at home, all the more annoying because there's plenty of vanity space for a larger sink. Restaurant service was friendly and efficient and the food pretty decent. They forgot one item on a room service order but quickly brought it up. Free WiFi throughout the hotel is a nice amenity that most other places charge for. The neighborhood doesn't have much to offer in the way of dining, shopping, etc. but I stay in the area often and have never been uncomfortable walking around after dark. Within 10-15 minutes one can walk to Korea town, Times Square and Chelsea. This hotel is manageable for business travel but is probably best suited for singles or couples already somewhat familiar with the area and looking for a clean and safe place to stay at a cheap rate.	
May 30 2009 	One week stay - Perfect spot for son's graduaion!	Excellent hotel. Perfect location, between Penn Central, Port Bus Terminal, &amp; Times Sq. - near 8th, 2 blocks from subway. Fantastic Thai Resturant (Royal Thai) across the street (better than what SF has!!) Walk everywhere; you are in the heart of the action without the crowds. Very small rooms, but squeaky clean and new - everything worked perfectly. Small elevators, a problem at 'rush hour'. Great, new king size bed, big plasma TV, superior air conditioning, well-appointed bathroom. Great soundproofing kept outside and inside noises out of our room. Very generous &amp; friendly staff. Will almost surly go back again when I visit NYC	
May 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel at Hidden Location	--Wonderful front desk staff!!!!--Good location in Midtown--Quiet area	
May 28 2009 	Great Value - Slow Elevators	I picked this location for a few reasons. It just opened in the last year, had good reviews, free wireless internet access, low rates, and was a short walk to Penn Station (LIRR trains). While there may not be much within a block of the hotel, there is plenty to see and do within a 5-10 minute walk including Times Square.Everything was going well until the last few minutes of my stay. I was leaving the hotel Friday morning to grab some food and catch a LIRR train as I had the previous 4 days. However, on Friday it took over 10 minutes for the elevator to show up on the 23rd floor and then another 10 minutes for it to stop at every floor on the way down to the lobby. I ended up missing my train and had to catch another train 30 minutes later. I never thought I would be complaining about an elevator in a review, but I guess I am. Just want to give everyone a heads up in case they have an important meeting.	
May 28 2009 	Perfect location for NYC	I stayed here with my boyfriend for one night in April and the service was superb. We arrived early and checked our bags and it was quick and efficient. Upon check-in, the concierge did not have our tickets for our complimentary breakfast and cocktails; however, they did everything to make sure we got it. That night we had a free wine tasting and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice. The room and bathroom are a bit tight (typical NYC), but the bed was super comfortable. The location is awesome! Very close to Times Square and several subways. Definitely recommend it!	
May 27 2009 	Good all-around hotel (for the right price) in midtown Manhattan	The Wyndham Garden TImes Square South (the hotel's 'official' name) was conveniently located a few blocks from Penn Station and close to a subway line. The neighborhood is a little down-and-out, but it's fine and very safe, even at night, though it does look a bit seedy in the light of night. The lobby was small and very utilitarian. Our room on the 6th floor did not have a street view (overlooked buildings behind us, and a small rooftop seating area below us) but it was relatively quiet for a city room. The windows actually opened--a rarity in hotel rooms these days. How nice! The room was small and the king-sized bed filled it--very little room to walk or move about. The bedding was high-quality and comfortable. The mounted flat screen TV was lovely. Wifi worked well. The bathroom was a decent size and well appointed, with a large walk-in shower and great water pressure. (heed the warnings in other reviews and use towels in front of the shower door). The A/C kept the room comfortably cool. All in all, a VERY good deal for $125/night for a holiday weekend on Priceline. The only thing that marred my visit was that the hotel actually charged $195 to the credit card we'd used as security upon check-in (the room was prepaid via my Priceline bid). We didn't notice it until after we'd left NYC. I called the hotel and they said that the $195 was charged WITH MY PERMISSION at check in, to ensure that no smoking would take place in the room (this was not true--I was never informed that a hold would be placed on my credit card). The desk said they'd refund the money but that it would take a few days to process! This was unacceptable. I felt duped and am still angry that they had the audacity to charge my credit card (not just place a hold on it). PLEASE do yourself a favor and confirm upon check-in that your credit card will not be charged.	
May 27 2009 	Trendy without the attitude	What a great hotel!Clean rooms with great flatscreen tv &amp; Super Comfy Beds! COOL roof-top bar with lots of potential to become a hot-spot. Hotel decor was new &amp; modern with great photographs of the city hung all around.Aside from the garden restaraunt (which we will definitely try next time)they serve Starbucks in the lobby with a delicious danish selection.Staff was friendly &amp; helpful. Valet parking too!Will definitely stay there again!	
May 26 2009 	A good deal for a cozy stay	We scored a great deal for this hotel on Priceline, especially given the memorial day weekend rates. Check in was a little hectic as we arrived early (like many others). The lobby area by the desk is very small, but they had free lemonade which was a nice gesture. We had to check our bags and come back and it was then that we noticed what other reviewers had mentioned....the elevators! Oh my word. I felt very sympathetic to the cleaners and bellhops that had to use them. The hotel has two elevators, but one seemed to be in constant use by the employee's so you can imagine the wait during busier coming and going times. We stayed on the 14th floor and chose to walk down a few times after waiting for the elevator. Not sure how or if they might remedy the situation.Our first reaction to the room was that it was very small, but after sitting down on the bed for a few minutes we felt kind of cozy. The layout has been planned very well, and the large windows definitely helped. We stayed a few floors above the terrace and we feared there would be noise, but we could not hear a single thing from the street at all! Not even a single siren or car horn.The complimentary high speed internet was reliable and extremely quick given that it was free. The bathroom was spacious, and had a fan though it got quite warm so we kept it open using the garbage can. Definitely fold a towel and place it by the shower door when in use (and turn the shower head towards the wall). Otherwise you will step into a nice big puddle when you exit the shower.A normal sized laptop will fit in the in-room safe, which was nice.The area is definitely not ritzy, and while some travelers looking for a nice polished neighborhood might be put off, we had no problems whatsoever (even at 2am). If you need a quick bite from a fast food chain, there are a number available 24/7. Penn station is a quick walk away, as is a Duane Reade. We had a very tasty meal at Thai Select around the corner on 9th street. All in all, I would stay here again. I could however understand how those paying higher rates might be put off with the smaller downsides (like the shower leaking and the elevator waits).	
May 24 2009 	Two days visiting New York	Great Hotel for 135.00 a night. Very modern lobby and decor. Helpful staff and friendly.Room is very small but very clean and efficient. The bed very comfortable and we had a great view. I have one complaint, the rooms have &quot;smart room &quot; features. There are two sensors in the room one in the bath controlling the bathroom light and fan and the other above the door controlling the main rooms a/c. We went to sleep cool and comfortable and awaken hot and sweaty. I noticed the a/c would cycle on and off, independently of the temp, after we went to bed and quit triggering the motion sensor. The sensor in the bathroom would leave in dark as soon as started to shower. We showered wth the shower door open and lined the floor with towels. Great Green ideas need a little tweaking. Overall would gladly stay again, if I could figure out how to trick that a/c sensor	
May 21 2009 	Great Location Amenities and Service	This hotel is in a great location a few blocks from Penn Station and Port Authority. A few more blocks to Javitz Center and Time Square. The lobby has a full bar, sitting area, and computers with a printer, as well as a restaurant (greenhouse style) and back patio with sitting and dining areas. There's also a decent workroom in the basement with dumb-bells, exercise and cardio machines. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The 10th floor terrace bar has amazing views, though it's not always open --- seems like they're working out the details on this new space. The compact rooms are well laid out with large bathroom, very comfortable bed, soundproof operable windows, large flatscreen TV, and free wi-fi. Though small, there is a closet, small dresser, desk and bedside tables with reading lamps. And the building is almost brand new. And the restaurant serves organic food, and a healthy continental or buffet breakfast.	
May 21 2009 	Nice Newer Hotel in an industrial side street near convention center	chose this hotel due to it's age and its proximity to the convention center. Its about a 10 minute walk which is convenient. We were there for 3 nights for business and it served its purpose. We stayed at the Millenium for two nights before the convention and the rooms were much bigger but wanted the convenience of walking to the convention center. The plussess:-closest to convention center-new and modern-good lcd tv-very close to train station-good shower and bed-free internet/wi fi in room and free internet and printers in lobby (Hate hotels that charge)- nice deli coffee shop in lobby only charged $.54 for hot tea WOW- good Thai restaurants right on 9th just make a right turn very modern- can walk it to the theatre district and times square probably faster than subway - good internet rate of $149 from trazel zoo inc breakfast Cons- Room is tiny for myself and my wife with two pieces of luggage it was cramped- only two tiny elevators and is crowded in mornings- location - 36th street is fine during the day but would not want my wife to walk it late at night by herself- we had a room on 16th floor facing across another building that hosted parties so it was quite noisy one night	
May 20 2009 	Disappointing hotel with TERRIBLE service!	Where should I start? We booked this hotel for 7 days after reading all the positive reviews on here, and were expecting to stay at a clean, modest hotel with friendly staff. We got the cleanliness, but the staff at the hotel ruined the entire experience for us. Maybe its the whole New York attitude thing, but we found the staff to be downright rude, unhelpful, and uncomfortable to deal with.We were made to move rooms in the middle of the night on the 3rd night of our stay due to a malfunctioning door -- no help from the hotel staff at all though even after multiple requests, and no apology either, except for a generic apology card from the housekeeper of all people. It took us 2 hours to gather all our belongings, grab a luggage trolley from the concierge ourselves, and make multiple trips up and down the elevators (which are slow!) to make the change...all this madness starting at midnight!Our stay was capped off with a concierge who refused to flag down a taxi for us (&quot;its not my job&quot;, hotel front desk who also refused (&quot;its the doorman's job&quot;), and a hotel doorman who I saw leaving his post and disappear as he saw us approaching... All in all, this hotel has a laughable excuse for a staff and service levels, and would strongly suggest any future travelers to avoid this one. There are plenty of other hotels to choose from...	
May 19 2009 	Was surprised and not what I expected	After reading the reviews on the hotel I decided to try it out. I am a frequent traveler to NYC for business and am familiar with small hotel rooms and such. So the reviews weren't a big deal because all hotel reviews in NYC say the rooms are too small. I read a few of the remarks about the location but figured they hadn't ever been to a big city and it couldn't be that bad, could it? But to my surprise the hotel was located on such a lonely street and it was a very uneasy walk back to the hotel after my train. There was hardly anybody out and there wasn't a single shop or deli on the block. As a female traveler, I was not happy at all with the location and will not go back, especially alone. In addition to the alley-feeling location, the staff seemed rather rude and were not helpful. I felt as if I were bothering them and it was uncomfortable. I come to NYC often and will not be going back to this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	TOP NOTCH.......	Stayed in hotel for 3 nights......very clean, staff over the top to help. Food was great and the location was excellent. Fourth trip to NYC and definately the best value. Nice and quiet, bed was so comfortable and compared to some of the other hotels was very comfortable for two. We booked baseball tickets throught the consiere and was really pleased we did. So convenient and helpful. Would definately recommend .... very happy.	
May 15 2009 	Modern hotel in central location - Good value @$150 per night	Booked through Travelzoo, this was a good value offer, being central for sightseeing and near to W34th Street Penn station subway. Having travelled from England we were slightly unsure of what to expect, but were very happy with what we found. Room was clean but hardly spacious! Two small elevators served 25 floors and as a result could be very slow to arrive. The cooked breakfast not good value as was &quot;stewed&quot; from sitting under covers too long. We ate out for evening meals. Staff were friendly and helpful. Would recommend this for a weekend stay (such as our own) for out of towners. Wonderful weather also helps!	
May 11 2009 	Competent Compact Close to Penn Station	A bit sterile, and the rooms are small. But the Wyndham Garden is a pleasant, competently-run place, and its location near Penn Station makes it an ideal place for weekend travellers coming in by Amtrak--or for those flying in through Newark Airport. There are some good restaurants in the neighborhood (try the Korean places on 32nd street) and it's got decent access to the subway. You could do a lot worse...	
May 11 2009 	Awesome trip~ Great Hotel	We stayed at the Wyndham April 15-17th 2009 for a long weekend of site seeing in NYC. The hotel was great, I had read mixed reviews on this site. The street the hotel is on has a lot of old buildings but the hotel is practically brand new, so not to worry! It is in a great location, easy to get to everything around the city. Their is a starbucks in the lobby, and bath and bodyworks ammenities in the rooms. The rooms are small but very nice, clean and comfortable after a big day of walking in the city. We loved it, and would stay there again anytime we are planning a trip to the NYC. We found the hotel when booking our trip on Orbitz.	
May 10 2009 	Good deal	I recently stayed 2 nights at Wyndham Garden Hotel during a world tour trip.I got a deal at 120 USD + tax from Hotwire, which was pretty good compared to usual NYC prices.The environmentThough the 36th street is not the most exciting street of Manhattan, it is very convenient, a few blocks from Times Square, Macy's, and other West Midtown locations.The lobby / staffThe lobby is reduced to the mininum (but after all, you don't sleep in the lobby!). There is a &quot;starbuck style&quot; coffee in the lobby.The staff, though a bit understaffed while checking-in, was very friendly and efficient.The roomThe room was located on the 21st floor, with impressive bow-windows offering a nice typical view of Manhattan buildings.Although the room itself was tiny (even for NYC standard), it was very cosy, providing a very confortable bed and many pillows.Traveling alone for 2 nights, the size of the room was OK for me, but you will maybe feel uncomfortable if you plan to stay 1 full week of shopping with your partner...It featured all you can expect: a large LCD screen, coffee maker, safe, iron and free Internet access (by the way, no mini-bar).The bathroom was rather large (compared to the room), and featured a very pleasant walk-in shower.I don't know if this hotel is new or if it has been recently refurbished, but was generally very modern.I did not use the other facilities (fitness / restaurant / business center, etc.)As a conclusion, I felt this stay was quite remarkable, and I would probably come back if I can catch a good rate (if I had to pay full fare, I would maybe choose a place more &quot;funky&quot;).	
May 7 2009 	Perfectly lovely hotel in the middle of the City	Stayed here May 2 - 5 for business and pleasure. Got the room through Priceline for just $110 a night. Although the street is not exactly pretty, it is an easy walk to Times Square, theater, restaurants, transportation hubs, etc. The hotel itself is very nice and still new-looking. The rooms are very small, but this is New York City! Although small, the room was pristine, with a very comfy bed, a big flat screen TV and a very sharp looking bathroom. My room faced out onto 36th Street and I could see across to the river and beyond from the 21st floor. The few times I needed anything the staff were extremely helpful and very pleasant.I highly recommend this hotel for individuals and couples for business or a weekend retreat.	
May 6 2009 	Good hotel average neighborhood	Rooms very nice and clean, good sized bed with good tv. Room kind of small but fine for a weekend trip. Theatre District and not much else in the area, but close to metro and Penn Station. Btw Thai restaurant on 37th street was excellent!	
May 4 2009 	Moderately good hotel in depressing location	After staying a couple of nights at the hotel in April I have to disagree with some of the previous raving reviews and give a mix one.Rooms are quite new, clean and well equipped but are so small that you have to climb over the bed (or move it to pass) to get to the other side. Hallways are quite claustrophobic too and with no ventilation so we felt suffocated at times while waiting for the elevators.While some of the staff were quite attentive, others were rather unfriendly, specially the younger morning receptionist, who did not make us feel welcomed at all.As mentioned by other reviewers the hotel is reasonably close to Times Square and other attractions but unfortunately the area is full of cheap wholesale stores and unattractive buildings and quite depressing to return to after visiting other areas of the city. I would only recommend this hotel if you get a great internet deal (as I did) and need to be very close either to Penn Station or the Convention Center.	
May 1 2009 	The Wonderful Wyndham hotel	We stayed at the Wyndham Garden Hotel for 5 days. We were looking for a clean modern hotel at a good price and this met our criteria. Our room was a good size with a walk in shower and “Bath and Body Works” products. Facilities include 32” flat screen TV, coffee machine, air conditioning, humidifier, hairdryer, iron, safe and ice machine in the hall on every second floor.The room had a street view which was fine given we were out most of the time and noise levels outside were more than bearable at night.For those who have a continental breakfast included in the price, this only includes two items from a selection of fruit, cereal, bread (which can be toasted), bagels or muffins. The hot breakfast is not included but you can upgrade to the whole selection (eat as much as you want plus doggie bags if need be) for $7.99 – well worth it if you can afford it.Staff were helpful and friendly. Concierge - a useful source of information and happy to help with most queries.The hotel is a short walk to Penn Station (absolutely fine if walking with suitcases) and slightly further for Times Square.Negatives – just a few.... Restaurant staff were very busy early morning. There are only two lifts/elevators which are, again, very busy in the morning, best to take the stairs to save waiting. Things free up around 10.30 – 11.00am. Finally, the hotel will hold the full cost of your stay against the credit card from the point that this is handed over at check in, as opposed to just a deposit; worth bearing in mind if you are planning on using your card for shopping, activities etc. The final amount will be confirmed and actually taken off your account at check out.	
Apr 29 2009 	nice hotel small room	we have been there for 3 nights . the hotel is new . The room was clean and very nice but very small for 2 people.even for NYC hotels ( we stayed in other hotel during this trip)The elevator was very bussy for specialey during morning.The location is good close to penn staion medison squar garden but not so nice to walk there at night.	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice clean hotel in midtown Manhattan	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, won via Priceline for a great rate. The hotel is fairly new and very clean which is the most important thing to me. They offered free wireless internet in room which I appreciate. I was able to check in at noon instead of waiting until the 3:00 pm check in which was great. My room was fairly small but this is common for New York City. It is a short walk to the subway and Penn Station.The only negatives to this hotel were:1. slow elevators at times- up to 15 min. wait, 2. the street it is on is not attractive.I would stay here again if I got a good rate.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice hotel and good location	This hotel is great, it is within walking distance of most main atractions. Very close to the penn metro station and nice rooms. We choose the room with the bigger bed and no view which was fine. Our friends went for the small bed with the view and to tell you the truth is was that good of a view although you are higher up. There is free wifi thoughout the whole of the hotel and computers downstairs you can use free of charge. I have two complaints about this hotel. In our room the shower leaked baddly and water went all over the bathroom floor. It is a brand new shower, the plastic at the bottom is too short and doesn´t stop the water from spilling out. Another pet peve was we had breakfast included in our room price, but when we got downstairs we were told we were not allowed the hot breakfast we were allowed two peices of the continetial breakfast and a hot or cold drink. I felt very ripped off as I ate my one peice of toast and banana and cup of tea. We were told we could upgrade for 7.95 but that is not the point. When you are told you get breakfast it should include all the breakfast, otherwise you might as well go somewhere else... which I think they are counting on you doing. One last thing to mention, no a biggie but it can get anoying. They have only two lifts and no service lift so if you are in a hurry use the stairs. It can be a long and frustating wait in the morning. But it is a nice hotel, good rooms,good internet and a great location. Even with the pet pevses, I would stay here again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Spotless well designed and brand new	I admit I have a bit of problem when it comes to hotels. I want polished and pristine. It doesn't have to be fancy but it has to spotless and not worn. That is why I gravitate towards brand new hotels. This hotel was exactly that - spotless and more. My room was beautifully designed with clear modern lines, but warm and cozy. The room was small but it it didn't matter as it felt light and spacious due to the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom, however was spacious. I received a great promotional rate, but it was for a double bed which since I was on my own was fine. For two people it would be cozy but ths is New York afterall space is at a premium. I would rather have a small well designed pristine room that a dark, large badly decorated one. The staff was very helpful and gracious an there is a beautiful flower garden in the back. I gave it a low score for location but only if you're not looking to be in the convention center area. It's in the &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot; area of NYC which is not a very charming place to walk around especially at night. One would have to travel to get to what I consider the great neighborhoods of New York - Soho, W. Village, Gramercy, Upper West and East Side. It is however a good location for Macy's and for fabric shopping.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Hotel for the Money. Great Location.	This was a bargain! It's a nice hotel in a great area. It's clean, staff is friendly, and rooms are comfortable. The rooms are small, but no smaller than is to be expected in Manhattan.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great place to stay clean and affordable for NYC!	I just returned from a long weekend of fun with friends in NYC. First time to stay at this hotel and was very pleased. It's a small hotel but efficient and offers everything you need. I was surprised at the small room for a brief moment, but instantly relaxed when I saw how clean, well-decorated, and comfortable the room was. The bed is comfy, good lighting, and I like the ability to control the room temperature. The hotel has a bar for coffee or cocktails, as well as a restaurant. Room service was excellent. A small market is two doors down for tylenol, newspapers etc. Many restaurants and shopping within walking distance. Busy traffic area but I noticed no noise in my room at night.	
Apr 14 2009 	Clean quaint mid-town hotel	I stayed at the Wyndham Garden because I needed to be close to the Convention Center. The hotel's excellent location was within a few easy blocks walk of the CC, Madison Square Garden, Macy's, the Empire State Building and other NYC attractions. Upon arrival, the elevator was being serviced, so I was offered a complimentary drink in the cute bar area while I waited. Check in was smooth and the folks at the front desk were friendly and accomodating.The room itself was a typical smallish NY room, but the bath was generous and well appointed. The hotel seemed to be recently renovated - not sure about this - but everything was clean, modern and luxurious. The bedding was very comfortable, the TV a flat panel, adequate space for luggage. The restaurant featured an indoor garden setting and the menu offered tapas-style meals, salads, entrees and sandwiches. There was also breakfast available.The rate was very reasonable, especially if booked through a &quot;third party.&quot; In short, this hotel is a great option for business or leisure travelers looking for a nice midtown location and fresh, clean decor.	
Apr 13 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	I recently stayed at this hotel overnight as I met some people in the city, knew I would be out late and didn't want to drive home with liquor in me. I booked thru Priceline and therefore only paid $100 including tax. While the location is not great as there are not restaurants worth eating at or anything to see or do it is a great hotel is you only need a bed to sleep in. The hotel has just opened and it is spotlessly clean. The front desk staff was very friendly and welcoming. The room, while very small, was well appointed. Very chic furnishings, comfortable bed and a clean, modern bath. I'd stay there again.	
Apr 12 2009	Loved the new Wyndham Garden and its restaurant- Greenhouse 36!	My stay at the new Wyndham was fabulous! I loved the rooms and the overall feel of the hotel. It is a brand new space with an ideal location, central to everything, especially if you're visiting NY.Besides the modern decor, great NY vibe and inviting staff, I also LOVED Greenhouse 36, the hotel's newly opened restaurant. It is so nice to actually have good food located in your hotel!, not to mention the great talent they have singing there a couple nights a week. It is a nice touch to the hotel...you can even hear the music if you're in the lobby, at the bar or using the hotel's convenient lobby computers. Live music is always an added bonus for me. The hotel is definitely worth checking out ...even just for the restaurant and music itself if you're in the area!	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Choice!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for two nights at the end of March. I had other hotels booked, but we got a great deal on Travelzoo so we choose this place. We were more than pleased with our king sized bedroom and the spacious bathroom. The breakfast buffet was very good with plenty of choices. It was also nice to see all the spring flowers in bloom in the greenhouse area of the restaurant. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and we especially enjoyed talking to Massy. We are looking forward to our next trip to NYC so we can stay at this lovely new hotel again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Perfect place to stay if you're going to MSG	I booked two rooms for four nights at the hotel through Priceline at an awesome price. We were attending three Rangers games and wanted to stay close to MSG without breaking the bank. The hotel was squeaky-clean, with great brand new amenities and free wi-fi. The rooms are small, but that's fairly common in NYC. The restaurant was good (and had vegan/vegetarian options) but a little slow. They had soy milk for my coffee though - so yeay!Service was outstanding. The bell captain ran down the road to get us a cab on a freezing evening, check-in/check out was pleasant (no Priceline snarks), and everyone on the staff we encountered had a smile/friendly greeting.The only downside was that on our first night there was a rave of some sort a few floors down in the building across the alley (and we were on the 23 floor i think). It was loud, but only happened the one night. Overall the road it is on was pretty quiet. One other small nit pick - the TV didn't get the MSG channel, darn it.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great value but staff is not very sympathetic with complaints	Cllean, affordable, and the location of the hotel was great. Closer to 9th Ave. which can be a sketchy place for 1st time NYC visitors. Valet parking is HORRIBLE. Apparently the hotel rents out the garage/valet next door and shares the staff with a neighboring hotel. It took almost 45 minutes to get my car (and I called ahead 15 min, so thats a total of 1 hour). When I casually asked the concierge what the problem was, he got very defensive, unpleasant, frustrated and defensive. I casually told the concierge that everything at the hotel was great but the poor service from the Valet company looks badly upon the staff at the Wyndham and he should consider talking to management about the problem.He turned around and said &quot;Someone before you just yelled at me about the same thing&quot; and &quot;people don't seem to understand that they need to call down ahead of time for their car&quot;He got defensive and obviously had no idea what I was trying to say and that I wasn't insulting the hotel itself. All I saw was rolling eyes from the front desk, concierge, and bell desk.	
Mar 30 2009 	Terrific new hotel	Just spent a weekend here. New hotel. Very clean. Bathrooms are beautiful. Staff very helpful if still trying to figure everything out. Check out if there are any deals ..we had continental breakfast and 2 free drinks at the bar. Great deal .2 stores down is an improve theatre that is GREAT. Teenage friendly but edgy. Can't beat the price and the location	
Mar 28 2009 	NYC's Best Kept Secret	This hotel just opened in November so it is brand spanking new, clean and extremely afforable. I was thrilled to get a AAA rate at $158; another guest we spoke to got a rate of $119. The location is central, near Penn Station, there is a nice restaurant and bar in the hotel and the staff was unusually cheery and helpful. We booked a room super last minute and it was the best decision. The rooms are small but very comfortable, and again CLEAN and NEW. Another plus: the windows secure very tightly so even a major construction project across the street didnt bother me at all. Thoroughly recommend (I am NOT a shill for Wyndham)	
Mar 28 2009	Good location for the price but not the custom service	Stayed in NYC for a week, the reason we stayed here cuz I bet a decent hotel price online, I paid only half of the regular stay per night. The hotel doesn't match the neighbourhood building, it just look so strange. Rooms are VERY SMALL for 2 people (we are not big person), no space for luggages and shopping bags. My main concern is the shower door NEVER closed properly, so when we took a shower, the water just leaking out to the bathroom everywhere. We ended up cleaning the floor for 3 days. call the front desk and asked maintaining staff to come fix, asked 3 times, no action taken. Finally, they asked to change to another room, but same problem. I think that this is not just only one room, probably most of the shower door in the bathroom has the same problem. Overall, NYC is too crowd, only good for shopping, not for living.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Experience	This hotel is new and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Our room was small with a queen size bed. The bedding was very comfortable. Bathroom is quite nice. Loved the shower! My only complaint would be the size of the room. If I return I would get a king so we'd have more space. Location was just a few blocks from Times Square area. We felt very safe and comfortable. We would stay here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very good value in NYC	Hotel is a brand new facility. Comfortable and clean, and my rate was great. They include wifi, a must these days. Two full sized beds crowded the room a bit. Decent gym.	
Mar 23 2009 	nice affordable hotel	This is a new hotel (open for only about 6 months) and is very cozy and affordable. We stayed here for under $200 a night and we found it to be a good value. this hotel is about a block away from penn station which is very convenient if you are commuting via train and the empire state building and madison square garden is right there as well. the hotel rooms are kinda small but are clean and have nice tv's and bathrooms. the only complaint is that the elevators take forever! there are only two elevators in the entire hotel which both guests and hotel employees both use. overall, it was a good experience for a good price.	
Mar 20 2009 	Finally a home away from home in NYC!	I was in town for a presentation in Midtown on the weekend of March 13th and My employer booked my stay at the new Wyndham Garden Hotel on 36th Street. I have stayed at other Midtwon area hotels and this was NOT what I expected. I had honestly thought that my Boss was complementing me by having me stay at this BEAUTIFUL hotel. I was greeted at the door as if I had been there several times, was checked in rapidly and then pleasantly surprised by the overall decor of the room itself. The bed drew me in and I was comfortable and well rested for my presentation that evening. Wydham's Staff is Top Notch as my needs were catered to greatly. Whether you're in town for business or leisure, I highly recommend this hotel and have already asked my employer to use The Midtown Wyndham for all of our future stays.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice hotel good value small rooms!	Our family booked 2 rooms and stayed for 3 nights. The staff are great, the hotel is very clean and new - opened in 11/08. Only complaint would be the room size - small, even by NYC standards. The rooms can handle 2 people, barely....don't even think about adding a third! Computers available in the lounge area, nice restautant. Great location if you are attending an event at Madison Square Garden. Also close to Macy's and the Empire State Building.	
Mar 12 2009 	Fantastic Value	Wow, how could you not stay over, for $119 without tax we got 2 cocktail coupons and continental breakfast. Everyone was very friendly and it was extremely convenient. The room was small, but that's to be expected, it was well outfitted, had a great clean streamlined bath. The restaurant was tasteful and bright. I'd highly recommend and go back myself.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great room good price- will stay again.	Extended family stayed in 3 rooms on the 24th floor this past week- very clean, comfortable beds, great baths (though the glass shower doors leaked if not closed properly- a problem our 20-something girls had). Easy walk or cab to shopping, nightlife, restaurants, tourist attractions- and the staff was good. Call if you're headed there last minute- we got one rate from Travelzoo that was pretty good, but an even better rate last minute from Wyndham.	
Mar 7 2009 	Hidden Gem - Excellent Value for NYC	Stayed at the Wyndham during the International FoodService and Restuarnt show. I was a little leary of staying near the convention center, as the area isn't the greastest but this hotel is a hidden gem and a great value for NYC. The hotel is fairly new and is very clean. My king room was small and typical for NYC, but very comfortable. A great bathroom that uses its space well and was very clean A flatscreen TV on the wall frees up a lot of room space, but there isn't a lot of room to sit between the desk and the bed. Enough to work, but not much for relaxing. I didn't spend a lot of time in the room, as afterall it is New York. The hotel is convienent to the sights and many fine resturants. The Skyline diner (breakfast) , Uncle Jack's steakhouse (dinner ) and the Tick Tock Diner (24x7) are close by and very good places to grab a bite. Penn Station, Time Square, Madison Square Gardern and the Empire State Building (and the Javits Center) are easy walks. The Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the bar has a good happy hour and a full food menu. The computers in the bar area are great for checking emails while eating or making flight reservations. The street the hotel is on, isn't pretty, but I never felt unsafe walking around the hotel at night. I would not hesitate to stay at the Wyndham Garden again.	
Mar 3 2009 	great clean 	my boyfriend and i stayed here this past weekend for a 1 night romantic little getaway. the room was so clean &amp; inviting when we got there, maybe a little small, but we were on the 25th floor so the views were amazing. we ate &amp; drank at the bar downstairs, service was super friendly, food was good...drinks were a little pricey but thats kind of expected. only downside is they claimed to have soda &amp; snack vending machines &amp; when i went looking for them couldn't find them. so i went to the front desk &amp; they told me they haven't arrived yet &amp; gave me some snacks &amp; a bottle of water on them, which was obviously very nice, so they made up for the false advertising on the snacks ;) everything was great, would definitely stay there again! highly recommended!	
Mar 2 2009 	Brand new - excellent service - very near Amtrak/Penn Station	We were very pleased with this hotel. The hotel is only 2-3 months old so the hotel is immaculate. Bedding was excellent. The room was small but most in New York are. Very nice sized shower with an excellent ventilation system, the bathroom mirror never fogged although we took very hot showers. The location is great for those traveling by Amtrak. Excellent food choices nearby on 9th Avenue (definitely go to Don Giovanni's on W 44th near 9th Ave.) We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Diamond in the Rough!!	This hotel is brand new (we were told it was about three months old) and is absolutely gorgeous, though small; but, hey, this IS Midtown Manhattan after all...everything is small!! :) The surrounding area is a bit rough, but don't be fooled. This one is a gem. The rooms are very nicely decorated, with a multitude of pillows on very fine beds. The bathroom is nicely done in tile all the way around. The shower is surprisingly large for such small rooms.I recommend this hotel very highly; as a matter of fact, a friend living in the area commented as well on how very nice it is.	
Feb 22 2009 	This place is a gem in NYC for real	I stayed here when my mom came to the city to visit -- we stayed two nights. The room are small but so clean and the bed and linens were awesome, made me want to snuggle in for more days! The staff were all so friendly and welcoming and that made up for quite a few snafus--the hotel has only been open 3 months and I think they are still working out the kinks. I got an amazing deal through travel zoo--129 a night plus a 20 dollar coupon that I put towards food. And here I have to say---- the restaurant is sooo good--hats off to the chef. I wish we had eaten all our meals here, the tapas was mouthwatering and the breakfasts perfect. Since it is new everything is really clean and the lobby is very nice to chill out in--they have computers in booths colorful couches and chairs --just really nice compared to other places I have stayed in the city.	
Feb 22 2009 	Enjoyed our stay! Would come back again.	My fiance and I stayed in this hotel for one night and were pleased with the cleanliness, decor, and service. Our room was on the 12th floor. We did not experience long elevator waits. The room was the perfect size for 2 people- decent bathroom (great water pressure and lighting!) comfortable bedding, and relaxing palate of colors. Internet worked fast and was easy to establish. Convenient location- we walked to most of our destinations but the subway was only 4 blocks away. An easy walk from Grand Central too. We did not eat @ the restaurant but the tapas menu looked delicious. I had a great night of sleep and would come back next time I am in the city.	
Feb 20 2009 	Great Price. Great Location	This was a quick romantic getaway weekend. The room is a little small, but they make up for it with the bedding and flat screen. I can't imagine that other rooms in NY are much bigger, especially for the value. The bar and relax area are nice. We didn't eat at the hotel, it was just a place to crash after a long day of sight seeing. The internet was down during the weekend, which was a major bummer. We spoke to the Manager and she took a little off the bill for the inconvenience. My advice is always ask to speak to the manager if you have a problem somewhere (Restaurant, Hotel, wherever). Would definitely stay here again if the price was the same.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Location for new hotel	Stayed at the Wyndham over Valentine's weekend. Check-in was quick and the staff were extremely nice. We had a great rate (found on travelzoo.com) which included a $20 voucher for their restaurant. The room is small but as many people have posted, it's New York. It's well decorated, clean, and the bathroom was a nice size as well. We went for a concert at Madison Square Garden and it took about five minutes to walk there, perfect! We also had dinner at the restaurant and we both agreed the food was great for the price. I would def. stay there again!	
Feb 19 2009 	Great little hotel...friendly service nice beds good location.	My husband and I brought our two children, ages ten and twelve, for a few days of fun in NYC. When we arrived at the hotel it seemed to be quite a bit smaller than we had imagined it to be from the pictures. Very nice contemporary decor. Great booths with flat screen computers and internet access as well as a counter that serves Starbucks coffee (and hot tea for 50 cents). Restaurant was lovely, but very overpriced, so we never tried it. Rooms were SMALL. However, since this is typical of NYC hotel rooms, we adjusted. Two of us stored all of our things in the drawers and cabinetry and stored our luggage over the closet area which gave us a lot more space. This hotel would NOT be suitable for infants or toddlers. I can't imagine finding the space for a crib. Beds are great with down comforters and pillows. Awesome walk in shower with plenty of hot water and Bath and Body Works toiletries. Loved the contemporary look of the sink, but didn't have the greatest function due to its design. All in all, the hotel facilities really were great and we had very little to complain about. The elevators were only slow during the busiest times (mainly in the morning), which is the case in many hotels. Most of the time, we had very little issues with the elevator being slow. We were on vacation, so to wait a few minutes during the busy times was really not a big deal. Our room on the 20th floor was extremely quiet. We never heard noise of any kind. I would definitely recommend staying in an upper level floor to avoid any street noise. We were thrilled to find an excellent little cafe called Amici on the corner of 8th and 36th (just steps from the hotel). Fantastic food at amazingly reasonable prices. The breakfasts are great! I had an egg/cheese sandwich on a freshly made croissant for $2.95. My husband had a fabulous California omelet served with potatoes and toast for under $5. It is deli/cafeteria style and made fresh on the grill while you wait. All of the breads and bagels are made fresh at the cafe. Fresh fruit and great looking hot bar/salad bar. We found this little gem the last day of our vacation and wished we had known about it earlier. If so, we would have had breakfast there daily. As far as the location of the hotel...about a fifteen minute walk to Times Square for us. The area was not necessarily the loveliest. If you are looking for an upscale area to stay, this would not be it. However, I really didn't feel like our safety was ever an issue at all. And it was actually nice staying a little bit off the beaten path away from the noise of Times Square. Would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 18 2009 	Will definitely stay here again.	I stayed here because I was going to auditions 2 days in a row at Ripley Grier studios and this was the closest hotel to the studios. I got into the city at 8:20am and walked from Penn Station to the hotel (an easy walk) hoping they'd let me let my bags there while I was at my 9am audition. They did better! They let me check into my room right then! This was extremely helpful as I was able to finish getting ready, warm-up, and relax for a second before walking to my audition. Speaking of which, Ripley Grier is about a block away, so I really couldn't have been closer. The next morning's audition was very early so it was so helpful to have a Starbucks in the lobby. I went down in my PJs to get coffee and food and then back upstairs to finish getting ready. The hotel itself is very nice. My bed was sooo comfortable, the bathroom was very nice, the exercise room, too, was quite to my liking. I'll definitely stay here again the next time I'm in NY!	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent service nice room great restaurant and really nice to my dog entered in Westminster.	I stayed at the Wyndham Garden Midtown Convention Center, as did several friends, for the 2009 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. The service was wonderful from the moment I pulled up at the door. Parking was extremely convenient, and the room was great. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the restaurant fabulous at both breakfast and dinner... The most important thing to me was the warm welcome given to my Labrador Retriever, &quot;Recon&quot;. We had a great time and were thrilled to find a STARBUCKS right in the lobby! Recon and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, either two footed or four footed!	
Feb 18 2009 	New nice in New York City	Received Wydham email with January special in NYC, decided to try it. Was leery about other hotels, signing up for 2 double beds and then showing up and getting switched to one and a rollaway (brought grown daughter with us). Not only did we get 2 nice beds, but a Travelzoo deal of free drinks/food coupon not promised to us, as well as a tray of fruit, flowers, candy and a bottle of good wine upon arrival in the room. Hotel is new, great and NY reasonable prices, wireless internet, and close to Times Square. Staff is obviously trying hard and are great, nice neighborhood too.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Hotel With Painfully Slow Elevators	We stayed at the Wyndham for two nights over Valentine’s Day weekend on a $129/night rate we found on travelzoo. For the rate we paid we feel like we got a great value. The good: The hotel opened in last few months and it still shines. We had a standard room on the 12th floor. I would guess that the room was approximately 15'x15' = 225sq feet (incld bathroom). However, the room was very well designed and functional. The king bed was heavenly. The flat screen TV with HD was great. The bathroom was sparkling and the shower was one of the best hotel showers I’ve experienced. The free Wi-Fi was out of service one day but worked like a charm the second day. The bad: On Saturday night we noticed there was a music hall or dance club located in the building directly across from our room. The music went all night but we were able to drown it out with the heater fan. Two elevators service the 26-floor hotel. This equates to some very long and annoying waits for the elevator to pickup. A few times we just walked down the 12 flights instead of waiting. A maid told us one morning that she waited 45 minutes to get her cart into an elevator so she could start her rounds. I'm not sure what the hotel could do differently, but people should be aware that this is a problem.Location/parking: Approximately 10 minute walk to Time Sq. 20 min to Central Park. Parking was $40/day in the garage across the street. Street parking is limited to 4-6 hours at a time. Eating/drinking: We didn't eat in the restaurant and we rarely saw anyone eating there. We had a drink at the bar and enjoyed it. We enjoyed this hotel and would definitely consider staying again.	
Feb 13 2009 	Perfect	The hotel was clean, the staff was polite and helpful and the price was amazing...for New York City you can't beat this hotel	
Feb 13 2009 	In LOVE with the Wyndham Garden Midtown!!	From the moment we checked in until the minute we checked out the service was 5 star!!! We were treated to a glass of wine as we got in and organized and then helped up to our room.The room was clean and new and lovely.....the bed soooo confortable!!The Greenhouse restaurant is the best kept secret!! I highly recommend the scallops and the NY Steak for dinner. And breakfast was also superb. If you're in town but not staying.....try the Greenhouse anyway!!Another big PLUS....STARBUCKS in the lobby!! I loved every second at the hotel...it was close to Madison Sq Garden and convenient to everything else I had to do!!! Loved it!!	
Feb 12 2009 	Great hotel for my dog and myself!	I go to Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show every year and have stayed in several of the hotels near Madison Square Garden. A friend suggested the Wyndham and since I never liked any of the other local hotels I decided to try it. What a gem!! Not only did they greet me with graciousness and efficiency, by my dog was welcomed as well. And there is a parking garage right across the stree that you can park yourself or have a valet park. When I wanted the car in the morning it was there in 5 minutes (or less!). Yes, the rooms are small but the flat screen TV, internet, an awesome bed and pillows and the large shower in the well appointed bathroom makes it all worth it! The room was ultra quiet (I was on the 9th floor). Add in a fabulous restaurant and a Starbucks at the entrance and what more could you want. Breakfast and dinner were 5 star quality. Definitely a good find and one I will use again!	
Feb 5 2009 	Best Business Traveler Hotel in NY - By Far	The Wyndham is perfect for business travel. I have stayed in all of the 5 star hotels in NY over the past 20 years, and the Wyndham is by far the best combination of amenities, value and cleanliness. The rooms, while not large, have everything you need - wireless that works, flat screen tv's, marble bathrooms, comfortable (and new) beds and linens. Downstairs, you can get your Starbucks and papers in the morning and a beer at night. There is also a small workout room in the basement for a quick lift or run. Staff are all friendly and it has a &quot;Boutique-y&quot; feel. And the prices are extremely reasonable. Excellent value for the $$.	
Feb 3 2009 	Fab hotel	I was really pleased with the Wyndam Garden Midtown. I was on business trip and was attending the gift fair at Javitts... This location is just a few blocks away so I was able to walk. Also, Penn Station is right around the corner so I took the subway in from JFK and easily took the subway uptown to meet a friend for dinner. I didn't catch a taxi once! The hotel itself was clean, my room was very comfortable, and the staff was very nice and helpful. I loved the downstairs bar in the morning for the convenience of grabbing a breakfast and coffee on the go. In the evening it was the perfect place to go over my paperwork from the day with a cocktail.I will definitely be staying here again... Especially if they are able to keep the rates down! What a value.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great value; convenient location; clean and comfortable; everything NEW	This was our first trip to Manhattan, so I did a lot of research on hotels in the areas that most interested us. The Wyndham appealed to me because it is brand new (opened Nov. 2008) and located in Midtown close to train, bus and subway stations. It’s also adjacent to major avenues (8th and 9th) where it’s easy to catch a taxi uptown or down. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. When we arrived in the early afternoon to check in, the room wasn’t available yet, but the hotel has a place for you to stash your luggage. The concierge gave us some good recommendations for the type of food we were interested in (and there are LOADS of places within a two block radius). When we returned after doing some sightseeing and having dinner, our room was ready. We were on the 6th floor facing the back of the building. While small, the room was extremely clean and well equipped with flat screen TV, mini-fridge, hair dryer, etc. The free wireless Internet worked great. Beds were comfortable, although I’m not big on extra thick, fluffy pillows and I wish I had brought my own flatter one (or asked if they had one). I was amazed at how QUIET the room was – absolutely no city sounds during the night and only some minor construction sounds from a nearby high-rise on one or two mornings. From what I’ve read here, perhaps the front of the building is the noisier side. We did not eat in the restaurant, but we appreciated the free cookies and apple cider in the lobby during the early evening hours. Twice I was a little disappointed because housekeeping did not come to clean our room until very late in the afternoon (between 5 and 6 pm). Other than this, which was only a minor inconvenience, I would say the hotel was excellent in all respects, and is a great value for what is currently being charged. Yes, the neighborhood doesn’t look lovely after business hours (most shops close up using ugly metal shutters that completely block the entire front of the building), but I did not feel unsafe when walking with other people. It’s not a gigantic hotel filled with loads of activities, but it was perfect for our purposes and I would definitely consider staying there again.	
Feb 2 2009	New  Clean but be careful !!!	We checked in smoothly, hotel is clean , new, room nice but smallish. Problem was that we were given a room on the 4th floor and theres a grate on the street below that every truck, car etc. that passes by makese a horrible noise. So basically all night long we kept on drifting off to sleep and the next big truck passing by (and being mahatten they kept on coming) we woke up. So if you stay here ask for a room way up high or facing the back not towards the street.	
Jan 30 2009 	Wyndham Garden on 36th/8th is a dream come true!	What an experience. From the first cordial lobby greeting I knew I was in good hands. Upon checking in to my upscale room I was overjoyed at the brand new enormous flat screen tv, the complimentary dried fruit, cookies, soft drinks and chocolates. The free wi-fi is a dream come true - anywhere in the hotel I had no problem connecting to the internet. The beds were soft and cozy and I had a wide selection of pillows to choose from. The food in the downstairs restaurant is to die for. I HIGHLY recommend the Tuna Tartar, crusted shrimp and steak. The continental buffet breakfast is also a treat - eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, the works! The turn down service was right on time and absolutely wonderful. Ice machines come every other floor, but I certainly didn't mind the one flight walk. Excellent room service untill 10pm. I was staying with my family and some friends - and the staff couldn't have been more courteous to my entire group. Their pay per view selection is impeccable as is their free cable. The bathrooms are immaculate - the glass door shower certainly made me feel like a high roller. I was slightly concerned about the location; 36th and 8th ave, but there were a plethora of great restaurants nearby - in addition to being within walking distance of the theatre district. On the whole, I loved my stay. My only complaint was the lack of entertainment at the hotel itself, but upon checking with the management, I was informed they will be getting some lovely live dinner/cocktail music very soon. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in New York with friends, family or on business. For a non-luxury hotel, I felt like I had a very luxurious pampered stay - can't wait to come back!	
Jan 27 2009 	Clean hotel but extremely out of place in that part of town	Can't complain about the cost of the stay (great promo rate with a $20 food voucher) or anything else for that matter. There are just a few things to be aware of before booking:Room size: I never thought I'd see a room smaller than some I've stayed in while in Europe... the room in this hotel came very close. When you're thinking of the room size at this hotel think cruise ship stateroom.Neighborhood: After seeing some other complaints on this site about where this hotel was situated I google'd the location and looked at the street view. It didn't seem too bad on google... but it did around midnight walking back from Times Square. This hotel is REALLY out of place on it's block. Basically every store on this block has been boarded up. If you're out late at night plan on taking a cab back to the hotel.	
Jan 25 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	This was a blind booking for me. I knew that we wanted to be close to Times Square and close to Penn Station. After reading many reviews, ammenities/hotel accomodations and location, I chose this hotel. I must admit I was a little concerned because there were only 2 posted reviews. But this hotel seemed to have what I was looking for as far as location and ammenities/accomendations. We walked to the hotel from Penn Station, I was still a little doubtful as to how good of an experience we would have at this hotel. The front lobby was impressive and immaculate, (my anticipation grew as we checked in and rode up the elevatior) the room was great! We had a king size bed (we two great nights of comfort on the presidential mattress!) My husband absolutely loved the TV. The bathroom was clean and modern (loved the glass shower doors). The staff was friendly and helpful. When we visit NYC again I have no doubt as to where we will stay. I highly recommend the Wyndam Garden Midtown to anyone.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great hotel - clean and great beds!	We stayed for one night at the Wyndham Garden Hotel in Midtown New York. I actually became aware of it through a deal on Travelzoo. We were not disappointed. The room was small but rooms are small in New York City. Since the hotel opened in November 2008, it's immaculate. The beds were very comfortable - one of the best hotel beds I'm slept on. Great linens and padding on the bed. Bathroom is very nice as well.Reception and staff were great. I would definitey stay here again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great price great service really nice room	I called Wyndham reservations after reading a Travelzoo alert about rooms in NYC for $149 with a $20 food voucher. Wow, how could I go wrong? This hotel is brand new, having opened in November 08. The staff was great, the rooms were immaculate and decorated in a lovely honey and blue color scheme. The location was just where we wanted to be - 10 blocks north of the Martha Stewart studios. The amenities in the room were more than adquate.You probably won't get this good a rate again, but it is still a good hotel at even higher rates.	
Jan 14 2009 	Good hotel good price good location	This hotel is located in Midtown, within blocks of Times Square, the Empire State Building, and Penn Station. It was very convenient, safe, affordable and comfortable. I will definately stay here on my next trip to NYC.	
Jan 12 2009 	Good Hotel - Great Value	My wife and I stayed her from January 9 - 11. We got a promotional rate on their website for $134 a night.Pros: Brand new - This is a brand new property and everything is up-to-date and very nice. Not really fancy, but quality. Check-in - Very quick, I swear it was about minute to get our room key.Location - We take Amtrak so it was very close to Penn Station, which made things easier. Also easy access to the subway and a couple of the usual NYC delis close by for food. I would also recommend the Houndstooth Pub on the corner of 37th and 8th and Stitch which is a bar just across the street.Cons:Location - I have to say not the best neighborhood for a first time visitor. It's not bad; don't get me wrong, but a little sketchy. NYC is extremely safe, but I know that different people have different levels of tolerance. Overall it is a very good hotel, but as with any review keep in mind that we only paid $134 a night. I read some of the other reviews and to address some of their concerns:- We had an ironing board and iron- Sunday, when we left was the only time we had to wait for an elevator and we had a student group that was staying in the hotel- My wife and I stay in NYC about 5-7 times a year and the rooms at the Wyndham we just a little smaller than average, but a good size for NYC. There isn’t a lot of space for luggage and stuff, but you won’t find that in most NYC rooms anyway.- We had no problem with noise from the outside.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great small hotel - midtown Manhattan	I just returned from a 3 night stay at this relatively new hotel in Mid Town; the location is great – about 4 blocks from Penn Station just west of 8th avenue, and close to the E subway. The bar was great – with a happy hour – half price on most drinks until 7. The rooms are rather small, which is typical of NY hotels, but the King size bed, comfortable work desk, free Wi-Fi, large flat screen TV, frig. made it a pleasant stay. Room was clean and comfortable, and for the price, $129 (wow) plus all those taxes and fees that the City and State add to the bill – it was a real bargain. This hotel is close to many restaurants, and deli’s which provides lots of options depending on your budget. The restaurant was a bit pricy, but then most of Manhattan is like that unless you know where to go. I plan to stay here as long as the prices remain reasonable!	
Jan 11 2009 	Urban Oasis	As a former 12 yr. NYC apartment dweller who moved out to Westchester A.C. (after children), the Wyndham Garden Midtown Hotel was a delightfully unexpected return to town! Even with grown children. Or should I say especially. From the moment we entered the hotel lobby with it's transforming ambient lighting we sensed a personal welcome. The hip artwork evoked images of modern day urban living while the extra long bar reminiscent of an era gone by seemed to say, &quot;come, it's time to relax.&quot; And so we did, followed by a delicious dinner with organic veggies in the very inviting Greenhouse 36 restaurant. Guest rooms were exquisitely decorated in shades of blue and yellow. Ours had a floor to ceiling window with a view of the Hudson and with the pillow top mattress, beautiful linens and fluffy comforter, we were pampered to perfection. Nice. The following morning the generous buffet breakfast was served with Starbuck's coffee by a very pleasant staff. Teenagers said wifi is all over the place and they enjoyed checking their email in the booth at breakfast. Get back into town this year. Take the kids. See a show. Go to the museums and stay at the Wyndham Garden Midtown. For us, a return trip is imminent. Urban oasis.	
Jan 9 2009 	Excellent 3 Star Hotel	Just came back from a three day weekend, it was our first time in NYC. Hotel is new and very, very clean (which is the main reason I booked, and I was not dissapointed). I had heard NYC hotel rooms tend to be small and this was no exception, but the room was well appointed and comfortable for two people (probably cramped for more than two). From check-in to check-out the staff was simply great. Beds are super comfortable, and noise from the street almost non-existent (we were on the 10th floor). It has a good size bathroom with only the sink a little on the small side. I shot a few pics to share... Overall a great stay, the hotel is classified as a three star, and I belive it scores a five(excellent rating) for its class.	
Dec 31 2008 	Fabulous!	I booked two rooms for our December 2008 stay. One was a king bed for my husband and I and the other had two double beds for my mom and two children The rooms were immaculate. We were able to check in early about 10 am which was terrific! The check in representatives were very helpful and courteous. The concierge was awesome, simply awesome. The hotel has a coffee bar located in the lobby, just steps from the elevator-perfect if you need a great cup of Starbucks. The restaurant is quite nice. Upscale and a bit pricey however the food and the service are worth the price. FYI- it was frigid in the restaurant so bring a sweater. Overall the entire experience was very positive.	
Dec 30 2008 	A great staff!	This is a brand new hotel with some very nice touches. The guest rooms have very nice furnishings, beds are great, first rate bedding,tons of pillows, great bathrobes; really well done. The staff was outstanding, everyone friendly, helpful and professional. Nice bar, good food, great service. This was, however, the smallest room that I have stayed in in NYC and I have stayed at over a dozen. The layout of the room was such that it wasn't much of a problem, as I was traveling alone. The bath was quite large, shower only all done in what seemed like faux alabaster. Nice. The hotel was full and this made for many waits for the elevator, only two and no service elevator. Ice machines not operating yet. Irons but no ironing board (no biggie, no room for it anyway, I just used the bed). One thing that does need immediate improving is the staffing of housekeeping; it seemed the cleaning staff are given more rooms to clean than is reasonable; thus I had to call for service most of the time after returning to my room in the afternoon. Location, not the best, but close to Times Sq. and all. All in all, a great deal, comfortable and cozy.	
Dec 30 2008 	Overall Good Stay	We got such a great rate that I can't really complain. Stayed at the Wyndham the week of Christmas. The location was good for walking from Penn Station but would choose a better area next time. I felt safe but would not have wanted my girlfriend walking around outside the hotel after dark. The staff was great. Our housekeeper was very friendly as were the people working the front desk. We had one meal at the restaurant. The food was okay, nothing special, but our waiter was great. The room was clean but small. We had a king bed which basically took up the whole room. Not much room to sit or places to put suitcases. I would return to this hotel if I was traveling for business or attending an event at Madison Square Gardens but not if I was traveling on vacation.	
Dec 30 2008	Coin operated cruise ship	This is a good hotel for New York, but let me explain the title.Cruise Ship: you will find the rooms extremely clean, modern, and well equipped, but extremely small. Think cruise ship - I had to store one of our two bags on top of the armoire as there was no room for it anywhere else. The bathroom, also clean and modern, is so tight it will also remind you of a cruise ship.Coin Operated: I had booked a king room, but then called to change it to a double bed room. When we arrived around noon we were told that we had a king and there were no doubles, and our room would not be ready until 3pm. After paying a nice tip to the desk people, we had a double room and were going to our room. This is New York people, you don't get anything for free, you can argue and try to get that room, or you can pay a little and the Red Sea will part and your life will be easier.The hotel is about as far west as you would want to go, the neighborhood is fine except be cautious at night if you are a single woman. The hotel is new and spotless in all respects. Room prices are reasonable. The lobby has a coffee bar with Starbucks and pastries for breakfast. The people are very helpful and try really hard - very un-New York.All in all, I would recommend the hotel.	
Dec 30 2008 	Center of it All!	The location is in walking distance to Macy*s and the Heart of Times Square. The first night we took a taxi to Bubba Gump’s because we were not sure directionally where we were and the fare was only $4.50. Once we understood that we were only blocks away we walked the entire time to Macy's to see Santa Land, the AMC theater to see The Tale of Despereaux, ESPN zone, Juniors famous Cheesecake and much more. The room was only big enough for a queen size bed however I propped open the bathroom door to give the appearance of a larger space. The room was very clean and new. For the price it was well worth the squeeze. There is a Dunkin Donuts, taco bell, white castle on the Corner and a Fantastic Chinese restaurant (I am very particular about Chinese) on the same side as the hotel. I recommend searching Travelzoo.com for any specials the hotel may offer.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great Stay!	I found this new hotel while searching on line....great stay, warm &amp; friendly staff. The restaurant was a pleasant surprise....food was delicious and well-presented. I am also a huge fan of Starbucks coffee.While I found the rooms to be small, they were clean and well-appointed. I will definately return to the Wyndham on my next business trip and will reccommend it my family and friends.	
Dec 24 2008 	Too New For New York Interests	The Wyndam Garden Hotel in Midtown is too new . When I first walked in the lights in the lobby were off. So my first impression was that the lights are off in the whole hotel. That already started to make me nervous. I was notified that the lights were on in the hotel rooms. My hotel room was very nice. Not too big but had everything that I needed in it. The windows are cheap and aren't double pained in which should be because it's the busy city . I was awakened by building work happening on the other side. I was so upset because I couldn't get any sleep. The housekeeper knocked on my door at 8am wanting to clean my room because I was checking out that day . But I hadn't checked out but she woke me up . She should have checked with the front desk to see if I checked out before knocking on my door. I basically haven't gotten real good sleep at this hotel. Another really bad thing was that I was starving and wanted to order room service. They had a menu so you would assume that they had room service. NO they didn't....false advertisment. This hotel is not ready for the big time...they have many issues that they need to get straight before wanting to compete against the top hotels in the city . The price was good but I would have paid more to have better sleep and service.	
Dec 18 2008	Hotel with ISSUES	The staff was very helpful and courteous, but management is another story...which I will address at the end. Yes, this is a brand new hotel which everything is expected to be new and clean, but there are too many kinks that are unacceptable and should NOT be occuring. How can our room have no ironing board, no hair dryer, but yet others say they had them? Is there not a check off list management had when the doors opened 21 days ago? This is so inconsistent! I didn't spot anyone carrying an iron board around Manhattan while we were there, who would steal an ironing board anyway? It was never there IMO.Free continental brkf is a danish or muffin, w/ coffee &amp; juice. You are seated at a table so a tip is required for a bill of $26 they present. Even though the brkf is free and $26 taken off, the bill is hicked for a higher tip. We purchased a seperate muffin to go and it was $2, so how did 2 muffins and 2 drinks cost $26?I addressed no vending machine in the hotel, and was told there were plenty of places open 24 hours! If you are diabetic come with your own snacks &amp; drinks, because there is nothing after 11pm.Some company held a Christmas party last night which was to be held in the Greenroom, but most stood around the lobby. The seats, computer area, tables, bar, etc were totally blocked for guests to use. While we waited to get our luggage from storage we made our way to a seat.....comments were made to us, looks, stares and glares had us get up and leave the hotel. I called the manager when I got home to express the lobby (which is small) was for the hotel guests especially when a party is booked for a specific room. He said he was there until 7:30, and saw no problem with it. As I challenged him with no access to the computer he told me to use my own laptop, which I didn't have. He then asked me if anyone assaulted us, when I said no he said he could do nothing about it then. Is this the kind of hotel management you want to say with? I never will again.	
Dec 18 2008	Fantastic!	Just spent this past weekend at the hotel and had a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely pleasant and attentive and the rooms were very clean. Not one to usually eat in a hotel while staying in NYC, I was curious to try the organic/natural restaurant. We had our lunch there and were quite surprised with how good the food was. I had the tomato soup and steak sandwich and my husband had the potato soup and burger...DE-LISH! My only minor complaint would be that the watress, while super sweet, was a bit nervous or unsure of herslef for some reason. (maybe it was her first day?) Lovely hotel. Will stay there again next year...and have some more tomato soup too!	
Dec 18 2008 	A short get-away	My wife and I took a short 3 night stay and were really excited to return to NYC after 2 ½ years. We booked this hotel from Tavelzoo and were happy it was new and the rate was attractive ($149.00 a night). The staff was very nice and helpful and check-in was a breeze. Our room was small but what do you expect in NYC plus we were out and about all day and only stayed in the room when we were getting ready to go to bed after hours of walking around taking in all the views and shopping. We did experience several small issues but the manager (I can’t find the business card she gave me, her last name sounded French and I think started with a T) was very attentive and even wrote down notes of the issues I brought to her attention (excellent communication skills and customer service). She even contacted me after our conversation to ensure the issues I brought up were addressed. We loved our trip and would ask anyone looking to stay here, to be patient and let the staff work out the kinks before being too hard on them. If you are still not satisfied, then speak to the management.	
Dec 17 2008	Don't Stay	Just got back from NYC &amp; stayed at this hotel. Found a deal on a website, but should have made accommodations with another hotel for the same price. We did NOT enjoy our stay here with Wyndham. To kick it off, we did not have hot water for our AM showers, which actually has never happened to me before while staying in a hotel. Another slight draw back was that the room was so small you could barely move around. We have stayed in tight rooms before in Midtown, but this was a bit extreme. The temperature in the room was so hot so we decided to turn on the air conditioner. It was the noisiest thing EVER. Needless to say we did not sleep well. I got up to turn that off b/c of the noise, but couldn't decide which was better, the air conditioner or the sounds of all of the traffic running over a grate in the street. It was so incredibly disruptive to our sleep. Then the staff just seemed very wet behind the ears. They did not have answers for many of the simple questions about their hotel, but also could not answer basic questions about the neighborhood. One positive was that the Concierge was helpful. When we got our bill I just couldn't believe we were going to drop a decent amount of $ on this place. We will not be staying there again. Paying a bit more for another hotel will be worth it to us in the future,	
Dec 16 2008 	Great new hotel	First of all, it's about the location. 36th St. between 8th and 9th Ave. was a great place to be. A short walk to Macy's and Penn Station. There's a Duane Reade pharmacy across the street from Penn Station. A very reasonable walk to the theater district and Times Square. I did the longer walk to Grand Central Station in about 20 minutes (of course, folks walk very quickly in Manhattan!) and it looks to be about the same distance to Central Park. I relied upon cabs a lot due to time constraints. This is a brand new hotel and they were still working out a few kinks when I arrived. The downstairs bathrooms were closed during the day for wallpapering. The hotel restaurant had only opened days before and the wait staff was constantly training someone new. There was cold water standing in the hot water pipes that took awhile to clear out of the system that first night. But exercising patience as they went through the various shake-downs (I saw an inspection being conducted by a top manager guy while sitting in the lobby bar) it was a great place to stay. My king bed room had a nice Phillips plasma TV to greet me. The work desk had a comfortable chair and convenient outlets and I got some good work done. Wireless Internet connection was very good quality on the &quot;concierge&quot; floor where I stayed. A mini-fridge was tucked away inside one of the doors in the long piece of furniture that formed the desk. With a king bed in the middle of it, there wasn't much floor space left over in the room but I never felt cramped. A good sized night stand on either side had a light with an LED reading lamp on a goose neck. The bed was great and I hardly wanted to get out of it. Still, the only chair was the desk chair because there was no room for another. Spacious bathroom included a glass enclosed shower and long vanity for spreading out your shaving kit. There were lots of neat little touches in this room. An umbrella was tucked into the back of the armoire in case you needed it. There was a digital bathroom scale which showed how a few days of walking quickly around Manhattan could benefit you. I had a chocolate on the pillow when I arrived. I had a bath robe provided for my use. In addition were more common features: ironing board and iron, in-room safe, hair dryer hung in a bag on the back of the bathroom door, one-cup coffee maker, alarm clock, lots of pillows. I got a rate which included a Continental breakfast or evening cocktail. They gave me a copy of the USA Today at my door. The two elevators were pretty quick and let you out right into the lobby and out to the street. There's a Starbucks stand in the lobby and they were offering special pricing. I paid $.50 for a cup of tea and $1.00 for a cup of coffee. Nobody can beat that!Best of all was the staff. Everyone I encountered was very friendly and very helpful and really contributed immensely to my enjoyment of my stay. Quick check out was an available service and they were accommodating when I had a problem with my flight home. The first couple of start-up issues were promptly addressed and things went smoothly otherwise the whole time. The doorman was great getting me a taxi on the way out of town.I wish I could have stayed longer at this location and I'm looking forward to returning soon. I know there are great locations all over Manhattan but I'd rank this as one of them for sure. With a new hotel and a great staff, you should be able to greatly enjoy your stay in the city using this Wyndham location as your starting point.	
Dec 15 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the wyndham in NYC on 12/15 to see the tree, do some shopping and look around. The hotel was fantastic. Great service, great food, and the rooms were very well put together. Very clean and neat. The service was quite exceptional as well. The staff was very attentive and professional. I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone looking to visit Manhattan.	
Dec 10 2008 	Okay but the kinks still haven't been worked out	Ice buckets-but no ice in the ice machines. They advertise room service, but once you get here, there is no room service. I've been here for two nights, and both nights, I arrived back here at around 5:00. The room had not yet been cleaned on both occasions (housekeepers are having to clean 15-18 rooms each per day, which is ridiculous!!!). Still has paint fumes. NBC will not pull up on the TV. Staff is friendly and the rooms are nice. I just hope they work out the kinks soon. This hotel opened before it was truly ready.	
Dec 6 2008 	Great new Wyndham Garden Hotel	This Wyndaham Garden has just opened. I usaually stay in midprice hotels on business, but this one looks and feels really upscale, the spacious wood paneled lobby with plenty of seating and internet access was great for working ouside the room. They have a really cool bar and suprisingly good resataurant in an all glass &quot;greenhouse&quot; that looks and feels like a garden. The staff were a lot more user friendly than what I am used to, espaecially at a price under $250. The rooms were super clean with really comforatble beds and a big new flat screen tv. Will definitely be coming back.	
Nov 30 2008 	Good location excellent friendly service	We booked this with some trepidation as we knew it would only be open a fortnight before we were due to arrive. We were delighted to find on arrival that, allthough their sign outside is still a PVC banner, the hotel is 99% complete and finished to a very high standard. The design is tastefully modern and our room was very comfortable and well-equipped. We even had an interesting view, showing the rear of the New Yorker hotel and some other evocative old red-brick buildings. We could even see the river way off to the right. The staff are extremely helpful and very friendly. The location is quite good: Macy's, Empire State Building, Penn Station, Port Authority Bus Terminal and Times Square are all within easy walking reach. The concierge recommended an excellent steak restaurant (Jack's) around the corner where we had the best steak we had ever tasted (and we've been to Smith&amp;Wollensky's) and we also found a small Thai restaurant on the way which later proved really good and very cheap. The only thing I wouldn't recommend at the Wyndham Garden is the breakfast which allthough served by some very pleasant cheerful girls, was pricey and not really that good. However, that's quite often the case with good hotels: you're usually better off heading out for breakfast. Oh and if you're Irish/British, don't ask for tea as you'll be disappointed when they give you a cup of warm water and a teabag in a sachet which of course, just doesn't do the trick. However, these are minor foibles which shouldn't put anyone off a comfortable,modern,friendly,well-located and reasonably priced hotel.	
Nov 28 2008	Very nice hotel	Stayed one night at this new hotel. It was very nice and clean. I found the staff very helpful and friendly. Met all my expectations.	
Nov 28 2008 	wonderful Wyndham Garden Hotel Midtown	Beautiful facility. Great employees! Wonderful experience, my first time in the Big Apple. Would highly recommend it! Sista of da Bride	
Nov 27 2008 	Well run friendly brand new hotel	I was in NYC for business last week and needed to stay near Madison Square Garden and the Convention Center. Knowing that Wyndham provides good quality at a fair price I decided to try this new hotel.Although some services were not quite ready (the restaurant, for example, was not yet open), the hotel is beautiful, chic, upbeat, and clean. Rooms are not huge but are extremely comfy, with big beds and all new electronics. Everything was clean, spotless, and bright. The lobby is awesome - flat screen TVs all over the place, electrical hookups and WI-FI readily available. Very well done.The best part of the hotel is the staff and service. These guys are really friendly (rare in NY) and offer to help beyond the expected (even rarer).	
Nov 26 2008 	One of the Best Hotels in the City	Having stayed at various hotels around the country I found this hotel to be among the best. The staff was overly help with any request that I had and eager to please. The restaurant while only open for breakfast was wonderful, and offer an organic menu, which is a great health benifit. I just cannot say enough about this place.	
Nov 26 2008	Excellent Service	My husband and I stayed there this past weekend. The place is absolutely GORGEOUS and HUGE! The compex is also new, so that was extra great :)The people there were SO nice and helpful. We were new to the area, and they helped us plan our time there. I would recommend this hotel to everyone that goes.	
Nov 24 2008 	Will be great	Just spent two nights at this new hotel - our first night there was actually the opening night. Granted - there were a few bugs to get out - lack of heat for quite a few hours, missing keys, cash register issues. BUT - our room was brand new, clean, well organized - nice bath, huge shower, great TV - everything one could want, although tight space - as NYC tends to be. The best part though of this hotel was the great people and wonderful service. Everyone we dealt with was terrific. I rarely stay at a hotel with this level of friendly, prompt attention and service. I would stay here again anytime and would recommend as well. Wyndham management should take note of the great service this place upheld under challenging conditions.	
Nov 16 2009 	Bien situer propre confortable		
Nov 15 2009 	Très bonne adresse		
Nov 11 2009 	Maravilhoso		
Oct 17 2009 	Merece la pena conocer Manhattan desde este lugar...		
Sep 30 2009 	Agradable estancia		
Sep 30 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Aug 25 2009 	Situation géographique idéale		
Aug 10 2009 	Excelente elección y gran servicio (especialmente ELI)		
Jul 14 2009 	Buena relacion calidad-precio. Instalaciones nuevas.		
May 4 2009 	bien placé proprechambre 2 lits doubles tres petite....		
Mar 18 2009 	Buena relacion calidad precio		
Mar 17 2009 	struttura nuovissima molto accogiente		
