	Would not recommend this hotel	We stayed with Loews hotel in November 2009 and booked a non-smoking twin room. On arrival we were given a smoking double room. When we pointed out the error we were told that the room type was not guaranteed and were given very little by way of apology. We were met with a similar response when the issue was raised again on check out. In addition to the poor service, the hotel looked very tired and was in need of refurbishment. The location is good but there are much better hotels in the area for a similar price.	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice but needs a refurb	I stayed here twice this fall due to Loews First Benefits. Both times I stayed in a Suite. The suite was roomy with a queen size bed and little master bath and a sitting room with couch and powder room.The check in area is fancy enough. The staff was adequate (other than housekeeping issues which seems to be a product of recession and I'm find at other four and five star hotels..I guess this is where they cut back)Anyway, the rooms are old looking and need to be gutted. Bathroom shower clogged. Bathroom toilet running. Stains on carpets and couches. Not totally gross and it was clean but not worth the $500 plus rates this place gets. I've stayed at worse in NYC but I've also stayed in better, nicer looking rooms for less in NYC lately. A lot of the boutique hotels and many of the chains such as the New York Hilton and the Crown Plaza times square might not be as fancy but the rooms are cleaner and newer.Service was adequate. Love the heaters over the bell area outside so you don't freeze when waiting for a cab. Also, another note, I stay in hotels all of the time but the room service here may be the most expensive that I 've ever seen. Bring in food or walk around the corner to Lexington for a bite or you'll pay big.I'd stay here again as the location on the upper east side is great. The hotel was quiet and the bed comfy so sleeping was great. I'd only stay though if I could get a great rate as this fading property is no 4 or 5 star as it would like to be.	
Nov 9 2009 	Shabby not up to either star rating or price point	The Loews Regency is an old school sort of property with a pleasant and cozy lobby and nicely preserved historical touches in the public spaces. I was there for a meeting and the AV services and banquet-style food service was good but not stellar: hot water for tea served in a coffee-contaminated urn, for instance, a rookie mistake that a hotel of this quality shouldn't make. My room was large (and even included a small kitchenette space that I didn't need) and the furnishings were reasonably nice. Bed comfortable although linens could be nicer. Comfy robe provided. Cleanliness okay but not stellar. Bathroom downright depressing and poorly maintained. Very loud ventilation system in the room (fortunately I sleep with ear plugs) and TV has relatively few channels. All in all just not good enough considering the star rating and price point.	
Oct 29 2009 	Top notch business hotel in excellent location	I have stayed several times at the Regency and am consistently impressed. The location is excellent at the borders of midtown and Upper East Side. The relatively small size of the hotel means it has a more convivial feel than larger and more impersonal luxury hotels. The breakfast room is excellent, populated mostly by local power-brokers. The fitness centre is definitely superior to most other hotel fitness centres, and again is used mostly by locals (with a personal trainer).Rooms could be larger, but that is a common complaint in NYC.	
Oct 14 2009 	Smooth and well-appointed hotel on the Upper East Side	Hotel is in the UES, so unless you're into upscale condos, doctors or the a couple of the Museums there's not a lot going on up here. The subway is not as prevalent around here as it is in midtown and downtown or the UWS, so you may be cabbing it more than you planned. I suggest you tip the doormen graciously as they're a font of good info and you'll never wait more than a few seconds for a cab or car.Service is top-notch, as with all Loews Hotels. The lobby is surprisingly small, but rooms are decently-sized for NYC and dead-quiet. Try to get a room facing Park Ave. instead of the school or church on either side. The restaurant downstairs lays claim to the original &quot;Power Breakfast&quot; and it's not uncommon to see movers and shakers there. But it is pricey, and there are some great, cheap diners within a couple blocks walk. The adjacent nightclub is nice if you want a mellow evening of jazz crooners/piano bar with your drink.Traveling here with your pet is not only easy, it's encouraged. The pet-menu is creative and funny.	
Oct 14 2009 	fantastic hotel and location	we had a fabulous stay at this hotel staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. We have to mention Abraham our concierge whom made the trip for us always attentive to our needs, always smiling and genuinely interested in our day. Abraham also recommended to us a great restaurante one of 'David Burke's fine restaurante's - specialising in contemporary american food. We would also recommend 'Nougatine Jean Georges for great french food.Overall we will definately be going back to New York an amazing City and we would be definately staying in the same hotel .	
Oct 11 2009 	AWFUL - NOT recommended	Completely overpriced ! Hotel was overbooked when we arrived ! Receptionist was extremly unfriendly and no one apologised for the mistake. We got given a Smoking room whereas we specially requested a non smoking. The smell in the room was horrible !!! Room was dark and not that spacious ! Nothing like this would be expected for a $500/night hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Regency mistreats pet dog 	looking to spend a few days in the city, with my 3 children and small dog- we searched the internet for the 4 star hotels that were pet friendly on the upper east side. According to their website and reservationist , the two bedroom suite i reserved would be waiting for the arrival of my little Maltese with a dog bed and bowls and all sorts of pet ammenities. They also took the names of my children because supposedly , upon arrival they would receive a personal welcome in the room. when we arrived there was nothing there but the room itself which was tired -with drabby furniture and no site of dog items or any kid sized robes or amenities. We spent the day walking all over the city with our dog and when we came back to the room - the beds were not turned down for the night. When we pulled down the bedspread in the master bedroom i was nauseated to see dried blood stains on the sheets! we also couldn't open 3 lamps in the living room because the lightbulbs were missing! I immediately called housekeeping to report the issue. 20 minutes later a man knocked on the door and handed meet 2 sheets- he didnt even make the bed! we were so exhausted that we all piled into the kids bedroom and decided to deal with the whole mess in the morning with the front desk. After 3 housekeeping managers all came to inspect the problems they all declared that it was an oversite on someone elses shift. How in the world do they not change the sheets and inspect a room when a new person checks in!!! Then all i kept thinking about was that they only offered me two clean sheets for the bed and not even fresh pillow cases and blankets! Who wants to sleep on the same bedding as the previous guests!!Two days later still no dog bed- we kind of gave up hope, but were not going to let the Hotel ruin our vacation. Wed. night we had tickets to a broadway show that was suppose to be the highlight of the trip. After spending the day with the dog and taking him for his last walk - we left him on his blanket with his toys, put the do not disturb sign and left to the theatre. (Just to note: we travel all over the world with our dog to the best hotels and this is a routine he is very use to and has never ever been a problem.) From 7:00- 7:30 i recieved atleast 6 phone calls on my cell, from a hotel manager named ROSA. She kept telling me that someone was complaining that my dog was barking and every time the manger went to the door he kept barking. I told her the only reason he would ever be barking is if someone was knocking or making noise at the door- and that if she would stop bothering him he would stop. I explained to her that the show was about to start and that if it would make things easier I would pay someone to pet sit my dog in the room and scratch his belly until i got back. She proceeded to tell me that oh no we don't have any one that would do that! imagine this is a hotel that advertises their pet friendliness!!! 30 minutes into the show ROSA leaves a message on my cell that she entered my room and &quot;captured&quot; my 9lb maltese and that he is in the office downstairs! Needless to say i was hysterical!!! we had to run out of the show which broke my children's hearts! when i ran back to the lobby of the hotel I ran to the front desk begging to see where my pet was abducted to? my dog must have recognized my voice as I heard his crying yelps -we ran behind the mangers desk and found my dog tied in KNOTTED BED SHEETS- tied to the foot of desk!!!( the dog friendly hotel didnt use his leash or even have one of their own!) He was panic stricken - in a state i have never seen in my life!!! My dog and children were petrified and aghast at how we were treated in a supposed dog and child friendly Hotel. we immediately packed our bags and moved into the Ritz carlton - a true dog friendly establishment!!!	
Oct 7 2009	Fab stay at Loews New york is a must. I can't wait to return i'm busy saving	Hi I stayed at the Loews Regency for four nights with my daughter. It was a great stay, lovely comfortable bed in a fab room, With everything and more expected. We were made very welcome and felt totaly safe. Good location for most of the sights. Could not ask for more. We did get a good deal through Thomas Cook and would probaly not been able to afford it other wise. Now I am hooked and want to return a.s.a.p.On our return we relised my daughter had left her watch in the room. This was reported by e-mail to the hotel as soon as we got back to the U.K and we were contacted by the security member of the hotel who imeadiatley returned in by post. A big thanks to The Loews Staff for that. Susan and Rachel	
Oct 2 2009 	Fantastic comfortable stay however check your bill on checkout!	My wife and I stayed in the Loews Regency for 5 nights for our anniversary. We went to New York and to do the usual sight seeing.I have seen some bad reviews for this hotel, and believe from my experience that they are completely unwarranted. I agree it was expensive (£920 for 5 nights) but all hotels in NYC are, so decided I would push the boat out a bit for a nicer stay, and that is exactly what we got. Bear in mind that my wife and I are not rich, travel the world staying in 5 star hotels, or very fussy... but happy with a clean comfortable room.Check in was extremely quick and smooth, and staff were extremely helpful when we asked for directions, taxis or anything else that we requested. We stayed in the superior double room (cheapest on offer), and we thought the room was huge and very clean. The king size was bed was massive, and more comfortable than most beds that I have slept on in any hotel.The decor isn't new or contemporary but the room was clean, as was the spacious bathroom. All bathroom accessories were provided for such as shampoo, soap, body wash, and conditioner. A little dissappointing was the lack of free wifi in the room, but then I'm not on holiday to use the internet. Beside there is a very fast FREE wifi connection in the lobby. As a bit of a fitness freak, I was more than happy with the fitness facilities in the gym, which included a good selection of cardio equipment, as well as weights and gym mats.The walls in hotel are slightly too thin as you can hear noise from the corridors, but it isn't that bad. I thought the locaion was excellent, a couple of blocks from Central Park, a block away from the closest subway which goes straight to Times Square, Spring Street, Brooklyn Bridge. But to be honest you can pretty much walk everywhere from the hotel... approx 15mins to Times Sq. There are also loads of Cafes and restaurants in the area for good breakfasts or dinner.As for the bill... make sure you check it and get a copy when you leave. We never use the minibar at any hotel due to the extortionate prices. On checkout they tried to charge us for minibar usage, but could not tell us what it was we had drunk. When we said we did not use they minibar they assured us that the bill would be corrected. However on our return to England I found a charge of $7.04 on my card from the hotel, for drinking a can of coke from the minibar. It took four emails to the hotel to get the money back. As for NYC... it's a fantastic city for sightseeing, eating and shoppping. Subway is cheap and quick if you don't want to walk, but I wouldn't advise using it after 10pm. Have breakfast at Balthazar, and eat dinner at Public. Also if you want to get a good view... Rockerfeller is much better than the Empire State Building.	
Oct 1 2009 	Service Professionalism Amenities Lacking @ Loews Regency	Service -Stayed for an extended weekend under two different reservations (booked the first two nights with a consolidator and the last night directly with Loews). Was told by reservation desk staff upon check-in that my party (my friend, his wife, and his young child plus my wife) would be &quot;automatically&quot; moved from the two rooms reserved with the consolidator to the two rooms reserved directly with Loews since the rooms reserved are of different classes. Check with the reservation desk on Monday @ 3PM and find-out that the new rooms are not ready yet. Go up to the old rooms and find that we have been locked-out. Go back to the reservation desk to get the key cards re-enabled. Go on a shopping trip and come back to the hotel at 5PM -- rooms still not ready. Ask to speak to the manager -- clerk goes to a room behind the reservation desk and comes back a few minutes later -- told person who has one of the new rooms has not checked-out yet -- after much back and forth &quot;reassigned&quot; a single room with two bedrooms.Professionalism – A member of staff mistook my friend’s wife as part of the hotel’s housekeeping staff and admonished her for drinking the coffee that is made available in each guest’s room.Amenities – Furniture and baseboards shopworn; stain in one of the bedspreads; window left open and hard to close because of a bent metal frame plus many years of oxidation.	
Aug 26 2009 	"Luxury deals are available"	Contrary to some recent reports, I have little but praise for the Loews Regency Hotel NYC.I booked a 2 bedroom suite in January via Magellan Vacations, at a cost of USD 640.00 per night. The room was circa 1300 square feet, and included a guest washroom/WC, kitchen area, sitting room/dining room c/w 50&quot; Plasma, two large bedrooms c/w 32&quot; LCD's and an entrance lobby. The room allocated (728) was a corner location, with views down Park Av and 61st St.We arranged for airport transfer via Capricorn Limousines (aligned to the hotel) and the whole transfer experience was seamless. Check In was fast and professional, as was the delivery of our luggage. The location of the hotel, 2/3 blocks from Bloomingdales, Central park and 5th Avenue is perfect for those with only a few days to explore the city.In line with many NYC hotels, it is important to impose yourself at the offset. Generous tipping upon arrival invariably ensures a 'smoother' experience, and though not obligatory, is nevertheless expected in an establishment of this calibre. I have previously stayed at the Waldorf Towers and Parker Meridian, and both provide the same outcome.Our rooms were spotless, and the lemonade in the lobby a welcome relief in the heat of the day.A special thanks to Lisa for her kindness in making an unforgettable stay for the girls.	
Aug 13 2009 	Elegant with some inconveniences	The lobby is bustling with ladies wearing hats, business men and a few tourists. The lobby bathroom has complimentary amenities and is gorgeous. Rooms are spacious, comfortable. Very pet-friendly. Do beware, however. Internet is $16 for 24 hours, and they have an awkward policy that charges from noon to noon. This means that if you purchase internet at 11am you will have an hour and need to pay another $16. Very illogical. We found the front desk staff to be somewhat rude and unhelpful at times. The hotel is very elegant, but I would expect higher service for the price. Do check out The Library, the hotel´s restaurant, which is nice and has good food.	
Aug 11 2009 	Loews Regency: Getting Tired and Sad	I've been to the Loews Regency many times over the past decade and I'm sorry to report that it's not really the same hotel anymore. The feel of the hotel has changed: from a high-end hotel that catered to a well-traveled and probably demanding clientele (film people, business people, upper tier travelers, diplomats) to, well, a pricier tourist hotel that seems to be overrun with European and Australian tourists. And while you can put up with a snooty attitude when the rest of the hotel balances it out, when that balance doesn't exist, snooty pretty quickly turns into sneery, which leads to annoyance. Whereas the rooms used to be spotless, ours had a fairly large black stain on the floor. The beds were comfortable enough, but they're also starting to show their age--especially when you compare them to Westin's comfy beds, or the pillowtops that a lot of higher-end hotels have now. Other small things. The &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was missing, as was the tag to hang on your door if you wanted breakfast. And what happened to my free shoe shine? Unfortunately, this seems to be business as usual for Loews. I used to stay at the Loews Santa Monica fairly often, until it too began to get run down and your fellow travelers were all excited about &quot;seein' the movie and tee vee stars.&quot; Blech.Sorry Loews Regency. Give me a call when you renovate.	
Jul 25 2009	Wasn't very keen on this hotel at all.	I've stayed at 5 different hotels in New York City in my various visits there. This hotel ranks as my least favourite of the lot and it had the biggest star rating (4.5*).Right from the time I arrived I felt less than welcome. The room was not ready when we arrived, even though it was after 3pm. When we finally did check in, the last occupant's used old shampoo bottles and soap had not been removed upon our arrival. Yuck!The room itself was nothing spectacular, in fact, the bathroom was in rough shape, very dated and not particularly clean.The charges for room service and courtesy bar items were completely outrageous.I would not stay here again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Comfortable Stay	Good location on Manhattans Upper East. Excellent room,very clean and comfortable. Friendly Doorstaff and Bellhop.not so friendly duty manager,checked in late so might have had a hard day,either way at these prices you expect service with a hint of a smile!Overall one of New Yorks nicer locations with a top dining experience to boot!	
Jul 3 2009 	Stayed 3 days - super pleasant experience with kids	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in mid April. We had a great 2-bedroom family suite. The locations is superb for kids and shopping and the staff were very professional. Room service was excellent and overall it was great value for money. The decor is a bit dated but the rooms were quiet and very functional with kitchenette in the suites - very good if travelling with small children. Will stay there again.	
Jun 27 2009 	A Customer service nightmare	I stayed one night at the Loews Regency New York and I will never make that mistake again. They were perfunctory in every respect. The check-in was late and the clerk tried to pretend with a smirk and a nod that he was &quot;taking care of us&quot;. We were given the same room we would have been given, but the pretense was almost comic. A few days after we checked out, I realized that I had left a dress in the closet of the room. I called and was connected to housekeeping which began what I can only describe as a farce for the next three weeks. I ultimately received the dress after two weeks of phone calls (I honestly believe, I am sorry to say, that someone in housekeeping had claimed my dress for herself and was made to bring it back to work). I paid for shipping and received the dress in ridiculous condition. There were six deliberately made burn marks in it, rips, tears, and some of the seams were shredded. When I called to complain, the manager on duty disconnected me &quot;accidentally&quot;, then re-directed me back to the same woman in housekeeping with whom I had already dealt. She left me a voice mail telling me that the dress was sent to me in perfect condition. Since the packaging in which it was sent was completely intact and still is, this is impossible. Business ethics are not present at this hotel. I am now out the price of the dress, the cost of shipping, the expense of the phone calls, and my time. Spare yourself and find a place that deserves its stars.	
May 24 2009 	Beyond expectations	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Everything was as described in the ads. The room was a good size with large well equipped bathroom, two closets, triple glazing, impeccable housekeeping (room was cleaned twice a day!), doormen who were always there to stop cabs and greet you, concierge who was truly helpful in any questions or suggestions. The slashed prices of the recession were truly the icing on the cake. A big bowl of fresh apples near the elevator was refreshing. Proximity to Central Park and great shopping was indeed a plus. The feeling that security in the hotel worked was quieting. This is definitely a place to recommend and return to.	
May 6 2009 	How To Handle A Problem	We reserved a very comfortable and well-appointed 2-bedroom suite at the Park Avenue Loews Regency New York for a weekend beginning May 1, three nights at $793 a night. Virtually everything was to our expectation, and our 4-person party enjoyed their stay, particularly breakfast in the &quot;Library&quot;, absolute joy. Several times we discussed returning again to use the same space. But everything changed Sunday evening. The adjoining suite erupted in an extremely noisy party, every shouted word of which filled the living room of our suite. We called Guest Services and said we could not use our living room and please have the party quieted down. Nothing happened. For the remainder of Sunday we abandoned the living room of the suite, as we had no choice but to confine ourselves to the most distant bedroom. The next morning, paying my $2600 bill at checkout, I went over it all again, and was assured that I would soon be contacted by Management. Subsequently the Front Desk Manager telephoned me with a very sincere apology, and volunteered an adjustment amount to my bill that clearly reflected that they took the situation very seriously. We'll go back soon.	
May 5 2009 	Not worth it..snooty staff that act like they own Park Ave.!!	Im a pretty regular travelor and have been to many hotels in my day, and was very excited for my newborn's first trip to NYC and first hotel stay of his life! I searched out many hotels in NYC and was looking for a spacious, affordable, and kid-friendly hotel. Based on reviews, Loews seemed to be the best of all worlds, but I was quite surprised to find that the Regency, NYC lacked in all of those respects. First, the front desk staff was disinterested, aloof, and pretty much as snooty as Park Ave. itself. I asked for a room and they pushed for a kitchenette which would cost $40 more per night, and I said I didnt need one. Sure enough, they gave me a room w/ a kitchenette, but didnt charge me for it..bonus, but not sure what the deal was. I requested a crib upon arrival, and when I got there at 6:30pm, we were taken up to the room by an excellent bellman, but the crib wasnt there yet. When i asked the bellman if I should call downstairs to get it, he said that he was going to take care of it. When we returned from dinner around 10pm with my child sleeping in my arms, still no crib! We called downstairs and they finally came by 11:30 to assemble the crib, which took a half hour, while my child slept on our bed. Next, my room key deactivated twice and I couldn't get into the room, and you would think by the second time, they would have sincerely apologized, but the lady at the front desk barely looked me in the eye, let alone apologized. My wife ordered room service one night, and I know that NYC prices are up there, but she got a grilled cheese and a side salad, which came out to $58...come on! Lastly, the rooms were supposed to be spacious, by NYC standards, yet the bathroom was so tiny that my legs stuck out the door when I sat on the toilet and I hit my head twice on the mirror above the toilet, while knocking the toilet phone off the hook every time I entered the bathroom. So, in summation, crappy experience, staff that was unattentive and snooty..all around bad experience! I expected more of you , Loews!	
May 3 2009 	Bring your own laptop!	We stayed at the Regency for a week in November so my husband could run the marathon. We have 3 small children and reserved a 2 bedroom suite. The rooms were well appointed with small kitchen and large living room--plenty of space and with just enough dings and scrapes on the woodwork and walls to make us feel like our kids wouldn't damage the place too much. We had excellent service from everyone...The real problem was computer access. We did not have our laptops and so had to use the business center: $1 a minute!!! With 2 people checking emails it gets expensive in a hurry. The hotel had wifi that we tried to access with our iPhones but you had to agree to similar rates--no thanks! We were paying a small fortune for the rooms and my husband had a fit that we had to pay that much for internet use. We would stay here again for the location and rooms but next time will bring our gadgets!	
Apr 19 2009 	Woman travelling alone	When I am in NYC on business, the Regency is my hotel of choice. Although the hotel facility is very inice, I feel that what I am really paying for is unparallelled service and security. Guests are greeted by name and they do know who you are! When, at the last minute, my (very distinguished looking husband) husband was in town and able to join me, I was impressed with the security that was enforced before they even contacted me that he was in the lobby. Restaurant and room service also excellent. The concierge was extremely helpful with entertainment recommendatons and securing reservations for us.	
Apr 11 2009 	Perfect for Families and Pet Owners	Loew's is the perfect hotel for pets and families, so I have no idea why everyone keeps thinking they aren't.They guaranteed us connecting rooms for the simple fact that we have children.Feinstein's offers a magic show on Sundays and they looked after our little ones so we could have dinner alone for the evening.Not only that, but we brought our dog and it was only $25!Both our children and our dog receive welcome ammenities, and they did everything they could to make our stay company.I would strongly suggest becoming a Loew's YouFIrst member, as we got an upgrade upon arrival for being a member and a late check-out.Also you should most certainly book through MagellanVacations at NewYorkCityLuxuryHotels.com. They got us a phenomenal rate on our room and they also rebooked us at lower rates twice before our stay.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Location !	Was worried about going to this hotel after reading a couple of reviews, but after arriving and checking in, felt very pleased with my choice. Staff very attentive and friendly We stayed in Room 505, didnt overlook Park Avenue but was the quietest hotel room I think I have ever stayed in, didnt hear anything ever. Housekeeping staff very nice, and did a good job in the room tidying up all my shopping bags for me.Only used the restaurant once for a late night snack, was very yummy, and quite pricey but no more pricey than the rest of NYC.Bar staff very chatty and friendly, nice atmosphere in the lounge bar area, just what you needed after a long day.Room was tidy, the bathroom was modern in the seventies, definately needs a new bathroom ! However saying that the shower was very powerful and the towels were very fluffy, it was just a bit old.Great location within easy walking distance of Central Park and some great shops, Bloomingdales 2 blocks away, but I prefered Macys which is a good 20 minute walk away, but can be done.Great italian restaurant around the corner called serofina. Breakfast we walked to the Wellington Hotel opposite park central and sat in a diner there for breakfast and there is the brooklyn diner opp Carnegie Hall, about 15 mins walk. And Im a slow walker.I dont think I would stay at this hotel again as I do like a nice bathroom !!!! But that is the only reason I would not go back here.	
Dec 8 2008 	Your home in NYC	Having stayed at the hotel before, we nearly made the mistake of trying another hotel, for a change. How pleased we were that we decided to stick with The Regency.We reserved a Park Avenue room, with more than ample space for tw persons, and indeed it could easily hold your two children as well!The position of the hotel is perfect if you want to be near most stores and museums, yet be in a calm neighbourhood. The staff, many who have been at the hotel for many years, are just so guest orientated that you might be in the Four Seasons, but 4S is just too big to be comfortable.Restaurants abound, and the subway is near. The only drawback is the current woeful value of the British Pound, makes NYC much more expensive than a year ago.Hope this helps.	
Nov 15 2008 	Classy but with flaws	Why classy?? * Great location:  * Just a couple of blocks from Central Park * Very close to the Metros which will get you anywhere you want to go * Staff was outstanding: always willing and able to take care of any needs. Very responsive. * Hotel room: * Room was quite large. * Bed was very comfortable * Kitchenette was nice plusWhy flaws?? Given the price of the hotel, I would have expected 5+ star quality in all areas and it was good but not great. * Rooms are somewhat dated and could use some upgrading. * Bathroom plumbing: drains in sink and tub were very slow to drain. Had to finally call maintenance to come and work on them. They finally got them to flow. * Hallway carpet: hallway carpet on at least two of the floors seemed to be dirty. Certainly not up to the standard expected.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great room for a Girls' Weekend	Management went above and beyond to make our weekend special; we were two moms and two teenage daughters celebrating High School graduation and Sweet sixteen events. Our double bedded room was HUGE by Manhattan standards and an exceptional value for the money. The fitness center was available at no charge with luxurious facilities and all the amenities one would want. Great location on Park Avenue, very close to several subway entrances. I have stayed in New York several times per year for twenty years and from now on I will make this may first choice from now on for New York City!	
Oct 5 2008 	Impressive	Great hotel, good size room. Loved the one cup coffee brewer.Bed was very comfortable. Staff helpful - helped us find a nearyby subway entrance and gave us a map and instructions for our first subway experience. Nice touch with the bowl of apples and lemonade stand in the lobby. Not very conveniently located for Broadway shows or Times Square area but great locatiion near Central Park.	
Sep 16 2008 	dirty stay	I have traveled all over the world. I generally stay at Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton, and also have stayed in Westins. I was VERY disappointed at the NY location. We stayed at the suite. The hotel was very disappointingly dirty. I am not sure how they are able to manage a business with unacceptable cleanliness. I feel this situation is due to neglect of the management. The room carpets had so many stains. The play area in the breakfast restaurant had crumbs of food. Please clean your act. I own several businesses. I could understand the expenses involved in renovation, but we spent $1000 a night including taxes. If you need to command this price, please follow with a clean location. We almost checked out due to the cleanliness, but decided not to ruin our wedding anniversary. I generally would not write comments, but hopefully accept this as a constructive criticism. I will never stay in another Lowes Hotel due to this experience. We stayed in Room #725. The staff was very helpful.	
Sep 15 2008 	Indifferent service and tired accomodations	I had high expectations, and most were not met. An indifferent front door staff -- we were ignored as we struggled to get luggage out of the taxi, as they stood by and watched, and NEVER ONCE in 3 days was a front door opened for us as we entered or left the hotel. The room (Superior King) was spacious, but with an itty-bitty, tiny bath. The rooms and hallways were old and tired, and all a bit dingy. IMPORTANT NOTE: the lack of sound proofing of the rooms was appalling - we could hear every word of the people speaking in the rooms adjacent to ours. The location is excellent, the prices high (the food and drinks were outrageous) and the overall experience more 3-star than 4 or 5-star.	
Sep 3 2008 	Loved the Regency	Enjoyed a 3 night stay at this upper east side hotel over labor day weekend. Service was excellent and very helpful. King bed in standard room had excellent linens and room was very comfortable. Good work space provided. Beautiful setting on Park Terrace at 61st. Two block walk to Central Park was great for morning jogs. Quiet area with high end shopping one block over on Madison. Convenient for museums. Number of small cafes and bistros within 3 blocks for evening meals. The hotel's Library Bar is a great place to hang out or eat small meals (but very pricy). Found a great deal on the internet and hope to return again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Big rooms and great staff!	This was my first trip to NYC and wasn't sure where to stay. I had heard that most rooms in the city were very small so I was prepared. When I opened the door to our room at the Loews Regency I was shocked at how big it was. We had 2 very nice sized closets, a dining table and comfy chair. The staff were also very nice and accommodating. The hotel is in a great location, very close to shopping and Central Park. I would stay here again.	
Sep 2 2008	Great Hotel Good Service Excellent Location!	Great hotel, friendly and good location. Rooms not overly luxurious but large and spacious. Great room service but VERY EXPENSIVE! ie $13 for a soft drink from the mini bar!!!$30 for a sandwich (but bloody tasty!!)	
Aug 9 2008 	Park Avenue Gem	We stayed at the Regency for three nights this past week. We love the location on Park Avenue and the neighborhood. Check in is extremely fast and there is an excellent door and front desk staff. Our room on the 10th floor was comfortable, spacious and very clean. The bed and pillows were comfy. Bathroom amenities were very good. Bathroom did not have a fan which is a minus. The hotel floors are quiet, elevators are prompt and housekeeping and turndown services superb. We had drinks in the bar one evening and at $21 per were overpriced even by NYC standards. Nice coffee makers in the room. This is a hotel we return to time after time.	
Jul 17 2008 	Nice Very Nice	The friendliest staff I have ever met in a hotel. Welcoming, smiling, check in was a breeze, the room (suite) was excellent. Breakfast at the Regency is a great experience (make a reservation or you won't get in). A helpful concierge gave us lots of things to do.Give yourself a reason to stay there and then enjoy one fine experience.	
Jun 29 2008 	Very impressed!	My sister and I usually stay at the Barclay Intercontinental when in New York, but it was booked and we found an affordable promotion through the hotel's web site. We were very impressed with the hotel and liked it much better than the Barclay for many reasons. Although the folks at the front desk were a little aloof, the rest of the staff was cheery, friendly and helpful, even the poor man who had to fix our toilet at 11:00 p.m.! We had requested a non-smoking room and got one, however it was clear the previous guest had smoked and so we requested another room. We were upgraded to a larger room right next door. Although the hallways were a little worn, the room was very well decorated and included a large flat-screen TV and Jonathan Adler pottery. Room service was extremely expensive so we opted to eat downstairs in The Library. Breakfast was yummy and, to top it off, there were bowls of M&amp;Ms everywhere! It is a kid-friendly and pet-friendly hotel and even has a place for kids to play right next to the restaurant.If we can afford it we will definitely return to the Loews Regency.	
May 19 2008 	Very Comfortable NYC Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Loew's Regency. It is a smaller hotel with an intimate feel, but unlike many boutique hotels is full service with a nice, albeit small lobby.The Regency is in a lovely residential area on Park Avenue and 61st Street--so if you need to be in the heart of the tourist hubbub--this may not be the place for you. Walking in the nearby neighborhood is a great way to see one of the finest (and wealthiest) NYC neighborhoods.The staff was excellent, from the doormen to the front desk to housekeeping. The rooms are very comfortable with large flat screen TVs, a granite topped desk, and a comfortable chair. The rooms mostly have large picture windows. Excellent bedding and comfortable bed.The little things like providing umbrellas when raining, or having iced tea and apples in the lobby is a great touch and makes you feel like you are home away from home.The hotel is getting near to the time that it needs to be renovated. It's the little things like chipped paint and scratched furniture--but because it is clean and very luxurious, the property is aging gracefully.The Library bar/ restaurant is fun--great for people watching, very intimate and comfortable--but beware of some sticker shock on prices, especially breakfast. We've stayed at a number of NYC hotels and when we want to be on the Upper East Side--this is the place.	
May 3 2008 	very nice	We had a room with a king sized bed on the third floor. the view was of an elementary school next door. the room was on the small side for a hotel of this level, but had all of the amenitites. Soft, comfy sheets and great pillow. Plenty of towels and toiletries. My best friend and I traveled to NYC for a girls' weekend to sight see and go to a Broadway show. This hotel seems to be more for business than pleasure stays. The location is more high end residential and is a little out of the way for tourists. There are no late night eateries close by. I would not recommend this hotel for tourists on a tight schedule, due to the distance from tourist attractions.	
Apr 10 2008 	Nice New York Hotel	Enjoyable Stay at the Loews- Huge Luxury King Room- Very comfortable room- Nice Big Bed with Lots of pillows- Flat Panel TV- Bathroom Okey, kinda small- Big Work space- Service quality mixed. Doormen greet you by name, but Reception counter staff are generally aloof- Located on Park Avenue. Comfortable walk to 5th ave, Apple Store, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, even to Grand Central Station.- Quiet Part of midtown.- The Free Hot Chocolate during winter is very good and rich.Had a very nice enjoyable stay. Highly Recommended.It was much better than Sheraton Manhattan hotel.Got a great deal from Quikbook online. 2+1 night free.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved staying here	I really liked everything about this hotel. The rooms were fabulous and the service was terrific. A great location as well. I especially liked that it was a small hotel , The beds were very comfortable .	
Mar 26 2008	Just decent and overpriced.	For the $500 or so I paid for the room I expected 'immaculate' and the Regency falls short of that. It is a very nice hotel at a great location but the check-in service was less than friendly. The room was large but odd shaped (a very long hall with 3 huge cabinets). The work area was not optimal, with no electrical outlets under the desk, but at a side wall that was not too close. Your $500 do not buy you free WiFi ($14.95) - but you can easily grab wireless connectivity from the airwaves in the area. The bathroom was clean but the fixtures a bit aged. The shower/bath in particular was cramped and the stream mediocre. Again, not up to snuff for the price. An odd story showing indifferent customer service: a colleague staying at the hotel with me walked into the room he was assigned after checking in only to find it occupied with a couple in the throes of passion. The front-desk's reaction: &quot;We thought they had checked out already.&quot; That was at 9:00 PM. And that was all they had to say about it. Again, not what you'd expect from this class of hotel.If there were other places to stay during this conference-laden week in NYC, I would have tried them. Not a bad hotel at all, but for this amount of money, I would expect much more.	
Feb 8 2008 	Probably Won't Return	The hotel was just average. The room was small, but clean. The bathroom needed updating and the door was rusting around the bottom. There were wet spots on the carpet where it appeared that stains had been recently treated. The hallways were tired.The service was also average, which surpised us because Loew's has such wonderful service. At checkin, our complimentary upgrade through the Loew's first program was not even mentioned. At checkout, we noticed that we had not received the correct discount (AAA discount), despite the fact that I had booked with the hotel directly and discussed the discount. Also, it was quite an ordeal for the hotel to even locate the discount that takes 20% off of a Sunday night stay (as found on the site: http://www.nycvisit.com/content/index.cfm?pagePkey=2005&amp;CFID=2115235&amp;CFTOKEN=30338759).On the flip side, the location was great and the doormen were quite pleasant.	
Feb 4 2008 	Okay	Nice location on Upper East Side. Easy walk to Central Park and all it has to offer.Booked a 1 bedroom suite with 1.5 baths, kitchenette. Original room was light, bright, and had a small kitchenette, nice terrace facing Park Avenue and great windows, but only a single bathroom. My 12 y/o daughter, who had broken her ankle the week before our trip had a fit. We were moved to another 1 bedroom suite. This one was dark, not as spacious, in need of updating, no microwave, no coffee maker, but it did have 2 bathrooms, so my daughter was happy.The daytime doorman was superb and friendly. He quickly remembered our names and made friends with my 7 year old son. He went out of his way to accomodate us in and out of taxis, as we brought along a wheelchair for my daughter.The concierge was abrupt and not much help for kid-friendly dining options.Continental breakfast through room service was $29.00! Try Burger Heaven at Lexington and 62nd. Three of us had full breakfast with juice for $24.00 including tip! Service was wonderful and pleasant, and the food was decent.Would I stay there again, probably not, nor would I likely recommend it to a friend. There are other, better hotels.	
Jan 11 2008 	Another Great Stay at The Regency	I had another great stay at the The Regency the night of January 10, 2008. I booked a standard room for a short business trip and was upgraded upon check in to a 15th floor delxue king room as I am a gold member of the Loew's First loyalty program. Thr room was large by New York standards and there was no street noise at all in the room. I also received a complementary bottle of white wine in my room as per my Loews First profile. Much appreciated! The location of the hotel is excellent.Check in and check out were a breeze and my room was cleaned to perfection. The large flat panel TV was appreciated and the bed was exceedingly comfortable. I did not use the fitness center or dine through room service. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was excellent and served quickly.All in all, this hotel consisently reminds me why I keep returning to The Regency.	
Dec 10 2007	Nice stay in midtown	In NYC on business and didn't want to stay downtown. Company travel agent suggested the Regency. The room was good size for NY and looked to be recently renovated. Large flat panel TV and a small desktop area made my stay. Bed linens were nice and the decor was modern, but not funky. Lobby bar/restaraunt was nice, but expensive. I didn't get a chance to walk around too much around there, but given the mid town location, I imagine you are a short cab ride from everything. All things considered, you get a good hotel for the rate.	
Nov 6 2007 	Perfect postiion	We stayed here for 4 nights in a junior suite. The suite was not large but by New York standards was more that adequate. The position was perfect for fifth avenue and Bloomingdales. Also the subway station was really close. The staff were fantastic - so helpful and the complementary umberellas came in really usefull on the rainy day! We did not eat in the hotel because we wanted to try lots of places but the free coffee in the lobby each morning was nice. The gym was well equipt and we used it every morning (yes really!)We would stay here again.	
Oct 5 2007 	Comfortable Stay	I stayed at the Regency for one week while in New York on business. I'd heard great things about the hotel, and while I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't completely blown away either. It is a great hotel, overall. The housekeeping service/turndown service was wonderful- really really great. The rooms are supremely spacious, although the bathrooms are rather small with unattractive lighting. I was disappointed with the gym hours, although the gym is very nice. I understand it was recently renovated. Still, I'd have enjoyed it much more if it opened earlier, or if guests had 24-hr access. The staff is awesome- everyone is sooo nice. Especially the woman who was at the desk when I checked out, I do regret not catching her name. She was just completely precious and set me off on my day in a great mood. The only other thing I'd comment on is the room service- not good service, but the gentleman who served it was delightful. I'm telling you, the staff in this hotel is awesome. Overall, nice stay, but then again, the company was paying. If I were paying, I might choose another hotel in the area.	
Sep 3 2007 	Loews Regency sorry not for me	Good:Location/NeighborhoodService/Staff is perfectBed &amp; Pillows are #1Limonade in lobby in the afternoonQuiet hotelHousekeeping and turndown servicesBad:Old hotel, need a big major makeoverOutdated room/Bathroom (2 tiles did fall down during shower) Small room/Bathroom with no ventilationRoom service prices and xtra fee(21%fee + 5$ a guest)is a jokeWay too expensive, you have much better hotel for same price or less (Sofitel hotel is still my favorite in NYC)Loews shoud put money in the hotel and stop thinking that the friendly employees will make up for the running down hotel	
Aug 25 2007 	Great home away from home.	Wonderful Hotel. 4 day weekender with two adults and three children (9-14). We stayed in a huge two room suite overlooking Park Ave. . 1100 sq. ft. with 3 closets and 1 1/2 baths, refrigerator and microwave. Sofa bed was useable but in poor shape, but the two rollaways the hotel provided were perfect for the kids. The room was on special discount via Leows hotels and offered best value I found in NYC--two small rooms at nearby Sheraton or Hilton would have cost more and provided half the space.The neighborhood is the perfect location for a nyc trip. Easy access via Park Ave. and great location to Central Park (2 blocks) &amp; Bloomingdales, Madison &amp; Fifth Ave. shopping all within easy walking distance of a few blocks. One block east to Lexington Ave (or two blocks east to Third Ave.) and there are a host of deli and supermarket choices, burger joints or fine dining--whatever you prefer. We visited the &quot;top of the rock&quot; for views of the city from the top of Rockefeller Center...The &quot;Rock&quot; is definitely a &quot;tourist&quot; destination, but if you like looking down on the city, the views are tremendous and there were no lines. The observation areas are very clean and the glass walls around the observation deck don't obstruct views like the screens/fences surrounding the Empire State Building. We also tried the circle-line double decker bus downtown tour. We picked up the bus at central park...just a few blocks from the hotel. The kids loved that as well...and they liked hopping off and back on a different bus at various stops. Two tour guides were great, one was a cynical jerk, but hey it's NYC and you never know what you're gonna get. The great thing about the buses is that you can hop off at any time.Cab rides even from downtown were never more than 10-12 dollars and there is easy access to the hotel. Subway entrances are also just a few blocks away.Regency Hotel went out of the way to make our stay enjoyable--they provided umbrellas from the doorman if it was raining. free coffee (delicious) in the lobby in a.m. and free lemonade in the afternoon. The housekeeping staff provided everything we needed right away. It's been a long time since I stayed in NYC and felt welcomed and not simply like I was being &quot;processed&quot; through the hotel system. The neighborhood also felt safe and clean. This will definitely be our hotel of choice for future visits.	
Aug 25 2007 	Dependable 4-star Great location.	We stay here about once or twice a year. Prices are generally competitive for New York- this time I paid just over $420 net per night. Rooms are clean and quiet, location couldn't be better, and if you join Loews First, you can generally get an upgrade to next larger/better room/suite. Restaurants are great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after dinner. But I usually want breakfast before they open. In that case, walk one block over (right out of hotel, right on 60th, right on Madison) and eat at Viande Coffee Shop. Fast basic food and they must open for business at dawn- I've never arrived &quot;too early&quot; for a quick hearty breakfast.	
Aug 12 2007 	Good location Adequate room	My husband and I stayed 3 nights and had a good experience. The staff was well trained, the location good and the room, although not special, met our needs.Nice location to get to shopping, but I would not recommend dining in the restaurant. I wanted a beverage one evening and got a mini can of diet coke for a whopping $7. The bowls of free M &amp; M's almost made up for it...but not quite!	
Aug 10 2007 	Very nice employees but a disappointment	We have just returned from a week at the Regency. The hotel was a very big disappointment. First, let me say I have been to NY several times and know that the room standards in New York are sometimes below other hotels in other parts of the country, but based on the reviews and our vacation club recommendations we booked a luxury room with two double beds. Upon arrival, I found the staff very very friendly. They had toys for my kids and were very courteous to my wife and I. The hotel is well off the tourist path and you might need to give the taxi driver the cross streets, since some did not know where the regency was located (park and 61st). Since the hotel is away from the hot spots, the noise from &quot;the city that never sleeps&quot; does not keep you awake. OK, now for the bad stuff. We were given a room on the third floor. When the hotel elevator doors open to this floor we were greeted with the great smell of ciggarette smoke. We are not talking about a light smell, but one that gives you the impression that this floor has seen years of smoke. Keep in mind, Im a ex-smoker and normally the smell does not bother me, but wow. Once we got to our room, we found it very large (by NY standards) with two double beds as promised along with a good size bathroom and a small kitchen net. You can tell the rooms have been occupied a lot by the amount of stains in the carpet. I always get very paranoid by the color of some of the stains.... Once i sat down on the bed, I noticed a very very strong vomit odor coming from the top right side of the bed. I immediately called down and was told that someone will be up soon. Within 2 mins, a maid had come to change the sheets. I asked for another room, but was told that there were none available until tomorrow. The following day, my wife was too scared to change rooms in fear that the new one would be worst. For anyone traveling with kids, sometimes you need things in the night to help with the boredom. One thing might be a movie on the on demand television. Well on the first night we tried to use this service we were billed, but no movie played. We, again, had to call the front desk to get the charge removed from our bill and were told the on demand service is not working in the hotel. We also found out our mini bar was missing...even though we had a mini bar key...lol. This meant that we had to order room service for a soft drink. (there were no machines in the hotel and no outside vendors in this area). I will say, even though we called down to the front desk more then I have ever done before, I can tell you the staff were never short with us and were very patient. As someone who likes to travel, I can tell you it would take a lot for me to stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great hotel - very pet friendly	Stayed at the Regency on business in April for four nights. My husband and small dog came along. Loews is great with pets. Our room was at the end of the hall, which is great when you have a pet and was very spacious. They provided dog bowls and treats and we were allowed to leave our dog in the room unattended. Our room was spotless, it is obvious that the hotel is very well maintained. Room service the three or four times we ordered it was delivered promptly and the food was of very high quality. There are three reasons that I give this hotel a 4 rather than a 5. First, it's pricey, even by New York standards. I believe our double room was $479 per night. Second, if you are scouting this hotel for tourism, the location is not supurb, it is somewhat far from the major tourist areas. It is, however, perfect for the Lex and Park area. Lastly, it's an older hotel and the soundproofing is not very good. It is a loud place, which is bothersome in the mornings if you are attempting to sleep in.Overall, I'd definitely return, mostly due to their wonderful treatment of pets.	
Jun 13 2007 	Very pleasant stay	This was a very nice place to stay! Just a couple of blocks from Madison Ave. and Central Park. 3 of us stayed in a suite which had a kitchenette, living room, king bedroom and 2 bathrooms, and plenty of closet space!!!! The room was clean and tastefully decorated. No clutter! The bathrooms were a little small but fine enough. The bedding was clean and very comfortable!!! the couch was cushy and comfy as was the cot they brought in for one of us. The extra blankets they brought in were soft and when we requested them, they had just come out of the dryeer and were warm:) The housekeeping cleaned up the bathrooms daily which was nice. The towels were clean(I've been to hotels where the towels were not!) Even though the mini bar was pricey, we still enjoyed some of it:) We didn't eat in the restaurant but did have lunch in the Library, which was nice, very tasty food! Room service was pricey, the food was good but nothing special. Your best bet would be to hit up a local grocery. The hotel staff including the housekeeping, maintenance and doormen were very friendly. We were on the 10th floor near the elevator which we did hear the noise from that, but it wasn't that bad and we had no problems getting to sleep after shopping all day!!! This is a pet friendly hotel and we noticed several guests had dogs, but we never heard any barking and the place didn't smell at all of pets. We plan to stay again because of the closeness to Madison Ave and because it was such a pleasant stay!	
Jun 4 2007 	Regency aims to please!	Just got back from a weekend at the Regency in NYC and it was a wonderful experience. I went with my significant other and my daughter. My goal was to book a hotel room that was comfortable with plenty of room for the three of us. We booked an Executive Suite and it worked out perfectly. This room had a king sized bed and french doors that opened to a second living area with a queen pull out sofa. It also had two bathrooms - I was nervous this would take away from the spacious living areas but they did not. The bathrooms themselves were small but had everything you could possibly need including great water pressure and the cleaning staff did an excellent job straightening up and replenishing everything. Their were plenty of drinks and snacks but we did not touch them as they were a bit pricey. I would definately stay at the Regency again. Overall the hotel was very clean and the staff went out of their way to make you feel comfortable, from the door man, folks at the front desk, room service, even the parking garage, it was a pleasant experience.	
Jun 1 2007	My favorite in NYC	This hotel is my first choice in New York, although it is frequently full or very expensive. It is not the most luxurious in the city, or even close, but the rooms are comfortable and the staff is excellent. The food is very good, but forget about breakfast. It is a hotspot for breakfast meetings or when you want to 'accidentally' run into someone in the NY real estate scene, so the average hotel guest can't run down and grab a bite. However, there are excellent choices nearby.Don't forget to bring home some of the Hero Stars, if you have a dog.	
May 29 2007 	Excellent location - close to the Park between shopping and arts	I can't say enough how wonderful The Regency was. We stayed during Memorial Day weekend. The staff was friendly and always accommodating. There were numerous taxis on Park Ave and because of the location, everywhere we went that weekend was within a $5 taxi fare. There is shopping just around the corner on 5th Ave. There are excellent restaurants all along Madison and Lexington Ave, both one block away. The rooms were great, even if the view was typical of New York - facing another nearby building. The internet connection was good.	
May 26 2007 	Our NYC base for sure	We have had some really unpleasant rooms in NYC and were hoping for a good experience here- and we got it! The hotel was lovely and verywell situated for us; we got off our transatlantic flight and took a nice hot bath, felt great!We were given a lovely huge room on the 11th floor, but it was right next to the elevator and sounded like being above the subway- much too noisy for us. We went down and they could not have been nicer about exchanging, gave us the keys to 3 rooms and told us to pick. We selected room 630 facing Park Avenue, even bigger than the first, with a small hidden kitchen facility- perfect for keeping drinks cold or snacks handy. I could not have been more pleased. I am super sensitive about smoke scents and I did not get a whiff, I was worriedabout what a prior reviewer noted. NYC is certainly expensive for hotels but this one was a gem, excellent value for the price. Loved the bedding and the staff, the nice view along Park and deep bathtub.My only nit-picks would have to be the in the bathroom- someone did a lousy job painting the bathroom door and left a swipe on the tiles.Sink had think cracks, which seemed unacceptable in a room of this caliber.But for sure this is our new NYC base and we feel very fortunate to have found it.	
Apr 4 2007 	The Regency is a excellent choice in NY	Excellent location for Park Ave , 5th Ave etc., friendly staff, classic oversized rooms, and a terrific service. The afternoon tea at the Library is the best way to rest after a busy day.	
Apr 1 2007 	Avoid the lower floors	Reviews calling this a slightly faded beauty are correct. Dull but safe uptown location, big rooms, HD TVs, friendly staff, near lots of attractions and subway and a short walk to the park. Big warning: the lower floors are used for movie interview sessions where thousands of cigarettes are smoked. The result was my 3rd floor room absolutely stunk like a thousand dirty ashtrays. The industrial air purifier in each room seems like a perk until you realize that it is fighting a losing battle to the stench. Even smokers will want to insist on a higher floor or a non smoking room and step outside.	
Mar 15 2007	Great hotel	We stay at this hotel on an annual basis for with our Show dog for the Westminster Kennel CLub dog show at Madision Square Gardens each feb, The staff is very friendly, welcomes us back each year and our precious poochies, Loews truly does love PETS. The One bedroom suites are lovely and massive in size, a great little kitchen ( fridge Microwave, sink, small oven , kettle) comes in handy to store your little goodies, The Library in the lobby is a great place for a quick bite or late night snacks and drinks, All the doormen and front desk staff greet you each and every time you enter the hotel. The location of this hotel is amazing, you can walk almost anywhere, and getting a cab is no issue at any time. The rooms do not come cheap $850 a nite for a one bedroom suite, but this hotel is worth every penny...	
Feb 17 2007 	Terrific Spot	My husband stays here for business one or two nights at a time, about 8 times a year. He travels weekly across the US so he's been in a lot of hotels. The staff here is very pleasant. The rooms are big compared to many other NY hotels of the same price range. It is a unique place in the city and just the right size to offer enough amenities and personal attention. It is always our first choice of hotels if we are traveling together and we want to stay in mid-town.	
Jan 31 2007 	Great stay at the Loews Regency	I am sitting in my bed at the Regency as I write this review :)My trip to NYC started in another hotel, which was pretty dirty. I was ready to get the heck out of that property and over to the Regency!Check-in was fast, even though there was an error in my reservation which was NOT the hotels fault.I stopped by the concierge to ask a few questions. They were funny and both had kind eyes. That sounds funny, but you know you can just feel when someone is genuinely nice.I head up to my room and was so happy when I walked in! I believe my room is a standard room. It is decorated in a minimalist decor, which I love. Loads of space, lots of counter space, 2 closets and large tub. The 'desk' is really a marble counter that extends the full width of the room. There is a large plasma TV, stereo, and Bloom bath products.The robe is great... and I never bother with robes. It is silk with a soft terry lining. Water pressure is excellent. Bed is HARD. I have a Select Comfort at home and generally I find hotel beds to be hard, but this one is really firm. Beautiful linens.This room is SPOTLESS. Possibly one of the cleanest I have ever been in (out of hundreds).I don't usually let anyone in the room once I check in... no housekeeping, no room service, no turn down. I just don't like it.Today housekeeping was in the neighboring room when I got back (1pm). The lady practically begged for me to let her clean my room. I went ahead and let her. She was just the nicest lady... very concerned for the guests in her rooms. Again, it did not seem fake. I tipped her very well, but I don't really think she was expecting it. Really. I met a guy (in a suit) in the elevator that was talking to the cleaning staff and I asked him what he does at the hotel... he INSPECTS the rooms after they are cleaned! Maybe that's why they are so spotless.The mini-bar is not electronic, so I was able to run down to Whole Foods and buy food for my whole stay and stick it in the fridge. Great... I hate eating out.There is a 24 hour mini-mart just around the corner for last minute purchases. Free hot chocolate (very rich) was at the elevator each evening, apples too.The doorman were really very nice as I walked in and out during the past few days. I attended a Departures magazine presentation yesterday and they were talking about 5,6 and 7 star (YES!) hotels. They were trying to explain to us the values of the very rich.Well, I am probably one of the least demanding travelers... I need a good location and I expect a clean, clean room, good amenities, services and quality furnishings. This hotel meets all my simple requirements Genuinely nice employees are a bonus!I hope I get to stay here again.	
Jan 9 2007	Tired Looking Hotel Passing off as Luxury - Good Location	This hotel is very nicely located on 61st street at Park Avenue - easy walking or subway distance to most places in Manhattan.The lobby is attractive, large and inviting. The room we stayed in was large for NY standards and you could tell it was decorated nicely and it was a luxurious room a few years ago - however, it's tired and shabby and needs a facelift now. Maybe this is because pets are allowed? I don't know the reason but a renovation is in order.I don't really have any complaints about the hotel or service but I didn't deem this as luxury.The bathroom was fairly large but again needed a facelift. The bed was comfortable and the room had all the mod-cons.	
Dec 27 2006 	Lovely ambience very friendly staff	My husband and I and our two small dogs have just spent a couple of days at the Regency and I would do it again. This is not an inexpensive hotel. Valet parking alone is more than $50 per day and tipping is expected and expensive. (When my husband handed the doorman a $20 bill, asking for change for the tip, the doorman gave him back a $10.00 bill!) But, the room was very nice and a good size with tasteful decorations. Room service was prompt and efficient. My dogs enjoyed the Loew's Loves Pets menu. The location is excellent and the staff is very pleasant. Overall, an enjoyable experience that I would repeat again, but as I said before, it is not even remotely for the budget minded.	
Dec 27 2006	Very classy hotel	We had a free certificate for a Loew's hotel because of a bad experience at another Loews hotel. This hotel is just lovely. The lobby is understated, the staff very, very welcoming. The room was gorgeous--nicely appointed with home touches, something you would see in Metropolitan Home or Elle Decor Magazines for a master bedroom. The room was huge was an entry way which included a large closet and large bath with double sinks, a separate shower and deep bathtub. The room had several chairs, a lounge, king bed with lovely linens. We were given a nice fruit bowl and two bottles of Fiji water and Hannukah chocolates at turn down. The location is wonderful. We were able to walk to Lincoln Center in 20 minutes at a leisurely pace. It was a most pleasant experience and Loew's redeemed itself.	
Oct 17 2006	Everything about this hotel is fabulous	This hotel is one of the best in New York. Very friendly staff, from the doormen to the concierge!! Beautiful comfortable beds.Close to everything!	
Oct 1 2006 	A fantastic hotel	This hotel is in a great location, especially for the subway and Bloomingdales! We did recieve a room upgrade which might effect this review but the staff were very friendly.When it was very cold outside, quite often in February, they have free hot chocolate and marshmallows in the lobby (next to the lift)They will store your bags for free if you have to check out.	
Sep 23 2006 	The Regency On Park Avenue is good but a boost is needed	I've stayed at The Regency On Park Avenue too many times to count, and I've always enjoyed the hotel, even with minor quibbles. My stays are the result of business trips. I've noticed that Loew's, which owns the hotel, has placed its name in a more prominent place alongside the words The Regency Hotel. This month my stay was for one night, over Thursday and Friday,I rarely think of Loew's as a luxury-oriented chain, and I think that's the reason things are not as terrific as they once were at The Regency.The bathroom toiletries are less deluxe; seemingly Loew's generic; whereas The Regency used to provide high-end toiletries. The towels are still good; the bath towel is especially fluffy and large.I was stunned to hear, at around 8 a.m. Friday morning, women from Housekeeping knocking on doors on my floor. That's absurd and much too early. This never happened as recently as 2005. And it should not happen at all. The woman tapped on my door and I ignored it. She even tried the door, but the extra &quot;chain-like&quot; security catch was linked, so she couldn't get in.The Reception Desk personnel were friendly, but not quite deluxe. I did not avail myself of the Concierge. The various uniformed gentlemen at the front door were always friendly and provided greetings. They were a little understaffed on Friday afternoon when I needed to get a cab to the airport.The bed was good; the air conditioning/heat fan system worked well. The room was quiet, clean, and pleasant. It was a standard room consisting of a very large and comfortable bed, crisp sheets, dresser, mini-bar (yes, nuttily overpriced), desk, and good size closet. The carpet was fine, although a cosmetic cleaning wouldn't hurt. The view out my 12th floor window was pleasing. I was away from Park Avenue, so the silence was golden. My biggest complaint was with Room Service, which actually blamed a longer waiting period on - get this - the fact that it was raining outside. What? Were they sending out for the food? Food was promised in one hour - ridiculous since the kitchen knows the menu and the foodstuffs are on the premesis. I've always found 30 minutes to be the norm at high-end hotels. I ordered Room Service at around 9:30 p.m.As for the food, well it failed. I ordered a bacon and turkey club sandwich, but it really wasn't a club sandwich at all, but two very large slices of toasted Italian bread with the dull and lifeless sandwich items within. The bread was too thin, thus it was hardish. The sandwich was cut in two sections and was more a panini than a club. My French fries were coolish. Is it so difficult to provide HOT French fries. And I hate cold or cool French fries. The sorbet was fine, well-chilled in a bowl set over ice; therefore it didn't melt as I hate my entree. The chicken soup was good, but not plentiful. And, of course, there was the absurd &quot;delivery fee,&quot; which I have found, still find, and always will find offensive. Are we able to go down and get the food ourselves? It isn't called ROOM SERVICE for nothing. This fee is actually an insult. I don't mind the normal 16%, 17%, or 18% tip fee - you live with it, but this delivery fee is so tacky.The Regency has a great location with quick steps to Madison or Fifth Avenue. One big problem is that if you want your own &quot;corner store&quot; or &quot;deli&quot; service, you won't fnd any along this stretch of Park Avenue or even a block up on Madison. I tried. You'll need to walk over to Lexington or maybe Third. The shops on Madison begin their high-end run, with Barney's anchoring a corner. The Regency is around 62nd Street and Park.Look, I consider myself fortunate that my work allows me stay in deluxe hotels. There are people who never even travel, let alone get to stay so well around the country. But, hotels that promise luxury need to live up to that claim. The Regency is slipping. My room was clean and pleasant. But overall, the hotel itself needs a little boost. High-end means luxury. And that's what I used to expect and once received from The Regency. It should make a return. Better toiletries in the bathroom would be a start. This stay was average, not wonderful. Definitely not Four Seasons style.	
Sep 10 2006 	great location worn out hotel	this hotel has a fabulous location on Park Ave. a block from the best shopping on Madison Ave. Prices are pretty decent for the size of the room, location and NYC in general. Staff are courteous and friendly by NY standards.We had a verly large 1 bedroom suite. The hotel just was not well-maintained or clean enough. There were two phones in the room that did not work. A doorknob was falling off. The hallway carpet was stained and worn and the room was dusty. Housekeeping was very weak when we were there - i.e. they do not throw out an empty soda can unless you put it directly into the trash. Bathrooms are very small....we did have two.I would pay more and stay in a better hotel next time....or even the pay the same and stay someplace like a W that would have a newer, fresher feel.This place is really stale. It's a shame. It has real potential b/ of the location and size of the rooms..	
Aug 31 2006 	A nice experience	We stayed at The Regency for 5 nights. The weather was not the greatest, but I can't fault the hotel on that. ;)We stayed in a Luxury Room which was of adequate size for two people. Unlinke others who have noted a &quot;worn out&quot; look to the hotel, we did not find any issues with my room. The bed and sheets were very comfortable. The bathroom was nice, but a bit on the small side.The concierge was fairly helpyful when it came to restaurant and sightseeing recommendations. The doormen were very attentive on weekdays (when the business travellers were there), and less so on weekends (when the families were there).We did not try the room service as it was quite pricey. The cleaning staff was courteous for the most part with the exception of the incident below.We were in the process of changing clothes just before dinner time to go out in the evening, and without any knock or warning, the cleaning lady walked into our room. I let the concierge know about the incident, but they did not really do much other than say &quot;Sorry&quot;.One tip ... if you want to use the Internet there, purchase an daily access pass or multi-day access pass directly through WayPort, and not through the hotel directly. We paid $8/day for the Internet, rather than the hotel's rate of $15/day.The nicest touch was the free umbrellas provided at the door one rainy days. They are very nice umbrellas.	
Jul 19 2006 	Fantastic Hotel!	My husband and I stayed for two nights and this hotel was perfect for us! Everything from our large room and the hotel staff were terrific and we honestly didn't have a single complaint. The hotel offers lemonade during the day and when we went to get a glass it was finished. It just so happen a hotel staff person saw that we didn't get any so he called to get more lemonade made and then he called our room to inform us the fresh supply was ready for us! Every single staff member we came in contact with during our stay gave us such good attention and service.Our favorie part of the stay was our amazing large bathroom. It was probably bigger than most NYC apartments. It even had a small television in there! The best part about this room was that we used our reward points to stay and we still were able to get this spacious room. The Regency Hotel is also within walking distance to many attractions. We couldn't have picked a more perfect hotel for our weekend getaway. We look forward to coming back soon!	
Jul 17 2006	Regency.. A Winner!	We stayed at the Regency July 7-9, 2006. The hotel is located at Park Avenue and 61st street. The location is excellent if you want to be minutes from Central Park and the upscale shopping on Madison and 5th Avenues. The hotel is very clean, the rooms spacious (for NewYork) and comfortable. The bedding is great! Feinstein's, the restaurant in the hotel is beautiful, but very over priced like most hotel restaurants. We enjoyed a yummy breakfast at Viande dinner located just around the corner on Madision. Lunch at La Goulue is a French Bistro treat (on Madison at 64th street). Go on Sunday for the brunch. It's expensive ($38.00 pp), but it's delicious. A great italian restaurant was recommended by the concierge. It's called La Scientalla. Huge portions. Share your entree. Excellent service in a high end neighbourhood restaurant. I usually stay at the Omni, but I prefer the quiet luxury of the Regency.	
Jun 11 2006	Sad and Tired	Surprised to see all the excellent reviews for this hotel. While the staff were very nice, the rooms are old and tired. In the king deluxe room, the bathroom is very small. There is only one sad chair...fine if you are alone on business but a little awkward when traveling as a couple. The wallpaper in the room was a mess and it obviously had not been replaced in along time. The furniture is also quite worn. If you are going into the city on a weekend there are much better hotels for the same money. On the positive side, Feinsteins at the Regency is a great place to hear live music in a very intimate atmosphere.	
Apr 10 2006	Great Stay--Perfect for Kids	We stayed at the Regency for three nights in April. We traveled with our 2 1/2 year old child. PERFECT HOTEL FOR KIDS in a city environment--within quick walking distance of the park (Zoo, flying horses), FAO, Dylan's candy bar etc. The staff was incredibly friendly, especially to our daughter. They gave a gift upon arrival, a welome basket for kids and a nice amenity as well. We were staying in a standard room and found the room to be spacious by city standards and very clean. We didn't feel cramped even with a crib in the room.The bathroom is small but well appointed. We really had no complaints at all about our stay. It is not the Ritz but you aren't paying Ritz prices. The overly nice staff makes up for it and they were more than willing to offer great suggestions for dining or child-friendly excursions.	
Mar 29 2006	Love this hotel!	My family and I stayed at the Regency for 4 nights and we loved it so much! We had 3 rooms but 2 of them were corner room and it was very big beautiful room. We loved the &quot;library&quot;(bar, tea room &amp; salon, I guess) and my grandmother and I hang out there before we go out for dinner. One problem we had was that one one of the room key was not working well and my father couldn't enter his room for a few times. Everytime, they need to fix the room key card but he had to go down for 3 times and that was not pleasant.. But besides that, we adored this hotel. You really get the upper side new york feeling.	
Mar 19 2006 	Perfect Manhattan!	We've stayed at the Regency several times during the past couple of years. Our very first visit made us loyal and each return visit has been better than the last! The location is absolutely perfect and the staff is amazing. During each visit we've seen movie stars, sports stars or famous politicians. I've heard that among celebrities it's known as &quot;Hollywood East&quot;. I guess if it's good enough for them . . . it's good enough for us. There may be a nicer hotel somewhere in Manhattan but after 15 years of searching we have't found one. We're always nervous that if we recommend a hotel to friends, perhaps they won't like it as much as we do. This is one of three hotels in America that I'd recommend without hesitation. Several friends have actually come back and thanked us profusely for letting them in on this New York &quot;secret&quot;.	
Mar 18 2006	nice hotel very expensive	nice hotel. very expensive. staff were very accomodating. The rooms were quite spacious. The hotel carpet in our room needed to be replaced. The hotel is very nice, but too expensive for what you get. The	
Mar 9 2006	This was my 10th stay here	I have stayed at the Regency at least 10 times in the last four years. The staff is so friendly and I have stayed in the average room and in a couple of the suites. The hotel is vintage and therefor all the rooms are slightly different. I have always had good experiences here and occassionaly have seen a few celebrities which obviously chose the property because they value your privacy. Hot chocolate in the winter and lemonade in the summer!!! My favorite hotel of all in the Big Apple!	
Feb 28 2006	Good but not great stay....	After much research on where to stay in NYC, we chose the Regency because we wanted to try a hotel on the Upper East Side. When my husband and I first checked in we inquired on the type of room we would have. We had a standard but could buy 120sq.ft. for an additional $40 per night. We decided to check out the room first and decided to stay, figuring we wouldn't spend a lot of time in the room anyways (which we didn't).The room furnishings are nice and for New York standards the room wasn't that small. My only complaint is the bathroom. The bathroom was small and also very warn. The bathroom door was chipped and corroding at the bottom. Another review mentioned a seperate tub and shower, not in this room. Plus there was mold in the shower soap holder. Okay, one more complaint, it was more the norm than not to see housekeeping carts and room service trays in the hall way that was never vacuumed.Our other beef is with the price of room service. We knew it wouldn't be cheap, but these prices are almost gouging. If 2 people ordered 1 hamburger a piece, the price would be $60 and that is without tax and without something to drink - ouch.However, after saying that, our stay was nice. The location is wonderful and the staff, were very friendly, helpful and accomodating. But, next time I think we'll return to Midtown and stay at the Sofitel, where we have stayed before and thoroughly enjoyed it.	
Feb 17 2006	Loved the Regency	Our first room was small and dark and the bathroom lights did not work. After pointing that out we did get an upgrade to a fantastic room. Staff was more than willing to help and very responsive. We stayed during a very cold period and the hotel had a really wonderful hot chocolate stand in the lobby....And it was GOOD hot chocolate. Very near Central Park. It's a good walk to the theater district but that was fine.	
Feb 3 2006	Wonderful experience!	We, my two daughters, my mom and I, spent a Saturday night at the Regency, and could not have enjoyed our experience more!!! From the very first phone call to the Regency, to when we left the hotel, we had impeccable service, and an unforgettable experience in NY!Our trip had been planned for my Mom's birthday, and was a surprise to her. We had an executive suite which allowed all of us to stay together, which was ideal. The living room area of the suite allowed all the family to gather for birthday cake after dinner, which was very relaxing and allowed all of us to be comfortable together. Brunch in the Library the next morning was quite a treat, and our waiter, everyone at the front desk, concierge desk, and the doormen were wonderfully solicitous, and provided excellent service. We would love to make a stay at the Regency an annual treat after this incredible experience.	
Jan 19 2006 	My favourite hotel	The Regency is my favourite hotel anywherre, I've stayed there four times and rate it very highly. The rooms are very comfortable, the maid service first class and I feel at home as soon as I lay my bag down.My favourite thing about the hotel is the gym. It is easily the best hotel gym I've used - if you like free weights it's ideal. Gym staff are (like all the staff) very friendly and helpful. To be walk in the gym for the first time of a visit (about 6 months after my previous visit) and be greeted by name by one of the guys working there really blew my mind!	
Jan 8 2006	Great Hotel	The Regency might be one of the best in city and possibly the country. The rooms and service were very good. We would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 11 2005 	Pretty good hotel but the service charge - ouch!	Stayed there for 3 nights. You don't expect any view at that location and there wasn't. And in the middle of NY city you don't expect tranquility either from the traffic or the heating / aircon. The room was very big (don't know if it's standard), bathroom didn't feel too small espeically with it's separate shower - the TV was a curiousity considering reception there is terrible. Housekeeping is excellent. The bed is fanstastic.Food is neither good nor reasonably priced and neither is room service at all fast. And yes, the 21% service charge, and $5 per person 'delivery charge', and of course the waiters still expect a cash tip on top... Although they try hard there's always something missing in the order, and since the simplest things take at least half an hour to arrive you just have to give up. I had a chilled seafood salad in my room - a whole, shelled lobster, 3 giant prawns (still 'shrimps') which were tasteless, and a mountain of shelled crab and salad. For a couple of dollars less I ordered the lobster salad in the Library, and you get half a lobster and a few leaves! And don't have the Amish chicken - it's truly uptight!Wired internet is a mystery, and I hooked up to an unsecured wireless connection - perhaps thats why my laptop isn't working now.The location is excellent for shopping, central park, museums and art galleries. The staff are courteous and try to please - I asked for a late checkout and they tried to oblige although they were full. Overall its a pretty good hotel - I'm just glad I was on expenses, and don't bother with the food.	
Oct 26 2005	Not luxury but good first class	Location is the best in NY. Hotel is very nice first class hotel; Home-away-home -type accommodation. House keeping is keeping the rooms very clean. Bathrooms have old tiles (back to building time?) but new stone floor and counter tops. A lot of high-quality towels which were changed daily. No ventilation in bathroom.Some parts are little dated and need some fresh-up.Room service breakfast is VERY expencive with automatic 21% gratuity. I have styed in many real luxury hotels but never met 21% tips. Is this a record high?	
Oct 6 2005	I feel ripped off!	I recently stayed at the Regency for 3 nights at a rate of $400. per night plus taxes. The room was dark and dingy. The sheer white curtains were beige, the windows weren't soundproofed and I just had the feeling that the room hadn't been updated in years. The bathroom was marble but all stained and the grout was falling out. I complained but they said no other rooms were available. Upon checkout, on my bill was a minibar charge of $50. that I refused to pay. I never opened the minibar but the receptionist said I was smart to catch it since most people don't! Hmmmm. Well, I won't go back there again.	
Aug 13 2005	A little sad about the Regency	We stayed in the Regency for 4 nights. I've stayed there before and encountered no problems, but this time was different. We were not able to check in till around 3:45 PM, though I had requested early check in. The room needed repair, though small, an area of the ceiling needed repair and the carpet in a small area needed repair. The closet door didn't work and one light didn't work as well. The stay went fine and the cleaning staff does an excellent job. I would not rate this hotel at this time a 5 star. I think it is time to update at least some of the rooms. I'm not sure, but we did get the room at a special rate and maybe that is why the room was a little less than expected and we had problems upon check in.	
Aug 8 2005	First time there we loved it	Stayed at the Regency for the first time for three nights in late July, and it was great. Location is great on Park and 61st, easy to walk to museums, shopping and Central Park. The room was very large and looked like it had been redone recently with high quality furnishings. The staff was very attentive and helpful. We typically stay further downtown in the East Fifties hotel area, but we paid no more for the Regency ($279 per night from their website) than we pay further downtown and the Regency is better than most of those hotels.	
Aug 4 2005	New Year at the Regency	I stayed at the Regency Hotel in Dec 04 and stayed for the new year celebrations. The hotel is set in an excellent location, literally a couple of minutes walk from bloomingdales and a subway station. Set on park avenue, you have the bonus of having that in the city feel but with a bit of calm on the side. At xmas time bloomingdales / fifth avenue shopping areas and especially saks can be extremeley busy - people queing up at 10pm at night to get a bargain! But as you turn the corner to your hotel you feel like you can really wind down. I found the rooms to be well maintainted, modern and very luxurious. we even had a balcony overlooking the city - fab!If you are visiting new york for new year it is great! We went to times square as felt it was a must but be warned you have to be there from 4pm to even get in and they don't really provide any entertainment while you wait, just an hourly countdown! If you do not fancy times square I would recommend the rockefeller centre. They had performances by Maroon 5, Duran Duran and also guest presenters like Jay Leno. The screens in times square kept showing the rockefeller centre and I have to say, we were jealous!The regency totally relaxed me at the end of many days manic sight seeing and i would definately recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 14 2005	Elegance on the East Side	My parent's 60th wedding anniversary was the occasion for our gathering at the Regency. We were all treated like kings, queens, princes and princesses. The service was excellent. The only slip was needing to get out room re-keyed when our keys no longer worked for some inexplicable reason. The hotel staff is very attentive and friendly, and make you feel like you belong there and are not just a visitor. Overall the hotel is rather expensive and the restaurant was very pricey, so we only had one breakfast there. There were some reasonable eateries in the area, so it wasn't too hard to keep within a budget. However, the upper east side and the Regency is not the place to stay if you are on a tight budget. It is a great place to stay for a special occasion. We were all very happy with the hotel. My parents received complimentary Mumms champagne and some sweets. The location was good for shopping, Central Park jog or walk, and close enough to 5th Ave and midtown to get there by walking or quick cab ride. My travel agent warned that the older NY hotels can be &quot;tired&quot;, but that was not at all the case with the Regency. The whole hotel was well appointed and furnished. Since we had kids, our only room choice was a double/double. The size of our room was fine for four people with two closets, a kitchette, table and chairs and an upholstered sitting chair. I got to see the rooms with a king bed, and thought they were great and plenty big for two adults (i.e. leave the kids at home). I don't think this hotel has much to offer in terms of view rooms; we looked out over some rooftops. Nonetheless, the Regency is a well known and well-respected hotel, frequented by many celebs and &quot;power&quot; people. Consider it for a classic NY experience.	
May 24 2005	Attention deficit disorder	Maybe we got them at the wrong time, but the staff members at the Regency were not on their game when we stayed at this hotel.There were numerous times during our 5 day visit that we were not greeted upon arrival, or addressed as we left. I had to summon a cab for my family on four separate occasions. Every room on our floor had a newspaper at its door, every day. We got a newspaper at the door on two mornings. Bath robes? We lacked one, and requested it. The robe was delivered, and then retrieved the next day, without a replacement. I didn't think it was worth a $10 daily tip to get the thing back.Internet access is about $20 a day, and no one on site was able to explain the hookup protocols.The employees were kind and polite, and the majority spoke English and Spanish fluently.The room was well kept, and maid service was very good.The restaurant (&quot;The Library&quot;)serves an excellent breakfast, and the wait staff is completely attentive. The hostess provides free newspapers including foreign and domestic. (She was the most caring and competent hostess that I've EVER met in New York, in 25 years of traveling there.)I recommend the restaurant unhesitatingly. The hotel itself is a solid 3 Star Facility, and the experience does not encourage me to return. (Which is unfortunate, because we go to NYC frequently.)	
May 24 2005	Great location-- we never left the Upper East side.	We enjoyed the hotel and staff once our issues were ironed out at check in. We arrived at 11:30 AM and were told no clean rooms were available. We returned at 1:30 PM to be told the same thing. At 5:00 PM, we returned a third time only to be told that our room had been overbooked and that we would be moved to an inferior room that would include about a $25.00 daily rate reduction from $365.00 a day to $339. per day The manager on duty was very helpful and willing to correct our room problem when we spoke with him. He reduced our total stay to the reduced rate of $319.00/daily that we later booked as a weekend rate. He also arranged for a room upgrade since we belong to Loew's First. We spent one night in the smaller overbooked room and the remainder of the trip in a much nicer room at the lower daily rate of $319.00 per day. The room was very large for NYC. The 2 closets were perfect-- one was a walk in closet with a small safe. There are about 3 or 4 different places to sit in the room, although the bathroom had very limited space. We loved everything about the room except the 20+% rate added to the laundry bill that I was not aware of when I discussed the expense of steaming a veil and formal dress while at the hotel. Even with those two issues, the hotel is perfect for vacationers. I noticed lots of pets around the property that belonged to guests. It was cute. We would stay there again but we try to stay somewhere different each trip to the city. We have stayed at the Royalton and the Park Central back in the early 80's. Then in the mid 80's, we stayed at the Shoreham and the St. Regis Hotel. We have stayed at the Paramount, Parker Meridian and the Barbazon in the early 90's. All hotels offer something to meet the expectation for each visitor's taste. Check out this hotel or any of the others listed as well. All come highly suggested.	
Apr 22 2005 	Excellent Location	This is a lovely old hotel right in the middle of the &quot;right&quot; part of Manhatten. When we first arrived we were given a massive 1st Floor room facing Park Avenue. After a very noisy night we were moved without hesitation to a suite on the 20th floor facing the cross street, which was much quieter.The early morning guided walk of entral Park is a lovely way to start the day, as is Breakfast in Feinsteins.If you prefer more intimate 'family' run hotels this is the one for you in NYC. If you like corporate branded sterile blandness then the W is only a few blocks away...Excellent staff, Excellent location, Excellent Value for money.	
Mar 23 2005	the best so far	weve stayed in new york five times and so far this has been the best hotel yet. Staff are very friendly and curtious. Room service very good, clean and tidy and nice spacious rooms. would definately go back again	
Mar 8 2005	loved the regency	this hotel is perfect. the rooms are clean , well furnished , but not extravaganza; just right.In the bathroom, there is a bath and a big showerseparate .The bed is a dream.the staff is efficient and friendly.The room service is quick, and the food is fresh,and excellent.In this hotel the atmosphere is joyful and jazzy.	
Jan 9 2005	Wonderful as usual at the Regency	We are frequent visitors to New York City and like to stay in modern, luxury hotels that are in nice, convenient locations. Often we travel with our 14 year old daughter and our beloved 4 year old terrier, so we are looking for places that are welcoming to kids and dogs! The Regency fits the bill on all counts. Our last visit was over the Christmas holiday. We arrived on Christmas eve and stayed for three nights. We had a deluxe luxury king which turned out to be one of the largest rooms I have ever stayed in in the city. The furnishings were tasteful and classically modern, sophisticated but not cold. There were plenty of places to store clothes (and we travel with a lot), books, etc. The room had a large desk, table and small banquette, and in another area, a comfortable chair with a great reading lamp.The bathroom was not particularly large, but well appointed with plenty of counter space. It also contained a large tub and separate shower stall with European fixtures - great for us since by husband likes to bathe and I shower.Although quite full, the hotel staff couldn't have been nicer, although the service was a bit slow in the smaller library like cafe where we ate breakfast.There is also a great fitness facility at the hotel, free to guests. If that is important to you, than this one does a good job of providing many extras (yoga mats, fitness balls, etc.) that you don't get in all hotels.We have stayed here a number of times and will definitely return again.	
Dec 14 2004	Decent but not great	Got a luxury king room with Park Ave view. The lobby was nice and intimate but the elevators were very dark and unpleasant. Staff, in general, was hospitable, particularly the housekeepers. The room was quite spacious, but i would agree with others that the bathroom was a bit too small for a luxury property. Not a stylish venue, but the location is superb. Generally speaking, average experience and value.	
Dec 13 2004	Could do with a make-over!	For my daughters 18th, I thought a trip to New York and to top it all we would stay in a lovely hotel. I chose the Regency, Not a good move! First impression the lobby small and to be honest I thought a little glumy. Our room was dreadful it even had a disabled shower in it and a court yard view. (I was led to believe LUXURY KING was with street views). The room was not going to have our company that night so I asked for a new room. I was told the hotel was full, but I persisted and was offered another. This was an improvement but the carpet had some very bad stains and a tiny bathroom, it just looked dark and tied. The manageress (she was very sweet) and I think she knew the room was not up to scratch said she would try to find a better room for us the next day. 15 minuets later she did! So much for the hotel being full). This room was the same as the last minus the stained carpet! We had a so called kitchen only it had nothing in it except a sink, fridge 2 tea towels. no cutlery crockery not even a kettle. My other complaint was the absence of a coffee machine, surely New York 4*+ hotels can afford to offer their guests a warming beaverage after a long day out without paying after all there is no breakfast unlike most european hotels that cost the same. Overall we loved New York but not The Regency. Most of all I am upset because I told my daughter she was going to a posh hotel and I knew by her face she was disappointed. Did I also mention the carpets in all needed a good clean and the painted work brightening up.	
Dec 5 2004	Very Pleasant Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Regency Dec 1 through 3, 2004. Our room was very nice and the staff could not have been more accomodating. We usually stay on the west side but found that this location was very convenient. We would stay here again.	
Dec 2 2004	A wonderful Thanksgiving	Stayed at the Regency for 5 nights over Thanksgiving weekend. Had a lovely, large room, well designed and well maintained. Excellent service all around; the maid left us a hand written Thanksgiving note, housekeeping was quick with requests, and the concierge was very helpful in arranging theatre tickets and restaurant reservations. I thought the room service food was delicious, but I would note that service was slow (the hotel seemed very full over the holiday). A great location for walking everywhere. I left some personal items in the room, and realized it while at JFK waiting for my flight. I called and spoke to housekeeping and they sent someone right away to our room; the items were received by FedEx two days later. Would happily stay here again.	
Nov 10 2004	Service nightmare	Rented suite for 890 per night-because they allow pets, we had eye irritation from the room: requested one day laundry service and no laundry returned-called that night more than once, finally at 10pm someone told me I was not going to receive-I explained I was leaving in morning-they said they would get back to me and they did not-then next day they said they sent out that morning to a dry cleaner and would not be back-spoke to manager and he assured he would fedex me clothes-clothes not yet returned-have called hotel-no one has returned my call!Room service food not goodMost irritating is how they just don't handle any issue. I used to stay here regularlyNo more	
Aug 30 2004	Excellent Hotel	The Regency is an excellent hotel. After spending a few nights at the Westin Times Square, the Regency was quite refreshing. We spent two nights there on the 24th and 25th of August. We originally booked a standard king room with a courtyard view, (booked through the Loews Hotels website for $199.00 per night) however, upon arriving the front desk representative asked if we would like to upgrade free of charge to a luxury king room with a street view. The room was huge and had a small kitchenette, sitting area, table and chairs and a desk area. The bathroom had a TV and a phone! It was one of the nicest hotel rooms we had ever stayed in. The staff was excellent- the concierge even called the airline to confirm our flight beofer we left for the airport. The location is great- very relaxed neighborhood away from the hustle and bustle of the city, however, it is literally right around the corner from 5th and Madison Avenues. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 12 2004	A Designer's Viewpoint	The Regency has a pristine location in the Upper Eastside, a mere 2 blocks from the southeastern corner of Central Park, two blocks from Bloomingdale's, one block from Barney's and close to the many other designer boutiques along Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue. It is convenient for being near the museums, yet removed from the midtown crush. There are quite a few world-class restaurants nearby (Aureole could be seen from my room window) as well as excellent bistros and intimate local dining spots.Specifics: I stayed in a &quot;Superior King&quot; Room. It was on the 12th floor. The Bathroom was approx. 5 by 7 and a half feet--probably small for a luxury hotel but it had very nice modern appointments. The bathroom had floor to ceiling polished Botticino marble tile and the vanity countertop was granite with a generous porcelain undermount sink with modern faucets. The tub was generous (deep and wide) and the showerhead was powerful. There was a wall to wall vanity mirror flanked by side mirrors. There was a magnifying &quot;Shaving&quot; mirror and good lighting. There was a small counter TV as well as a phone in the bathroom. Amenities included a 1600watt hairdryer, a vanity set that provided cotton balls, ear swabs, kleenex and the hotel chain toiletries which included facial (glycerine) soap, bathing soap, lotion and shower gel. The hotel provided (4) large bath SHEETS which were plump and thirsty, washcloths, hand towels, good bath mats and a large cotton bathrobe. The bathroom had convenient towel bars, hooks and a shower grab bar--very thoughtful. The only negative in my bathroom was the lack of a fan. The Hallway: had a framed, full-length mirror (great for seeing the ball gown you will be wearing to the Met!) and a lighted hall closet with shelves. The hall closet had a convenient ironing board and iron and good hangers (including padded ones for the ladies fine clothing!). The bedroom closet was kind of small--2'6&quot; X5', but it had a personal safe-- great. The main room was approximately 23 feet by 13 feet--generous for a Manhattan hotel. It featured a generous, chenille covered club chair with ottoman. There was a pedestal table with (2) upholstered arm chairs--great for eat-in room service. The bed was flanked by (2) generous nighttables with glass tops and lamps. The mattress was firm but comfortable. The bedding was white waffle-weave matelasse with scalloped border-- discreet, elegant and clean. It was made of 80% cotton, 20% poly. It looked brand new but the label had 2003 written in ink on it by magic marker. The sheets were crisp but I was unhappy with the threadcount-- which I was unable to verify. I usually accept nothing less than 400 threadcount and these felt like 250--this is my only serious bedding criticism, but one that a hotel of this standard should address. The pillows were awesome-- the hotel prides itself in giving you several options, and they were generously and attractively piled up on the bed. There was also (2) decorative Mohair neckrolls, a down comforter inside of a grey-colored fabric that I could not quite identify. This fabric was probably the one design choice I would not have made for aesthetic and other reasons. Across from the foot of the bed was a large and attractive bowfront entertainment center/armoire. This unit housed the 30&quot; Phillips TV, which had a convenient remote. There was also a mini-bar, stocked with all the usual suspects. Also provided is a goodie basket with items such as candies, bottled water, and dog biscuits--since the Regency is pet friendly. The basket items were as expensive as the mini-bar items. On the window side of the room was a wall to wall granite topped desk/executive area. This area ingeniously housed the room air conditioning unit which could be controlled by a wall thermostat. The desk area had a multi-line phone, keyboard for internet (which was interactive with the TV Screen), Regency guestbook/service guide. Best of all in this area, there was an executive swivel chair on rolling wheels with fabric upholstery. Draperies consisted of a cornice board running the width of the room with thick draperies and another set of sheer draperies. These were easily adjusted by pulling a wand and sliding the draperies along the track. The bedside also featured another multi-line phone and an alarm clock/radio. Other details: the room had crown molding and attractive carpet. The walls were covered in a wallcovering that was visually soothing-- slightly textured to appear like plaster. The artwork consisted of several black and white photographs of natural themes--flowers, trees, etc. in attractive black frames. The furniture was all rich mahoganys-- slightly masculine with stylish contemporary brass pulls. The overall color scheme was sandy tones/puce/taupe-- what I call Armani or Bergdorf Goodman colors. The overall impression was discrete, elegant and hip. Other comments- The hotel staff was friendly and professional. The hotel manager was also helpful and was always on top of things--he was actually managing. The only complaint I can think of was minor--for some reason, they were unable to make me French Toast for breakfast, even though it is on their breakfast menu.Overall, the Regency was an outstanding hotel--first class accommodations, service, and location. I have now found my home for when I come to Manhattan.	
Aug 11 2004	Terrible service	The room was comfortable but the front desk personnel all the way up to the manager were quite rude for even the smallest things such as access to the business center (incidentally, internet access is a pay per minute use, in this day of free wi-fi access everywhere, who has heard of this?!).For the price I stayed ($250/night), the service was lacking by far. Stay at a Hilton or W instead.	
Aug 7 2004	A very nice hotel	I had a suite, and it was subtly decorated, luxurious, very comfortable. You know it's a good hotel when your bathroom has a TV and a bidet. The bed was very comfortable, had a nice view of Park Ave. Convenient location. Great restaurants nearby. On the pricey side, but it's NY. Good CD system as well. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2004	Loved the Regency	July 15-19, 2004I have stayed at plenty of 4 and 5 star hotels in the past, and the Regency on Park Avenue was by far one of the best. Went to meet my mom to spend a last &quot;girls&quot; weekend together before my wedding - the hotel couldn't have been more perfect. It's prime location on Park Avenue is one street over from Madison Avenue, and 2 streets over from 5th Avenue (the heart of NYC's shopping district) made it perfect for full days of dress fittings, sale shopping, visiting museums and posh nights on the town at all the chic restraunts. (Try Park Avalon on Park Avenue for a quasi formal, intimate dinner, the Coffee Shop in Union Square for a quick bite and Giesha, right around the corner from the hotel, for Asian fusion/sushi.) The staff at the Regency couldn't have been nicer, Julian at the concierge desk was fantastic, the check-in/out was prompt, room service was pretty quick(great morning coffee)the doormen were always smiling(one even did a rendition of singin' in the rain as he handed us an umbrella when it started to rain!) The only downfalls for the hotel - walls were a little thin, carpet in the hallways need to be replaced, and don't expect to get 2 double beds because you will get 2 twins(though very comfortable - and my emphasis on very - great sheets, fluffy comforters, and air conditioning that you can run all night without getting too cold or waking up in the morning with a stuffy nose, decorated in your typical hotel art nouveau style) I booked this hotel for $180 a night (stayed for 4 nights) for my mom and I on expedia and was blown away by how great it was (location, staff, comfortability) I usually stay at the Righa Royal for close to $500 a night, but I loved the Regency and would definity stay there again (especially with bargain fares like the one I got!)	
Jul 18 2004	Great service great location but ordinary and overpriced food	This hotel has a great location, right on Park Avenue, near a subway, in a great shopping area, and near Central Park.On a recent stay, the staff was wonderful, the room was large and clean and quiet, though, like another reviewer, I was baffled by the housekeeper who knocked on my door at 8:45 Saturday morning to &quot;check on the room&quot;.My only major gripe: Very ordinary food at very extraordinary prices. They told me their kitchen was in the middle of renovations so their menu was restricted but I had stayed there a year and a half earlier and the food was just was bad. Since the front desk staff upgraded me to a room with a kitchenette this time, I ended up buying OJ at a nearby market, rather than paying $7 a glass from room service. There are also great restaurants in the neighbourhood, so it's easy to avoid room service.	
Jul 17 2004	Disapointed In Canada!!!!	Hmm well for starters, my sister and i, and a friend had never been out of our hometown in canada!! so we thought it would be nice to go to N.Y!we made our reservations way in advance , for a smoking room for 3!! and with a nice view !! WELL!! when we got there we got a room with 2 single beds!! NO ash trays! and a view of crappy birck walls!! and we were made to pay for a cot for one of us to sleep on!! and it gets better!! the next afternoon when it was 97 degrees out we got stuck in there elevators for a hour!! which was not nice at all!! BUT they wanted to make it up to us so they upgraded our room to a suite on the Fifth floor ! with a beautiful view!! BUT!!!!! we were woken up 3 nights in a row at about 11:30 at night to be told that they were having complaints of the smoke !! it was NUTS!! and then to make matters worse!! when we left!! we had a $87.00 phone bill because we were charged $1.00 for all collect calls after we were told that there was only a $1.25 charge for local calls!! and there was no charge fro collect!! pretty smart aren't they!!! so to say the least we wont be staying there again!! but as for our trip in general it was great except the HOTEL!! for the money a person spends on a hotel in N.Y you shouldnt have to go through all that!! the only thing about that hotel that was good , was that the doormen were great and friendly!! so decidewisely when you pick a hotel!!Dissapointed in Canada!!!!	
Jul 12 2004	One of the best in NYC	I love this hotel and would stay again! As you may know, it is really hard to expect comfortably spacious rooms from the New York hotels, especially from those in Upper East or South of Central Park. But, you can find cozy, quiet, ellegant and spacious rooms from the Regency for reasonable rates!!The room was Luxury King on 2nd fl. It has a small kitchen, two walk-in closets, a marble working desk, a coffee table and a small sofa-type chair. The bed is well-decorated with ellegant pillows and a throw. Although the room is located on 2nd floor, the window is double-glass window so we could enjoy a quiet stay away from the nosies of streets. The marble bath is also well-decorated, well-prepared and spacious as well. The location is also great since Central Park is just two small bolcs away and designer boutiques on the Madison Ave are just one step away! Also, two small bolcs away from the station of yellow subway line, museum streets and upscale shoopings. Another good thing is that it seems recently renovated. I and my parents really enjoyed our stay and apparently have NO complaint about this hotel. The rate is also reasnable given this quality of stay. It is not as high as the genral rates of 4or5-diamod hotels. We paid ca. $300 per night and enjoyed more!	
Jul 5 2004	Regency not up to par	We stayed at the New York Regency Hotel recently. The room was very large, the bathroom very small with crumbling ceiling above the shower and black junk in the corners where the tile meets the tub. The hallways had dirty looking carpets. The location is nice on Park Avenue close to Central Park and Fifth Ave. Parking was $60. Breakfast was $110 for the five of us for bagels, juice and coffee (coffee was $5.50). There was a bug in my daughter's juice and they gave the wrong kind of bagel to my wife and daughter. For two rooms the weekend rate was $624.28 (inc taxes). We have stayed at Loew's Hotels in Coronado, CA and Montreal and they were nicer.	
Jun 28 2004	Nice hotel	Stayed for 2 nights in a suite and the room was beautiful! Very large with lots of amenities, 1 1/2 baths, kitchenette etc. Nice quiet area, but not too far short cab rides to mid town and walking distance to subway. food was excellent in the restaurant, especially eggs benedict for breakfast, not cheap though!	
Jun 24 2004	Halfway between the Hilton and the Four Seasons	I spent two nights at The Regency in October, 2003 on a discounted rate of $375/night for the Premium Grand Luxury Room, 400 sq. feet, the largest room before the suites start. The room was outstanding for the price, location, and of course considering that it is New York City. Very elegant couch, chair, bed, and desk. The bathroom was above average but not more than one would expect for a 4 star hotel. The room was showing the first signs of wear but hardly diminished from the experience. The hotel is typical for New York, however, in exorbanent charges for extras such as pressing service, mini-bar, and pay-per-view movies (the worst I have encountered - $12.98). The staff was professional but hardly coridal. They exhibited New York attitude and I can understand why those guests in other reviews who encountered trouble were unimpressed with the service. Housekeeping also woke me up both Saturday and Sunday morning when they knocked while we were asleep. Before I was awake enough to shout that we were still asleep, they opened the door with a bang when it hit the chain that I had used to lock the door. Essentially, this hotel provides exactly what you pay for. It is far superior to the typical 3-star business hotels of New York City, Hilton, Sheraton, etc. but does not equal the quality of 5-star classics like the Four Seasons and St. Regis which charge upwards of $500 a night at discounted weekend rates. 	
Jun 8 2004	Regency was Great		
Jun 3 2004	Gives NYC a terrible reputation		
May 30 2004	Worst Hotel Stay In 20 Years of Traveling		
May 28 2004	Two Thumbs Up		
Mar 24 2004	Loved everything if in New York stay here		
Jan 23 2004	Great Hotel if you like Park Avenue		
Dec 3 2003	Lovely hotel on Park Avenue		
Nov 3 2003	Clean and Spacious Rooms		
Aug 23 2003	Stolen items from room		
Jul 23 2003	Loved The Regency		
Oct 7 2009 	un business hotel per una vacanza di piacere		
Sep 30 2009 	La ubicación perfecta en pleno Manhattan		
Sep 5 2009 	Formidável!		
Apr 7 2009 	c'è di meglio!		
Jan 7 2008 	Habitaciones enormes		
