Nov 25 2009 	great location great hotel	i am just back from a 5 night stay in new york and stayed in the red roof inn with a large group of friends. i shared a room with 3 of them. bathroom was small enough for 4 girls sharing, but the size of the bedroom was adequate. hotel is spotless and rooms are cleaned on a daily basis. breakfast included-toast, cereal, bagel, juice tea and coffee. location is fantastic-around the corner from macy's and other major shops, broadway in walking distance. all sites close by. subway station two minute walk away. i will definitely be staying here again on my next trip to new york.	
Nov 24 2009 	Very pleased	Convenient location. Room felt new, was very clean (while I'm not the type to worry about a hair in the bathtub or a crack in a tile, I have pretty high standards), and while small, it was larger than I expected for NYC (e.g. plenty of room to walk around the bed). Service was fine, nothing special but no complaints (front desk, breakfast room and housekeeping). Only drawbacks I can think of were some noise from neighboring room (could hear TV but not conversation), the small size of the breakfast room (you may end up sharing a table), and some longish waits for the elevator - both minor points. Very good value (at least for what I paid, of course). If you find a price you like I highly recommend you give it a try.	
Nov 21 2009 	great hotel in central location good value for New York would use again	The Red Roof Inn was a great find we booked it after reading trip advisor reviews and it more than lived dup to our expectations.We stayed there twice inbetween a trip to Boston.The rooms where clean,quiet and spacious,beds very cmfy and bathrooms great with complimentry toiletries and hairdryer.There was an iron, board, i-pod dock and computer access if you needed it..The first room had a view of the Empire State building(floor 15.)When we travelled to Boston and we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel for one dollar per case per day which meant we could travel light.On our return the second room we had was bigger than the first with microwave and full size fridge. Breakfast was complimentary and was more than adequate,you could take breakfast back to your room if you wanted and help yourself to fruit to take out for the day.there was a coffee machine in the room with coffee,sugar and powdered milk and you could take tea,milk and sugar up from breakfast.Staff where helpful with concierge facilities and luggage storage on day of departure.We would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in New York.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good choice for people on a budget	I was walking towards the RED ROOF INN on 32st in Manhattan not knowing what to expect...the street was kind of dirty even by Manhattan standards...entered the lobby doors to fine a small but clean lobby..checked in and took one of the slow elevators up to my room..slow doesn't mean bad...just means when you are going to try and go to get coffee or check out on time...plan on leaving your room with plenty of time...the room was good for a solo traveler...a family would be in trouble...the bed was outstanding..the sheet and blanket were good...no static...bathroom fine..except one of your worst nightmares...shower filled with water while you try and get the filth of the city off you..soda machine outside was great because I could get a diet coke for a dollar....I recommend this hotel...my only real problem is a real one..there was a guy &quot;managing&quot; the breakfast that has zero manners and class....he shouted at older people in a way that actually scared people..if I was the manager he would have been fired so fast he wouldn't know what happened...I grew up in NY and I know some people believe NYers are rude...this Ahole is why..he hates his job...hates his life and he is going to make sure everybody who goes to eat there knows it..I was in the middle of trying to pure a cup a coffee and this guy moved the machine away from me so I couldn't fill it....somebody should explain to this guy traveling to NYC is exhausting...when we are trying to get ourselves ready in the morning for a day of trains, subways ,crowds, meetings, etc. we don't need his attitude...in an economy where it may take 4 minutes to fill his job I think they should...	
Nov 5 2009 	WONDERFUL TIME	Just back from Red Roof Inn,room is a good size for 2 people.The breakfast sets you up for the day,staff constantly replenishing food.The staff were lovely,so helpful,and always with a smile.This is where we will stay next time in Manhattan. The location is very good,so near to all the shops,restaurants,and the sightseeing tours.A gem of a find..	
Oct 26 2009 	Wow this place is really niceand at a very fair price!	I really enjoyed my stay at the RRI in NY,NY. The room was small but not TOO small. Nice,modern bathroom,plenty of clean towels,nice hot water. The staff was friendly and efficient. We had a problem with our air conditioning and they fixed it in about 7 min. Our room faced a beautiful building across the street. The neighborhood was busy and full of great restaurants and easy to get to attractions.	
Oct 22 2009	Engagement Trip	The Red Roof Inn was a great central location for my future husband and I to stay. Located in the center of Manhattan, the central location made it easy for us to go to all the touristic sights. The hotel itself was not, in our opinion, a 5 star hotel by any means; however, it served its purpose for the convient aspect of it. We would recommend The Red Roof Inn for people who do not want to spend a lot of money on transportation.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Stay...	My husband and I recently returned from a visit to New York. I am from NY and went back to visit some friends and family. Part of our stay was at the Red Roof Inn, Manhattan. Upon arriving at the Red Roof Inn, we were pleasantly surprised to see a really nice facility. The hotel is located very conveniently in Korea Town, close to the train station and walking distance to Times Square and Midtown Manhattan. It was the perfect location. The lobby is small but very well maintained and there is a restaurant that serves free continental breakfast in the morning. There is also a great concierge who is available from 8a.m.-8p.m. daily. The front desk was wonderful and even allowed us to check in early. Our room was really nice. We were located on the 14th floor and had a great view of the city below. Our room was very spacious and we had a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker. The bathroom was a really good size with plenty of room to store all of our stuff. There was also a nice big closet. We had a terrific stay at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan and highly recommend it.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great base for exploring New York	Having spent alot of time searching for reasonable priced hotels, we chose Red Roof Inn based on the good reviews on this site. The hotel was spotless, rooms and communal areas alike. Our room (no. 911) was a good size - king bed, armchairs, desk, and was ample for the 4 night stay. Contrary to some reviews, we had no problems at all with outside noise. The air con was perhaps a bit noisy, but worked perfectly and didn't stop us getting some good kip.Breakfast was ok, although not award-winning! It was free, and if you treat is as a bonus rather than an expectation then it's fine... when the breakfast room was busy, we just took coffee and doughnuts back to the room, then had some proper brunch later on.The location was great as a base for sightseeing. 2 blocks from Empire State building, easy walking distance to Times Square, down to Flatiron district. Really only a 20 minute walk down to Union Square and the top of Greenwich Village. For further afield, the subway station (Herald Square/32nd) on the corner of the street was well connected.The street is named Korea Way and is a bustling, yet very safe street with some fantastic Korean restaurants... try the Korean Barbeque at your table in any of these for around $25 per head and you won't be disappointed.I would recommend this hotel as a good base for your sightseeing trip to NYC, particularly if it's your first visit.	
Oct 9 2009 	We'd stay there again tomorrow 	We loved it! After comparing rates on many Web sites, we were SO happy with the Red Roof Inn. It was a perfect location for us: easy walking distance to many sights &amp; convenient to busses &amp; the subway. Our room was perfect, with a nice breakfast. I also would use the Applecore Web site: www.applecorehotels.com (Red Roof has its own as well.) The only thing that would keep us from going back? If their rates went up too much.	
Oct 8 2009 	A gem of a hotel in a great location in NYC!	This hotel looks newly renovated (not sure when it was renovated)! The registration dest employee was extremely cordial and helpful as were the consierge desk employees. We arrived before the designated check in time (almost 2 hours early) and was able to get right into our room! The room was beautifully decorated. Though it had 2 double beds, it was a bit small....but for NYC room sizes this was great. Our room was extremely clean and beds very comfortable. The room has a flat screen TV and a wonderful shower! The alarm clock was great as well - you can plug your ipod/mp3 into it. Included in the price of the room was continental breakfast each day. This breakfast suited our purposes, but wished it offered more. It offered bagels, donuts, cereal, yogurt, coffee, and juice. The day we checked out, the hotel stored our bags for no extra cost! We traveled by Amtrak to NYC and was able to walk to The Red Roof Inn from Penn Station! Great location, great, service, wonderful hotel! Worth the expense!	
Oct 8 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	My son (14) and I stayed here for a week this summer. The hotel was recently renovated and the room was clean, quiet, and well-appointed. There was a small fridge and microwave in the room which was great for snacks. We were very close to all of the subway lines and walking distance from great shopping and many attractions. The staff were very helpful ... the young ladies posted at the concierge were able to give good information about getting around the city and the best way to get there. There were many Korean restaurants on the block, but plenty of places within walking distance (a block or two). The continental breakfast provided a decent selection...we tended to get there close to the end of serving time and it was kind of crowded. For an excellent price (just over $100 a night) we were able to stay in Manhattan and have money to do all the fun things we wanted to do!	
Oct 4 2009 	Very Nice Hotel.	This Hotel was a very nice spot, this hotel is right in the Heart of NYC and in Korea Town this hotel is a couple of blocks away from Times Square and this Hotel is a nice spot i stayed on the 7th floor very nice bed had a King size bed and of course the room was kind of small but it was alright if u wanted to stay in... but its NYC who would? The only thing about this hotel is when i was checking out, The front desk clerk had to check the room for security reasons it only took a minute but it was ok so literally i would stay here again very people.	
Oct 4 2009 	Highly recommend	We really enjoyed our stay in the Red Roof Inn. The staff were warm, friendly and helpfull. Our room was spacious and comforbable and the self service breakfast was an added bonus. The hotel was ideally located near the Empire State building , Macy's , Penn Station,and Madison Square Garden.	
Sep 26 2009 	Well located great price	We stayed at the Red Roof for 10 nights and would definately stay there again. After reading other reviews of New York hotels we were expecting the room to be very small but it was absolutely fine. The location is very convenient, situated in Korea town only half a block from the Empire State, subway station at the end of the block (34th St) plus Penn Station only a ten minute walk and lots of bars and resturants all around. Other reviewers have found problems with the air conditioning and the breakfast facilities but our air con worked absolutely fine and we always managed to get a seat in the breakfast room and had our fill of doughnuts, bagels and cereal! The only slight negative we found was the lifts - very slow, which can be frustrating if you are on one of the top floors!	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent location very clean room friendly staff great price.	My husband &amp; I were at the Red Roof Inn for 3 nights in Sept. We were very pleased with the location, our room was ready and we checked in upon arrival at 1pm. Since we came into Penn station we could walk to the hotel, only 2 blocks. Maybe it was the location of our room in the hotel, but it was very quiet and we heard no street noise. We had a king bed, room is small, but that is standard for Manhattan hotels, only there to sleep, bathroom was very clean &amp; well stocked with the necessities. We got a AAA discount and the price was great. Would certainly stay there again and recommend it to friends.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice but never again	Had stayed at Red Roof previsously and thought I would give it a go again. The hotel itself is good, handy location, nice rooms and breakfast included which makes for good value. Unfortunately for this hotel it is located next to some 24hour bars which means sleeping is next to impossible - so all value is lost if you can't get a good nights sleep. In addition there seems to be a continuous collection of rubbish on the street from 9pm thru to 4am daily - so again sleeping is impossible due to truck and other noise. We resorted to sleeping with the TV and radio on in an attempt to drown out the noise.The fitness centre is basic at best, with some of the equipment not working and towles not replaced over the weekend. The reception staff are disinterested and don't make for a nice stay. The free breakfast has a good selection, but you will need to get lucky when trying to find a table in what is a very cramped serving area. Unless they can sound proof the rooms, I won't be staying again.	
Sep 18 2009 	NYC Christmas	We went to NYC early December 2008. We arrived the night of the tree lighting in Rockefeller Center, but I do not remember the exact date. The hotel was conveniently located 2 blocks from Penn Station. We took the train into Manhatten so this was perfect for us. The lobby was clean. The people behind the desk were nice. There appeared to be a bar/lounge that was attached to the lobby but we didnt go.The rooms were not big, but that is normal for Manhatten. For the two of us the size of the room was fine. The bed was very comfortable. No bed bugs-I always check! The bathroom was updated nicely. We had a view of the empre state building from our window. You could hear everything happening on the street, but it is NYC and I didnt expect it to be quiet. Now to the price...The room was around 300 a night. This is the most expensive time of year to stay in NYC remember and you will pay top dollar anywhere you go. We would stay again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Decent Hotel close to Empire State	We visited NYC on Sept 5th and 6th, 2009.Positives: 1. Proximity to Empire State (5 mins walk), Proximity to Subway station (2 mins), 2. Decent Location (Korea Town) and we didnt have any problem walking through the  neighborhood3. Friendly staff (front desk and bell hops) - they hold your luggage till you check in and  for several hours after you checkout.4. Good complimentary breakfast, but the breakfast lobby gets crowded.Negatives:1. The room with 2 beds that we were in was a bit congested for 3 people.2. The glass door in the restroom is transparent!General:We didnt face any bug problems nor did we have any problem regulating the AC	
Sep 13 2009 	Don't listen to all reviews	I almost didn't go here becasue of reviews about bedbugs, rude employees, and smoke smelling rooms. What I found when i got there was a nice lobby and a quick and efficient person behind the desk. The room is small but your midtown, what do you expect?!?! There were no bed bugs and the rooms didn't smell like smoke. My only problems were that the a/c unit wasn't working properly so we opened the window...there was no screen....on the 3rd floor , there were burn holes in the comforter, and no sign on the floor after being washed. (It's kind of slippery) but Overall I liked this hotel and I think I'll stay there again on my next visit	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location and Room	My husband and I stayed here Sept 3 - 6 to go to the Tennis US Open. We loved the location. Very convenient to walk a few blocks to get on the first stop of the #7 train to Flushing. I do believe they are other subway stops closer than the one we used, but we specifically needed the #7 train. The room was very clean and had a great bathroom. There are a lot of restaurants in the area, especially Korean ones. We would definitly stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice choice if you can get a good rate	I had been in the lobby and the bar of this hotel in the past when, attending a funeral, I visited relatives who were staying here; and based on that experience, I was not expecting much in terms of the quality of the rooms.However, the room I was given turned out to be nicer than I had anticipated. Very clean. Comfortable mattress. Nice, well-maintained furniture. Newish LCD tv. Friendly desk and housekeeping staff.I was already very familiar with the location, so it was perfect (2 blocks walk to Penn Station to catch AirTrain to JFK airport; plenty of Korean restaurants all around the hotel; near stops for most Manhattan subway lines; found an inexpensive next-day-service dry cleaners a couple of blocks away).Negatives:- paper-thin walls (I could hear every nuance of my neighbors making whoopie in my room and in the hall outside our rooms)- tiny room- room was dark (view of an office building next door -- no access to direct sunlight)- unable to adjust temperature setting of the air conditioner (choices were &quot;on&quot; and &quot;off&quot;), which was very loud while it was running- I believe the room was advertised at the Red Roof Inn website as having a refrigerator, but there was none in the room I was givenI paid $140 plus taxes per night, which is a great rate for Manhattan, especially with (slow) internet, breakfast, and phone service included. I wouldn't have paid over $200 per night for this hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	Very Good Hotel	My family stayed at the Red Roof Inn from August 22 - 31, 2009. The staff was very friendly and our room was very clean. Our room had two double beds, desk, two chairs, flatscreen TV, closet, in-room safe, in-room coffee, ironing board/iron, hair dryer and 3 drawer dresser - plenty of room to unpack our clothes and store in the dressers and put the luggage in the closet. We used the free internet in our room with our ITouch which was handy. When I needed to send a longer email, I would used the internet near the lobby for a nominal fee. The continental breakfast was basic (juice, coffee, bagels, pastries, bananas, apples, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal, toast) and the breakfast room can accommodate about 40 - 50 people at a time. A few mornings, I used the tray in the room and obtained breakfast for our family and we ate in the room. The location is excellent - 32nd St (very close to 5th Ave) in Koreatown which is a street full of Korean restaurants and is always busy. I returned by myself around midnight on Saturday night by bus (I'm female) and I felt very safe walking down 32nd St to the hotel because of the activity. I would stay at this hotel again; however, I would also consider the Hampton Inn on 31st St. My daughter and her three friends stayed there and this was also a great hotel - very tiny rooms (no dresser thus no place for clothes); better continental breakfast with hot buffet items and larger breakfast room; free internet in the lobby; and friendly staff. Their location was fine but their street was very quiet and as a Mom, I wouldn't feel comfortable if one of them was walking by themselves on the street - no activity on the street. Both the Red Roof Inn and the Hamption Inn offered excellent rates at $165/night and are great places to stay.	
Aug 18 2009 	Guest can't control air conditioner; staff is downright rude	Air conditioner did not work properly and consistently FROZE the room. When we shut it off (turning it to the warmest setting did nothing), the room got miserably hot. Calling down to the front desk, we were told the unit operated by computer only - we could not control it. Sometimes the front desk could restart the air, sometimes not. On the last night of our stay, we woke up at 3:30 a.m.bathed in sweat, and called down to the front desk THREE times. The clerk mislead us by saying he could probably fix the problem, but never did. He never offered to move us to another room. A large clunky portable fan was delivered to our small room, and it offered no relief. When we complained at check out, we were treated rudely and suspiciously. As a former employee in the hotel industry, I've never witnessed such a total lack of professionalism. We asked to speak to the manager and requested a refund for our last miserable night. He was unavailable, ofcourse, and the staff argued with us. When we finally reached the manager, he was as suspicious and disbelieving as his staff.	
Aug 18 2009 	Best deal in Manhattan"	After searching for two months for a reasonable priced hotel I came across the RRI Manhattan, it got pretty good reviews so I gave it a shot. For 4 nights my bill was $650.I couldnt find anything close for that price (that was a decent place). The hotel is in the middle of the main street in Korea town, that was different for me. Upon checking in my worries were gone. Lady at the desk gave us a free upgrade room becasue our original room was not ready. Hotel lobby is beautiful with a nice bar overlooking the lobby. We were on 10th floor with a great view of the Empire State Bldg. Room had a nice LCD flatscreen, free ethernet, microwave and fridge. Went to the corner store and stocked with beer for the weekend. Room and linens were clean except for some seeds in the bathroom, originally I thought they were bugs but not. I guess someone ate a bagel in the bathroom. Stairs are a little weird and didnt care for the continental breakfast but I usually dont. All staff were nice and polite, only complaint, slowest elevators I have ever been in, I mean really slow.	
Aug 14 2009 	Red Roof Inn - Try It!	Highly recommend. Hotel staff was pleasant, courteous, and accomodating. Rooms and the hotel - CLEAN. It was a last minute plan to travel to N.Y.C. for 3 vacation days. Someone recommended to my husband that they stay at the Red Roof Inn and are very pleased every time they go there. It was a very good experience for our family of four. We arrived 2 hours before check-in time just hoping the staff would hold our luggage and direct us where to park our car. To our surprise our room was available and they brought our luggage up to our room immediately. Wow! We reserved a 2 Double bed room. The room had limited area to walk, but that was fine. Bathroom good size. Free WiFi and my kids loved using their i Touch. Also, the location of the Red Roof Inn was very convenient to everything . Great location! My children enjoyed having their late night snack at Pinkberry(Yogurt Shop) which is across the street. A perfect healthy snack to end the day.. And the hotel also provides a continental breakfast each morning. The selection ranged from bagels, cereal, yogurt, donuts, juice and weak coffee.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very nice place for the price	We got a VERY good deal for a room at this time of year. Our room was EXCELLENT, the hotel was EXCELLENT, the breakfast was EXCELLENT, location was EXCELLENT, view was EXCELLENT (Empire State building view). We felt safe in our room, did not see any rats, roaches, or ANY bedbugs. The room was very clean, and we had plenty of soap, towels, shampoo, and lotion. We got free complimentary breakfast (choice of orange juice, coffee, cereal, yogurt, oatmeal, bagels, tea, buttered rolls, muffins). There is a fitness room, free Post and USA newspapers each day we were there. I WAS VERY SURPRISED STAYING IN NEW YORK AT A GOOD HOTEL FOR SUCH A GOOD PRICE!!!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	NEW YORK CANCELLATION	Excellent room and bathroom. Beds take up most of the living space. Large TV. Was disappointed that we had to pay if we wanted to play the Nintendo games. Breakfast is a great plus but breakfast room is small and somehow needs reorganising to fit in a few extra tables. We had no problem with the location being 16 blocks from Times Square and 3 Avenues from Madison Square Garden. Great AMC cinema on 34th Street to keep the kids happy.	
Jul 27 2009 	Unbeatable value! Too good to be true!	Stayed at the Red Roof for the week-end! Paying that price, I was a bit scared before I got there. All my fears quickly disapeared when I got there. Location is great! 10 minutes walk to Time Square. The room was very clean and confortable! Nice king size bed, flatscreen, Ipod stereo, In-room internet access, hot water on demand (Don't laugh, it's not always the case in 130$ hotels in NYC) and I had the Empire State building in my window (could not be closer...see attached picture...I did not use a zoom). The staff was nice (I was even able to leave a desert in the front office's refrigerator). Now, it's not luxury of course but at this price, it's way more than anything you can expect! Location and cleanliness for 130$ a night! WOW!	
Jul 23 2009 	thank god it was only for one night!!	I stayed at the Red Roof Hotel in NYC (Korea Town) for only one night at the end of June. I am so happy it was a one night only trip. When we arrived to check-in, we were a little early so they told us we would have to wait. That was fine, we explored the sites and returned at 3pm to check-in. After charging us an extra fee (for having 2 people in the room), although we had a clear receipt from cheaptickets which indicated it was a 2-person reservation, they told us we would have to wait while the room was cleaned. 30 minutes later we took the elevator up, only to enter a room that reeked of cigarette smoke. The window was wide open (contrary to the sticker that said it should remain closed) and someone must have been taking cigarette breaks on the roof, because it blew right in. The bathroom could have been cleaner. The staff was extremely unhelpful when checking in. The price was a lot higher for a hotel that really should be rated at 1-2 stars. I would not reccomend it.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Place to stay	I want to say that this was the perfect place to stay. Its was close to Penn Station and the downtown area. Room was well stocked and staff was great. We got in a few hours early and our room was already ready and we didn't have to wait. I will stay here again the next time im in NYC and i will tell my friends.	
Jul 17 2009 	Red Roof - no regrets	Stayed at RR with three teenagers and it worked very well. Great location, good Korean restaurants outside the entrance and good breakfast places nearby. Close to everything. Took shuttle from Newark airport to Penn Station and walked to hotel. Cozy cool little bar for a reviving drink efter a long day in Manhattan.	
Jul 16 2009 	Near downtown nice breakfast and good price	Near downtown, near subway and inside Korea Town!!!If you enjoy korean food like me and my family, you need to stay in Red Roof!Bbq, noodles, home made, supermarket, everything near the hotel.Ice cream and korean style bakery!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Very pleasant and well located -- great value for what I paid.	I was quite pleased with this hotel, especially given that we paid only $125 a night for it on a summer weekend. I thought the location was fabulous. It was only a few minutes walk from Penn Station, so it was very quick and easy to get to the hotel after I arrived in the city. A number of subway lines are located within a few blocks of the hotel, which was convenient, although we were so centrally located that we preferred to walk most places. Basically next door to Herald Square, which contains Macy's and other shops. A Pinkberry frozen yogurt stand is also across the street from the hotel, although we did not eat there.Room was very nice -- I could tell it was recently renovated. Bed was very comfortable, and I liked the flat screen TV. We were a bit put off that the bathroom door was made of frosted glass; if you are traveling with someone you do not know very well, this could be a bit awkward. Room was of a comfortable, although not overly large, size.We went down to breakfast only one of the two mornings we were there and were relatively unimpressed. We went later in the morning, so perhaps the options are more extensive if you arrive early. There were bagels and other pastries, instant oatmeal, juice, coffee, and yogurt -- but what I really wanted was a piece of fruit, which was nowhere to be found. Breakfast room was also very crowded, so I noticed several people taking their food/coffee back to their rooms to escape the insanity. However, given that it is free, the breakfast didn't bother me too badly, and my friend was perfectly happy with her yogurt and bagel with cream cheese.As others have mentioned, waits for elevators can sometimes be a bit long, but they were not nearly so bad as I feared. Worst was in the morning when everyone was going to/from breakfast and leaving the hotel for the day, and even then I'd say the longest I waited was perhaps 5 minutes. Front desk staff was courteous, if not overly effusive. I noticed that there was parking available for $25 a day, which is not bad for NYC; other hotels I have stayed at have charged upwards of $50 a day. The only thing that really bothered me is that the doors of the rooms are not thick at ALL. This was not a problem for 90% of the time that we were there -- the floors are small, so there is generally not a lot of foot traffic in front of your door. However, as we tried to go to sleep one night, some men where shouting in the hall (it sounded like two of them were ready to go and were trying to encourage their friend to hurry up) -- it sounded like they were in our room. Luckily, they departed fairly quickly, but I could see how noise could be a problem. You may wish to bring ear plugs or a white noise machine to be safe.	
Jul 15 2009 	An affordable clean safe and comfortable hotel in the middle of Manhattan...	I was apprehensive about staying in a hotel in Manhattan with such low rates ($109 per night + tax) but after reading the reviews and staying a night at the Red Roof Inn, I can say with no hesitation: STAY HERE!Red Roof Inn is situated in the Koreatown area of Manhattan, which is close to just about everything. I felt very safe during my visit and definitely heard no noise from my thirteenth floor room. And what a room it was: for such a paltry sum (by New York City standards), I got a microwave, mini-fridge, flat screen tv, free high-speed wireless net, a continental breakfast, and the enjoyable iHome was included in the room. The shower pressure was awesome (we all have our 'particulars' and that's mine!) and the bathroom was well-appointed. The service was great and the staff was helpful--even allowing me to check my baggage following my checkout, until I was ready to leave the city. My one very minor complaint would be that the elevators do take some time; it didn't bother me much, but some fast-paced travelers might find that frustrating.A wonderful location + a steal of a price makes this a wonderful choice for your stay in New York City. The subway is just a block away, and there is a delicious Red Mango yogurt store nearby, which I would highly recommend. I hope to make it back someday to both the store and the Red Roof Inn!	
Jul 15 2009 	Bed bug alert	I stayed at this hotel regularly for business trips. NO LONGER. I just discovered bed bugs when I stayed this month (July 2009). DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL - BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 13 2009	Good hotel in a perfect location	The Red Roof Inn is situated in a perfect location in Manhattan. The hotel has spacious, very clean rooms. Staff is friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast is far from European standards, but at least there is a breakfast! This hotel is perfect for a city break and offers good value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent Value for Family	This was our first trip to NYC. We brought our kids, ages 9&amp;11. The hotel was very clean and modern. The rooms were well appointed with modern furnishings and comfortable beds. Our room was on the 15th floor and had a very nice view to the south east. Location was very convenient to Subway and within walking distance to many sites such as the Empire State Building. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling on a budget. This hotel exceeded my expectations. Parking was available next street over for a discounted price of twenty-six dollars per 24 hours (good since parking is hard to find cheap in NYC!!). I felt very safe in the &quot;Korea Town&quot; neighborhood as well. We will be back!	
Jun 25 2009 	Location Location Location	Myself and my fiance (he was my boyfriend when we arrived in NY!) stayed here in January - I have only just got round to writing a review.We booked the hotel when the exchange rate was at its best but even though the money went up it was still the cheapest hotel I could find in the location. The hotel was clean and the room fairly spacious, but then who goes to New York and spends all their time in the room?!My only gripe was the heating. We stayed over the coldest New Year for something like 10 years and when the heater failed to work on several occasions I did get a little cross! But, maintenance were always prompt in coming to fix it and always did so with a smile.The location is everything, right by the subway or a 15 min walk to Times Square. I felt safe walking around at night (even when my fiance left me to run back to the hotel to go to the toilet at 11pm!).My advice would be if you can get this hotel at a good rate then do it. New York has become my favourite place in the world!	
Jun 23 2009 	Good hotel	Very good for its price. Clean and conveniently located.	
Jun 21 2009 	Loved the location	I was all fatigues &amp; jet lagged when i reached directly from a 16 hours flight from New delhi to New York. Trust me, the sight of the hotel was welcomming! I just crashed out in the most comfortable bed which reminded me of home! The hotel has small comfortable rooms which were fully equipped with internet, mini bar &amp; a great view. The best part of the hotel is the location! its bang in the middle of Manhattan with every big building &amp; business center in walking distance.I always stay in Red Roof. they have great deals on their website &amp; if you are lucky you might even get the room for lass than $200! Best of luck. All in all a great food with a great location	
Jun 20 2009 	Functional	I traveled with my wife and two daughters, 13 and 8, to NYC. This was our first trip as a family, on vacation, to NYC.The Red Roof Inn is very functional. The rooms are small by American standards. But what do you expect? It’s NYC. There are not many amenities - but if you want a lot of amenities, you probably aren't reading a review of a Red Roof Inn. This hotel is located in Korea town. There are plenty of guys hanging out selling knock-off purses along the street. At least they were in the summer of 2008.I tried to use the concierge. The young lady was useless. I also tried to use the internet, but I had a problem. I went down to the desk about twenty minutes later to tell the clerk I had problems and I didn't want to use the internet. I asked them to not charge me. The clerk was rude.It is close to the subway lines, THE Macy's, and the Empire State Building. I forget the square that is nearby, but I think it is the subway station where the red and orange lines meet.If you want to buy trinkets for all your friends back home, the souvenir store on the corner of 5th Ave and 32nd St had the least expensive trinkets.If you are on a budget, this is a good choice. Just don't expect much. It was fine for our first trip.	
Jun 19 2009 	The hidden jewel of Manhattan	I stayed for 3 nights in the Red Roof in Manhattan and I am thrilled! It is really central in Manhattan (practicly in front of Empire State). The rooms and the building is really new, and furnitured perfectly well, even with free WiFi.The breakfast is pretty good even for europeans :) The price is also really reasonable and I have talked with people booking the hotel for the Nth time and they report, that the conditions have always been that good. To sum up, an excellent hotel in Manhattan, 50 m from Epire State Building, new and fresh rooms, with modern furniture, with nice staff and delicious breakfast. I would definetely recommend and book the hotel anytime again. Thanks!	
Jun 13 2009 	Prefect base for visiting NYC	There are many things that I liked about my stay at this hotel during my NY trip. 1. Location!!!! What a fantastic location!! 3 or 4 mins away from two major subway stations. And I think its only 3 or 4 blocks away from Penn Station as well. Not to mention all the cool Korean restaurants in the surroundings....yummm~ I felt 100% safe the whole time I was there, because there are always people around on the street....even at 3 am. 2. Nice Room!!!! After reading some reviews on here, I asked for a room that is away from the elevators, and not facing the street (to avoid noises). So, the result was fantastic! Very quiet, warm and cozy. The size of the room is nice too...not too bid, but not too small......with modern TV and bathroom too!!!3. Hotel itself!!! Although I didn't get the chance to taste their free breakfast, but their fast wireless internet was great!! Elevator is a bit slow, but it adds the fun to see other guests. There is also a free map of the city......its one of the best map I have ever used when I visit NY. So, don't forget to take one. (the maps I am talking about looks like a sheet of paper, not the regular folded type of map).Overall......I LOVE the hotel and its location. I would definitely stay there again!!	
Jun 12 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY	The best thing about the Red Roof Inn Manhattan is it's location. It’s just under the Empire State Building, here attached the picture I took from my window (8th floor). The service and the rooms were ok - not sparkling or sophisticated but decent enough, and a great value considering it’s NYC and centrally located. We were pleasantly surprised. We aimed for something cheap and cheerful and that is what we got. The hotel was nice, it was clean and comfortable whilst not being too over the top. Rooms were nice, again clean and comfortable which is most important for me and spacious enough. The staff for the most part were nice but had maybe one or two members who could have been more helpful or even just friendly! The worst part was the Internet access for guests in the lobby : there’s just a PC and may be you have to be in the line to wait your turn while a young lady is engaged in a endless chat with some friends. And it’s expensive too.In the area there are a lot of Korean amenities (restaurants, and so on) and this could means that steets are not really clean and tidy but we never had problems concerning noises or disturbances.Anyway, we surely shall book again at this hotel when in NYC.	
Jun 11 2009 	Good location small rooms and horrible wait for elevators	I made reservations online with Red Roof Inn in Manhattan. The hotel had superb location, right across the street from the Empire State building. Although a bit run down in general the hotel offered updated rooms, but the worse feature was the older elevators which took about 10 minutes to take you up 30 floors.http://www.joreviews.com/travel/new-york-city	
Jun 10 2009 	Efficient pleasant and well-located	This former office building on 32nd Street, just off Fifth Avenue, received a smart conversion into a hotel a few years ago and is being maintained very well by its owners, a small group of hotels in the vicinity, most of which are franchised by different chains. Especially after a confusing call with Red Roof Inn's phone reservationists, who couldn't confirm this hotel's cancellation policy (the Red Roof website was similarly vague), the efficient front desk and excellent room were almost a pleasant surprise (call the hotel itself for up-to-date cancellation info). My &quot;all-inclusive king&quot; room turned out to be unusually spacious for a Manhattan hotel room (at an excellent rate of only $113, though rates seem to fluctuate often and widely here) and the bed was very comfortable, with a new mattress; only the rock-solid foam pillows detracted, as they do in so many hotels these days. There was a large flat-screen television, an excellent workspace (omitted, apparently, in non-&quot;inclusive&quot; rooms), a well-appointed bathroom, and decent closet space--all immaculate. The 10th-floor room was very quiet, although the neighborhood is busy, and the breakfast was up to the usual standard of budget chains: &quot;continental&quot; with a few added extras. This hotel seems to be popular with a wide cross-section of guests, from American and European tourists to budget-conscious businesspeople. Don't expect warmth from the always-busy front desk, but your time won't be wasted, either. Note on the neighborhood: This hotel is exceptionally well-located for Penn Station (Amtrak, etc.), which is two long blocks west. It's also very close to Macy's and the Empire State Building. The neighborhood itself is businessy, more notable for being on the edge of the Garment District than for any glamour, but it's centrally located, as safe as any Midtown neighborhood, and easily reached by various subway lines. If you like Korean cuisine, 32nd Street is also famous for it.	
Jun 9 2009 	Awesome Place With a few minor probs.	This hotel is just too good to be true. But, it's true. It's brand new renovated from top to bottom. Everything is new. TV in the room was a flatscreen LCD widescreen, and we had a microwave and fridge which was great for travelling with children. Our only complaints about the facilites were that the hotel was underserviced with elevators. Often 5-10 minute waits, only to find a full elevator and have to wait again for another one. But thats normal for NYC. They have to build up in this city, and another bank of elevators means having less rooms.... So, I get how that works.  Also, the bathroom doors are see-through glass. It's SLIGHTLY frosted but leaves nothing to the imagination, you can totally see in the bathroom when someone is in there. What the heck were the designers thinking?? Duh. We had a reservation problem. The day before we left for the trip we called the 1-800 number and changed our reservation to be an extra day longer, and got a new confirmation sent to our email, and thought all was well. But, the hotel never got this updated info and thought we were still checking out on sunday and not monday which is what we changed to. So we were out all day sunday and we get back to the hotel and this guy is at the door, and sternly asks if we were from room 1106, and we need to see the desk IMMEDIATELY. So, there I am already late for dinner reservations having to convince this woman that we are indeed reserved till monday. I had to send my wife up to the room, to get out printed off confirmation of this, before she would let me go. They were almost treating us like we were trying to dash after staying for free or something. In the end we got it worked out, but it wasted 30 minutes of our day and made us late for dinner and we weren't really please at the way we were treated. We got a quick apology and I was told that It's my responsibilty to make sure the info is correct when I check in, and blah blah blah. When I just assumed it was all right according to my reservation and I signed.So, the moral to this story is ALWAYS TAKE A PRINTED OFF CONFIRMATION to any hotel you are staying in. Don't trust that their computers have all the info that was GUARANTEED to you.Other than that. The hotel was awesome. Everything was great. Location rocked! In the middle of everything. It was quiet, didn't have any problems. Felt safe walking at night. etc, etc.	
Jun 7 2009 	Unbelievably good value for Manhattan	Despite the ratings I give this, I assure you that I am in no way connected to this hotel or the management. I am a young guy from the UK but felt compelled to write this due to my experience here. I am currently writing this from my room in the hotel and have only 2 (minor) complaints since I arrived which I will get to.First the positives:1) I am out here on an extremely tight budget and have to say that what you get here, for the price you pay, is EXCEPTIONAL value for money. Especially for NY. I have booked in for 7 nights 5 of which I'm paying $109 + tax (about £60) and 2 at $119 + tax.I flew in to NY from LA and spent MANY hours whilst in LA checking out room prices in Manhattan and this price, compared to what you get at this hotel, is exceptional I believe. - plasma tv in room, free wi-fi in room, complimentary continental breakfast (which I havent mnaged to wake up in time for yet-although it ends at 10.00am) and clean amd modern furnishings and comfy clean bed.put it this way, before here I was in the Chelsea International Hostel which for $80 a night for a private room (only about $40 - £25 less per night) was absolutely gross. tiny box of a room which had nothing but an old rusty bunk bed and a small sink, no tv, no nothing - horrible smelly shared shower, wifi in a downstairs shared kitchen that rarely worked. So arriving here was a HUGE relief.2) The location is great I think. 32nd street is right in the hub of things if like me you are a tourist. close to the 40's and 50's and central park one way and close to soho and greenwhich the other way, so the tube journeys are never that long and cab rides are cheap.admittedly yes it is in the middle of Korea town and you are surrounded by Koreans outside the foyer and korean restaurants, but so what. Koreans are hardly threatening are they. It can be a tiny little bit noisy, even up here on the 11th floor, but where in such a good location isnt.My only 2 minor negatives1) the air conditioning in my room doesnt appear that strong, I had it on 'High' and it didnt seem to make the room all that much cooler, although to be fair I only had it on for about 1 hour before realising that I didnt really need it.2) the lifts take blooming ages, as someone said before, especially if like me you up on the 11th floor, These minor inconveniences seem a very small price to pay for all the positives, especially the value for money!I may even book in for another week.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good location for good price - all you need to explore New York City	We have been visiting Manhattan and stayed for 5 nights in the Red Roof Inn. It was the second time in New York and also the second time in this hotel. The hotel is very good located to explore the city. The breakfast included in the price is good enough for the beginning of an exciting day in Big Apple. We have enough space in our room and we were satisfied of the cleanliness of the room. We will go again to the Red Roof Inn the next time.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice clean 	Stayed here after reviewing this web site and not disappointed. The Red Roof Inn is a really first rate hotel for the price and is ideally located for New York sightseeing. The experience: booked on line - no probs. Got there about 11am, way before normal check in, but a friendly welcoming reception allowed us to use the room straight away. The room itself was clean, tidy and what you would expect for the hotel rating - no frills but all the basics including internet access (both wifi, cable and via the TV (the latter would cost). Bath room was clean and with a good shower. Did not notice any noise from outside and slept well in comfortable beds.Breakfast - not up to much but it's in the price (if you wanted something substantial, just around the corner opposite the Empire State Building was a great Italian diner).Location – the hotel was a bout a 10min walk from Penn Street station (exit from the Madison Square Garden exit). It is also literally just around the corner from the Empire State Building. Also, don’t be put off by the fact it is in a street that is called ‘Korean Way’ – the Korean sector of New York. This was not a problem (why should it be?) and it made for an interesting walk to the hotel from the sub way.The acid test - would I stay there again? Absolutely yes. Okay for children? Yes. Valuable for money? Probably yes given where it is. 5 stars for a good hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great location nice clean hotel	Great location, just 3 blocks from Penn Station, 1 block from Empire State and 10 minutes walk to Times Sq. Very clean, good size room, comfy bed, free wifi, basic breakfast also included in price. I don't know many hotels in NY, but on reading other reviews I think we were very lucky to get all this for 150 dollars a night.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel - fantastic location!	We stayed here for 4 nights in May 2009 and had a great time. The location was great - just what we wanted in New York. The hotel is clean, the staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms were an ok size. We had heard that NYC hotel rooms were tiny but ours was ok - a room with 2 double beds. We really didn't spend any time in the hotel apart from to sleep at night. My only complaint would be the noisy ice machine outside our room. The free breakfast is basic with bagels, toast, cereal, coffee, yoghurt, juice, bananas and apples available but was great considering it was FREE. The breakfast room is small though.We got a good price booking through the Applecore website. They also have a deal with a car parking garage a few doors down which was great - we just drove in and left the car till we were ready to go home.	
May 28 2009 	Good deal for a "Big City" hotel	I have stayed in &quot;Big City&quot; hotels and have had the usual experiences, noise, poor customer service, lack luster &quot;continental breakfasts&quot;, tiny rooms with even smaller bathrooms.None of these things were a problem at the Red Roof Manhattan. No problems with reservations or check in, staff was polite and efficient. I asked for a non smoking room on an upper floor away from the street, and they delivered. Bed was comfortable and noise was minimal- although running the fan on the AC and being on the 16th floor helped.For a &quot;Big City &quot; hotel I would consider the room spacious. Flat screen LCD TV, Microwave, college frig, FREE wifi. Overall the room was clean and bright.I had a problem with the safe, after a call to the front desk- maintenance appeared within 15 mins. He attempted to reset the safe unsuccessfully. He returned shortly with his tools and the safe was repaired by the time I returned from dinner.The complimentary breakfast was a little better than average. Donuts, bagels, yogurt, bananas, apples, coffee, tea, cereal, milk, juice etc.On 32nd St. just west of 5th Ave. One block from the Empire State Bldg, only about 5 or 6 blocks from Macy's on 34th St, and Herald Square. Very close to several subway stops.West 32nd St. is not a glamor spot, but a 2 block jaunt puts you where you want to be.For a nice meal try Heartland Brewery on 5th Ave in the Empire State Bldg. All in all a good experience, would stay here again.	
May 22 2009 	A Liitle Gem	Situated in a great location.A fairly new hotel,well appointed,very comfortable beds.Reasonable size clean rooms.Slow elevators.Breakfast adequate but very crowded at times.Price very good for new york.I paid $150 plus taxes per night.Look out for the Red Hot deals on own sight ,prices change quite frequently.	
May 20 2009 	Good value good location for 1st visit to NYC	After booking many options on NYC hotels, we finally settled for the Red Roof Inn based on a combination of value, location and previous reviews on this site. We booked a 'red hot deal' on the hotel's website, which offered a king room for $148 + taxes per night. We stayed for 7 nights. This was our first trip to New York.Things didn't start out too well. After arriving from San Francisco at Penn Station the hotel was an easy 5 min walk. The area felt safe even though it was around 1.00am. However, when we arrived at reception the man on the desk informed me that he only had a second floor room available. I had booked a king room, non-smoking and I had requested a high floor, away from the elevator! We were so tired and decided to go straight to the room and try to get some sleep.The room was away from the elevator BUT it was right next to the ice machine and it stank of stale smoke (a smoking room). I spent the night tossing and turning listening to the clunking of the ice machine and smelling the smoky air! Plus, as it was located on the second floor it was also right beside the breakfast room which was noisy from 6.30 onwards. I thought I was being taken for a fool.Needless to say, we had an early breakfast and then went to look at the higher floors and the location of the other rooms, before going straight to reception to request a different room. This receptionist ( a lady) was very efficient and after I explained what we needed she moved us to the 12th floor (no-smoking floor) away from the ice machine and far enough from the elevators. It was also a corner room which meant we only had neigbours on one side. Although the room faced the street I was able to sleep well.Speaking of sleeping the bed was very comfortable - it had a 'pillow-top mattress' - and it was hard to leave it in the mornings! There were plenty of pillows and clean towels. Everything was very clean and maid service was efficient, always respecting the 'do not disturb' sign. Plus, another bonus, our room faced the Empire State building and we could look up each night to see the illuminated top. It was very quiet within the floor at night - we never once heard any noise from the next room.From our point of view the hotel was very well located for our first visit. As others have already said, the ESB and Macys were very close. Times Square was just one stop away on the subway - subway stations also close by. The concierge provides a good map showing streets and subway lines and a more detailed bus or subway map can be got free from any news kiosk. The hotel is located in 'koreatown' hence the many korean restaurants and take aways. We did sample some food from the 'Woorijip' a couple of doors up from the hotel and this was cheap and tasty. Although there seemed to be a lot of bagged rubbish piled up on the sidewalks at night, I think this may be the case everywhere and it was always cleared by morning.Breakfast was welcome and set us up well for the day. It's self service from 7 - 10. Probably better to be there by 8.00 as it does get crowded later. We didn't use any other services as we were out most of the time, only coming back at night to sleep. There is also a PC in the lobby with 'pay as you go' internet access, which is useful if, like us, you don't travel with a laptop.Liked; - Comfy beds - Central location - Complimentary breakfast - Value for money - Quiet rooms - CleanlinessDisliked - First room (and receptionist who allocated it)	
May 18 2009 	Worst Hotel Experinece Ever - By Far	By far the worst hotel service I have ever experienced. All the staff were exceptionally rude an unprofessional. The cleaning staff and management were the worst. The cleaning lady walked in twice while my girlfriend and I were in the shower - proceeded to open the bathroom shower curtain and wouldn’t leave when we told her to get out of the bathroom. She finally walked out of the bathroom and we thought she left, only to find out that she was still in the room and then decided to come back into the bathroom for a second time. Again opening the shower curtain. (She had a cell phone in her hand and may have been taking pictures. She would not show me the phone when I asked her to see it.) I had to walk out of the bathroom without any clothes on and escort her out of the room. The room door was locked from the inside and the do not disturb sign was on the door. We later found out that she called hotel maintenance to open the door. When I spoke with the general manager (Rafeeq Mohamed) about this incident he said it was normal hotel policy and that nothing was wrong. He then started yelling and swearing at me. My girlfriend and I were so disappointed. If you are planning a on having a good time in the city avoid this hotel by all means.	
May 16 2009 	too noising!	too noising!!! bad location, in corea way, a street full of korean restaurant, really noising during the night!nice and big rooms, good servive	
May 11 2009 	A Jewel box of a hotel	My friend and I stayed a total of 7 nights at the hotel and loved everything about it. We expecially liked the location and the wonderful staff. Our room was nicely furnished and looked like it had been recently remodeled.Kermani, the counter man was really helpful and made sure our stay was pleasant. The on site bar and continenial breakfast was a great addition to our stay.	
May 5 2009 	Great Place!	Our room was perfect. I got a rate of less than $200 a night and thought I would probably get a less than a nice room for this price. The business king I got was wonderful. It looks new, even in the corners :) Check In was fast and hassle free, all employees were friendly and spoke English. Our maid was very nice. The free breakfast was fresh and inviting, although crowed. The free WIFi worked every time. It was a $5 taxi ride to Time Square. Macy's and Empire State Building was right around the corner. We ate most of our meals at the local deli's, be sure to check out Empire Pizza around the corner, prices and employees very nice.	
May 4 2009 	Best location in NYC good value	Location wise, the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan is perfect. Room was quite boxy, but by NYC standards has to be considered spacious.Clean, basic and comfortable, great wifi fast internet connection in the room for free. Would go there againOnly one thing is not that great: the breakfast room is too small, not enough tables for all the customers, food was quite ordinary, not bad, but ordinary.	
May 3 2009 	Great hotel	Had a great stay at this hotel. The staff (especially Kerman) were responsive to any request. The room was great and location very convenient. Will go back again.	
Apr 30 2009 	Good value hotel	Made a search at Tripadvisor by ranking, selected this hotel based on location and recommendations. On a hotel web-site I found a good offer, so overall it has been the very good ratio between price and quality.As mentioned by others the location is perfect, it is easy to walk around / to travel by subway. Other comments:- MVP Bus leaves for DC in front of Penn Plaza, 7 mins walk, arriving same place. We checked-out, left luggage (for free, only tips) at the hotel before bus. Then in a few days we returned back, had a few hours before flight so I decided to go to the hotel and ask them storing the luggage again. It worked perfectly, only a few dollars was asked to be paid. Very convenient.- we stayed at the 17th floor, no really noise from outside, have to admit that you can hear all the time elevator and ventilation noise, not killing at all, but for very sensitive person ask a room at least next corner after elevator.- when we checked-in a receptionist didn't look very friendly, but when checked out and next visit storing luggage - other receptionists were OK- breakfast is simple, but fresh- wi-fi worked well on iPod- room was big enough, cleaned daily- announced free calls within the US (didn't try though)I would say it's good 3 stars hotel by European measures. Certainly recommendened to others.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great location whit a grat prices	After Search and looking a lot of hotels this was the best in price, location and amenities.The locatios is the best, in mid manhattan, betwen 5th and 6th AVE. near Macys, Manhattan Mall, a lot of restaurants, near Times Sqare and just 1 block from Empire State. Near a Metro Station. and Korea Town is a safe placeThe room are small, but comfortable, quiet, big bed, with refrigerator, microwave, coffe machine, security box, plasma tv, internet. the bathroom is clean and you have a lot of towels. And if you are lucky you could find a room whit a great view: The empire State building.Its one of a few hotels that bring continental breakfast, and its good, but the room is small, and sometimes you Can't find a table, but you could take the breakfast to your room.The elevators are slow, and sometimes you need a lot of patien.The people in the front desk not always are so nice, but they help you if you ask.	
Apr 22 2009 	Unbeatable bargain 3 blocks away from Penn Station	This property is quite unbeatable when it comes to the convenience factor: the price (under 120 USD) is quite a bargain in midtown Manhattan, and the location (in Korea Town, next to the 5th Ave) is simply superb. The hotel is step away from the World's biggest Macy's department store, and it's really conveniently located.The only comparable hotel in the same price range and area is the Hotel Pennsylvania, where I stayed twice before. But this property is so much better than that!Rooms are quite on the small size (I was alone and it seemed small to me, figure out with two-three people sharing it!), but they are clean, there are plent of towels and all rooms have new flat-screen tvs and free internet (both LAN and WIFI)! Moreover, breakfast is free: nothing much on offer there, usual fare of bagels, scones, jelly, cheese, cereals, but it's free and it's ok after all.Besides, the area offers plenty of cheap Korean eateries, and you can find a Wendy's just steps from the hotel.There's also a well-equipped fitness room: not too many machines, but all the equipment looks pretty new.If you are looking for a good bargain in Manhattan, I doubt you can find a better deal than this (surprisingly good) Red Roof Inn. I will surely stay here again!	
Apr 21 2009 	A Great Find in Midtown Manhattan	I was really surprised at how nice this hotel was given the modest price. The rooms were big relative to other New York hotels. The price was right. The elevators were a little slow and one of them smelled for some reason but our room was nice and seemed pretty quiet. The neighborhood, Korea-Town, seemed really safe (Korea-Town is just a block or two of largely Korean businesses). We liked it and would recommend it for others.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Location/Great Value	My mother, sister and I stayed here in June of 2008 and would go back in a second. The location was fantastic. It was in a great spot for walking to the sights and there is a subway stop at the end of the street. The continental breakfast served is one of the best continental breakfasts I have ever had. It wasn't just donuts, bagels or pastries. There was cereal, bagels, fruit, hard boiled eggs etc. The staff were very friendly and helpful. One thing to keep in mind is that if you are driving yourself the parking garage is before the hotel. After checking in we had to drive around the block which took quite a while since it was around 4pm when we arrived. Its the only parking garage on the street so I would recommend stopping there first and then going to check in. It will save you some valuable sight seeing/shopping/eating time!	
Apr 10 2009	HUMAN SCALE AND ATMOSPHERE HOTEL	I was there with 35 graduating students from our School of Architecture, Aristotle University of Thesaloniki, Greece and we enjoyed 10 unforgettable days. Since I am guiding this educational trip every year for 10 years now and we have stayed in various hotels (the students themselves organize the whole trip, I am only taking them around to visit important buildings, since this is my topic) I can tell you that for the first time I felt at home :Scale of the building (only 170 rooms),Kind and smiling persons (from the check-in desk to the cleaning people), decent breakfast, clean and tide rooms and bathrooms, plus many other amenities (free wireless internet access, complimentary daily newspaper, free local calls, etc.). The location of the hotel (32nd Street and 5th Avenue) is also perfect.The proof that all the above is true comes from the fact that I demanded from students to book this hotel for the trip of this year!!! We will be there from April 21, 2009 up to April 30, 2009.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Hotel in the Heart of Midtown!	We were in Manhattan for the Big East Tournament in March 2009. After doing quite a bit of searching and price comparison we decided to book a room at The Red Roof Inn. We were extremely pleased in every aspect of the hotel.PRICE--We book directly through the Red Roof Inn website and got the lowest rate we could find on any website.ROOMS--Although the room was not large, for NYC standards it was fairly good sized. We had 3 adults sharing a room and had plently of space for luggage and to move around. The room included a microwave, fridge, large tv, and beds that were extremely comfortable. The hotel has been newly renovated so everything was clean and modern. BREAKFAST--Nothing fancy, but enough to get your day going. They had a nice selection of bagels, donuts, fruit, cereal, and yogurt. The breakfast room was big enough that there was always enough space.NOISE LEVEL--We found the hotel to be very quiet. Each floor only has 12-16 rooms that are pretty spaced out so I never heard the other people coming home. We were on the 16 floor and the street noise was at a minimum.LOCATION--We were within easy walking distance to Madison Square Garden. It was less than 1/2 a mile and could be walked in about 10 minutes. We were also within two blocks of the four major subway lines. So if you couldn't walk to the location you needed it was easy to hop on the subway. The hotel is located in Korea town and has lots of yummy places to eat nearby. I highly suggest the Mandoo Bar next door. They have homemade dumplings that were fabulous!Overall we will definitely stay here next time we are in NYC.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic well above expectations	I spent many an hour trying to determine where to stay on my 2nd visit to the Big Apple. Eventually plucked for the Red Roof, mainly because of it's perfect location on the Korean street 1 block from The Empire State.The Hotel is quite small, as befitting to the City, reception is also small, but functional and staff well trained to getting the job done. No delays in or out. The lifts were a bit slow, but there's only 2 of them.I booked directly and requested a good view. 1304 was the room, view a direct view of the Empire State. Perfect. And just how perfect was that bed? Absolutely brilliant is the answer. The TV had stacks of channels, the coffee maker worked well, bathroom was fine with no smells or anything broken. In fact I had no issues at all with the room.There's always one issue however...and it's the tiny breakfast room. Although the food choice is fine, the room is so small, several people were coming in and taking their breakfasts away due to having nowhere to sit. A small issue perhaps, but slightly annoying nevertheless.But, it didn't put me off the stay, it's perhaps slightly overpriced for the brand, but considering the location, I think overall it's worthy of the highest Trip Advisor rating, and I'm sure to return on my next visit.	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent location home from home in Manhattan	This was my second stay in the Red Roof Inn Manhattan and I was not disappointed. I found it excellent value for money. I had recommended the hotel to my family and they couldn't believe how close we were to Macy's, Empire State building, subways etc. We were so comfortable at the hotel - staff were friendly, I don't like too much fuss so I enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and if there is a problem you just contact reception and it is sorted immediately. Some reviews state the rooms are small but we found our rooms comfortable, very clean and adequate for our stay. There is no big foyer but if you are not hanging around all day you don't need one. For it's location, cleanliness and value I will certainly return (when I clear my credit card!!!). Absolutely love NYC and Red Roof Inn.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location 	We stayed here when we were in town for the New York Comic Con. The room was small, but hey, this is New York and was about as big as I was expecting. The front desk staff was helpful and it was nice that we could store our luggage at the hotel after we checked out since we were going to be at the con for the rest of the day. It's an easy walk from Penn Station and was a cheap cab ride to the Javits Center. The price couldn't be beat for such a nice room. It was nice that our son could stay for free (other hotels I looked at charged for kids) and they have a free continental breakfast in the morning.	
Feb 20 2009 	A terrific value an ideal location	I chuckled at the idea of staying at a Red Roof Inn in New York, mainly because I associate the brand with highway travel, and certainly nothing fancy. But this place is a gem; I recommend it highly.The fact that it has recently been renovated is a strong selling point. It's very clean, and although the rooms are smaller than what you might find in other cities, they are actually larger than other Manhattan hotel rooms at similar price points. We paid about $150, which made it an unbeatable value. The appointments are nice, but not fancy, e.g. the TV channel selection is limited and the bath products are very basic. But with extremely clean rooms, comfortable beds and relative quiet, the other things just don't matter. One thing that's important to note: although we were in a non-smoking room, we could detect cigarette smoke from the ventilation system from time to time. I can't imagine the hotel can control this any better than they already do (save for making the entire hotel non-smoking). It wasn't overpowering, and it wasn't like it invaded the sheets or anything. But it was occasionally noticeable.Koreatown isn't particularly pretty, but it's bustling... and there are lots of great Asian restaurants on the block. And from there you can get to just about anywhere without too much trouble.	
Feb 15 2009 	Location location location!	My husband and I stayed here for 6 days in early Feb 09, and found the hotel very nice. Great location on 32nd street, just round the corner from the Empire State Building. Reception was quite small but the staff were friendly and helpful and let us check in early which was great.Our room on the 14th floor was lovely, nice and big (unusual for NY), the bed was lovely and comfy and the bathroom was a perfect size. The room was kept very clean as was the bathroom. The housekeeping staff were really nice and friendly. We had a safe, fridge, microwave, and great flat screen TV. There also was a coffee machine, but the coffee left a lot to be desired, I preferred to get one in the cafe further down 32nd and bring it back.The breakfast was fine, usual stuff - bagels, toast, cereal etc.. I hated the polystyrene cups and plates, I suppose its a good way to cut down on staff but it means a lot more garbage!The only thing that I didn't like was the bar, we went there twice and had only one drink both times, I didn't think the bar man was particularly friendly, in fact he was a little bit rude and also the music was so loud it was hard to have a conversation. I preferred the bars around the corner on 33rd street.Overall I would say that we enjoyed our stay at the Red Roof Inn and will probably return.	
Feb 4 2009 	Everything you could want	We stayed at Red Roof for 3 nights following a cruise. I have to say, this hotel was well locationed on 32nd Street. It was a great base for all our party and many things we saw were only short walks away.The Hotel itself was extremely clean, the staff very friendly. The rooms were very presentable. Large comfortable bed, large LCD TV, Coffee making machine, fridge, Microwave &amp; WIFI. The bathroom was spacious and room service was excellent. I was disappointed in the Breakfast, but then it was a base and at least we had something to eat. One of my critisms would be the use of polysterene plates and plastic cutlery. WHY?????? You would not have that back in UK.On the whole I enjoyed my stay there and for location I could not fault it.	
Jan 29 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed here on our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The location was great, breakfast included every morning, nice room, great rate. Have recommended to others to stay here.	
Jan 13 2009 	Went back and was pleased	I wrote a review a few months ago about my stay in Dec of 2007. I liked the hotel but my problem was with the much higher prices for the rooms since my stay. Well, I was happy to see that the prices had gone down from over $300 a night to around $179, so my husband and I stayed overnight in Dec 2008. I am not sure if it is just that the price goes down in the winter or if it is the bad economy driving the prices down, but either way I was pleased.The hotel, as said before, is clean and modern and the king room we had was great for the two of us. Bathroom was also clean and a good size for 2. The heat was a bit wonky and it took a while to heat up, but once it did is was very comfortable and we actually had to turn it down because it got too hot. We were also happy to find that the elevators were much faster than our last stay. Don't know if we just lucked out, but we never waited for more than a minute for them. The staff is not the most smiley bunch, but when we arrived before check in time, the desk clerk went out of his way to get us our room right away. We were very pleased and will keep using this hotel for our little weekend trips into the city as long as the price stays right.	
Jan 4 2009 	Highly recommended	I took a long time selecting a hotel in NYC, but this was a really great find. It is slap bang in the middle of Manhattan, very close to the Empire State Bld (I could see it from my hotel room window). My room was not very big, but clean and I loved the free wireless internet. The room heating could have been better: either it blows hot air or it is off. But this seems to be a general problem for the US, I noticed. Although the hotel is in the middle of the city that never sleeps, my room was incredibly quiet, so I could sleep very well. The room had a safe that was big enough to hold my 12 inch powerbook, camera etc. Breakfast was included, which is increasingly rare. The breakfast room could have been bigger, but breakfast itself was quite adequate, with coffee, tea, juices, bagels, toast, cheese etc. Next time I go to NYC I will certainly stay here again.	
Jan 1 2009	Great Find	Great deal for NYC at $155 nightly (with breakfast and during the holiday season). Excellent mid town location. Clean and newish looking. As for NY budget accommodations goes this is very reasonably priced. Recommended.	
Jan 1 2009 	Above average hotel let down by lousy room heating	We stayed in the Red Roof Inn on 32nd St for four nights in December as a short break in Manhattan. We'd originally booked at a much more expensive hotel, but the dollar/sterling rate made us change a couple of weeks before we went. The hotel is pretty easy to find and I drove our hire car there and had no problems dropping my wife off before taking the car back to the car rental company. When I got back to the hotel though, my wife was just finishing off getting a guy to fix the room heater as the room was ice cold when she arrived in the room. They'd turned up in the room within two minutes of her phoning though and were very friendly.The room was clean, had cable TV, fairly cheap toiletries and was generally very comfortable at first glance. The big problem, however, was that room heater. The control on the heater was broken and I had to take the temperature knob off and adjust the dial with a hairgrip (bobby pin). Even after turning the control down to its minimum, the room stayed very warm and we struggled to get any sleep the first night. Since it was functioning, we decided not to hassle the management: it just looked like the heaters (doubles as air con in the summer by the look of it) were simply rubbish.Continental breakfast was included in the price of the room, but it looked awful: the sort of muffin and cheap coffee free-for-all that you get at motels. There's a great diner a few blocks downtown around the corner from the Flatiron building that is a much better bet anyway.The hotel booked us a town car to the airport, which was the same rate as a taxi and only $10 more (for two people) than the shuttle that does the rounds of a number of hotels before hearing to the airport. Our driver was also pretty good at using back streets to avoid as much of the evening traffic as possible.	
Dec 21 2008 	Redroof was top class!!	I stayed at the Redroof for 5 nights, and found it to be great...I booked a &quot;new all-inclusive King&quot;, but I think we were given a standard king. I'm not complaining really though...I think the decor in the all-inclusive king (as advertised on their website) would've been more modern, but after staying in the room we were given on the 9th floor I was very happy. It has a massive king bed that was very comfortable indeed, and a 32inch LCD tv, which was amazing too. The location is great - it's 5 minutes walk to Macy's and Madison Square Garden, where we managed to get in an ice hockey game! Fantasic stay, great service, and great price for such a great location. I was very happy, and would strongly recommend this hotel. I had stayed here before a number of years ago before the renovations, and it was nice then, so I was equally impressed this time. Top class.	
Dec 18 2008 	Great location in Korea Town!	Isn't it great that you can have fabulous Korean meal once you step out? :-)) I just loved this location, just like other reviewers. We were told that the hotel was recently renovated. We stayed at this hotel a log time ago and you can tell the difference right away. A very impressive job.  I just want to recommend that you bring in your own Ethernet cable for your laptop. The hotel is supposed have a free wireless internet connection, but the signal strength was very low and totally unusable. Instead, I used their high-speed connection.	
Dec 16 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised with Hotel	Arrived at Penn Station at 13.00 and walked to Hotel 10 minutes, from the outside not a good impression but the staff were helpfull and the room on the 15th floor was clean and roomy. The breakfast was very good although very busy at times, the location is very good just behind the Empire State Building. My wife and I would go back again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Friendly service!	I have stayed at this hotel several times while traveling to NY. It is so clean &amp; the rooms are very spacious. It is a great price! In NYC, it is almost impossible to get the size rooms for this price...and they're clean &amp; have a great staff! Roshana at the Front Desk is the sweetest! She remembers me by name everytime. I worked at a hotel front desk several years ago, so I know how many guests come in &amp; out on a daily basis. So, it was a very pleasant surprise for her to remember me. A little &quot;home away from home&quot;! Thank you Roshana for your excellent service &amp; for making me feel welcome!!	
Dec 6 2008 	Try It and Enjoy	&quot;Don't Judge A Book By It's Cover&quot; The external surroundings are a little off putting, but walk in the hotel and you will be pleasantly surprised. The foyer is extremely welcoming, rooms are spacious even with 3 people in, with a good sized bathroom. Breakfast very good, only downside was the size of the Dining Room, could be a little cramped at times. Staff were friendly and very informative giving freely of their time and knowledge. Excellant location to get around. Give the Hop On, Hop Off Bus a try, brilliant to get around and the guides on board have good knowledge which was very interesting. Only problem we experienced was the fan of the AC system was on continuous for the first 2 nights, this was out of the control of the Hotel as the whole of New York City had the water supply turned off for those 2 nights, I advise you take ear plugs just in case.Overall, a very good hotel, I would definately return and recommend it to anyone looking for a good value hotel	
Nov 30 2008	Never again	I booked this hotel and had to cancel again numerous months before the travel date. I cancelled via e-mail and was charged not once but twice for a double room even though I had cancelled and should not have been charged at all. Staff promised all kinds of callbacks and in general were rude and unhelpful. In the end my credit card company refunded me. Not worth the hassle, I will never book anything online again. I particularly would avoid the staff that this hotel employs particularly the manager.	
Nov 19 2008 	Superb Value and Great Location	I stayed at this location in August with several of my friends and I stayed again in November with my elderly mother. This hotel is in great condition. Each visit, my room came with a mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, safe, and lots of extra towels and toiletries. It also came with the usual amenities such as a LCD TV, hair dryer, iron, etc.The staff consistently provides excellent service. Breakfast is included in the hotel room rate and the food selection is broad (cereal, yogurt, eggs, toast, bagels, fruit, etc) and the volume of food is plentiful. The location of the hotel is fantastic because it is located close to several subway lines and is within walking distance to Madison Square Gardens, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Radio City Music Hall, most Broadway and off-Broadway theatres, uptown and downtown bus tours, etc.I can’t wait to go back to New York City and when I do I will be staying at this hotel!	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed at Red Roof Inn from Sunday 9th November until Thursday 13th November 2008. This is my 2nd time to stay here &amp; the hotel has been re-furbished since my last visit in April 2007.Got a great deal from the hotel website $688 incl. all taxes etc. Booked a twin room &amp; all requests were met. When we arrived at 2pm our room wasn't ready so we took a short walk &amp; grabbed a quick coffee. Checked in at 3.15 &amp; our room was fine. Everything was clean &amp; when we had a problem with the phone &amp; the in-room safe, the girl in reception organised a maintenance man to come straight away.Despite other peoples posts, we found the breakfast buffet to be always well stocked &amp; we never had a problem getting a table. Everything was fresh &amp; certainly set you up for the day. The buffet had fruit, yoghurts, bagels, croissants, donuts, danish pastries, toast, juice &amp; tea/coffee.I had noticed that posters on this site had said in some cases that the staff weren't very polite or helpful. We certainly never experience this during our stay. We also had no problem with the lifts even if they very full in the morning.The hotel is very central with a subway station at the top of the street. Would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone. Yes it is basic &amp; clean but what more do you need in a city that never sleeps.	
Nov 11 2008 	Loved This Hotel!	My first time in NYC and I wanted to be in the heart of everything. This was a good spot -- not far from everything I wanted to see. Subway friendly, plenty of food choices, even 24-hour restaurants which was a plus for me. Right around the corner from the Empire State Building and Macy's going in the other direction. It was great being central to shopping. As indicated, the hotel was recently renovated, so we found a small but clean and new hotel room w/ double beds. The only downfall was that the only room w/ 2 beds left was a smoking room, but the smoke was manageable (even though the front desk clerk said it wouldn't be bad 'cause no one smokes - so not the case here!) Then again, I'm used to staying in Vegas rooms all the time. It was worth paying the $300/night to have a nice and clean room. Beds were comfy and bathroom was completely stocked w/ towels and toiletries. Flat screen TV was a nice addition. The hotel is situated on a block we dubbed &quot;Koreatown&quot; since it is nothing but Korean restaurants and businesses. But this added to the flair of our block, as there were always people hanging out at different times of the day and night. I never felt unsafe coming back to our hotel late at night because there were always people around. In other words, the area never seemed &quot;shady&quot; to me, even at night. The staff was nice and the one time we needed assistance with the TV, there was someone at our door in less than 5 minutes. They have an activity desk and when we inquired about the Statue of Liberty, she told us to go online. So that was a disappointment! Overall, this was a great central location to have brand new accommodations (since I've read so many horror stories about horrible hotel rooms on this site!) and be surrounded by so many options. At the time, they were also the lowest at $300/night compared to the rest of Manhattan at $400-$600/night. ENJOY!	
Nov 4 2008 	Smart choice	The hotel is a smart choice because it's so near the 34th st-herald square subway station, which has many lines to everywhere in nyc. The complimentary breakfast and wi-fi access are excellent for us and save us lots of time and money.It also helps that there are eateries – mostly korean – along the same stretch as the hotel. We could get a quick bite before heading off to the broadway shows.The rooms we stayed in were clean. No hint of tobacco smoke whatsoever, unlike other hotels that claim they are smoke-free.However, the 2 lifts need upgrading, since they are slow. Those who go to the breakfast room after 8.30am might find the slowness a setback, since the room gets full after that. As for the front office staff, we have had no problems with them attitude-wise. They had been helpful with our questions and/or requests.	
Nov 1 2008 	fantastic stay	We ended up staying at the red roof inn as the hotel we had originally booked became non smoking but had forgotten to let us know despite booking it 8 months previously. Our original hotel booked us into the red roof inn and we were very nervous about moving to another hotel that we had no knowledge of. The gentleman on reception (Mr Rohip???) couldn't have been more helpful he even gave us a discount. The room was very comfortable and had everything we could need for our shopping trip. The room was clean on our and arrival and cleaned daily, all the staff we came into contact with were polite and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate and a great start to the day. I have read the other posts about the location but I can honestly say we found no offensive smells at any stage and found the area to be busy, lots of people around, which in turn made us feel safe and secure. The location for shopping and attractions was excellent. We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone for the service, location and the cost which was very reasonable.	
Nov 1 2008 	Cant beat it!	This is the best hotel in Manhattan. Rooms are not the biggest,but big enough for 2 people. Beds are good. Bathroom is good. Tv is great. Breakfast is OK! Location is very good.We paid $160/night and you cant beat that.It's nicer than the Hilton.	
Oct 30 2008 	Very pleased!	My daughter and I stayed at the Red Roof NYC for a shopping trip. We were delightfully surprised by the sparkling clean room, and the extra comfy beds. We walked non stop for 3 days in NYC, and it was so nice to have a clean, comfortable room to go back to. The location is really good, kind of right in the middle of everywhere! We walked to Central Park, (about 30 blocks) rented bikes and rode through Central Park, which was very fun. The Brooklyn Deli right down the street is a great place to eat breakfast (even though a continental breakfast is included in the room) lunch, or dinner! It's really close to Penn Station, easy to walk with suitcases, just a few blocks. We went to the Empire State Building late at night, which was a hoot, and not busy all all. It was a spectacular sight at night, and by looking at all the roped mazes, we could tell it must be very busy at times, but not at night! Empire State Building is only 2 or less blocks from hotel. I have stayed at the Hilton in NYC, it doesn't hold a candle to the Red Roof Inn!	
Oct 26 2008	May be an option	We stayed a couple of nights here.The rooms are okay, they are clean. The hotel is located just behind the Empire State, in the Korean street. It was pretty hard for me to find a hotel in Manhattan with a reduced budget. This is a good option, although next time I would search something closer to Times Square.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location and Breakfast!	Stayed at this hotel for 3nights and the reason we chose this hotel was from the reviews from other travellers on Tripadviser and we were not disappointed. Its a great location to explore the city with the Empire State Build outside the front door and Macy's about a 5min walk. The nearest subway is a 30sec walk away. The staff, though not rude, were not very friendly. Didnt welcome us to the hotel but we didnt really care. The rooms are larger than other hotel rooms in NYC, are well equipped and clean. Safe was included in the room along with an ironing board and iron which was handy. The beds were large and very comfortable. We asked for a room at the back of the hotel as the rooms facing the front that look onto the road are noisy because of the traffic. The continental breakfast was the best we have ever had. There was plenty on offer to fill you till lunch-time. There are plenty of restaurants on offer as you walk out of the hotel. We paid $299 a night but dont forget that tax is not included in that price and it came to nearly $350 a night so it is a little pricey but I would stay here again with no hesitation. Penn station is about a 10-15min walk away for easy access to Newark Airport by train.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great hotel in NY - Perfect Location	This is a great little hotel in NY. Location is perfect with a capital P. Close to everything : Macys in Herald Square, Penn station, Empire State, Times Square, subway stations etc.I arrived at 2pm and was able to check at that time. The room was booked under my friends named and CC who was to arrive later and I was able to used my CC to hold it until she came. Reception said there was no problem with swapping the CC or paying by cash upon check out. I asked for a quietly located, non smoking twin room and that is what I got. Surprisingly enough we never heard any traffic from this room (709). Nice flatscreen tv and an ipod docking station/radio too. Lots of towels which were replenished daily. Very clean and comfortable.Breakfast buffet was included which was a welcomed surprise. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. They even remembered the room number from memory upon check out. Baggage storage was also allowed upon check out.Overall I highly recommend this hotel. Pinkberry across the street should be definitely tasted! Great location and cheerful accomodation at the &quot;lower&quot; end hotel costings for NYC.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good Budget Hotel	I stayed in the red roof inn with my mother at the end of September for 5 nights. The location was perfect we were on 32nd st on 5th ave. It was a great base for many of the attractions. The Empire State Building was just 2 blocks away as was Macys! The hotel itself was fine. We stayed on the 17th floor. When we arrived in the room there was a slight musty smell. The rooms were small (like the majority of manhattan hotel rooms) but overall I cant complain. The lifts were slow at certain points during the day but thats to be expected when there is only 2 lifts servicing 17 floors. Breakfast was included in our rate. We were down for breakfast early most mornings but one morning we were late and found it hard to find somewhere to sit. They had a selection cereals, bread, bagels, fruit, pastries, yogurt, teas and coffees.In some reviews I had read on tripadvisor, some people complained about the staff. We didnt have any problems with them. They were pleasant from the time we checked in until the time we left. A day before we were due to leave we asked at reception about shuttles back to the airport and the receptionist reccommended we take a cab as there was only 2 of us. They wanted a $10 deposit to book this. Thankfully I had done a bit of research before I left and I knew that NYC cabs cannot be booked. We ended up getting a train from Penn Station and then connecting with the AirTrain. It cost less than $10 and only took approx 30minsI think for value for money and location I would stay in the Red Roof Inn again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good hotel excellent location	I stayed here with a friend for 4 nights in October 08. Check in staff were friendly and helpful when we said we wanted to split the bill between us. We arrived earlier than check in time but our room was ready. The room was on the 7th floor and contained 2 full sized beds. it wasn't a particularly large room but had enough had space for us and was always clean. The bathroom was spacious and the shower good. We had a large TV and coffee making facilities. The info lady was lovely and helpful.Breakfast was good as long as you got there early enough. The breakfast room was fairly small and filled up quickly by about 9am. Breakfast was juice, cereal, fruit, yougurt, boiled eggs, bagels, toast and preserves, tea and coffee.The bar was nice to relax in with a cocktail or a beer and had a happy hour from 4 to 7 each day.We were 1 minute from the Empire State Building. The street was bordered by Broadway at one end and 5th Avenue at the other. Metro stations were close by in both directions. Macy's was also nearby.All in all we had a fantastic break in the Big Apple and the hotel played a big part in us having a memorable experience!!	
Oct 13 2008	Great Stay	Stayed at this hotel for 4 days in July and it was a great stay, the hotel is not too far from the main attractions. Plus there are a few subway stations about a block from the hotel. The staff was nice and friendly, and plenty of places to eat nearby. Also the empire state building is almost around the corner, a great hotel at a good price.	
Oct 6 2008 	Loved the Red Roof Inn	I have just returned from a 5 day stay in New York at this hotel, I went with my daughter. We found the hotel after searching for Ramada a chain of hotels recommended to us, then discovered that the Red Roof Inn plus 3 other hotels form part of a little group known as &quot;Applecore&quot; hotels all quite central in New York, but this to us seemed most central for what we wanted to do.We booked on line a room with 2 double beds, averaged with tax just under 500 dollars a night. With that you have breakfast available at no extra charge.We were really pleased with the hotel: our room was on 15th floor and it often seemed to us we were practically the only people in the hotel, it was so quiet. We had seen on Trip Advisor that the breakfast room was not very big - we never had a problem with this: breakfast is served from 7am to 10am and as we were seriously sightseeing and shopping, we always got up early and certainly there were always tables available when we went which was always before 8am. It was a buffet style help yourself and included fruit you could take with you for later in the day!The reception staff were helpful and pleasant - we had again seen on Trip Advisor some notes that sometimes they were not all that helpful but that is absolutely not what we found. Perhaps it's how you approach them!There is a nice bar on the mezzanine (operated by a different outfit from the hotel) where you can relax and if you want, buy a bottle of wine and take up to your room. Also, the room had a full size fridge and microwave and we had a takeaway delivered one night which really helped our budget - and the reception staff even rang the takeaway up, for us.At the price not a bottom budget hotel, but very good value for money, we remembered to leave a couple of dollars out every morning for our maid so she was tipped as we went along, and the room was always spotless on our return. The hotel absolutely lived up to its publicity, and its situation about 2 minutes from the Empire State Building and 4 minutes from Macys, suited us down to the ground. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 5 2008 	Very good overall - breakfast bar needs attention	I had a great time in NY and this hotel did not ruin my experience at all. The bed , service were great. The big tv was a great luxury to have and the bathrooms were perfect.Negatives- West 32nd st after the garbage pickup can be a rotten place to walkthrough because of the smell, it was unbearable at times.- Breakfast - first morning i walked in , i walked straight out , it really offers nothing that you could call a decent breakfast. I suggest going to the Bagel Cafe across the road for your breakfast (just dont mind the fact noone smiles in this city when they serve you, its typical)	
Oct 2 2008 	Great value for money	Just back from NYC and we will definitely be staying at the Red Roof Inn on our next trip. Great location on 32nd st between 5th &amp; 6th Ave, 1 min walk to Macys and Herald Sq. Our room was quite spacious, especially for Manhattan. The room also had a fridge and a coffee maker and a huge plasma. The beds were sooo comfortable.The bathroom was a good size but was spotless and the shower was great, with constant hot water. The continental breakfast was ideal....plenty of bagels, toast, cereal, juices etc to help you start off the day!All the staff were pleasant, especially the bellboys who were very helpful. We had no problems checking in and out. We had no complaints at all and have recommended this hotel to others already. We can't wait for our next trip and will definitely booking the Red roof inn.	
Oct 1 2008 	A gem in Midtown Manhattan - closer than you think!	My last stay in NYC was up near Times Square, and it was nothing compared to this hotel - tho probably the same price.The Red Roof Inn is in one of the best locations in New York - it's kinda central to everywhere you want to see. You can walk to Central Park, or Battery Park within an hour from this hotel. It is near all the amazing shops, such as Old Navy, Macys etc etc but far enough that you hear nothing of the crowds on Broadway/Times Sq. My room had the most amazing unobscured view of the Empire State Building.The hotel itself is very very clean - the rooms are excellent. People might say small but I'd say they're about normal size (and really, when you're in New York, you don't need a massive bedroom). Each room had it's own bathroom, which is very clean, and all rooms are cleaned daily.The price of this hotel is the most alluring thing. In New York there are a lot of flea infested hovels masquerading as hotels, but this is a genuinely cheap but quality hotel. Anyone who complains about it has just got too high standards for a cheap hotel in New York!!!The staff were also very friendly and helpful - almost everyone gets a tip, but that's just America for you. The bar was fairly small and expensive (in my mind) but if you fancied a quiet drink in the hustle and bustle of New York but without the noise this is the place to go.	
Sep 18 2008 	Definite Pros and Cons for this Hotel	We stayed at the Red Roof Manhattan for 6 nights in September, 2008. There were definite pros and cons for this hotel as follows:PROS1) Great Location for walking tours and taking the subway to get around Manhattan. 2) Clean and adequate rooms and bathrooms.3) Comfortable beds and pillows.4) Wireless Internet included.5) Good flat screen TV and reception. We only watched the news in the mornings. 6) Lots of towels and bathroom accessories. We never had to ask for anything. 7) Good air conditioning system.8) Good Chamber Maid Service.9) Hotel room was quiet. 10) Helpful concierge and doormen.CONS1) Small rooms and bathrooms -although this is very common in Manhattan.2) On the pricey side for what the hotel is - again this is very common in Manhattan, so this is to be expected. 2) Indifferent Front Desk Staff. They could use a little training in customer service.3) The hotel is located on West 32nd Street between 5th and 6th Avenue, also known as &quot;Korean Way&quot;. There were piles of garbage outside of the many Korean Restaurants along this street each evening. Not a problem, if you can overlook the smell of garbage in the evenings. It seemed to be taken away each night. We enjoyed staying here primarily due to the location to things we wanted to see and do. Overall, I would return again. New York is an amazing city to visit.	
Sep 14 2008 	Appalling customer service otherwise OK	Having read some reviews here, I think we paid a bit too much ($340 per night incl. tax) to this hotel. We stayed for 5 nights from September 4th. I can only repeat what many people have already said here:1. Excellent location2. Rooms are clean, bathroom nice size3. Staff are absolutely rude4. Not enough elevator service5. No fridge in the room6. Not enough cleaning staff7. Noise from outsideApart from one nice lady who checked us in, I think all other receptionists are rude &amp; grumpy. When my partner &amp; I made some queries, they would just grunted at us &quot;Yeah~&quot;. Yeah means yes? Or means they don't know, or they don't speak English??? One day we came back at 4pm to find our room not cleaned. When we complained, the female receptionist didn't even reply a word to us &amp; just shouted over the intercom &quot;Can you clean Room 902 immediately!&quot; Checking out was as bad....grumpy, grumpy, grumpy. They do need a training in customer service. It's a hotel business in America - shouldn't they at least learn to say &quot;thank you&quot; or &quot;I hope you enjoyed your stay&quot;?Apparently the cleaners work from 9am - 6pm. So if you plan to come back in the afternoon, it may be wise to ask them to clean your room early (if they bother to take requests!)2 elevators are slow &amp; certainly not enough in the morning. With guests going out, going in &amp; out of the breakfast room, plus cleaners with their big trolleys.Having said that (enough of moaning) we think the room was comfortable. Plenty of towels, excellent air condition, excellent water pressure (9th floor), our TV reception wasn't too bad. Right behind Empire State Building. Not spectacular or anything because it's so close, but we could see the top half of it &amp; it was great.We enjoyed the whole NY experience so much, shopping, sightseeing, dining, bars, more shopping...that none of the above seemed to matter. So exhausted at night, the traffic noise didn't bother us much either. I wouldn't particularly recommend this hotel to everyone, it was good. It was OK.	
Sep 5 2008 	Good Hotel - Great Location	I and my wife stayed at this hotel from august 26 to august 31, the location is great near to subway stations and mayors atractions, i would recomend this hotel for both the location and the price. Before our trip i did a lot of research by internet i found this hotel to be the cheapest in the area that we wanted.we got there and found a very clean room and also very nice i think the size was a good one compare with others room hotel in the area. the staff was helpfull and very kind and the hotel has a subway station rigt at the corner, penn sation is only two block and the empire state is beside the hotel, the hotel is also a walking distance of time square, manhattan mall, macys, and 5th avenue.This is a excellent choice at good price, even they have a free breakfast, wich is no common is others hotels and has a good choice of food nothing fancy but good food.the only cons is the elevator that become very slow at certain times of the day, and the breakfat area in a kind of small place, but is okay	
Sep 4 2008 	Superb value for money	Pros - Location is close to Times Square. No shortage of food options. Lots of Korean restaurants to choose from since the hotel is located on Korean Street. Subway is just down the street. Room and bathroom is quite big. Price is reasonable for Manhattan standards. Complimentary continental breakfast.Cons - Breakfast room is rather small but we were able to find a table on the 2 days we were there. Service is mediocre at best.Overall, the pros far outweigh the cons. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Worst customer service ever...	My friend and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 7 days - 6 days originally booked but we decided to stay an extra day (they locked us out of our room on the last day because they said we had to check-in again...). The hotel itself is ok - it is located in Korea Town with lots of restaurants and close to many attractions. We had a twin room booked, size of the rooms were ok for New York. There is no fridge, had a plasma tv but also bad reception for tv channels (probably to get you to pay for movies). Bathroom is small but adequately clean.What I could not understand however, is the attitude of the staff here. There was not a single front desk staff who was helpful or courteous in the entire time we stayed. We rang a few times to ask a question and we were grunted at! One night we came back to our room to realise we had both left our access cards in the room. When I went to ask them for another one, I was told I had to have photo ID. When I said I had them in the room, I was told by the man that 'there is nothing I can do then'. He then turned to serve someone else! We are not fussy people and were not expecting first class service...but we were expecting staff who were polite and helpful. Obviously the customer service training program the manager was referring to in response to another reviewers experience is not doing its job.Breakfast was ok - had cereals fruit, pastries, juice, coffee, bread and bagels. Eating area pretty small and often no space to sit down to eat between 8am-9am.There are TWO lifts to service 17 floors and on the last two days at least one of the lifts were not working which meant people had to wait at least 15mins for a lift or as we did walk up and down 10 flights of stairs! The wireless Internet is free but very patchy (drops in and out all the time). There is a computer in the bar area which you have to pay to use and where you can print from. We thought that was great....until we tried to use it. We spent all of the time we paid for trying to install Adobe Acrobat Reader so we could actually open the attachment in our email that we wanted to print. The girl at the bar gave us some extra credit, but then the internet stopped working! Apparently it happens all the time....yet they don't fix it...For $230 p/night I would stay elsewhere.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great place will stay again	We stayed at Red Roof Inn Aug 9 - 11th , my husband and I brought our daughter to New York City for her 16th birthday. This was all of our first trip to New York. We stayed at teh Red Roof in based on hubby's co-workers recommendation and it was great. Everything was very clean, our room was alot bigger then I was expecting with a micro wave and bar fridge. Hallways and lobby was also kept very clean. Breakfast area was always stocked and had a pretty good selection of items, one of the toasters was broken on the 2nd morning which backed up people waiting to toast stuff but nothing horrible. I was a little disappointed we could 't get a early check in but no biggie they stored our luggage with no problems. I would say I only had 2 complaints 1 was that the breakfast area is really small, there are quite a few tables but they are really mushed together. 2nd would be elevators being really slow and usually always full, we took the stairs more often then not. But overall great place and I will go back there next time we go to NYC.	
Aug 7 2008 	worst service	This hotel has the worst front desk service that I found in my trips. talk to them is the same as to talk to a wall. My wife and I staied there for 4 days and we missed our taxi, missed our friends, all caused by the bad front desk service. I have an e-mail from the general manager with appologises to prove it.	
Aug 4 2008 	I'd Stay Here Again	Very nice hotel that is very close to Penn Station and I would recommend staying overnight here if you travel by train as it is within walking distance and not have to worry about hailing a cab. Should I come again for an overnight in New York City, I would patronize again since it is also close to Macy's.	
Aug 4 2008 	Aboslutely wonderful hotel	I was absolutely thrilled with this hotel. Clean &amp; a great location are the best words to describe this hotel. It was recently renovated so everything is new, but it is soooo clean. The location is great; steps away from the train, 5th Ave shopping, Herald Sq and the Empire State Building. Great pizza place literally around the corner; Empire Pizza. This was a great rate and a great hotel. Will definately stay there again when we visit NYC next time.	
Jul 22 2008 	GOOD/CLEAN PLACE TO CRASH IN NYC	Our room was very clean and the staff was efficient. Our shower backed up a little and they fixed it immediately. The bar in the lobby was a great plus! The guy working it was very nice &amp; friendly. He even took us out on the town a couple of nights to some great clubs! Would definately go back again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good for the money	We often stay at the same hotel when we travel to NYC for a vacation or long weekend getaway. It was booked so we were referred to the Applecore Hotel chain. We were hesitant to stay somewhere that we weren't familiar with since my first experience in NYC was a disaster because of the hotel. To our surprise the Red Roof Inn was clean, in a good location and affordable. We were fortunate to get a room at the last minute. We booked on a Friday morning for the next day. We were able to book just for the one night which is often difficult in NYC. The hotel was pretty basic and the rooms were small but it was sufficient for the one night that we were there. The only real complaints that we had were the slow elevators and the bathroom door in the room was just about see through which made it difficult to take care of business.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great hotel great location	We booked this hotel after weeks of research and after reading the reviews here. We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of this hotel for the price we paid (cheap for NY we think). The lobby was under renovation but it didn't affect us at all. The rooms were modern, comfortable and spotless. The location was fantastic 1 block from Macys and the Empire State Building. It's located right in the middle of a group of Korean restaurants. The two reasons it didn't get a 5 from me is the breakfast room which was way too small for the numbers using it even though the attendant always did a fantastic job keeping it stocked and clean. Also the bar on the mezzanine over the lobby was dark and unwelcoming.Overall, a great value hotel right in the mix of manhattan. New York is crazy expensive to stay in but this one does best at value without compromise.	
Jul 15 2008 	Good value	This Red Roof Inn was, overall, a good value. It was our first time staying in Manhattan, so I have nothing to compare it to, other than my hotel searches before booking this hotel.PROS: - seemed to be a good price value in comparison - reasonably sized room for what I have heard about hotels in Manhattan (but small in comparison to most  hotels outside of NYC) - very clean - updated decor, flat panel TV - very quiet - free continental breakfast with decent choices (cold) - good locationCONS: - price on a room with 2 double beds significantly higher than same size room with 1 king - slow elevators, and only 2 - continental breakfast facilities way too small - always crowded and hard to find a table	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Location and Great Service	We picked this hotel mainly because of Trip Advisor Ratings and were not disappointed. The Hotel is convenient to most all Manhattan attractions and subway lines. The room although small, was CLEAN and Cool which is good for Manhattan in the summer. We arrived early and were allowed to check in early. The Staff was very nice and helpful. We could not have asked for a nicer place to stay. We will stay there again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Hotel	Very clean. Great Location. Great Price.Was there Summer 2008 for business, but I would recommend to families as well. Close to Empire State Bldg, Penn Station, Madison Sq. Garden. Staff was great	
Jul 6 2008 	Nice hotel minor defects	That's, all in all, a nice hotel, located in good a midtown location (a few blocks from Times Square).Rooms are spacious, clean and well furnished (the ipod dock station is really nice!)Some minor annoyances: - breakfast is poor, and the breakfast room is too little; I suggest you not to pay for the breakfast, and go to one of the many breakfast places outside- the elevators are slow (which is a problem, especially around breakfast time, if your room is at the 18th floor)- acoustic isolation is inadequate All in all, I'd suggest this hotel.	
Jul 5 2008 	Loved the Red Roof Inn	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn from 25th June 2008 to 2nd July 2008, I was really impressed. Friends and colleagues told me about the really small rooms in New York I did not find that, the room was a good size, we were in a twin room on the eigth floor, room 806, both beds were double size and the room was comparable with other hotel rooms I have stayed in, the beds were really comfortable and the bathroom was a good size with lots of towels. The 32 inch TV on the wall was really welcome. We were placed on the back of the hotel and the view was not unpleasant. The breakfast was really substantial, I defy anyone to say there was nothing there they could not eat. On Trip Advisor there have been complaints about the lifts, the lifts are not slow, but there are no stairs so the 2 lifts have to service the whole hotel, we did not find them slow but sometimes you might have to wait a few minutes, chill, you are on your holidays!!There are now fridges in the rooms which I think are a welcome addition, the Americans call them a micro fridge but when it was delivered it is the same size as my fridge that fits under the worktop. If I go back to New York I will definately stay at the Red Roof Inn and have recommended it to my friends and colleagues, the location is central to all the sight seeing and one block away from the Empire State Building. Macys is just across the way and British visitors get 11% discount!!! what more do you need. The bar was much appreciated after a long day on your feet, also, there was wireless internet in the room and a computer set up in the bar, my son thought he had died and gone to heaven.	
Jun 26 2008 	Good but Not so Good	I recently stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan, about two weeks ago to be exact, and I was very pleased. The rooms were very clean and the customer service was fine. The hotel is in a good area about a block from Penn Station and the Empire State Building. There is also a pinkberry across the street, Sweet!When I arrived at the hotel for check in I was asked to provide a credit card and did so. I noticed that the hotel clerk wrote my credit card number on the receipt. I did not think anything of it at the time. The transaction for the hotel did not hit my account until a couple of days after I checked out which I found odd. Well, come to find out my bank contacted me yesterday that someone in Holland was trying to use my credit card number to purchase airline tickets. Luckily the transaction did not go through but I was forced to cancel my credit card and request a new one. I did not use my credit card anywhere else during my stay in NYC. Just be careful...	
Jun 26 2008 	The Red Roof Inn was wonderful!!!	We were very, very pleased. Rooms were spotless - lots of fluffy towels. Bed very comfy. Staff was very pleasant to deal with - very helpful. We were just a block from the Empire State Building - lots of shopping of all types in the area. Would gladly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 26 2008 	Excellent Property Improving Every Visit	The business rooms at this property are pretty flawless for a property of this caliber. The rooms are extremely clean, the business desks are spacious and have the right plugs in the right places. The phone system and the Wireless/LAN connections work as they are supposed to. The free breakfast is more than clean and bountiful for the price of the room in Manhattan. The staff is friendly and efficient all around. I would highly recommentd this property for its convenience and value.	
Jun 26 2008 	Clean well-lighted place	If you arrive in NYC by Amtrak (Penn Station), the Red Roof Inn is an easy walk down 32nd St. The double room was immaculate and suitable for a family of four. The continental breakfast was more than adequate to start the day. The elevators were efficient and the housekeeping staff was accommodating when we requested an extra item. We left our luggage at the front desk at check-out and got another day to sightsee before our afternoon train. An added bonus was the yummy Mandoo Bar dumpling restaurant a couple of doors away.	
Jun 24 2008 	Second stay - Not disappointed!	My husband and I stayed at this location for the second time this June. Since he is a frequent traveler he gets free-room certificates from RRI regularly. We were very happy b/c we were able to use them for the NYC RRI. (It takes two vouchers for this location since it is higher priced than the average RRI.)We were not disappointed this stay. Our room was large enough to accomodate us. The air conditioning worked great and the flat screen TV and ipod doc are nice to come back to after a long day of walking the city.We are anxious to stay here every year we travel to NYC for our anniversary.	
Jun 24 2008 	Location can't be beat	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan June 5- 9, 2008. It was my third time staying on the property, but the first since they completed their renovation. The hotel was of course great. The rooms, although some say are small, I don't think are any different than a standard room outside the city. For 4 of us staying in a 2-double bed room, the space was very comfortable. The continental breakfast was just fine - nothing fancy, but a good selection. The best part of the hotel is its location. You are right on 32nd before 5th Ave. Macys/ Herald Square are right down the street, the subway is too, and the Empire State building is basically 1 block north. Not to mention it is also a short walk downtown to the Flat Iron Building/Madison Square Park (hello, the Shake Shack, which is a must). Now for the not so great. First, I had a friend that helped me to get a discount at this hotel b/c of his connections with Accor. Honestly, I would have stayed there even without the discount, but in NYC a discount always helps. So, when I went to check in (mind you, we arrived around 10 am, the room wasn't ready so they held our bags until 3pm with no problems) at 3 pm the man tried to quickly get me to sign my payment slip before I had even gotten my credit card out. Basically, he tried not to give me the discount that was clearly noted on my reservation. When I tried to ask him about it he said, &quot;Why do you have a discount? How did you get it?&quot;. As if I hacked into the system myself and put that on my reservation. Anywho- I got him to finally give it to me but you could tell he was not happy about it. Next, the elevators! 99.9% of the time they weren't bad but, during breakfast in the morning we waited up to 15 mins and then decided to take the stairs down from the 13th floor. Not fun, but better than waiting. Finally, the maid. I can't remember her name but she did mean well, however, I just wish that being gone from our room between 9 am and 4pm would give you enough time to clean it. The first day this was the case and we were so tired that we just let her clean the bathroom and that was it b/c we didn't want to leave again. The 2nd day was the same, so we left the room once she arrived. By the 3rd day, she was waiting for us to leave b/c I think she decided to go ahead and clean our room first thing in the morning just to avoid our late afternoon meeting. Overall I would totally stay here again and have always recommended friends to stay here. If you weigh the good with the bad it is such a great deal.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great place to stay	Really liked this hotel. Great location, nice clean rooms, quiet. Small hotel meant ease of getting around. Great continental breakfast and FREE!Was recommended to me and I would recommend to my friends!	
Jun 23 2008 	Great locations price too high slow elevators rude staff	I have stayed here a couple of times now and its a great location. However, the elevators are very slow and the staff could use a few customer service classes. They are a little rude and sometimes when they speak to you, you think you are at the local conveinence store. The rates are way too high also. But you are in manhattan so that is expected but even for Manhattan it's pretty high. There is an awesome deli on 32nd. and broadway called speedy's it has great food and good service. All this hotel has to do to improve is: rates a little lower, friendlier staff and upgrade the elevators. The rooms are very clean and remodeled, free internet, free nationwide long distance see not all negative.	
Jun 22 2008 	Good value great location	Just returned from a three night stay at the Red Roof Manhattan. The hotel has a superb location. We were on the 17th floor with a great view of the Empire State Building. Rooms are small but very clean. Breakfast is basic, but replenished on an ongoing basis so there's always enough to eat. Easy walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Madison Square Gardens or the underground (but you won't see as much if you're not on foot!!). Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 21 2008 	Ok budget hotel in a great location	My friend and I stayed here for 4 nights in April. The hotel itself is in a very good location, close to the Emprie State Building, Penn station, subway and Macy's!The room we had was an adequate size and was cleaned daily. The breakfast at this hotel was terrible, the dining room was exceptional cramped a couple of times we ended up taking our breakfasts into the lfit and up 10 floors to our room which is ridiculous-and it wasn't just us doing this. They had an ok selection of continental breakfast items.We found it amusing that the music in the ill-functioning lift was very loud and dramatic for 'lift' music.The reception service was ok, however when I asked for stamps they claimed not to have any and that I had to way for the concierge to get back from her coffee break. I found this quite irritating and after explaining that our cab was arriving in 5mins made no difference to them and we ended up having to skip the stamps.All in all as a budget hotel this was ok.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great location - good value for money	This hotel is basic, clean and excellent value for money. I spent 3 days in NY with my sister and 2 children. The room was clean, the bathroom was sufficient for our requirements and the continental breakfasts were great to get the day started, particularly for a 9 year old who needs food immediately he wakes up. The breakfast room can be a little cramped but we always managed to get a table.The location is perfect. Round the corner from 5th avenue, The Empire State Building and Macy's. We also managed to get tickets for a basketball game at Madison Square Garden which was within walking distance of the hotel.For location, and price this hotel cannot be faulted. It's not the Plaza but if you are on a budget it could be as good as it!	
Jun 18 2008 	Nice Budget Hotel	The Red Roof Inn Manhattan is a nice budget hotel. The 3 star AAA rating that it receives is a bit generous. More a 2 star property. However, the rooms are small but clean and comfortable enough. The location is great right around the corner from the Empire State Building, and easy walks to the subway or to Penn Station. The breakfast is nothing to write home about-some donuts,bagels,cereal, and yogurt, but it's included. The bottom line-you won't find a decent place in midtown Manhattan for a lower price.	
Jun 15 2008 	Red Roof Inn is a good choice	My daughter and I booked a 3-night stay in the Red Roof Inn Manhattan on the reccomendation of friends who had stayed there previously. We were not disappointed. The hotel is ideally located and good value for those who want a shopping/sightseeing trip in New York. It's close to Penn Station, the Port Authority and subways and is within walking distance of many of the major sites and shopping areas.Our room was very clean, the beds were comfortable and the room had everything that we needed. It was cleaned and restocked with towels etc daily. The continental breakast fare was good and although the Breakfast Room was busy we always had a table. From time to time there was a bit of a wait for the lifts but this wasn't a problem for us. We found the staff, especially at the Front Desk to be very friendly and extremely helpful and charming to deal with. All in all a very satisfatory experience for us.	
Jun 14 2008 	Bad Costumer Service !	The hotel is in a very good location but costumer service is very bad , there was a broken chair in my room and when i sat to do some work in my laptop i almost broke my back and my laptop, when i report it to the front desk they told me that they where going to check that out , but well i estay there for a few more days and they did nothing!!! go figure. And the consierge was to busy counting money and answering her cellphone when i tried to ask her a question !!!	
Jun 13 2008 	best value for money in nyc	This is my first review and I'm writing it because we felt so overwhelmingly positive about this place. Admittedly we'd just walked away from the despicable Bowery White House but the Red Roof Inn is awesome, actually awesome.In essence it is just a standard room but the service is friendly, the room is comfortable and very clean and, for the price/location (just over $100) what more could you want? It's in the lower part of midtown, our room looked smack onto the Empire State, an incredible view, and easily accessible to everywhere in Manhattan.I can't big this place up enough. Unless your budget allows you to stay in one of the more 'special' places, you couldn't do much better than the Red Roof Inn.	
Jun 7 2008 	never again	stayed for 3 nights and was glad to leave. rooms cramped and hotel overpriced.	
Jun 4 2008 	This hotel is great!! but...	My husband and I stayed here for four nights at the end of May 2008. We have stayed here before - and we love this hotel due to the great location, the breakfast that is provided, and the price. Unfortunately, this stay was not so great. When we arrived, we were checked into a room on the &quot;penthouse level&quot; (level 17). Unfortunately Level 17 is the worst level of the entire hotel. There is a really loud noise emitting from the &quot;Engine Room&quot; - which does not stop during the night. In addition, when taking a shower, the water pressure would reduce to a trickle, then two seconds later, go back to full blast. This is quite annoying when taking a shower. I mentioned this to the front desk on my first day - and they said they would &quot;look into it&quot;. Nothing was done to fix this during our stay.We have not had any similar problems with any rooms on any other level. We would stay there again, however if we are offered a room on level 17, we would decline this and ask to be assigned to another level.	
Jun 4 2008 	Good price for an Average Room	Pros* Clean room* Good location* Staff were generally helpful* Free calls within the US* Decent enough breakfast included with stayCons* Had to ask more than once to get things in my room fixed* A/C did not work * Very slow elevators* Ice machines did not work on a few levels which meant i had to keep waiting for the SLOW elevators* No coin operated laundry machines	
Jun 1 2008 	Awesome -- Couldn't have wished for better!	My husband and I couldn't have been more pleased with the Red Roof Inn, Manhattan! We had to basically find a place to stay based on internet research alone! That can be a bit scary, especially when people's standards are so varied, and we don't know the city at all.I will admit that I was a little skeptical due to the great rate - when this hotel is in a great location. Most hotels downtown are much more expensive. It is very close to Times Square, right around the corner from the Empire State Building. You can't get much better.It has been recently remodeled and other than being small, it was one of the nicest rooms I have been in. (And who cares about small when you are supposed to be spending time in the city?!?!) Huge bed, great continental breakfast -- the list goes on.I highly recommend this hotel and will be choosing it again the next time I visit NYC -- It is great for the money!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Extremely Freindly Staff	We booked the Hotel for one week on tripadvisor reviews.We were not disappointed. The room was clean, large enough and quiet.The staff was extremely helpful whenever we needed any help.We will definitely stay there again.Thank you for making our stay in NY so pleasant.	
May 27 2008 	Great base for NYC	I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. The location is excellent. The room was spotlessly clean. Housekeeping called each day &amp; there were plenty of clean towels. We didn't have a view of ESB but we didn't mind. Our room was at the back of the hotel on the ninth floor so it was quiet. The only noise was the vending machine down the corridor but after awhile I never even noticed the noise anymore. Ok so the breakfast room is small &amp; you may have to stand while waiting for a table but it wasn't a big deal for us. The breakfast staff were not the friendliest - they're obviously not morning people! No problems when checking in or out &amp; the staff were courteous. They organised a private car back to JFK for us. €50 + toll. I will stay here again if I ever visit NYC as the location can't be beaten	
May 23 2008	Great Find	What a find! Great little hotel. Room was a reasonable size for New York. Complimentary Breakfast excellent, very small dining room so took to room to consume, Gave us a good start to the day. Just around the corner from the Empire State Building. Handy for most places of interest. Easy walk to Broadway. Would definitely return. Excellent value for money!	
May 20 2008 	Great Location but not worth the trouble!	I agree with some of the other reviews on this site, that the rooms at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan were very clean and modern. My extented family and I stayed there before departing and after returning from a cruise. Our first night was fine, and in fact we were quite pleased with the hotel. It is close to the Empire State Building, and the train, and we eager to return and spend time sight seeing in New York with the hotel as a centrally located base. However, when we tried to check back in there were a lot of problems. We were informed that even though we had a confirmation number and had booked in December of 2007, we were only booked in for three nights instead of four. Further we were informed that the rate for the additional night would be $385, $177 more than we had originally been quoted. When we questioned this rate, we were told that was the price and there was no negotiation. We pointed out that we had a confirmation number and that the number of nigts and the ratest had been booked in December, but were told that computer said we were staying for thee nights not four and so even though we a confirmation number given when we booked there was nothing to be done. When we asked why the rate was such a drastic increase from what we had been quoted, $208, we were told that that rate was wrong and in fact if we wished to stay our rate was $275 per night for the first three nights and then $385 for the fourth. We said that this was not what we had confirmed, but we were told, again, that that was what the computer said. We then attempted to cancel our three rooms, but were informed that Red Roof Inn policy states that all cancellations must be made 24 hours previously and that as we had stayed there before we were familiar with the policy so even if we decided to leave the hotel and find other accomodations we would be charged for our rooms. We pointed out that we were in the middle of the Atlantic ocean the day before and that we didn't at that point in time know there was a problem that would require us to change hotels and we were again told that Red Roof Inn policy requires a 24 hour cancellation and we would be charged for the rooms whether or not we used them. We very reluctantly stayed the night, and left the following morning, after paying over $60 dollars a room more than we had been quoted and had confirmed. We filed a complaint with Red Roof Inn corporation and when after hearing nothing for a week we placed a follow up call, we were informed that it was most likely we would never hear anything back as this location was know to be unwilling to &quot;give refunds,&quot; or to negotiate in any way. We booked three rooms on two separate nights and were prepared to book one room for another four nights, and we recieved no help. Our rates were changed by at least 60 dollars in each room, and this was after we had confirmed and booked in advance. After confirming twice on the phone, our reservation was filed incorrectly. And we were not given any help or cooperation from the front desk staff, or the corporate staff when we spoke to them. We didn't want any special treatment or rates, but simply what we had booked and confirmed four moths previously. This hotel has a great location, the rooms were clean and modern and the housekeeping and bell staff were friendly but based on the poor level of customer service at the front desk and the total lack of corporate response, I will never recommend it, or another Red Roof Inn property to anyone.	
May 19 2008	Great Stay	We had 4 nights in NYC. Never having been there before just took a stab in the dark over the Internet. We were very pleasantly surprised by the hotel considering its low star rating. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Gave us toothbrushes and toothpaste when our luggage was 24 hours behind us. They directed us to a sister hotel across the road for free Internet use when our in room service didn't work. Great location - so close to everything. Breakfast was good but often very crowded. But didn't really go to NYC to waste too much time eating breakfast anyway.	
May 18 2008	Good location unfriendly staff	This is an average hotel. I stayed here for 2 nights. I go to New York about twice a year to visit family so therefore am familiar with the city. I booked here based on the reviews but guess people have difffent expectations. My experiences were as follows:Pros: Good location, close to 2 subway lines. King size room which was small but clean. Breakfast was nothing to write home about in a very crowded room. Cons: The staff. This was the most unfriendly, unhelpful staff that I have encountered. Luckily, I did not require much service. The review which said not to get a taxi from the front desk was vey helpful. They get you a private car which costs a lot more. Also, no computer in lobby to print off boarding passes. The management here has a flyer that says they encourage especially postive reviews. Well, they are something that have to be earned and a friendly staff would help greatly. I had a fanastic time in New York but I will try somewhere else next time.	
May 18 2008 	Ideal Location!	My wife and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan May 13-May 17, 2008. We arrived early morning, about 9am and the hotel held our bags until check in. The hotel is located on W. 32st in the Korean district, only a very short walk from the Empire State Building. Subway access is also a couple minute walk away. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms have been recently remodeled and are very nice! The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. We asked and receieved a window view of the Empire State, which was really cool. The room also has a 32&quot; plasma TV, cordless phones, hair dryer, iron, wi-fi and a coffee maker. There were no funky smells, everything looked and felt brand new. The bathroom had a tiled floor and a granite sink and plenty of towels. The complimentary breakfast buffet incuded breads. bagels, donuts, cereal and fruit. Great if you dont want to pay $15/person at a restaurant. I however, enjoy people watching at 8am during breakfast at a streetside cafe. It's worth the $ to me!And now for the bad....The shower sucked. The shower head is a generic, one setting unit that would lose pressure when another guest would flush their toilet. Although the water was always hot, the pressure went from bad to worse. A couple of the towels we received on day 2 smelled like lighter fluid, which was weird. They were immediately replaced when asked. The walls are paper thin and we were next to the elevator. The only operating ice machine was located on the 4th floor, which at first I thought was an inconvenience until I used it and learned how loud it was. I was then glad to make the 10 floor hike to retrieve ice! Overall, I really liked the hotel and would definately stay here again unless they raise their price (I paid $208/night). The location truely cannot be beat for the price!	
May 12 2008	NO CUSTOMER SERVICE	I was suppose to stay here on May 9th but my flight was cancelled once for mechanical and once for weather on the same day. I could not make to New York at all. This hotel refused to give me my refund for confirming the room even though these circumstances were out of my control. I have complained to the manager only to receive the &quot;Too Bad&quot; attitude. I am now being charged on my credit card for services not rendered. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 9 2008 	GREAT PLACE TO STAY	Traveling in areas where you know you will only be in your room for a limited time, eg. NYC, Hong Kong, Vegas etc. the most important aspect of the room is... HOW CLEAN IS IT!! And this place does a good job of keeping the rooms tidy and clean. Like others said room is actually a decent size (go to HK or Japan than you'll know small), and has a safe which is pretty important. Location is great, 5 mins to the train, close to food, tons of Korean restaurants downstairs, and a Pinkberry to boot. You can get to everywhere from here. Super close to the Empire State building (get a higher floor for a better view). Staff was great, I had to book an one extra day, prior to my reservation not tack on one at the end. They did this without a hitch even though my request was under 24hrs.Biggest complaint has to be the elevators. REALLY SLOW as there is one that services the entire hotel. But like I said not a deal breaker if you are just going to stop off drop off your purchases, than shower to hit the night life!!If you are looking for great value for your dollar this is one hotel you cannot pass.	
May 9 2008 	great location	Just come back from a 5 nights stay at the red roof inn. The location is grreat. Just round the corner from Empire state building.Penn station is 10 minutes away and there is a subway at the end of the road. If you are there for a fair period would recommened you buy a seven day unlimited travelcard valid on the subway , buses and cablecar, It great value for $25.00.Yes you do a lot of walkin while you are there ,but it so easy and convenient to hop on the subway.The hotel is very good value for money. Breakfast very nice with a good choice of bagels, doug nuts , cereal and toast.Agree that the lifts are very slow, but a small price to pay for the location.check in staff very nice and helpful and room spacious with a big confortable bed , which you need after a busy day sight seeing. There is a very nice bar there as well.Would definately stay there again.	
May 3 2008	Best value in Manhattan!	This has to be the best value in Manhattan. We paid $199 per night for a King room, which was nearly half of what the 3 and 4 star hotels in the area were charging. This room was emaculent, and very luxurious. It had a flat screen TV and an easy to use safe which was very important to me. There was a congierge on the 1st floor and a lounge on the 2nd floor. Best of all, it had a free continental breakfast which saves you from going to an expensive New York restaurant. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We arrived before 11:00 A.M. and asked them to check our bags while we explored the area. But to our surprise, the hotel clerk said our room was ready and let us check-in over 4 hours before the official check-in time. Also the location can't be beat. It's 2 blocks from the Empire State Building, close to the subway, and within walking distance from Times Square and Rockefeller Center.This hotel felt like a luxury hotel at an economy motel price ($199 is cheap for a clean room on a weekday in Manattan). Plus your saving even more when you figure in the free continental breakfast which you won't get at other 3 or 4 star hotels. I just can't figure out why its called the Red Roof Inn. Most Red Roofs I've stayed in are budget motels. This is much nicer. It's more like a Hampton Inn or a Fairfield Inn. Book it, you won't be sorry!	
Apr 30 2008 	Central location comfortable	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The location is great, we didn't have to use taxi at all. Room is a good size, clean. It was a bit cold but we turned the heating on for little while just to warm it up. Bed was great! It was very comfortable and huge. We were lucky as we had a view of the Empire State Building from our room on the 13th floor. At breakfast time you might wait longer for a lift. The first morning we had breakfast at the 'breakfast room', but it is really tiny so the next few mornings we took it to our room and I would recommend doing that. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 29 2008	Nice Place	I have been in New York city first time. I was with my wife. I booked the hotel from its site. It is close to Penn station and one street to Empire State. Great Location. Good Breakfast. LCD in rooms. The air condition is working a little bit noisy, but I think it is a nice place to stay in New York city.	
Apr 28 2008 	Value for Money in an ideal location	Stayed here 22nd April - 27 April 2008. Ideal location for major attractions of New York - Empire State Building just around the corner, Times Square 20 minutes walk or one stop on the sub-way, Broadway 20 minutes, I could go on but too much to mention. Subway at the end of the road and you could basically get to anywhere from here with maybe a change at one station. We were located on the 16th floor and the room was very clean and a nice size with LCD TV, bath/shower, internet access, iron &amp; ironing board, daily maid service, tea/coffee making facilities. Our outlook was on opposite side to Empire State Building, however, no road noise or problems. Complimentary breakfast just the job to start the day off - would recommend to try and get breakfast before 8.30 as it seemed to be less busy as small room. Staff friendly enough and room rate was good. Our only gripe was the lack of speed with the lifts. I would definitely come back again.	
Apr 25 2008 	Please don't stay here.......	My daughters and I had planned on traveling to New York on April 18th for their birthday. This would have been our first trip there and we were all excited. Prior to our trip my daughter became very ill and we coldn't travel. When I called to cancel my reservations they couldn't find it. I was told that there was NO reservation made in my name. HA! The next day, I called again just to make sure that the person I spoke to earlier had been correct. Once again, they couldn't find my reservation. However, once they put in the confirmation number it popped up under a mispelled last name. Red Roof Inn didn't have the right name, but they did manage to enter my debit card information into the computer correctly. Although this was clearly a mistake on the part of the Red Roof Inn, they continued to charge me. $300.00 for the first night. It went through on my account before we were even due to leave. It was to late for me to do a stop payment. They also took another $30.00 out. I don't even no what this charge was for. Once I complained to guest services I was told that this is TYPICAL FOR THAT HOTEL MANAGEMENT! This hotel is a franchise and there is nothing anyone can do. So, they just take my money FOR NOTHING. I PAID OVER $300.00 FOR THEIR MISTAKE AND I RECEIVE NOTHING IN RETURN! Ahhh...I am so mad. I was hoping to travel in August but will NOT be staying there. The sad thing is that I really DID NOT have that money. I have a sick daughter, a broken down vehicle, and a bank account now in the NEGATIVE. If for no other reason, other than MY STORY ..... PLEASE STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice place in a fantastic location.	I stayed there with my husband and children for 2 nights, on the 12th floor. The rooms are a decent size and bathrooms very clean. The hotel staff is courteous and the complimentary breakfast has a an awesome spread. The best part is the proximity to all he sites in Manhattan - The Empire state (re)building is almost next door, it took us 15min to walk to the Times Square and the train station is 2 min from the hotel. The only down side is that the street is a bit stinky, maybe because of all the restuarants around. If you're a fan of Korean/Chinese/Vietnamese food, there are lots of restaurants around, but if you're vegetarian (like me) you're at a loss of this street.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great	Stayed here for 2 nights, we arrived 2 hours before check in but the very friendly staff at the desk said our room was ready and we could check in straight away. The room although on the small side was more than adequate for us and the vast amount of luggage we had accumulated as this was our last stop of a 3 week vacation. Had a great view of the Empire State Building. The bed was really comfortable and coffee making facilities were available in the room. The bathroom was absolutely spotless with lots of towels and decent toiletries. The only time we had a problem with the lifts was the day we left as they are compact and if guests from higher floors are going down there is not enough room for the luggage - a bit of patience and you will manage it. The hotel is in a great location with Macy's just around the corner. It is on the edge of Korea town and we felt safe all the time even late at night. Check out the frozen yoghurt shop opposite you won't be disappointed, Cannot recommend this hotel enough - it was great value and we will definitely book in again next time we visit New York.	
Apr 19 2008 	Red Roof NYC	My daughters and I had a nice stay at this hotel. I would advise you to check out the prices at the hotel's site for the best rate. It beat my AAA discount. Also fly into Laguardia for the best deal on taxi fare. It was our first visit to New York City and I wanted a hotel in the middle of it all. This hotel was far enough from Times Square to allow you a good nights sleep but close enough to walk to places like the subway. It is just a block away from the Empire State Building. The free continental breakfast (bagels, cereal, yogurt, fruit) was satisying. The small eating area is busy but we always found a table when we arrived about 8:30-9:00am. The staff was friendly and helpful enough. My only complaint is that there is no self-use washer and dryer on the premises and best of luck finding one in the city. The hotel does offer a laundry service at a fee but I chose to save my money for shopping. There is a cheap souvenior shop on the corner and a fair tasting pizza joint (Empire Pizza) next to it. For dining I do recommend Maui Taco just up street.If you can get a staff member to take you on the roof, the view of the city and the Empire State Building is beautiful.The bottom line is that I would stay there again. We were so on the go that the hotel was just a place to sleep and that is the way it should be in the city!	
Apr 14 2008 	Do not rely on your reservation confirmations	I had a confirmation number of W841212-BS for our stay at red roof inn for 10th - 13th of April for 3 room.When we arrived to the hotel for check in, we are informed that our reservation was cancelled ! without any mail or warning ! and there is no available rooms to us.The front office clerk tried to help us and managed a terrible room at La quinta to me, send one of our guy to Ramada and then gived to him again a room with different price at Red Roof Inn, and send the other one to a totally different hotel ! Our Manhattan visit returned to a nightmare. Additionally the rooms are 2/3 sizes of the picture shown at their internet pages, if you have two international luggage you will have a troubles	
Apr 10 2008 	Average hotel no light sleepers	Stayed there during Easter. The room was comfy, clean and neat, but cold. The heater was so loud that u couldn't sleep while it was on. Plus the cleaning ladies kept so much noise in the morning that it was difficult to sleep after 7 o'clock. We could also hear some toddler screaming together with his/her dad every morning in their room, so suppose the sound isolation is poor on window and door...Otherwise liked it and liked the location.	
Apr 10 2008 	Fab Location!	Clean, great location, polite staff, good breakfast. Good for Penn Station. I found all hotels expensive for what they were in Manhattan but this seems more realistic.	
Apr 9 2008 	Excellent Midtown hotel 	My mom and I stayed at this hotel in March for four nights. We were very pleased with our stay and would not hesitate to stay here again in the future. Check in was fast and easy and our room was on the 13th floor with a view of the Hotel Wolcott across the street. Our room had two double beds, a nice bathroom, and flat screen tv. The beds were VERY comfortable and I slept ver well the entire stay. The room was always spotless and the maid was very friendly and there was an abundance of towels. Water pressure in the shower was fine. The walls are a little thin and the rooms very close together so you will hear your neighbors coming and going, although we didn't find this to be a big deal. The lobby was being retiled while we were there but the day we checked out they looked to be finishing it up. There are only two elevators and they are kind of slow, although I don't think we ever waited more than 5 minutes for one. The location of the hotel is great. It is in the Korean district and only a couple of blocks from Macy's and the Empire State building. It is about a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Very convenient. They have a continental breakfast on the 2nd floor everyday, but my mom and I never tried it so I cannot comment on it. Instead we ate at The Bagel Shop (that's the name) down the street. Very good made to order bagels as well as a buffet including pastries and fruit. Tip: If you bring a laptop with you there is free WiFi and after a long day of walking one day my mom and looked up places that delivered in the hotel's vicinity and ordered dinner from the Cheyenne Diner nearby. The concierge stood outside in the freezing cold wind for 30 minutes trying to flag down a cab for us to return to the airport after we checked out. We thought he went above the call of duty and tipped him accordingly. Again, very friendly staff. Overall, this is a great hotel if you are on a budget but need a nice, safe place to stay that is centrally located.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great location and nice hotel	I stayed in this hotel the weekend before Christmas last December for 2 nights. I picked it based on reviews and was not disappointed. The location was great, just 2 blocks from the Empire state building a 2 blocks the other direction from Macys. (Macys had 24Hr opening that weekend)!. Also the train station is only 2 blocks away. If you are light on luggage I would definetly suggest getting the train from Newark and walking the 2 blocks to the hotel. As I had luggage I got the blue van Airport Shuttle from Newark to the hotel. The hotel, though small and narrow was very clean and new looking. The room though small (as is standard) had everything I needed and was very clean and nice. I was on something like the 15th floor and had a view of the top of the Empire building out my window.There is a tour desk in the lobby from which I bought my sightseeing hop-on hop-off bus ticket. You can walk the 2 blocks to the Empire state building to pick up the bus tour. I also booked my shuttle back from the airport there as well. Breakfast as a buffet and was included in the rate. The breakfast room is a bit small and has no windows- both mornings I had trouble getting a seat and a few people ended up eating standing up. I gues it was rush hour for breakfast!. The food selection was average - cerals, doughnuts, bagels etc. However it was enough to get me started for the day.Overall I was very happy with the hotel selection and would stay there again. Christmas is also a great time to visit New York! There was a great buzz about the place.	
Apr 2 2008 	Location Location Location	Simply put, this is superbly located, just off broadway on 32nd (15 min walk to Times Square), right opposite the Empire State Building, Madison Square garden is 2 blocks away, on the corner of 5th Ave and on top of the 34th Street Subway. What more can you ask for from a budget hotel?Rooms are basic but clean, reasonably sized, well maintained with good TV (cant say we had time to watch it) and comfortable.Stayed for a week mid March and for the cost £670 myself and my girlfriend found it to be great value.Only thing I'd mention was that we had a room 901 (and I assume all rooms from 201 to 1401 are the same) that was next to the lift which if your not up early (between 8am and 9am) then you could be woken up with people waiting on the lifts. Thankfully we were always up so was never an issue.If you want budget accomodation with central location, go for it.	
Mar 27 2008 	great view	kilkenny irelandjust returned from 4 night stay ,comfortable bed ,very clean, great view of empire state building,All staff helpul and allowed to check in early. Excellent breakfast even if breakfast room a little crowded. Location could not be beaten and so quiet for new york . Would defin. stay again.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great value in a great central location....and updated rooms too!	Just came back from a 2 night stay. This is our 2nd time, after a 2 year absence. Hotel is a great value with clean, upgraded rooms with new flat panel TV, new, very comfortable mattresses, new, streamlined bathrooms. Everything in the room and on our floor was neat, clean, bright and very comfortable. The only 2 things I found not to my liking were: the frequently used elevators (only 2), so people had to wait for a more empty one....especially busy in the a.m. AND the breakfast room was very small with limited seating, but people often took their breakfast items to the room. While the continental breakfast might not appeal to some (basic quality), you can still find bananas, apples and yogurt, juice and hard boiled eggs. Skip the doghnuts. Didn't have whole wheat toast, but what the heck......this hotel is still great value! I have recommended to many friends who have also been very pleased. Great value, great location!	
Mar 14 2008	Perfect Hotel Perfect Location	We stayed here in Feb 08 in room 515. The hotel is in a perfect location and is central to all the sights of New York. Our room was cleaned to perfection everyday and we found the staff to be very helpful. The breakfast room was a bit crowded some mornings but this wasnt too much trouble for us as you can take food out and eat it in your room. The breakfast had everything you could ever want and we even loaded up on bagals for pack lunches some days! The internet didnt work in our room but we did have a million channels on the t.v (perfect for watching sports!) The only thing I would say is that the taxi the hotel arrange to take you back to the airport is over twice the price of any you can hail from the street. My advice would be to check out and grab a taxi on the road, its far far cheaper! Overall this hotel is in a central location, secure and clean. A perfect stay in NYC!	
Mar 13 2008 	Great Hotel - location price etc	We stayed in Red Roof for 7 nights and we were delighted. I was really apprehensive going there as I was disapointed with the hotel I stayed in last time I visited. The room was nice, bathroom was clean, cool TV, comfy bed, nice staff, complimentarybreakfast , plenty of clean towels daily - my only complaint ( and it isn't much) - the hotel has the 2 slowest lifts ever.The staff minded our bags upon checkout this allowed us to do last minute dash to shops etc. They also organised a taxi to JFK , lovely driver and pleasant trip.The location was excellent- just around the corner from Macys, Empire State etc, Subway at the end of the street.To top it all off- the room rate was very good- couldn't have been better. Would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend	
Mar 13 2008	rubbish service from the front desk	One month after I checked out and paid in full, I have managed to have the hold placed on my debit card by the Red Roof Hotel removed. I had two rooms booked on two different cards I paid for them both with one card and they maintained a hold for more than the total amount of the two rooms on my other card??? What right do they have to do that?	
Mar 12 2008 	Very convenient	Was very happy with my hotel choice here: I would say that this was a very good price/quality ratio (on NY standards) especially taking into account the fabulous location. As yes, the location is fabulous, much better than some noisy streets near Times Square. The hotel is right in the corner of 5th avenue (and also few steps away from Broadway) and is right beside the Empire State Building and 34th street shopping (which, believe me, is much more affordable than in 5th avenue). Took about 15-20 minutes to walk to Times Square. The west 32nd street is quiet (=quiet rooms) but very safe, never felt unsafe anyware near the hotel (and safety is no. 1 in my book). Rooms are nice and clean, with nice big tv. Beds are funny: first I though that that the mattress is hard, but boy did it turn out to be comfortable - it kind of adjusted to your body, so very good beds. The pillows were excellent too, none of those large hard ones which make you think you have a large rock under your head.Breakfast room is small, but was not full if you went prior to 8 am. But can't say what it will be like in the rush season but you can always take food up to your room. Only negatives I have are the elevators (they are a bit old and slow, but hey, you are on vacation and have no hurry) and the service (which is mediocar at best). And also there is not much water pressure in the showers. But as price, location and safety are the most important factors for me, thus I am giving this hotel a 4. Would book again. Some other NY tips: do not miss the Broadway musical Wicked at the Gershwin Theather: simply fenomenal: tickets might be a bit more expensive than for other shows but well worth it. And if you get hungry: the Brewery in the empire state building's building (on 5th avenue) is very good and also the Korean restaurants on 32nd street.	
Mar 10 2008	Excellent - Pure Excellent!	Visit NYC often - always stay more in upscale hotels, I was a little concerned about the &quot;Red Roof&quot; name...but when I arrived I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful intimate lobby. Then off to my room...WOW - better than most upscale hotels! Contemporary, stylish, immaculate, unbelievable! Flat screen televisions - the works...and FREE Hi-Speed Internet in NYC - unheard of! This place is the best! I still cannot believe it and the price! WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 8 2008 	Loved the Big Apple	We have just returned from a six night break at the Red Roof Inn. The hotel is in a great position for sightseeing being near to the Empire State Building and within easy walking distance of other attractions and shops. The room was warm and comfortable, having been recently refurbished to a high standard. The bathroom was very clean with fresh towels daily. There was coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron and a fantastic 32&quot; television. The included continental buffet breakfast was great and meant we could set off on our day well fed. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and thought it was great value for money.	
Mar 7 2008 	Fantastic Location	Just back from a 4 night stay at the Red Rood. 2nd visit. Rooms have been updated and the LCD TV was a great bonus. Room was clean, a little small but we were hardly ever there. Staff very friendly and helpful. Had breakfast only 2 mornings as wanted to go out for breakfast too. Seating in breakfast room was available although it was early when we got there. Enjoyed the location so much, right by the Empire State, Macy's etc. We walked everywhere! Held our bags for us on last day when we did the last minute bits of shopping. It is not a luxurious hotel by any means but was perfect for someone who doesnt spend much time in the hotel. There was a bit of noise late at night on one night particulary - we were only on the 5th floor - its probably better to have a higher floor although you will wait an age for the lift.. over all would visit again for location....	
Feb 28 2008 	Excellent Budget Hotel	Recently got back from a 5 night stay at Red Roof Inn, Manhattan. The location of this hotel is brilliant, 10mins walk from Times Square &amp; Broadway and good subway access. Good sized room, plenty of space to move around even with the 2 massive suitcases. We booked 5 months in advance and requested a view of the Empire State Building, which we got. My sister &amp; her husband, who were travelling with us, booked 2 months ago and were not so lucky with their room. Upon arrival they were put in a Smoking room despite having booked non-smoking. They immediately went to request a room change and were told that their booking wasn't an actual booking, merely a request. Unwilling to accept this they insited that they get a non-smoking room and the girl on reception was very unhelpful until the manager eventually stepped in and sorted things out. Breakfast was fine, good to fill up on before a day sight-seeing. The breakfast room is very small for the size of the hotel, but we only had to eat in our rooms on one day. We would definitely reccommend this hotel, excellent price and location, probably one of the best value hotels in New York.	
Feb 20 2008 	Good Value Central Location	We had a 3 night stay in January in a famliy room, room was small but adequate. The best part - great value for money as it is so centrally located to tourist attractions, the theatre, transport, shopping and food.The staff are not overly helpful and the tour desk operator was more concerned with texting on her mobile and doing her finger nails than helping customers!! The front desk staff did however let us have a late checkout (3pm) without additional cost so this was a bonus.The breakfast room is too small and always crowded - would recommend you take your breakfast back to your room as there is minimal seating available and if you are lucky to get a seat, other customers are hovering over you to grab your seat as soon as you move!!Would stay here again as it is a clean, budget hotel. If going to New York for the first time definitely take a hop on, hop off bus and queue for half price tickets to shows at Times Square (although the queue seems long, it moves really fast- however be there early to get the better shows!)	
Feb 20 2008 	clean great location	The hotel is in a great location - 2 blocks from the Empire State Building! The room was basic, but when you're exploring a city all you need is a clean base, with a comfy bed (it was, very) &amp; a decent shower (it was, very). (And it had a huge TV!)The breakfast was nice - eggs, bagels, doughnuts, cereal, fruit, yogurt, fruit juice, tea &amp; coffee. There were only about 10 tables, but if it was busy, it would be empty in 5mins! Or you could take your food back to your room. We never had a problem finding a table though.Free paper every day in reception.I'd definitely stay again, and recommend to a friend.Its so close to everything.	
Feb 19 2008 	A great stay	I know that review is a little delayed(!) but just wanted to say what a plesant stay we had at the Red Roof. This was down to the really helpful and friendly staff . Our room was really comfortable, with a big plasma screen (not that you had anytime or even wanted to watch TV!) and a view of the Empire State Building outside our window. The breakfasts were really generous too even if the breakfast lounge was a little small, best to try and get their early. The hotel is situated in the Korean quarter of Manhattan, well worth exploring the resturants around there, and you're not that far away from Macy's and the Empire Site of course. We also had a great taxi ride to JFK on our way back, which was booked directly by the staff.	
Feb 19 2008	Good value hotel by NYC standards	Had spent a lot of time trawling the internet trying to find a good deal on a hotel room in NYC in December and unless I was prepared to spend over £150 per night it just wasnt happening.Heard of Red Roof through a newspaper article on budget hotels in NYC. Looked it up on the website and was able to get a double room, just off 5th Ave for £80 per night including breakfast and free wireless internet.The hotel was located in a good location with 2 subway lines nearby and the Penn Stationa few blocks walk. Also lots of places to eat nearby (located in Little Korea).Room was compact without feeling too cramped with a nice big LCD TV on the wall. The bed was comfoartable, the bathroom was clean and came with a big stock of towels.Breakfast was average - lots of doughnuts and bagels, porridge oats etc, although the breakfast room was often crowded - so sometimes it was better to fill up a plate and take back to room.Have to agree with some other reviews, the staff were very indifferent and lacked some basic politeness!In summary, getting what you pay for is not always the case in NYC, however this hotel is pretty good value for money with all the basics included in the cost. Would i stay again? Well i would have look at some of the more 'prestige' hotels and if i wasnt prepared to fork out the inflated rates they charge then i would happily go back to Red Roof.	
Feb 18 2008 	Excellent Value	Stayed at the Red Roof for 6 nights in February. The location was excellent , the hotel itself was very good. The rooms were sufficiently big and clean. Continental breakfast was very good also, although the breakfast room got crowded at times. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Destroyed holiday	We stayed here in January and we had the worst experience. We returned to our room one day to find $1300 missing.The manager was sooo rude and unhelpful, more or less roaring at us. Got a swipe key card print out of who had entered our room in the time we were away and while not laying blame on anyone. The only persons who were there were Housekeeping. The manager told us this had never happened before. The police told us that this was not the case. Also when we said that we would complain to the hotel chain itself. The manager more or less told us not to bother, as the complaint would come back to him and he would give the same answer.We were also informed that meetings had been set up for every hotel in the area re Tourists and Security and this was the only hotel not to attend. We got in contact with the franchise on return and as of yet had no satisfactory reply. They have completely washed theie hands of it and we have been told to get in contact with the hotel owner. Even though he has received a copy of our complaint.I would strongly advise against staying here, especially in the terms of security.	
Feb 17 2008 	Lovely!	I stayed in this hotel about 4 years ago but looking at the pictures, it hasn't changed at all! Came to NY with my mum and we loved the hotel so much, we booked it again during a second trip to the city. The double room we stayed in was very large, with a big TV, HUGE bed and coffee machine. We had a gorgeous view of the Empire State Building which was very close by.The best things about the hotel was the clean large rooms and the friendly staff. Breakfast was included in a room on the upper floors.The location was excellent, only 10 blocks from Times Square and less than a minute walk from the nearest subway. Macy's in Herald Square, the Manhattan Mall and the Empire State building were also very close by.As far as I can remember, the ONLY thing I didn't like about this hotel was the heating system- it blew out lots of warm air which in turn sucked out all the moisture in the room!	
Feb 16 2008 	A huge surprise- Nice Value Hotel	On a trip during February vacation with my husband and our four year old daughter, her first trip to the big city. When we first drove up I was a bit scared but due to the holiday and a vacation week the choices in New York were slim. I had read reviews that gave the hotel good reviews so booked it two night's before we arrived. $189 for 1 night non-smoking, queen size bed, included breakfast and free internet. I was plesantly surprised. The room was small but very clean and well kept everything looked brand new. The desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Only a short walk or subway ride to Times Square, lot of shopping a block away. I recommend....the outside apperance does not do this hotel any justice.	
Feb 16 2008	Phenomenal Value	This is possibly the best value in Manhattan. We stayed on the top floor as several reviews indicated that the upper floors had been renovated. We were pleasantly surprised with the decor, the flat screen television and the impeccable cleanliness. Location is fantastic. Breakfast is continental plus and for the price we were surprised it was included. Elevators are slow but will not have a negative impact on your stay. Highly recommend this hotel for travellers with or without a budget.	
Feb 14 2008 	Fantastic	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the red roof in and couldn't fault it at all.We requested a room with a view of the empire state building and were not disappointed when we were given a room on the 15th floor. The rooms we spotless and more than adequate in size for two people and a hell of a lot of shopping bags! We ate breakfast out most mornings due to the fact that we wanted to experience the city rather than staying in the hotel but the one day we did sample the food it was fine. The staff seemed friendly we had no need to complain about anything. The rooms were of a good temperature and we had no cause to use the heating even though we were there during the recent cold snap.The location of the hotel was supurb and i would return and recommend it to others without hesitation. You can walk to Times Square in about 10 mins and we found ourselves walking everywhere so we didn't mis any sites.All i can say is book the red roof if you want a clean and comfortable hassle free stay.	
Feb 13 2008	excellent	Excellent location. Lovely breakfast. Great service. Clean and modern rooms. Highly recommended.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Location at Great Price	I am from Singapore. I was in New York with my wife from 23 Jan 08 to 28 Jan 08. We had heard about Red Roof inn from my wife's cousin working in Virginia and so decided to book the hotel. Due to off peak winter rates, the room only cost US$150 per night. With my wife's AAA membership it was even cheaper at US$147. We requested a high floor and were delighted to get a room on the 16th floor. The room was nicely decorated and came with wireless internet. Bathroom was top notch. However, the heater/aircon kinda goes through cold to warm...so if you're the picky type, you'll have trouble with the room. The location was incredible. Right next to Empire State building and next to Penn Station, we were able to get anywhere easily and safely. With Macy's just nearby and Times Square a train stop away, Red Roof Inn was perfect for our Manhattan tour. We were also able to book an airport shuttle from the hotel lobby when we left, which saved us quite a sum. It was US$22 per person but we would recommend a private car for a little more at US$55, so there's no hassle over luggage space on the transport. Overall, we would come back here in a flash. But do book a high floor as it can can noisy on the low floors.	
Feb 8 2008 	Wonderful!	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan (32nd Street &amp; 5th Ave) from Jan 10 to 13, 2008. I was extremely pleased with the hospitality, room and value and will definitely stay there again. The rooms are clean and newly renovated, with comfortable beds and a large television. The management was very friendly and attentive. The location cannot be beat. Overall, a great experience and a wonderful value.	
Jan 27 2008 	Mixed experience	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan as part of a family celebratory weekend. We had two rooms with 4 adults in each. We stayed here because of the favorable reviews, good location, and reasonable price (&lt;$200). Overall, our hotel stay was marginal. The hotel staff was unhelpful and rude. They require that you pay in full at the beginning of your stay which in my experience is not customary. In fact, they deactivated our keys one day because we had only paid for 1 day despite having a 3 night reservation - quite annoying after a long day of sightseeing. The rooms were small but likely not unusual for the city. However, there was little ventilation and the wall unit only blasted hot air so it was somewhat stuffy all night. The rooms were fairly clean although there were holes in some of the blankets. The phone was functioning but was physically damaged. However, despite these problems, the hotel was acceptable. Certainly not honeymoon material or anything for a fussy traveler who is expecting something fancy. This is basically a run of the mill Motel-6-esque hotel. No frills. If you book through Apple Core hotels or the Red Roof Inn directly note that the picture of the lobby on those sites is all there is - I was thinking there would be more services, or space - but that little entryway is all there is. However, it is located in a Korean part of town with great food, a Pinkberry yogurt shop across the street (excellent!) and shopping and the subway just a few short blocks away. We didn't walk to Times Square but probably could have in warmer weather. All in all, this hotel was a good base camp for NY sightseeing, but don't expect much from the staff or from your room. It is purely functional.	
Jan 27 2008 	Extremely rude staff dirty rooms charged too much on my credit card	I stayed here for 4 days and it was a nightmare. It really was the worst hotel I ever stayed in. I booked a room which was given away. &quot;My booking was not in their computer&quot;, but I could clearly see my name on the screen. I was given another room for the same price. When I left they charged $120 extra for the room I stayed in without notifying me. They just put it on my credit card and told it to me when I left. In my eyes it's a kind of theft. They were very unfriendly, actually totally rude in any kind of way. They called the boss, Muhammed, who was simply brutal. Furthermore, the bathrooms were dirty. Hairs were everywhere and the carpet was dirty. The breakfast room provided too little space for all guests. Do not go there, there are plenty of other hotels for this money and this one is a rip-off. It is certainly a waste of money because you want a pleasant stay when you're in NYC. The Redd Roof Inn company cannot do anything about this manager Muhammed because it's a franchise. They are not happy about the situation over there themselves. Which, in my eyes, says enough about this hotel.	
Jan 21 2008 	Had A Great Time at the Red Roof Inn NYC	We had a great time at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan. Great location near the Statue of Liberty and Madison Square Garden. Great Korean food nearby and lots to do. Overall the price was great, location was great and the staff was great. They have a very nice Bar with a great Bartender. I'd recommend it to everyone AND I would stay there again and again.Shelley &amp; Tessa from Chicago : )	
Jan 19 2008	Great! It is New York	This property is in a wonderful location, steps from everything. Our group had two different room types. One couple was lucky enough to have a beautiful view of the Empire State Building and a rather large room. We were in a much smaller room that overlooked a vacant lot next door and much construction...No worries...It's New York! It's loud, It's busy! We were fine. The elevator is a little slow, but nothing major. The breakfast is your normal continental fare. We just looked at it as a great morning snack to hold us over till lunch.... a bagel and cream cheese will do the trick. The staff is not overly friendly, but aside from check in and departure we didn't have to deal with them much. And lets all remember...Again, It's New York! Though you may pay $200 plus a night here, it's not the same as $200 in Dallas or Indy. You don't get the same level of staff attention. Think Motel 6 in a SUPER location and you've about got it. Was great for us!	
Jan 17 2008 	Empire State Building Views	The Red Roof Inn is in the heart of the Korean District, a 1 min walk from the subway and is in the centre of the fashion district. We chose the Red Roof Inn based on friends recommendations and because it was so much cheaper than anything else we had seen. We were so excited when we arrived to find it so central to everything. The Korean restaraunt next door as great food and a great ambience - also open 24 hours if you feel hungry late at night (try the dumplings!!!). The breakfasts were excellent, the rooms were clean and well serviced..... and the best bit was looking out your window up at the Empire State Building.. Highly recommended	
Jan 17 2008 	great place in a great location	This is truly a find in NYC. It's located on 32nd street, between Broadway and 5th Avenue, on Little Korea street. Tons of great restaurants open 24 hours, close to the Herald Sq subway station, just a short cab ride to Union Square (18th street, $4 cab ride). We have stayed there several times in the past 10 years, and the rooms seem to have been refurbished - marble/granite counter tops, flat screen TV... I don't know if the hotel has free Wifi, but there were enough open networks that Internet access was not a problem.The room had a bit of a cleaner-smell, but everything seemed very clean. The room was not small, enough for a queen size bed, a sitting chair, a desk/chair... I have stayed in MUCH smaller hotels in NYC (this is bigger than the Hudson or any of those other boutique-y hotels). The free breakfast is basic but filling - bagels, cereal, instant oatmeal, donuts, bananas, bread, coffee, juice... But the best part is the location - awesome, busy, fun, great restaurants at all hours.	
Jan 6 2008 	Brilliant Place	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights from the13th Dec to 18th Dec. Being my first trip to the US I wanted to make sure my stay was memorable. This hotel did not disappoint!The reception staff were helpful, cleaners were polite and concierge was fantastic.The room we had was spotless, really spacious, and had a nice modern look. The bed was a king size and so comfy and we also had a big wall mounted flat screen TV.The hotel was conveniently located. Only a few short blocks away from Macy’s, Empire State Building and Time Square.A tip if you want a quiet room (away from the elevators) with a view of the Empire State Building request a room on the higher floors ending with 4.The first room we were given was on the 14th floor, we got a view of the Empire State Building but the room was right next to the elevator. It was a bit noisy in the morning while everyone waited for the lift to go to breakfast. I went down to reception and asked if it was possible to move and to a quieter room but still on the same side of the building so we still had our view. The guy that served us was very helpful and gave us room 1104. Much much better!The only bad thing to report about the hotel is breakfast. I'll agree and say getting a seat is sometimes impossible, but what do you want for nothing? It is complimentary. There was plenty of variety and no shortage of food.We had a great stay and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend the Red Roof Inn Manhattan to anyone!	
Jan 6 2008 	Fab location	Red Roof Inn is ideally located. Subway lines all nearby to get you around the city easily. Near to Macy's and madison Sqaure Gardens, Empire State and Penn Station. Times Square is in walking distance. Our room was a good size with a huge comfortable bed. Large flat screen TV, iron and ironing board, coffee making facilties and plenty of towels.Breakfast room is small but we just took it to our room if we couldn't get a seat. There are yoghurts, cereals, bagels, toast, doughnuts and fruit to choose from along with fruit juices and coffee. Was good to be able to have something to eat before exploring the city.Would stay here again as the location is excellent.	
Jan 4 2008	A great place to stay in NY	I read all the negative experiences of others in this hotel (bugs, unkind service etc.) and was a bit wary to book it - the price was winning though. And I had to come the conclusion that all the pervious problems have been dealt with. All the rooms are newly decorated, absolutely clean (we booked two rooms so had a basis for comparison), even the smallest ones are spacious in NY terms, there is wireless internet, flat screen TV, coffee maker in the room - we had everything we would expect for a short trip to NY. The service was fine, in fact they helped us a lot with our luggage. The only two issues were slow elevators and of course, the small breakfast room. However the breakfast room was only crowded between 9 and 9:30 AM, so if you get down early or nearer to ten, you'll have a seat. Considering the price and the location, it is a winning place to stay.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great value perfect location	I was in New York for New Years and stayed at 2 hotels do to changing number of people in our group. The Red Roof was the second hotel we stayed at and we stayed only for 1 night. We stayed here on Jan 2nd and paid $118 for a 1 bedroom. The room was fairly small but that suits me fine in NY as we are only in the room to sleep, and not very much of that happens either. The room was newly renovated and very clean. Bed was comfortable. The location is top notch, located only blocks from many attractions (empire state, Madison Square Gardens) and very close to the subway station. This is a perfect hotel for a couple coming to New York for a shopping/museum/partying/sight seeing type of trip, probably not for your honeymoon...	
Dec 30 2007 	Got value for my money! Great hotel!	What a great place. You can't beat the location: it's on W 32nd streetbetween 5th avenue and broadway with the 34 St Herald Sq subwaystationnearby which is on the orange and yellow lines. Use the 32 street exit. This part of 32nd street is filled with Asian eateries (mainly Korean) and seems home to the Korean community. I felt it is a safe location, I wandered late without feeling uneasy. Penn station and Madison Square Garden are a few blocks further and walking is easy andsafe. The hotelstaff is very friendly and professional. Rooms offer free wireless internet and there is free breakfast every morning. Be warned that the breakfastroom is very small and fills up quickly. But you can take your breakfast to your room which has a coffeemaker. During my 6 days I was able to find a table on the first 5 mornings, on my last morning I had breakfast in my room. I was given a large room which had a big plasma tv-screen. There are free papers (NY post,USA today) in the hotellobby. I stayed there for 6 nights and I paid about $800 including tax. I would stay here again on my next visit totNew York City.	
Dec 27 2007 	We made a good choice here	Everything in New York is expensive and so it was with the Red Room Hotel.But after all we had read I think we made a good choice here.The room was fine, a little small, but clean and had everything you'd expect.Also, it is in the heart of the city. We're glad we didn;t try to save a few bucks and stay in Brooklyn. After all the walking we did all day long we just wanted to crash.We were a bit worried about what we'd read about hotels in New York but this one was very clean and very safe. We stayed three nights and it was just what we needed as a bae to explore the city. Good breakfast places nearby.Just don't expect anything too flashy.	
Dec 21 2007 	Third Christmas stay here.......	We just returned from our third annual Christmas stay at this hotel. You will not find a better deal in New York City.....Our room on the 16th floor was recently completely redone, and was beautiful. King-size bed, flat-screen TV on the wall, and a view of the Empire State Building. Most importantly, very clean and well maintained. Even though we arrived around 12:30pm, we were immediately checked in. The location itself can't be beat; 2 blocks from Penn Station, 2 blocks from Herald Square, subway right on the corner at Broadway. I can recommend this hotel without any reservations.	
Dec 20 2007 	Love This Hotel	We have just returned from a 4 night stay and had a wonderful experience there as always. We have stayed at this hotel on 6 different occasions in the last 3 years (usually 4 or 5 nights per stay) and can't say enough good things about the cleanliness, the staff and the amenities at this hotel. This time we had an extra pleasant experience as all the rooms have been upgraded and are even better! We are already planning our next trip to New York City and would never stay at any other hotel. The only reason we hesitate to give a glowing review for this hotel is in case it gets too busy and we can't get reservations for the dates we want ! We are having a problem booking for May 2008 as they are already booked for our dates so we may have to change our vacation to the Fall so we can stay at this great hotel. By the way, you can't beat the location - just steps away from the Empire State Building, Macys and subways to any part of the city.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great location!	We stayed at the Red Roof from December 2nd to December 3rd. The location was perfect! 5 minutes from Macy's and very close to 5th avenue. I had stayed at this hotel in 2005 and the rooms have been renovated since then. We had a nice size room with two double beds. They also had a nice flat screen television. The bathroom was spotless!The staff was very helpful and they kept our bags in their storage room after we checked out. Check out is at 12pm but we had plans to stay in the city until 3pm so they kept our bags for us. There is also and indoor parking lot a few doors down that you can get a discount at. Just make sure you have the hotel sign your parking ticket.I would definitely stay here again, the price was great and the room was very comfortable and clean.	
Dec 18 2007 	Super Hotel Red Roof Inn Manhattan New York	A very nice hotel, superb location, very friendly staff, very clean, nice room, good (complimentary) breakfast buffet	
Dec 13 2007 	Red Roof Inn - Fantastic Budget Hotel	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan for a shopping weekend. I was quite worried as usually i would stay at a 4/5 * but was not dissapointed. The hotel was just off broadway and just minutes away from Macey's and The Empire State Building with The Rockafella Centre and Times Square a ten minute walk away. We found the reception staff very helpful and the rooms (ours on 11th floor 1102) a good size for New York, were very well decorated and exceptionally clean with crisp white sheets and ample clean towels each day. Although near the lifts we were never aware of any noise. The complimentary breakfast was very good with toast ,fresh donuts, fruit and yogarts as well as tea and coffee - my tip would be to either get down there (2nd floor) early or take your tray from under the coffee maker and take breakfast back to your room as the breakfast room does get very busy and very hot. I would stay there again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Dec 12 2007 	Excellent Situation	Considering the relatively low price the position of the hotel is excellent, 2 minutes from the Empire State Building, 5 minutes maximum, depending on traffic, from Macy's. Rooms are relatively small but very comfortable, staff are very helpful. Free continental breakfast is very good although the breakfast room is small.	
Dec 10 2007 	Best value hotel in Manhattan!	Absolutely great hotel! I have stayed here twice and both times it was fantastic. The first time there were three of us in the room, the second time just two of us but rooms are plenty big with two large double beds and a decent bathroom. Rooms are spotlessly clean with maid service everyday. The staff are very helpful and friendly and there's a great concierge. The hotel also offers a great very reasonable priced shuttle service to the airport. The breakfast is included in the price and it perfectly adequate - fruit, bagels, doughnuts, porridge, tea, coffee, juice. The hotel is very well located in Manhattan, two minutes walk to Macy's and the Empire State Building is literally just around the corner! There is a subway station just on the corner of the street and it is only one stop to Time's Square.Any disadvantages? Well the hotel doesn't have a restaurant but as this is New York city there are plenty of other options in the locality!This certainly is the best value hotel that I know of in Manhattan for the location and service.	
Dec 5 2007 	Loved the Red Roof	We just returned from the Red Roof Inn on December 3rd.We flew to NYC for the weekend to see a Cirque Du Soleil Show and the Double Dutch Holiday Classic at the Apollo.We arrived at the hotel at 9:45 am hoping there would be a hospitality room for luggage until check in time. The friendly clerk informed us check in was not until 3:00 pm, but checked and our room was available, and allowed us to check in! We had room 705.We had two double beds with super comfy mattresses, flat screen t.v., fridge and micro. Granite vanity in bathroom.The room was spotless. Our room was plenty big. I did see a diagram of the other rooms on our floor and I believe we had the largest room on the floor.We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast both mornings. We are early risers and never had to wait for a table.The location of this hotel is great. We walked to Times Sq., Madison Sq. Garden, and of course the Empire State Building, just one block away.We used Air Train and subway to get to thehotel from JFK. This was very easy and convenient. We also took the subway to Harlem which was easy.Warning, it can get very cold in NYC in the Winter. We took the hop on/hop off double decker bus tours with an open top. Be aware there are at least two tour companies that offer these tours. Look to sign up on the tour that offers a covered top deck. We enjoyed the tours, but were chilled to the bone. (Bring long johns)I love NYC! Everybody was very friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back.	
Dec 1 2007	Staff incredibly unprofessional and confrontational	Hotel centrally located. Rooms nice &amp; clean. BUT staff are incredibly rude and unprofessional, was shouted at on multiple occasions by front desk staff- including the hotel manager- and threatened after complaining of the unprofessional treatment. Items went missing from the room also. Would most definitely NOT Recommend to anyone. Unpleasant staff at Red Roof Inn Manhattan really put a dampner on the New York experience.	
Nov 20 2007 	Bed bugs	I'm just back from staying 6 nights in this hotel, the location was very central, although the street wasn't particularly nice, the room had a good size and &quot;seemed&quot; clean.Breakfast room and service was quite basic and some mornings we had to eat standing as there were not free tables.Lift was a completely nightmare, so slow and always busy.Reception was again, very basic and the people we dealt with at reception were not particularly friendly.Up to here everything indicates that maybe (only maybe) would stay there again...but hold on.The second day there I discovered several red and swollen marks around my wrist, what it looked like &quot;insect&quot; bites, I was in New York last year at the end of the summer and was bitten by mosquitoes in a park, so I first thought it might be the same although,... mosquitoes in the middle of the city, in winter?!everyday I would find new bites which were very very itchy at times, still I was so busy walking around the city that they didn't bother me that much, it was when I got home and realized that I had so many &quot;bites&quot; on my back, arms and even face that I started worrying thinking, this must be an allergy!I just found out that what I have are bites from BEDBUGS!!!!!!!Do I need to add anything else to this? I cannot describe the feeling of disgust I have right now!	
Nov 19 2007 	very good	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn for one night, Nov. 17, 2007. Our family rented two rooms with two double beds each for $265. We arrived at Penn Station, just a few blocks away. Our rooms were both very clean, looked recently renovated, and quiet. There were plenty of soft towels in the bathroom. We found the staff to be friendly. The free breakfast was very nice. It included various hot beverages and cold juices, yogurts, cereals, bagels, nuts and dried fruits, oatmeal, and fresh fruits. We were extremely pleased with the quality for the price.	
Nov 10 2007 	Great Value - super Location	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan, from Oct 29 to Nov 3rd and had a fabulous stay. We paid 269 dollars , per night, for a room with 2 double beds. As this was our first time in New York with our family we had asked for a nice, newly decorated room and we were not disappointed.Room had 2 large double beds with Plasma TV, Fridge and Microwave. Room and bathroom were clean and functional.Breakfast Room on 2nd floor, while on the small side, had enough fresh coffee, juice, donuts, breads, cerals, fruit, yogurt to keep you going. The longest we ever had to wait for a table was 5 minutes. It was not waiter service luxury but this is New York and it got the day off to a good start. If you wish, there are plenty of good value breakfast deli's etc close by.There are 2 lifts to serve the 17 floors and they can be slow at times but again we had to wait no more than 3/4 minutes at peak times.For us, having read reviews on this site we became apprehensive in relation to the comments made about poor or indifferent customer service - but we did not experience anything of the sort. In our 6 days in the hotel we interacted with at least 2 hall porters, 5 reception staff , 2 breakfast room staff and 1 room maid. EVERYONE of them , especially the Reception staff (particularily Sam and Rohit) were most courteous and helpful - nothing was a problem from making phone calls at the reception desk, seeking tourist advice,even changing our booking from 5 days starting Sunday to 5 days starting Monday because our airline, Delta were overbooked.The location, just 2 streets behing Macy's on 34th Street could not be better. The hotel recommend a car service to pick us up and drop us back to the airport - a Lincoln town car at a charge of 70 dollars payable directly to the driver. He was extremely punctual and well worth the little extra when compared to an airport Cab. Above all, we felt very welcome at this hotel and we will definately return. Thank you Red Roof Inn and staff.	
Nov 10 2007 	Fantastic hotel	After reading many reports about this hotel was not sure what to expect, I am glad to say it exceeded all my expectations.Location was excellent.Check in was fast and efficient and staff were not at all rude as other people mentioned.Given rooms on seventh floor. These were clean and tidy and remained so for our whole stay . I understand the hotel has been recently been renovated and this shows in the rooms.The bathroom was very clean and the beds were really comfortable ( better then our home ones)We went to the breakfast room every day and always managed to get tables even though there was six of us ! There was a good selection of things and my kids enjoyed the doughnuts. I loved the granola so much am even going to try to make it at home. Yes the lifts are slow but you are on holiday just relax and go with the flow.We also used the bar area a most welcome area after a long day sightseeing. The bar man was very cheerful and made a point of remembering our names,I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would return again,	
Nov 6 2007 	Loved the hotel and its location don't bother with breakfast	Came to NY for 4 nights (October) to celebrate my birthday with serious sightseeing and shopping thrown in. Found the hotel through venere.com after reading reviews here. Loved its location!!! Did some serious walking and it really felt central to all tourist attractions. Room (402) was great, clean, spacious (King size bed was more than adequate for two friends sharing). 32nd street is noisy, but it can be expected from Midtown Manhattan. Felt very safe walking everywhere, the hotel is 2 min walk from the tube, Macy's and Broadway. Viewing ESB from our room a bonus (32nd street side). &quot;Not so good&quot; bits include faulty air con in the room (on a plus side, it was quiet as it did not work) and I'd not even bother getting to the 2nd floor for breakfast unless you fancy fighting for food/chairs/tables. Fresh fruit and bagels gone in seconds; it is difficult to maintain dignity while balancing coffee mug in one hand and bagel/jam/butter/cream cheese in the other. Instead go to the nearby Bagel Bakery (2 min walk, turn right from hotel) for $4-6 breakfast (hazelnut coffee to die for, hot bagels, pastries, fresh fruit etc) plus plenty of seats upstairs. We did it every morning and started the day as locals do:) The room was pricey, but the location, neighbourhood, views and walking distance compensate for that. Quite helpful staff; we booked a Lincoln limo returning to JFK ($55) - the hotel took a $10 deposit, but provided a receipt, which we handed to our driver (to his displeasure). Three tips: for best views, go to Top of the Rock at Rockefeller Plaza (better than ESB); for best skyscraper outline and truly unforgettable experience - walk across Brooklyn Bridge and turn back when all the lights start coming on, for the overall views take the Circle Line (semicircle tour will be enough to see the Statue of Liberty, Staten Island etc.). I'd recommend the hotel and would return (if they fix the air con:)	
Nov 5 2007 	Good budget hotel in great central position	I was wary about my up coming stay at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan, as I don't usually stay in budget hotels, but I must say that the hotel was fine, and we were pleased not only with the clean, well priced room, but with a location that takes some beating!The hotel lobby is small and a little tired looking, as are the lifts, with makeshift carpet, but the corridors and rooms and absolutely fine.The breakfast is ample, but the small room in which it is served gets very overcrowded and 3 mornings out of 4 my 2 kids had to stand and eat, so on the last day we opted for a diner.I wouldn't advise having a room on the second floor, as I noticed that the area just outside the life where the breakfast romm entrance is must be very noisy in the morning for people staying in those rooms.Overall I was more than happy with the Red Roof Inn. Great budget hotel in a fab location.	
Oct 27 2007 	Good value for money GREAT location	Three of us (females) just got back from 5 FANTASTIC days in New York City! As to the hotel - it was just perfectly fine. The rooms were smallish (we shared one room) but newly decorated and very clean. The bathroom again, was smallish but more than adequate - we only slept (a few hours a night) and showered there! We also found the continental breakfast to be perfect - just what we needed to start our day. The breakfast room was small, but we were always able to get a table. All of the people that worked there, from front desk to maid service, were very helpful and accommodating - mind you, we treated them with respect and we therefore got it back! And now for the BEST!! Location, location, location! PERFECT! 1 1/2 blocks from Macy's, Empire State Bldg. and subway! Fabulous restaurants right next door - Korean bar be q to die for! The Red Roof Inn gives a great bang for your buck! Will we go back to same hotel? Absolutely!	
Oct 24 2007	Loved the Red Roof Inn	We got back a week ago from (my) first trip to NYC and were very happy with this hotel. The rooms have all been remodeled and they have Tempurpedic beds, which were very comfortable. We were surprised that there was no fridge/microwave as the website mentioned, but they said that these had been taken out during the remodel. So, they should probably update their website. But the room was great, very comfortable, clean, quiet (as you can get in NYC) and only 2 blocks from the Empire State Bldg. Request a room facing 32nd street (which we had) and you will see the ESB from your room. Staff very pleasant, helpful, friendly. Location is great - pretty centrally located, really. Felt really safe all over the city. A nice 10 block walk to Times Square if you have the energy (which we did our first night!). Macy's is just down a few blocks. Good places to eat all around. Loved New York and will stay here again when we go back.	
Oct 22 2007 	Location good staff surly breakfast a nightmare!	Stayed here for 3 nights for my first trip to NY with sister-in-law and our 2 teenaged daughters.Good points: good location for all attractions, subway and restaurants, clean room and bathroom.Not so good: indifferent and patronising staff at reception - they ripped us off with our taxi to the airport home by taking a deposit which the taxi driver knew nothing of and which they did not return - $10Breakfast was a nightmare - brings out the worst in people when they are confronted with an over-crowded room, with no where to sit, cheap food and frayed tempers. The only solution was to get what you could and retreat to the safety of your room - this was not an experience you would want on holiday - we've all had experiences like this at school canteensbut it's not what we want in our leisure time!We were in room 608 and located nearby was the ice machine (not working) which was so loud the noise could be heard in our bedroom way down the corridor - it was like sleeping in an engine room. We asked the reception if they would turn it off as it wasn't working anyway, so why put up with the noise, but they ignored our request.All in all, although it wasn't that expensive for NY, the attitude of the staff and the hideous breakfast experience do not make it worth it.	
Oct 22 2007	Great hotel	Just returned from our fabulous trip to NYC. We stayed here and had a wonderful time. The hotel appears to be finished with most renovations. We had a 14th floor room with new carpet, vanities, wallpaper and bedding. A very clean hotel room that was also quiet due to the layout of the short hallways. and we got very little street noise also. We did not want to pay for amenities like restaurants, pools, etc and got a great deal from their website at $269/night for 2 adults/2 double beds. Located in Korea town, my sister and I felt very safe the whole time, and we took the subway located less than a block away to anywhere we wanted to go. Times Square is a very short walk, and Broadway shopping is right by the hotel as is the Empire State Building. Breakfast was mostly cereal, rolls, coffee, juice, and fruit. It was fine for our needs and a bonus for us since we didn't want the expense of another meal. Cab fare from LGA was $40. Highly recommend you check out this hotel.	
Oct 20 2007	Pleasantly surprised!!	Having read a ton of reviews online about affordable hotels in NYC we didn't expect much for our budget. But we were pleasantly surprised with the Red Roof Inn in the shadow of the Empire State Building. Great location, recently remodeled with loads of amenities in the room including flat screen tv, coffee maker, granite/contemporary/very clean bathroom, friendly staff, continental breakfast, and overall a very comfortable stay. Even the concierge service was very helpful. I would recommend this hotel to any person looking for a reasonably priced and attractive place in the heart of the city.	
Oct 18 2007 	What a great place!	For my son's 10th birthday I took him to NYC. We booked three nights at the Red Roof Inn, primarily because of the location. Once we got there (early) we were checked in quickly and efficiently. Our room was on the 10th floor. Other than very slow elevators (big deal, just plan on spending a few extra minutes waiting for it) the hotel's first impression was fabulous. The room was spotless. We had a coffee maker, hair dryer, all the promised ammenities. Even the bathroom passed the white glove test, and I'm pretty OCD about cleanliness. The weekend we went there was a heat wave and they had even turned the A/C on in the room prior to our arrival. I had requested a room with a view and we got it. At night we could see the Empire State Building. It was fabulous. The people that work there, from the cleaning crew to the front desk were all helpful and pleasant, even helping us with a pizza delivery from the best place in town the last night we were there.My ONLY complaint is that breakfast is included but getting IN to the small room that accomodates it is impossible. They serve from 7 to 10 a.m. and we tried various times, thinking we could escape the crowd, but the room only holds about 10 tables and we ended up having to take the food back up to our room to eat. They DO need to re-think their breakfast accomodations so that ALL their guests can sit down in the morning. We ended up eating out the last day, just so we didn't have to fight the crowd.Other than that, the stay at the Red Roof was exceptional (and very, very safe!). If you book, make sure you ask them about their luxury car to and from the airport!! It's the same price as a cab and a LOT nicer. This hotel's location is PRIME! We walked EVERYWHERE with out any problems. We WILL be back!!!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Better than expected	We have just arrived home after our first visit to New York City. We stayed at the Red Roof Inn from 27 Sep to the 5 Oct. I had spent ages and ages searching on the internet for a hotel within our budget for our 8 night stay. I finally reserved a room at this hotel with a fingers crossed attitude. We were very very pleased with our room. The bathroom was very clean and new looking and there were pleantly of clean towels and face clothes. The bed was very comfy with plenty of pillows. We had an iron and Ironing board in the room which is handy and a hairdiyer in the bathroom.I would agree that the the staff at the front desk were not exactly friendly but they were far from rude.Overall we were very happy with our say. We asked the hotel to arrange a car to take us back to Newark airport for our flight home. I would recomend doing this. It didn't cost much more than our taxi in and it took the hastle out of it.The location of this hotel was ideal. Combined with the complimentry breakfast and the clean rooms i think it is a good deal.We would certainly stay again.	
Sep 30 2007	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn from Sept 26-30 and was pleasantly surprised. Asked for a room with a view of the Empire State building and received it. Room was clean, nicely decorated and quiet. Other reviewers mentioned that front desk staff were unfriendly; this is quite true, but maids are nice, and since you only have to deal with staff for a brief time, does it really matter anyway. elevator is extremely slow, but one can always make a joke of it with fellow travellers. overall i would highly recommend this hotel;	
Sep 17 2007	Horrible Experience 	I booked this hotel through their website. I was traveling for business; therefore, I used a company card to book the room. I called the reservation line for a Credit Card Authorization form and they faxed one to me and I filled it in accordingly and faxed it directly to the New York hotel (as instructed by the corp offices). I called the hotel to verify receipt of my fax but they were having trouble reading the signature, so I was instructed to simply bring the original copy with me. When I arrived at the hotel, they informed me that the form I faxed in was not the correct form and that they needed the information on their own form. The only difference between the corporate form and the hotel's form was the address cited in the header. Otherwise, all other information was exactly the same, including the Red Roof Inn logo at the top. They insisted that they could not let me into my room without the 'correct' form being filled out. Even though this was through no fault of my own, they insisted that there was 'nothing they could do'. TWell, there was nothing I could do because this was 8 in the evening and my offices were closed. They said they needed my credit card, but all I brought was a check card since this was only a 2 day trip and I could not put the $400/night rate on my check card. After lots of pleading and crying, they eventually let me into my room but only after taking an imprint of my check card and after I promised to get my company to fax in the 'correct' form first thing in the morning. Will NEVER be staying at this hotel because of this HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service.	
Sep 10 2007 	Two thumbs up!!	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhatten Sept. 6-9 and we loved it! This was our first trip to New York and we did a lot of hotel research prior to booking. A lot of the reviews for NY's budget hotels said things like &quot;small, out of the way, loud, unclean.&quot; The Red Roof Inn was none of these things. We stayed in room 1402, and had an amazing unobstructed view of the Empire State Building. It was a nice, bright, clean, quiet room with a comfortable bed and lots of towels, tile and granite in the bathroom, and a roomy shower. The hotel is undergoing a makeover (from the top floor down) and they are almost finished. Yes the elevators were a bit slow, but we weren't in a hurry so it didn't bother us. Excellent location right next to Greeley Square (where Manhatten Mall is), just 1-2 blocks from the subways, 1 block from Macy's, 2 blocks from Mad. Sq Garden, 10 minute walk to Times Square, 1 block from Empire state building. We could not have been happier with our selection of hotels. Great job Red Roof Inn! Two thumbs up!!	
Sep 9 2007 	Good Budget Hotel Choice For Manhattan	I live in Canada and was visiting NYC , stayed there for 5 nights starting Sept. 2, 2007. Since I had asked for the best view possible they gave me the top floor (Room 1702) with great views of the Empire State Bldg, and the Chrysler Bldg roof. It was clean, comfortable, newly renovated, and had all the amenities you would expect for a hotel in that price range. I had compared it with other NYC hotels, and I wasn't disappointed. The included breakfast was good, with free newspapers to read each morning. I loved the location, ate at good korean restaurants on that street, and it was only a short walk to the subway, bus, Macy's, and the Manhattan mall, with easy access to everywhere. The hotel only has a few rooms on each floor. The only negative was that there was a noisy mechanical device in the hallway across from the elevator that I could hear in my bedroom. All in all though, I recommend this hotel, and will stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Satisfied	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan for two nights at the end of August. This was my second time in NYC (the first time was at the Pennsylvania Hotel) and I am very satisfied from my stay at this hotel. The hotel is very well located, only a few blocks away from Times Square, one block away from the Empire State Building. There is also the orange subway line right at the corner of the street. The red &amp; blue lines are two to three blocks away. My only complaints are that there are only two elevators that service 17 floors so it takes a while to catch it, and there water pressure in the hotel is very low. Otherwise, everything was how I expected it; the rooms were very clean &amp; average size. It`s not easy to find an affordable room in Manhattan. Red Roof Inn was the only hotel that offered a room for less than 250$ a night. Our first night was 194$ and the second night 249$. The only hotel that came close to that was the Pennsylvania at 249$ for both nights.Parking is available at 26$ per day. To park you need to go around the block and park at a place called Parking System. It's an underground parking in front of the Radisson on W 32nd street &amp; Broadway. Once your car is parked you need to get your ticket stamped by the reception at the hotel, or else it will be 48 $ per day!!! It's important to get a clean room when staying in Manhattan. I researched many hotels before and made sure we got a reputable place before making the reservation. Word of advice, avoid the Carter Hotel and the New York Inn.	
Aug 27 2007 	In the middle of renovating the lower floors.	We asked to be above the 15 th floor which had already been renovated. This was a tip from one of your reviews.The room was very clean and everthing was new. Good deal for New York. The breakfast room was very small but they were starting renovations just two days before we left. This meant we had to eat breakfast in the teeny tiny lounge area. You need to be there early.... Everyone was quite friendly and when the renos are complete it will be a great deal.	
Aug 27 2007 	red roof still the best!!	this was my 5th time to stay in the red roof inn manhattan and my second review which i feel it deserves since it has been a couple of years since i stayed here last. we arrived in after a red-eye from vegas at 9.45 in the morning. we figured they wouldn't have the room ready so we just asked would it be possible to leave our luggage in somewhere until we could come back later. the gentleman on the desk replied he may have a room ready shortly if we were willing to pay a $50 early check-in fee,no problem,we were wrecked from travelling so waited in the lobby for 10 minutes until he called me back. he said he had a room ready and would waive the early check-in fee(i like to think he recognised me from my previous stays!&quot;!!). he said it was on the 9th floor,away from the noise of the garbage trucks/sirens etc. which i found strange as we'd stayed on lower floors before and it never bothered us before. we went to our room to be pleasantly surprised by the newly refurbished decor.they've done a great job,almost everything was brand new. we bedded down for a few hours and it was only a few hours later when we headed out that we realised why we were put up high,floors 3/4 and 5 were all being gutted and redecorated so they obviously didn't want to have us disturbed by the noise. we spent 5 nights there and we seen little in the way of disruption barr a couple of times were only one lift was in operation because the builders were using them to get rid of rubble etc.the day before we left we got a call from the desk asking about my travel plans for the following day and if we needed a taxi to the airport,a nice touch given i've never seen them do this before and they're obviously trying hard to make up for any disruption.check out was a breeze. overall another great stay,great value,great location and obviously i'm a fan and will definitely be back.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great location	First time in New York and we couldn't have stayed in a better location. The Empire State building is just around the corner, Time Square 10 minutes walk. Our room had just been refurbished so nice and clean, The staff could have been friendlier. Breakfast was included but it was slight strange as due to the refurbishment breakfast room was relocated but it was too small and often it was difficult to find a seat. I would happily stay there again. Cotffe, orange juice and Red Bull was available for breakfast but the orange juice and Red Bull was in short supply. The staff seemed to keep the drinks hidden behind the bar and they reluctanly gave you some if asked. Can't work out why Red Bull was given out but I got a taste for it after 5 days.	
Aug 25 2007 	FAMILY FRIENDLY...	My family and I just returned from the Inn after spending two nights and a day. The process of finding a place to stay was highly stressful because our children are young (5 and 7 yrs.old)and safety and cleanliness was top priority along with a limited budget. After reading literally hundreds of reviews, I found the reviews written about the red roof to be the most postive. We were very happy !! We arrived at Port Authority and took the Metro to Penn Station, once at Penn we were able to walk to the Inn, it's that close! Checking in was effortless and in fact it was even cheaper than what was quoted to me over the phone (use AAA if you have membership). The gentleman at the front desk was very pleasant. Our room was not large but it was clean and newly renovated. I was worried about air quality and bathroom cleanliness. We stayed on a non-smoking floor and there was not a hint of cigarette smoke. The bathroom was spotless. The only downside was the veeery sloooow elevators. Lots of construction work going on and there are only two elevators. One is used for patrons and the other is for construction. We used the stairwell once so that is an option. It was really nice to leave the hustle and bustle of Times Square by settling down in a quiet room, we did not have a view,not an issue with us. Overall, I recommend the Red Roof Inn to those who are traveling with children and have a limited budget. We plan to return next summer!!!	
Aug 17 2007 	Great hotel for a great price!	I wanted to be walking distance from the sights, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money. After researching my options I booked this hotel. When I arrived I was upgraded to a bigger room and it was $10 less than the price I secured on their website. The room was functional. It had an iron, hair dryer, and coffee maker which are musts when I travel. The entire floor was getting a make over (new furniture, matresses, etc) on the day I chekced out so I'm sure it's even better now. You can't beat the location. We even walked to the train station just down the block to catch our train to Philly.	
Aug 15 2007 	BAD customer service	Decent hotel, really good location. But Customer service is awful, minus the ladies which help with tours. They were awesome!We got screwed over when booking through another website for this hotel. Said we were no shows, but we were there for 2 nights and paid for them. But also paid 211 cdn dollars for a no show night. Customer service to resolve this was NOT acceptable. Argued on the phone. Talked down to me. Didn't believe a word I said, when all I wanted was my money back that was charged for something that was untrue. Overall, decent, rooms a little small, and the breakfast room was tiny and couldn't get a seat. Suggestion, Don't book online through another company for this hotel, cause they may just double charge you anyways.	
Aug 11 2007 	close to all	Very nice and comfortable- we were 5 in a room- a bit tight but tolerable. From the outside this hotel looks much less impressive than it really is! Nice lobby and breakfast room, clean and noise proof. Rooms large for NYC. Nice breakfast included. Street atmosphere not great (the first few minutes the smells of last night's Asian cooking overwhelm you) but close to everything important. Some really nice Deli's &amp; restaurants close by.	
Jul 28 2007 	Low price - get what you pay for	We stayed here after the Ritz because we wanted to be closer to the hustle.we paid about $100/night.rather pay more for nicer hotel.	
Jul 24 2007 	Yay Red Roof Inn!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel! We paid $179 a night (which really ended up being about $210 after all the taxes and whatnot), and could not have been happier. The location was PERFECT. I never felt unsafe, even walking around at 4 a.m., which was one of my major concerns with the city itself. We stayed 3 nights on the 15th floor, which is newly remodeled. They are remodeling from the top floor down, and they are working on the 8th floor currently, I believe. The room was nice, very clean, and I am assuming fairly large by NYC standards. We had maid service and fresh towels every morning, and the free breakfast was a great way to get the day started. We were within close walking distance of two subway stations as well as the Empire State building and plenty of shops, and there was never a shortage of cabs outside the front door. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the hotel bar/lounge (while extremely cheesy) was a nice place to relax. The bartender was wonderful and we gave him way too much of our money during our stay! We were a $5 cab ride away from Times Square when there was traffic, but it is only 10 blocks if you walk it. Overall, great location, wonderful accomodations - just don't go there if you are expecting luxury. Luxury it is not, but it is a great value for a nice place to stay in a good location in a wonderful city!	
Jul 24 2007 	Front office staff 	After reading the reviews we booked this hotel. Our 20th Wedding Anniversary and 1st visit to the USA. I e-mailed explaining both and asking for a quiet room with a good view. The reply from the Hotel was our request would be passed to the GM. We arrived at the hotel after our long flights (as we travelled via Amsterdam) to be met by a severe receptionist. (no hint of a welcome smile) ok she may have been having a bad day but was that our fault!We were given our key and told our room was on the 12th floor. Yes, we waited ages for the lift, when it arrived the other one opened at the same time and we were met by a builder and a full skip. Passing the 8th floor drilling- hoped that was not going to continue.Opened our room door to see the tiniest, dingiest room but it was clean and if we had planned to spend much time in it (which we did not) then we certainly weren't now. It looked over the side Room 1210. Was too tired to bother mentioning it to receptionist( her attitude didn't exactly lend itself to her giving a damn anyway)On the plus side it was quiet and the maids were really cheerful &amp; happy people. The breakfast was really good too.Beware though if you have a problem the manager we spoke to should visit a charm school.My husband accidently lost our safe deposit box key at the Yankees Game or somewhere on the day we went to the game.We held our hands up and were told that he would have to pay$125. Ok but we had to see the General manager the next day at 12.30. So we stayed in our room till then as OUR money was in the box- went down to meet the manager, fobbed off with he was busy and had we really looked properly! Manager would see my husband at 1pm, back to room back down in lift at 1pm waited , waited and waited manager not available. Come back at 2pm. Finally turned out that the reception person told us they had a spare key (not true). Manager had to arrange for someone to break open our box- bearing in mind the hotel was full of workmen why did we have to wait so long?We were only in New York for 5 days. Spent half our penultimate day waiting for the Manager. We have both been employed in hotels within the UK and if we treated our visitors like this we would not be employed. Such a shame to make a real meal out of a genuine error.Having said all this we would stay at an applecore hotel but not this one unless they change their manager and front office staff.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great place to stay right in the middle of Manhattan!	LocationRight in the heart of midtown Manhattan. The location is top notch for the price. An excellent spot in Koreatown - perfect for walking to all the main shopping districts (Macy's and 5th avenue are literally around the corner) The location is the distinct advantage for anyone coming to NYC for the first time.The RoomWe stayed on the 16th Floor with a view of the Empire State building. (at the suggestion of another review here we requested this upon check in). The room was excellent and well air conditioned. It was one of the rooms that has been recently refurbished. They're refurbishing floor by floor from the 17th down (they're down to the 11th floor now). The elevator did take a long time to get down to the lobby at peak times but that's only a small price to pay for the view!The StaffOverall, they were pleasant. They could be a bit more helpful but I wouldn't have said they were rude.BreakfastStandard fare - nice coffee and OJ.Overall, I'd highly recommend the Red Roof and will stay there again next time I'm visiting NYC.	
Jul 13 2007 	Excellent location	We had a decent size room that was clean. Not the greatest view from the back of building, but we were not in the room very much. The bathroom had no towel racks and very limited counter space.The convenience to the subway and time square is wonderful. I felt very safe at all times when walking around the hotel.We came back 1 night to a find several fire engines in front of the hotel. A firefighter was standing in one of the elevators. There was a small fire on the 5th floor, but it did not go any farther than the smokers shirt.	
Jul 4 2007 	Very good hotel very good location	I had never been to NYC before when i booked the red roof, so i wasnt too sure where the best spot would be to stay. But the location of this hotel was excellent, close enough to Grand Central station to walk, close enough to a tube station to get down to the southern parts of manhatten and really close to Times Square!!i was impressed with the room... nothing spectacular, but good for the money for the 2 nights i was there.breakfast was ok, it was serve yourself bagels, which was ok.somebody on here commented on the lift.... i did notice that it could take a long time to get down a floor or two!!!! but hey, who cares... people in NYC need to slow down a bit anyway.a good hotel to see an amazing city.recommended.	
Jun 22 2007	The Reviews are true	Hotel was a surprise. Went because of tripadvisor's reviews, and it was OK. The room is big for New York Standarts and confortable, the rate was the cheapest I could find in a resonable hotel( It was Saint Patric's Day and I didin't know). Very well located with a subway station 50 mt nearby. Do not expect luxury. Hotel front desk staff is not simpatetic	
Jun 18 2007 	Very good 3* hotel downtown Manhattan	We've just returned from our trip to wonderful NYC where we spent 1 night in June at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan. Location is great while in the middle of Koreatown and right next to the Empire State Building.Hotel is nice, convenient for a short and affordable stay. We've booked through the hotel website and hab a Business King, non-smoking. Upon arrival, we asked for a quiet room on the upper floor, which was provided (room 1603) and was great with a view of the Empire Building itself! Amazing view also by night. Room was big, with 25&quot; TV, A/C and bathroom with everything you need. It's not the Ritz but you got something good anyway.Breakfast room isn't big but ok if you go early as we did (around 8am). Food is good so you have a good start of your day. Had no problems with elevators. Front desk staff is ok and friendly enough to enjoy your stay.In fact, we would recommend this hotel to stay in central NYC and Manhattan, with all the good attractions nearby. Go up to the Empire State Bldg as you got an amazing view.	
Jun 9 2007	elevator is frustrating	We just got back from the Red Roof Inn in NYC. We stayed there last year and it was fine so we went again this time. It smells of roach spray which was new, and they apparantly have no service elevator so you usually have to squeeze in with a maid and her cart or a janitor and his junk! I know it's not a fancy hotel but for $239 a night you don't need to have to deal with that. It's OK, room is clean and overall just a place to sleep when you are in the city. The Tudor Hotel seems to be alot nicer for just a little more money, we will go there next time. TIP: feel free to use the rooftop bar at LaQuinta across the street! They are owned by the same company, not that anyone asks you anything when you walk in...it's a nice place to have a beer outside on a pleasant night.	
Jun 5 2007	Convenient location but just passable hotel	This hotel, or at least my room, was much more run-down than it looksin the pictures. I was traveling for work and they could never get their wireless or wired internet to work in my room. So I had to pirate off of local wireless routers. The room is tiny (which is normal for NYC). Free breakfast is not fancy, but saves you buying breakfast each morning. Being in Koreatown was cool. Good food and subways close by. But I will likely not return to this Red Roof Inn.	
Jun 1 2007 	All Good!!	I stayed in the Red Roof Inn earlier in May and had an extremely positive experience. Based on reviews on this site I requested a room on a higher floor as these have been renovated. The room was lovely and quite a good size for New York. I also requested a view of the Empire State Building and this was also provided. I found all staff that I dealt with to be courteous and helpful.As others have mentioned the location is excellent, just a short walk to a lot of the main tourist attractions. I do agree that there could be more tables in the breakfast area and I don't see why management don't look after this as there is definitely space. However the breakfast itself was great and set us up nicely for the day. All in all I'd highly recommend this hotel and I will be back!!	
May 28 2007 	Very good hotel great location	Me and my partner stayed at this property during the Memorial day weekend 2007. The hotel is located in the heart of Korean town. I didn't take avantage of the free breakfast, but the room was clean, the bathroom was also above average. The hotel was in a good location just blocks from the train station(we took the train up from Washington DC) and from times square and the theaters.The only negative was the internet didn't work . This hotel is a good value and great location. I will stay at this hotel again.	
May 17 2007 	Great as usual!	As always I was totally satisfied with my stay at Red Roof/ Manhattan. I requested a room facing the street and although it can be a bit loud due to traffic late at night, I always request a room facing the street to enjoy the &quot;view.&quot;I arrived hours prior to check-in time and was given a key to my room. The room was very neat and clean. If you ever need anything for your room just ask one of the housekeepers; they are quite friendly and helpful! This stay was my first time trying the breakfast buffet. The bagels and donuts were fresh and I was glad I stopped in for a quick snack.I have been staying here for years and have yet to be disappointed!	
May 17 2007	Red Roof Inn delivers service with a smile	Well situated,in front of Empire State Building.Very good reception,concierge and house-keeping service.Breakfast sets you up for the day.Can recommend with confidence...having previously been spoilt by staying at more expensive luxury hotels like The Plaza and The Mark.	
May 16 2007	First visit to NYC	After reading several other reviews about Hotel rooms in NYC I was a bit worried but the room we received exceeded my expectations. We had plenty of space and just out the window was a view of the Empire State; I spent the first 15 mins talking about how I could now see the real Empire State outside my window!! The bathroom was clean and all facilities worked OK. The breakfast room was small and we often had to poach tables to be able to sit, although other guests appeared to take their food back into their rooms - a pretty good idea. The lady at the tour reservation desk was not really very helpful but the reception staff were helpful. An absolutely great location an easy walk to Penn Station and Macy’s just around the corner…. I thought over all great value for what we received and have had friend stay here on our recommendation with the same response.	
May 14 2007	Good accommodation in Manhattan	Two weeks ago a girlfriend and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn, 32nd Street, Manatten.Excellent accommodation, clean, quite room, plenty of room and large drawers for clothes, microwave, fridge etc. Not new, but more than adequate. Breakfast included.	
May 10 2007	good central hotel	We stayed at the red roof inn for 4 nights in april and i would recommend it to anyone staying in new york as a tourist. It was good value for money and clean. The best thing about the red roof is its location though, we were able to walk from the hotel to all the main tourist spots in the city. being so close to fifth avenue meant we also found it easier to navigate back too when we were all the way up or downtown. the staff were helpful and friendly and we will definetly come back again. Our only issue was the heater in our room, when we were there it was pretty cold (and we came from england!) and the heater was very loud, meaning we couldnt have it on while we slept. next time i will come back in the summer and will stay at the red roof again.	
May 1 2007 	Great Little Place..but a couple of things you should read	We enjoyed our stay at the Red Roof Inn . It is based in the heart of Manhattan, around the block from Macy's and Penn Station (for Amtrak and Metro services) a straight walk up the street!!The room was fine. I asked for a smoking room and that is what I got, I also asked for a quiet one - not facing the street and again, got what i wanted.What disappointed me somewhat was the air conditioning unit in the room after a minute or two blew out warm/hot air. This was slightly uncomfortable but as we were out mostly sightseeing, it wasnt worth complaining about. The staff whilst not unfriendly, were not that chatty or helpful either. For instance, when we were given the room - they never told us the floor or where abouts it was or asked the baggage man to help us with our bags. We wanted to change up our travellers cheques - they told us that they were too busy and to go to Macys - this was the first day, no indication of where it was, which direction to head in etc.Overall, the hotel is fine. But the staff really do need to &quot;care&quot; abit more about the customers they recieve as it is us that give them their business and without would probably see it lose out to other hotels and vastly slide down the tripadvisor scale.	
May 1 2007	Not a good experience	I stayed at this hotel 5 nights. The hotel has two elevators, used by both guests and staff, which made for some long waits and crowded rides. On the one day in which I stayed in my 13th-floor room for much of the daytime (due to the weather), there was heavy demolition work being done on the 14th floor, continuing until after 8 p.m. Additionally, there were times when one elevator was locked off for the workers, leaving only one elevator for guests and staff, meaning waits of as much as 15 minutes or more. There was no advance notification of this disruptive event. The ice machines on the 10th and 12th floors were not working, so I had to remove a tarp from the one on the 14th floor each time I used it. The heater/air conditioner in my room had two options: off or on, leaving the room too cold at times, too warm at others. Of the five days I was there, I was able to find seating in the overcrowded breakfast room only once. On the bright side, houskeeping and bell staff were pleasant, and the car service to the airport was timely. Unfortunately this was far from enough to balance the negatives. I won't stay at this hotel again and I do not recommend it to others.	
Apr 26 2007	Not Recommended	I stayed at this hotel for one night, paid $199+tax on Apr. 17.I arrived early and no problem checking in. The location is great and is located in Koreantown. The room size was OK, but had too many problems with the room.First, the table lamp wasn't working, then the bedsheet had some kind of jam on it, disgusting and the sink in the bathroom was clogged. Never stay here again.	
Apr 20 2007 	A treasure in the Big City	Looking for an inexpensive, clean place to lay your head after a long day sight seeing? This is the place. We checked in about 10 o'clock in the evening after a long flight from the West coast. Front desk staff is not overly friendly, but efficient. I had booked the room months in advance, and asked for a view of the Empire State Building across the street. The room was on the top floor (labeled the Penthouse) and was the size of your average hotel/motel room. But the view was awesome and I could look straight up to see the ESB spire. Night after night you could watch the colors change. For a first time visitor to NYC, it was a great treat.Breakfast is offered for 3 hours every morning. Hot and cold cereal, muffins, toast, juice and coffee. Its enough to get you started, and the kids staying here were totally satisfied. Two blocks to Herald Square subway station, three blocks to Penn Station, easy walk to Macy's and the Manhattan Mall. We were able to walk or take a train from these two places. Never had to use a single taxi. Very convenient. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone, but is great for families with kids. there seemed to be a lot of school groups staying here, and with the breakfast, it probably was a good value for them as well. If you want 4 star luxury, go somewhere else. This is a clean, safe place.There is a Papaya's hot dog stand two blocks away for those late night cravings.	
Apr 19 2007	secret gem!!!	secret hidden gem in koreatown--right near a TON of delicious restaurants, including the delicious pinkberry frozn yogurt! my husband and i bought some and brought it back to our clean, comfy room to enjoy for an evening snack. easy access for subway and our room (king sized bed) was pretty spacious and immaculately clean--and I am TERRIBLY snobby about bathrooms, but this passed all my tests. hotel staff was above and beyond pleasant and i would stay here again in a heartbeat. very close to shopping and we had an amazing view of the empire state bldg too. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!	
Apr 10 2007 	Good choice	I stayed at Red Roof for the Easter weed-end and I really enjoyed my stay. The service was excellent: we had a problem with the ventilation and it has been fixed within 1 hour.There is a tourist office on-site that help us to find restaurants and attractions in town.It was clean and not noisy at all.The location is great: 5 minutes walk to Empire State Building and 20 minutes walk to Time Square.	
Apr 9 2007 	very bad!	Hotel manager said:O yeah, we are charging you another $150.- for the kingsize beds and the 4 people. A terrible rip off, while the reservation was already made and paid.He just charged the credit card!!!	
Apr 9 2007	Looked OK but was worst hotel ever. Rude staff liars a swindle. DON'T GO THERE	Booked 2 kingsize bedrooms. When we arrived they had given away our rooms. Told us a lie: &quot;the reservation number did not exist&quot;. The truth is that we were right in their computer and we had never had any problems with our booking agent. In the end they offered us one room with 2 kingsize beds. Was OK for us and agreed on a price. Second day they told us they kept another room available but they gave it away again. Third day they told us they would charge another $150.- For the extra bed in the room and the kingsize beds. But we booked kingsize and for 4 people. They simply charged it and treated us very very rude. It was not our fault, they gave the room away and we ended up paying $150.- extra for something we already booked. Manager was very rude and did not want to talk about it. So it's a rip-off. Actually it is theft. DO NOT GO THERE! For that money there are a lot of other hotels that are much better. We have travelled a lot around the world. This has never happened to us. REALLY VERY BAD HOTEL!!!	
Apr 8 2007 	Enjoyed the Red Roof Inn Manhattan	We stayed for 5 nights at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan and we really enjoyed it! The breakfast was great and we were able to get a table as long as we got there by 7:30 every morning. We were able to walk wherever we wanted pretty much from the location the hotel was in. The area felt safe no matter what time we were walking to or from the hotel. Our checkout process was very quick. We heard very little noise since we were up on the 13th floor. Our kids enjoyed the hotel as well.	
Apr 7 2007	A pleasant place to stay	Have stayed a couple of times over the last year. Hotel is basic and clean - staff seem pleasant. WiFi was intermittent but usually worked - I think it depends what floor you are on as I don't remember any problems on my first visit. Generally didn't have breakfast there as it was crowded and I preferred to try some local places. Also the two lifts are very busy at breakfast time and I found it quicker to decend 11 flights of stairs instead (I know this won't be an option for everyone). For the price I paid (149 dollars + Tax) it represented very good value in NYC and I had no problems throughtout my week long stay.	
Apr 4 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Found the hotel without a Problem. Parking garage located about a block away! Very Friendly staff. The TV didn't work but oh well we were exhausted anyway and didn't have energy to watch. We did let them know and they wanted to fix it but we told them it was no big problem!!	
Mar 28 2007	Fab Cheap 'n' Cheerful Hotel!	Myself and my partner stayed in this hotel for six days from March 9th - March 16th. Check in staff were curteous (not over friendly) and swift. We requested a non-smoking room with a view of the Empire State Building - we got our view but it was in a smoking room on the 6th floor. The smell was unbearable and after one night we requested a room change. This was done with no complications or hassle and we were moved to a room on the 14th floor which was at the back of the hotel so there was no street noise which was great. The free breakfast in the hotel was brilliant - loads of choice and we ate there everyday. The location was second to none and just around the corner from Macy's!! The interior of the hotel is a bit dated but they are doing the hotel up floor by floor at the moment beginning at the top and working their way down. Check out was a little delayed as a big group was checking out at the same time as us (the hotel is very popular for large groups of Amercian school/college students). The only problem I had with the hotel was that they booked us a car to JFK airport through a car company which they use (not a yellow cab) and they told us it would cost $55 dollars and we paid a $10 deposit to the hotel which left the fare at $45. When we arrived at the airport the driver attempted to charge us $60 but we did not pay him. He then demanded $55, we were in a rush so we gave it to him but in charging us $55 he lost out on his tip. I emailed the hotel to complain about this 1 week ago but so far have not had a response. Other than that we had a pleasant stay at Red Roof Inn and are already planning our next trip back!	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Value but no wireless internet	The Red Roof Inn in Manhattan was great value and comfortable. The rooms are a good size for New York. The complimentary breakfast was fine and very convenient. The location is great for central NYC. My only complaints were the lack of wireless internet and the lack of action from any of the staff to fix it. Their attitude was &quot;its free so you can't complain if you can't get it&quot;. I tried in my room, in the lobby and in the bar. I frequently visit New York but with no wireless internet this hotel is not good for business use.	
Mar 19 2007 	recommended	My wife and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn from the 8th-12th March 2007 and must say that we found this hotel to be absolutely fine in every respect and even excellent in some. The location couldn't be better, 10 mins (max) walk from Penn Station, 2 mins from subway and Empire State. The check in staff were very polite and efficient and the decor and general look of the place was good. Our room on the 12th floor was clean and plenty spacious enough for our stay, and had a great view of the Empire State! The bathroom was clean and the shower good. The free breakfast was more than enough to keep you going 'till lunchtime, but the breakfast room could get a little busy- no real problem though. There was a free gym which looked ok too. We paid $164 per night which I thought was reasonable and I would definitely recommend the Red Roof and would return again if possible.	
Mar 14 2007	Great location better than average accommodations would stay again.	The hotel location one block south of the Empire State Building is great. It was one block (avenue) from 2 subway lines and only 2 blocks (avenues) from Penn Station where you can find just about any mass transportation available in NYC.The accommodations were better than average, but certainly not perfect. I believe the floors/carpets &amp; bathrooms were clean, but some housekeeping (some dust in a few areas) was not quite what I would like to see.The rooms are fairly small, but I know other older hotels in NYC have even smaller rooms. We were not in the room much, so it was not an issue.The Hotel's &quot;free wireless&quot; is as advertised &quot;free&quot;. However, it was so intermittent, I would not choose this hotel if you need/depend on wireless service. It worked about 20% of the time and never for more than 45 minutes at one time.The free continental breakfast included, 3 cereals, 5-10 toppings, yogurt, energy drinks (Red Bull), donuts, bagels, muffins, danishes, coffee, juices, milk, and fresh fruit. It was plenty for our group.The 2nd floor bar/lounge was adequate, but did have a very low ceiling and felt a bit cramped.Bell service was very good and there were no issues with anyone at the front desk (contrary to a couple of other reviewers issues).	
Mar 13 2007	Great Budget Hotel	Very clean and comfortable rooms. The bathroom was spotless and plenty of hot water. Free breakfast has a good choice of food and there was plenty of it. Would stay here again.	
Mar 11 2007	Fantastic cheap and brilliant location	Located across the Rd from the Empire State and 1 block from Macys. It is in the Korean District but DO NOT be put off. Excellent value for money it does not serve food but a buffet style cold breakfast is available in the mornings. The breakfast room does get busy but apart from that a fabulous hotel.	
Mar 7 2007 	Terrible experience	I had an awful stay at the Red Roof Inn. My reservation got screwed up multiple times. While I was in transit to New York, someone from the hotel called me to say that there were no rooms available for me. I was sharing a room with two other people, who had already checked in when I arrived (I guess our room was available after all...). However, when I got to the hotel, they could not find the names of my companions in their computer system and checked me in seperately, charging me for an additional room. When I tried to get all of this straightened out, one member of the front desk staff was incredibly rude to me. He refused to answer my questions and mocked me for being concerned about being charged for a room I wasn't staying in. He actually said &quot;It's just money, it's not the end of your life.&quot;Eventually I was able to speak to the manager, who did remove the extra charges after a lengthy discussion. He was very intimidating and initially maintained that I was at fault for the mixup. But he eventually agreed to charge me only a reservation cancellation fee. For a reservation that I never should have had! But I gave up at that point, as I was only being charged $30 extra rather than $300. Dealing with this situation ate up several hours of my trip to New York, and pretty much ruined the whole trip for me.As for the hotel itself, it was in a good location, but it was run-down and somewhat dirty. The wallpaper was peeling and the carpet had holes in it. It was definitely NOT worth the price I was paying (even when I was charged for only one room!)I later wrote a complaint to the Red Roof Inn parent company about the problems with my reservation and the outrageous response of the front desk staffer. Following my complaint, I received a phone call from the manager of the hotel, who berated me for contacting the company instead of him and told me that what I had said about the front desk staff couldn't possibly be true. I was in tears by the end of the phone call. He asked me to contact Red Roof Inn again to tell them that he had helped me and that he had fixed every problem that I brought to his attention. While it's true that he helped me to fix the problems I had, I thought that his response to my complaint was very inappropriate. Needless to say, I will not be staying at that hotel ever again!	
Mar 5 2007 	Great Location Great Price Good Room	This hotel was a perfect choice for us. We had an excellent rate and we were in walking distance from a lot of attractions/subway station. The free breakfast is great b/c everyone knows that NYC can get pretty expensive so it was nice not having to pay for a breakfast. The staff was fine they didn't go out of their way for us but they were not rude. The room was clean but on the small side, however figured most NYC rooms would be on the small side. The size of the room was not a big problem considering you really don't spend much time in the room anyways. I would definitely stay here again if I return to NYC any time soon.	
Feb 28 2007	Great location	I stayed at this Red Roof with two of my friends the third week in February. The hotel gave me exactly what was quoted on my reservation and the service was excellent. They cleaned our room nicely every day and both the room and bathroom were clean. No bugs and it was fabulous being about a block away from the Empire State Building. Not only that, very easy to find a subway station as well. And close to a really excellent bagel place just down the street too.We only paid 109 a night (this was February), recieved internet for no extra charge, and that was an excellent price for a place where we just wanted to sleep.I totally recommend the Red Roof Manhattan	
Feb 28 2007 	What a Deal!	What a deal. My husband and I wanted to stay overnight in the city since we were going to a concert and planned to make a night of it. We didn't want to spend a lot though. After reading MANY reviews of cheaper hotels in the MSG area, we chose the Red Roof Inn because of the many good reviews. From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but inside it looks recently renovated. Our room overlooked the city and was nicely updated and clean. The bathroom wasn't as updated as everything else, but it was still decent. When we decided to order a pizza at 1:30am, the front desk was helpful with telling us who to call. I believe we booked the room for $129! We were within easy walking distance to Madison Square Garden, and had we chosen to spend the day in the city to sightsee (we're from Jersey!) it was a wonderful location for that as well. Close to the Empire State and Chrysler building. I highly recommend this hotel if you're on a budget!	
Feb 27 2007 	don´t sleep there!	This place is expensive and a real [--] . everything is used up, cracked and the room was really dirty. The bath room was a nightmare and the surrounding of the hotel is very touristic and loud. The interieur is used up, the bed was like a hammock. dont go there. I had to sleep there for 2 nights and it wasnt good at all.	
Feb 22 2007 	Good value for price	I booked a DDBL room for $149 the first night and $119 additional nights. I called the day before to add my sister's name to the room. She arrived before me and there was no problem. I ended up arriving a day later because of the big snowstorm. I called about parking and was told it was next door. This is false. It's at the beginning of the block, at 32nd and Broadway. It was $28/nite, more if you have an SUV. You drive in, they park it and retrieve it for you. Show your call tag to the front desk to get the hotel rate; they'll put a sticker on it (the parking is handled completely separately). Room was small but adequate, and clean. Free hi-speed was intermittent and unreliable. Breakfast on the 2nd floor was OK--donuts, bagels, yogurt. Also free Red Bulls if you like that. There's a sign up saying don't take food to room, which is ridiculous because the breakfast room is too small. Front desk staff all had thick accents. I think they were south Asian. Not particularly friendly or helpful, but they did their job. Housekeepers were friendly.Location is great. At the end of the block is the 34th St. Subway stop with many different lines. The neighborhood is lousy with restaurants and drugstores, including a 24 hour Walgreen's up on 5th and 33rd. By the way, the hotel is much closer to 5th than to Broadway or 6th.I'd stay here again if I got a similar rate.	
Feb 14 2007 	Rude and arrogant front desk staff	I travel frequently to New York City and have stayed in a variety of hotels and I never encountered such rude and arrogant front desk staff. This is a basic hotel in a good location, but the attitude of the staff ruined my stay and put a damper on my visit to New York.To put it simply, we arrived around 1 p.m. on a Sunday and asked if we could check in early because at 3 p.m. check-in time, we would be at a Broadway matinee. The indifferent desk clerk looked up my reservation, shrugged and said no, but we were allowed to leave our bags. We returned to the hotel around 9:30 p.m. and were told that our reservation had been cancelled AND that the hotel was sold out and no rooms were available! It was a cold February night and we were staggered! The reservation had been made through Quikbook, a hotel reservation website, and nowhere had it been mentioned that at 6 p.m. the reservation would be cancelled without a credit card. (Quikbook had given us a hotel confirmation number). The card on file at Quikbook had been declined, but I had not intended to use it. It was the rude attitude of the staff that shocked us. After some haggling, they said, well, there are rooms after all and quoted a rate that was $60 a night more than the reservation. After we argued some more, they finally gave us a room for $30 more a night.The customer service was really appalling. Needless to say, I will not be staying in this hotel ever again.	
Feb 14 2007 	Beware!! Do Not Book This Hotel!!!	Booked this hotel via hotel website (Apple Core Hotels), got a confirmation number and thought I was set. Then they called this morning to inform me they had made a mistake and I no longer had a reservation here and would have to stay at their other hotel located across the street, the La Quinta Manhattan. That hotel has terrible reviews! When I arrived in NY I tried to talk to the staff at the Red Roof, explaining I had made the reservation, had a confirmation number, had paid for the room, all to no avail. I was sent packing to La Quinta. But after hauling my bags through the snow storm to that hotel, they said they could not accomodate me after all, since the person whose room I was to take had not checked out. It was outrageous. They shook their heads, too bad, and told me they'd made me a reservation at another hotel, which also had terrible reviews and where I would never have voluntarily stayed, then they told me I could take a cab there At My Own Expense. You cannot trust this hotel chain. And they won't care. Look elsewhere!	
Feb 13 2007	Amazing!	We stayed in the Red Roof Inn Feb2 - Feb 6. We booked it also through their website - and the rate was 109,99 USD plus Tax.!! I think this price is unbeatable in the heart of NYC. We did a lot of the attractions by feet - but the Metro station (34th Street) is only a few steps away. It is located just around the corner of Macy's and the ESB.We had a room on the 15th Floor with a straight view of the ESB. Amazing. It was -2 F outside, but our heating worked very good.Everything is clean and nice. The breakfast buffet (fruits, jelly, cream cheese, cranberries, rasins, nuts, apples, bananas, bagels, donuts, cereal, toast, juice, pastries, cappuchino, jogurt, skim/whole milk) is included!!! ...but around 9 a.m. it is a bit crowdy in the room - but who cares ;-) It was our 5th stay in NYC (a we already stayed at the Waldorf Astoria!!) but this Hotel is perfect - we will go back!!!	
Feb 10 2007	Brilliant stay!	I booked this hotel thru the red roof inn website which is lower than that of apple core hotels. We stayed here for 5 nites.The rate of $175 excluding taxes for a double double room was amazing. There were 3 of us and the 2 bed room was ideal. The room was extremely spacious on the 9th floor. It overlooked an apartment building and there was NO street noise whatsoever.The only gripe: the was a draft from the windows! since it was below freezing this was a pain! Although the heating system was adequate, once we fell asleep, the place overheated! When heating turned off, it was too cold! It didnt matter too much as we were only there at nite!DO NOT USE THE BEDROOM PHONE FOR INTERNATIONAL CALLS! we were charged 27 bucks for a 5 minute call.Housekeeping excellent, we tipped about 2-3 dollars per day. They did a great job!Breakfast in the hotel is great! We were there on a budget and ate the hotel breakfast every morning. We were there early around 7-7.30am. We always found a table. If you leave it later than 8am it gets crowded.Location of this hotel is AMAZING! Macys &amp; ESB extremely close as is Penn station.In the centre of everthing on west 32nd street. Taxis very easy to get on this st also. We walked to the nearer attractions. Go to ESB early to avoid queues.Use busses and subways, check out the MTA website. For 2 bucks you can go allover nyc!I would definately return to this hotel again.	
Jan 22 2007 	Great Stay At The Red Roof Inn	We (four women) stayed there January 18-22, 2007. We had a great time! What a deal the room was! We had requested a room on a higher level (to see the Empire State Building), but when we could get a refrigerator and microwave, we opted for the double bed room on the third floor. Our view overlooked a patio roof top next to a Gym and Apratment Buildings across the street. It was not bad. We were happy because we had very little street noise as opposed to the front of the hotel.The room was very clean. We ate the free continental breakfast two of the four mornings. We chose the Carnagie Deli for Sunday brunch (great choice) and a bagel shop/deli 1/4 block from the hotel this morning just to do something before we checked out. The hotel is two blocks from Penn Station, two stops from Time Square. The first day we walked to Time Square (10 blocks) Macy's is two blocks north, the Manhattan Mall is on your way to Penn Station. The area the hotel is in (Koreantown) is a good location because restaurants are open 24 hours so there are always people around.When I go back again, I am staying there again! FYI--the cab fare from Rockefeller Center to the hotel for four was less than four one-way subway ticket ($6 verses $8, we made it $8 with a tip!)Thanks to all the reviewers on Trip Advisor for your help in making my trip a great one!	
Jan 21 2007 	Great value	This hotel has to be the best deal in New York City!!! We found the hotel very clean and extremely well appointed. Very handy for all attractions especially the Empire Stae Building which we could see right outside our bedroom window.... what a view!!! The breakfast was more than adequate especially when you consider that most hotels make you pay for the breakfast. It meant that we could start sightseeing that much earlier and saved us some money!! We would definately stay here again!	
Jan 19 2007 	Great for Business Travel	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan. I was looking for a good budget hotel near Penn Station and booked this hotel based on reviews I read here. I was not disappointed. The location was great - in the center of Koreatown, the price was great, and the hotel was clean. The room was small but ample sized for one person. The room and a desk and chair and plenty of wireless internet choices. I went to the free continental breakfast each morming and there was plenty of food choices for me. There is also a fitness center on the 3rd floor, which I did not use.Overall, I was very happy with this hotel. The room I had was probably too small for a family, but fine for one or two people.Highly recommend this hotel.Cheers!	
Jan 18 2007	Great Value and Location	Pleasantly surprised at the value this centrally located hotel offers. New York hotel prices can be extreme but the Red Roof was excellent. Room looks small at first but you don't spend much time there anyway. Interesting view of the Empire State Building. Entrance to 34th street subway at the end of the block was a bonus. Walkable distance from Times Square. A bit of noise from the street throughout the night and in the morning but it is New York ... and still managed a good night sleep. Comfortable beds.Clean but slightly dated bathrooms.Excellent concierge/bellboys ... very friendly.Will stay here again on my next trip to New York.	
Jan 18 2007	Good value great location	Just stayed here for 4 nights and was very pleased with the hotel.Room was a good size for a New York hotel, and was cleaned daily, with the towels also being changed. Great location. I will stay there again without hesitation.	
Jan 5 2007 	Very Good Hotel !	I had read the reviews on this website and I was hoping not to be disappointed and I was not! My mom and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in late September 2006 and we researched alot before we left for our first time in NYC. From when we first arrived at the hotel and welcomed by a very nice porter then the front desk staff was very friendly and pointed out the concierge desk and the amenties of the hotel. Our room was a business king and it was spacious (consdiering the amount of luggage that was great), clean and airy. We had requested a view of the Empire State Building and that is what we got and also a view of an office building right across the way. The breakfast room was a little small and the selection was a normal cont. breakfast, nothing over the top. You are supposed to eat in the breakfast room, but it was too small so we would bring the food back to the room. We used the concierge to book a car back to the airport and that was a great deal. We also got maps from her that helped alot during our trip. The porter was the same when we checked in as when we checked out. They stored the luggage for us with no problem and he is warm and friendly. We plan on going back in May '07 and we will use the same hotel. Very close to everything and where you catch the subway I recommend sitting in the park and eating peanuts from the vendor.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great Value and Place!	My husband and I went on our 2nd wedding anniversary trip to NY. We wanted to see all of the sites in 3 days and we did see a TON! This hotel was centrally located only blocks from Times Square, and was the best value! We requested a room high enough and facing the Empire State (only one block over) the view was fantastic! The room was BIG (especially for NYC) and had everything we needed. We felt safe as well. I would go to this hotel again for the bargain!	
Dec 31 2006 	Nice Hotel...But Don't Forget Your Credit Card...	We visited New York for 4 days in October (2006) via the Maple Leaf train from Toronto. I had booked the hotel accomodation on the Internet with my credit card. Due to an aberration (!) we arrived at the hotel without my credit card. That was a major mistake. We arrived at 10.45pm after a 12 hour train trip, only to be told we could not have our room without the credit card being verified. Although they had all the details on their computer they could not use those details to process payment for the room; those details were to collect a cancellation fee had we not turned up! I ( now) understand that this is standard behaviour across the hotel industry, but what annoyed me was the complete lack of empathy/understanding for our situation. To cut a VERY long story short, ( which involved me traipsing all over the city in the early hours trying to cash UK travellers' cheques) we did not get into our room until 5am local time, after I was able to contact my brother-in law in ENGLAND via email, who was able to pay over the phone with HIS credit card. In that time we were not even offered a cup of water! The hotel is very nice, in a great location for visiting the attractions of NewYork, and is reasonbly priced, although the room was a bit cramped for four people. Also the breakfast room is way too small for the size of hotel...make sure you get in there in good time as they lock the doors at 10am. There is also wireless provision if you need it (and plenty of hot-spots from other vendors!).After all the problems we had I WOULD probably stop here again as it is a nice hotel in the centre of New York. New York is great too!	
Dec 26 2006 	Great deal	Bottom line, the price for the service is outstanding. Free Continental breakfast, free wireless, and I had a fabulous view of the Empire State building...convenient to uptown or downtown...it ain't the Ritz but dollar for dollar this is the best deal in town.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great Value and Location	Stayed here December 17-20, 2006. The room was great - stayed in a room with two double beds, size of the room was good. Room also had coffee maker, fridge and microwave, as well as a tv. The staff were friendly, especially the porter who held our bags until we checked in and after when we checked out until we left by a cab to LaGuardia (which was arranged by the hotel too - $45 with tolls). Paid US$139 for the room. Breakfast was good - bagels, toast, oatmeal, juices, coffee, fresh fruit and donouts. Location was excellent, steps from Macy's, Penn Station and the Empire State Building. Street where the hotel is has lots of Korean restaurants and shops, a bit on the unsightly side compared to other places nearby. But always felt safe. Highly recommended, excellent hotel!	
Dec 17 2006 	Worst Spot in NYC	Awoken at 4:30AM with vulgar language and heated arguement with threats of killing someone in the hallway. When I attempted to call the front desk for help, I found the phone next to the bed to be dead. I called the front desk long distance from my cell phone and asked for help. No one ever came and we were too scared to leave the room. This went on for over an hour when finally the fight calmed down. When I went to check out and spoke with the front desk the best they could say was that they were sorry my stay was interupted. Obviously, this must not be an uncommon occurance here. I would not considere this place for anyone travelling with children or not of strong heart.	
Dec 17 2006 	Basic hotel - excellent location	We (3 friends) stayed at the Red Roof Inn in late November 2006 for 7 nights. Location of the hotel is fantastic, as has been stated here several times. The subway station is very close, as are Macy's, Madison Square Garden and Empire State Building. The area is bustling with life as the hotel is in Koreatown (ie. on 34th St between 5th and 6th Avenue).We had made the booking at the hotel website stating we would be 3 adults. As the reservation confirmation included this information we assumed the reservation and rate had been calculated for 3 adults. However, when we checked in the clerk said there would be only one king-size bed, ie. a room for 2 adults. He basically said that the Internet system cannot be trusted in this type of special cases and we should have been in contact with the hotel staff in person. Fortunately we were able to get a slightly bigger room which would accommodate an extra bed (at an extra cost).We were pleasantly surprised with the room as it was very spacious. The extra bed fitted there well and we could all still keep our luggage opened on the floor. The decor is old and the room is slightly rough on the edges, but as such it was basically what we had expected. The room included a king-size bed, extra bed, desk, closet, tv table, fridge, chair, coffee maker.The bathroom was spacious as well and there was soap, shampoo and conditioner available. It was clean and made actually a better impression than the room itself. But although there was a bath tub it really was not inviting enough to actually take a bath.It was a pleasant surprise to have breakfast included in the price but on the last couple of mornings we were getting quite tired with the selection. The breakfast consisted of white bread and bagels, apples, bananas, porridge, coffee/tea, apple/orange juice, donuts and on bread you could take jelly/butter/cream cheese. The breakfast room is small and it got very crowded towards 9 am. We usually went there at 8 am and had no problems finding an empty table.In all, it was a basic tourist hotel and you get what you pay for. Thus the experience was pretty much what we had anticipated. However, it seems that better deals can be found and I think I will look for another hotel in the same price range the next time I'm in NYC.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great Hotel Fantastic Location	We stayed at the Red Roof for five nights from December 2nd and we were very pleasantly surprised. The rooms were nicely decorated with good sized clean bathroom. Rooms were equipped with Iron/ironing board and a coffee maker. The breakfast room on the second floor provides bagels, toast, muffins and tea/coffee. Maid service is every day. The room itself is not very big but if there are no seats available you can take your food to your room. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. There is a girl at a special help desk in reception from 8am to 8pm each day. The location is perfect with Macys and the Empire state building just around the corner. Also wilthin walking distance is Time Square. Cafe Martinique on Broadway is good value for hot breakfast, lunch and dinner. Overall the Red Roof was an added bonus for our first trip to New York.	
Dec 15 2006 	Perfect choice	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 7 nights around Thanksgiving. I had done a lot of research before booking this and was really pleased with the choice. We paid $210 a night which I soon realised is pretty good price for a hotel this central. I shopped around a bit and found the best rate was through the hotel's own website redroof.com. The location is absolutely ideal for any visitors. It is about a 3 minute walk to Macy's, 5 minutes to Madison Square Garden and about 10 minutes to Times Square. When the reviews say it is in Koreatown it is really just one street and has a lot of restaurants which were always very busy. We were out quite late at night and always felt safe. There are always plenty of poeple around especially if you don't head away from the main streets. We had room 1502 with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building from our window. After reading other reviews I was really surprised by the size of the room. By American standards it was pretty big and certainly bigger than the one we had in SF last year. Of course by European standards it was enormous! We had one large bed which was really comfortable and huge. The room was cleaned and bed changed every day without fail. Wasn't that impressed by the breakfast but there were plenty of great places to eat not far from the hotel. Check in and out was very smooth and the hotel happily held onto our luggage for us the final day before we headed to the airport.Had a fabulous stay in New York and would definitely stay here again when we come back.	
Dec 8 2006	Wow! What a surprise	My assistant made the reservation for me, so I was in a foul mood when before I walked in. However, what a surprise! It is really clean, the beds are comfortable, and the people are friendly. I only stayed one night when I was stranded in town, I am a bit of a snob but wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. Great price, area is lively and not intimidating. You are handy for all the subways etc, getting a taxi isn't too hard either. Nice place	
Dec 5 2006 	Great location clean hotel and courteous staff	My son and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn on December 1st and 2nd. We were there for a &quot;Father-Son&quot; weekend and flew in from Atlanta. The location was great. 34th street subway station just down the street. We were in room 905. The room had only one bed, but it was an extremely large king size. I have never seen a king size this large before! We also had a refrigerator and microwave in the room, but did not use them. The bathroom was clean and of decent size. Overall, the hotel and room was very clean. The staff was courteous and helpful. We had no issues with loud noises either inside the hotel or outside. Our room was on the backside of the hotel so we did not have any car noise to deal with. The breakfast in the morning was great, but we did get there when they opened so we had no problems getting a table. Great selection of morning foods. My son and I were out past midnight both nights and used the subway both times. Never had a problem or felt threatened. The street the hotel is on was alive with people and never had a problem walking anywhere. Although we paid the normal December prices, I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a clean, comfortable place to bed down.	
Dec 4 2006 	Fine Value	Just got back from a weekend in NYC- Booked the Red Roof Inn almost a year in advance and got a (for New York at Christmas-time) good rate- The rooms, while, typically for New York, not large, were very clean and comfortable- One couple, in our party of 4staying there, had a nice view of the Empire State Building- We had no noise issues- The elevators were not terribly slow, though we were out early and in late- The continental breakfast was all you could ask for- Four others in our party stayed at a much more raved about hotel further uptown but did not receive anywhere near the value we did- I would go back here unless money were no object	
Nov 19 2006 	Red Roof Inn - Good valuegreat location	We chose this hotel using Trip Advisor recommendations. For the price, the room was clean,decent bed and bathroom, fresh coffee supplied and adequate continental breakfast.Staff very helpful and the location is excellent for a tourist in Manhattan.	
Nov 12 2006	loved the convience	This hotel was CLEAN The Korean take out down the street was open 24/7 and always had hot fresh food (pumpkin soup to die for!!) Everyone that worked here was very helpful. I plan on staying again in Feb 2007 with my 13 year old.	
Nov 9 2006 	It could have been better	I had wanted to stay at one of the Apple Core hotels for a while because they were supposed to be such a good deal. The price was an okay $250/night and the experience was nothing special. The woman who checked us in was surly, the tub was stopped up, and the room was small. But we never saw the woman again, the tub was fixed quickly, and I really didn't expect a big room anyway. The room was reasonably clean, the location is really nice - near lots of subways, and it's on the same block as about a dozen Korean BBQs (the Shilla was delicious). The hotel was adequate but I'll go someplace else next time because there's so much to choose from in Manhattan, not because the hotel was bad.	
Nov 7 2006 	Good value for N.Y.	Stayed here for 4 nights from Oct 30th with my husband following a 4 night trip to Washington. I didn't expect it to be as good value as Washington and my expectations were realistic. However we were surprised the hotel was as good as it was. The room was not large but certainly adequate in size and met our needs. The room was clean though the cleaners missed out on things like dusting ledges and vacumning under the bed and lockers which might annoy some people but it wasn't too bad. Bathroom was fine but the shower head wasn't very powerful. The lift (we were on the 14th floor) was slow enough but not very irritating. Breakfast was good with bagels, fruit, juice, doughnuts etc on offer. The hot water dispenser for making tea was in need of replacement as it emitted a dribble of water all the time but we survived! This hotel is in a great location for Macy's ,Empire State, Penn Stn, Times Sq etc and surprisingly traffic noise wasn't an issue with us at night time. You won't get better value in N.Y. for $209 per night (Before tax). So my complaints are really minor ones and we were quite pleased with our stay. We did notice that it was popular with other Irish tourists and that may be helpful to know if you feel the need to hear Irish accents around you in order to feel &quot;at Home&quot; in this hotel! One positive aspect of this fact is that you always have fellow country people on hand to direct you to the best bargains in the shops! From Drogheda, Ireland.	
Nov 5 2006 	Great location at a fraction of the price	Location! Location! Location! 0.1 mile from the Empire State Building. Walking distance to shopping, restaurants and to the tour bus route. Continental breakfast served. Rooms though small and basic are clean. Request for a higher floor for better city view. Friendly staff. No concierge, any planning requests like taxi service or tour tickets have a fee. Plan tours on your own or ahead of time.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	We had 2 double beds in our room and it was a reasonable size room. Beds were very comfortable. Bathroom was spacious and very clean. Fresh bed linen and towels supplied every day. Coffee maker in the room and was replenished daily. Hotel was very warm which was great as it was quite cold outside.Complimentary breakfast (7am to 10am) was great and whenever the breakfastroom was full we took our breakfast back to our room. Reception staff were more than helpful and very friendly. Hotel location is excellent for shoppers as its only about a 5 minute walk to Macys and Manhattan Mall. Penn Station is 2 blocks (400 yards). The Empire State Building is 100 yards away and its a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Very centrally located indeed. Do try the food at O'Reillys, 54 W 31street and Ellens Stardust Diner on Broadway is well worth a visit. Will definately stay at the Red Roof Inn again.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great NYC Budget Hotel	We had a wonderful stay at Red Roof in NYC! We have no complaints. Being a budget hotel, we were very satisfied with our accomodations. If necessary, the hotel staff met our needs with no problems. We found that most places, with the same price range, did not include a toilet/bathroom, they were usually shared. Fortunately, at Red Roof, we had a full bath. They included soap, lotion and a conditioning shampoo. Another great thing was the free Continental breakfast. They had bagels, fruit, doughnuts, juice and coffee. Also, in our rooms was a coffee maker and coffee available.The Empire State building was right next to our hotel, we could see it from our hotel room. Broadway and Times Square were very close, as well. There was a subway about 1/2 block away and cabs were always readily available.You must keep in mind that it's NYC and everything is expensive so for the price range, you must liken the stay to a typical Motel 6 in the Mid-West.Overall, we had an excellent stay.	
Oct 12 2006	Great view of the Empire State Building	It was an average room with an average bath but it was clean and the a/c worked well. Inside the hotel (and room) it was very quiet even though it was noisy outside. The location was very good for sightseeing, but the best part was the Empire State Building filled our view out the window!	
Oct 10 2006 	Very Good Budget Hotel in New York	We had room 1612 for 5 nights. Reasonable size room by European city budget hotel standards. Comfortable king bed. Bathroom was clean and bright. Plentiful supply of hot water morning and evening and no problems with water pressure or standing water (as reported in other reviews). Housekeeping was excellent, fresh bed linen and towels every day. Coffee maker in the room. No minibar (an observation not a complaint). Big TV. Very warm in NYC on 2nd/3rd/4th Oct and air conditioning in the room worked fine.Complimentary breakfast (7am to 10am) is fairly basic (fruit juice, coffee, fruit, bagels etc) but for us it was more than sufficient. Tiny breakfast room on 2nd floor with 12 tables. Packed every morning. If you don't mind sharing tables you will be fine. Reception desk was efficient for both check in and check out. Lobby Tour Desk was helpful and friendly providing information whether you were booking a tour with them or not. The Concierge had taxis at the front door whenever we asked. Hotel location on West 32nd Street between 5th and 6th Avenues is well reported in other reviews, perfect for a city break. Access to subway and bus options within yards. Penn Station is 2 blocks (400 yards). The Empire State Building is 100 yards away. A 10 minute walk to Times Square (note to men, take the 5th Avenue route to avoid Macy's, West 34th Street and other magnets for shoppers). Little Korea restaurants and shops attract a constant crowd both day and night but a safe neighbourhood (restaurants throw garbage in the street at night for overnight collection).The bill on check out was as expected and fully itemised. There are 4 different State and City taxes, in total an extra 15% on top of the advertised room rate. I booked this hotel based on the strong reviews on Tripadvisor and I was not disappointed. Overall very enjoyable experience and everything we needed for a high activity city break.	
Oct 9 2006	Excelent Location with a reasonable price	I've stayed in Red Roof Inn for 8 nights, and the Hotel fulfilled all my expectations (which were high due to the tripadvisor reviews). The main strength is its location, right behind the empire state building. In terms of service, it is plain vanilla, being the only extra a decent breakfast (a rarity in New York standards). The room was big enough (probably for American standards could be considered small) and the bed was excellent. The main weakness is the slow elevators. In conclusion, for a budget and no-frills stay in NY this is an excellent value for money choice.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great Location good price too	I stayed here from the 27th September for 4 nights. Had a room on the 10th floor and the view out the window was the empire state building. (pic attached) It's very central, only 5 minute walk to times square. And right next to fifth avenue too, it can be a bit loud at night. I imagine if i had a lower level room I might have been more annoyed, one night a guy keep beeping his car horn for about 15 mins, (-)annoying. thats my only gripe, and its not about the hotel :) Breakfast was ok, all good for getting some bananas and apples for your sight seeing day.	
Oct 4 2006 	Location Location Location	If you are looking for a convenient hotel in NYC but want to save on rates, Red Roof Manhattan is a great place to stay. We checked out the reviews on Tripadvisor.com and found most of them to be favorable so we decided to go ahead and book a 9 night stay, from Sept. 24 to Oct. 2.LOCATION - The hotel in located in W32nd St. between 5th and Broadway, in that area known as Korea Town. This is actually good for Asian tourists because of the proliferation of 24 hour Korean restaurants, serving authentic and affordable meals.The hotel is just around the corner from the Empire State Building, a hop and a skip from Macy's and H&amp;M, Forever 21, the Manhattan Mall and other shopping destinations.Just walk up 5th Ave. and you'll hit the NY Public Library, the Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's, FAO Scwarz, the entrance to Central Park ... the hotel is great for just taking long leisurely walks to shopping and sightseeing destinations.Take the M4 bus all the way to Cloisters, it passes right by the hotel, take the Q32 all the way to Jackson Heights in Queens to all the ethnic restaurants -- and a few steps away from the hotel, at the corner of 32nd and Broadway is a subway station for the N R W line that takes you to Union Square, Chinatown and everywhere.The hotel is also very close to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden, and Times Square -- everything is within walking distance.FACILITIES - As to the hotel facilities, the rooms are average sized, we had a king bed and cable tv and the room and the beddings were clean and comfortable.The room and bathroom were kept clean throughout our stay. The soap they provide is lousy so bring your own soap and shampoo. FREE BREAKFAST - There is free breakfast on the 2nd floor, up to 10 am, which we went to only twice during our stay -- they have bagels and doughnuts and jam and butter and coffee and juice. We opted to enjoy more of what New York had to offer and enjoyed brunches in quaint places throughout the city -- but if a continental breakfast is fine with you, the free bagels and rolls are good value for the rate you paid for.CHECK IN - I was momentarily nonplussed at check in because I had requested for a) non-smoking floor, b) higher floor with room number ending in 02 or 03 c) a view of the Empire State building. Instead, I got a smoking room on the 6th floor albeit with the requested 03 ending. The 6th floor is not high enough to block out the noises from the street below specially late at night, when all the garbage trucks are picking up the garage.I expressed my disappointment but the lady who handled the check in said there were no more non smoking rooms on non smoking floors. When I countered that I had requested for a non smoking room, they said that preferences were just that and could not always be met. I was afraid that the room would be stuffy and mentioned that 9 nights was too long a stay if I hated the room but she did say that rooms were aired and deodorized so definitely, the room would not be stuffy or would not smell of smoke.Thankfully, she was correct but if you are very sensitive to smoke -- perhaps you can follow up your reservation with a phone call to the hotel to make sure you do get what you requested for.PHONE CALLS - The hotel claims that you can make free phone calls within the 212 area code but we tried several times but couldn't get through -- we were never able to make use of the free service. You always get a busy signal. A friend who also stayed in the same hotel had the same experience and we ended up using our own mobile phones to call. What's the use of saying there are free calls when no one can ever get through?SERVICE - Reviews I read about the hotel were equally split between raves about the service and rants. I found the service at the front desk perfunctory but then again -- it's not the Ritz. Maid service was on the ball and rooms were cleaned thoroughly and on time and that was more important to me during our stay. We hardly needed anything from the front desk or the concierge so it wasn't an issue that they were not too friendly -- except for one night manager who was quite accommodating about a package I wanted them to keep for a friend.Because of the hotel's terrific location and the very good rates, I would not hesitate to go back to the Red Roof Manhattan next time I go on vacation to New York.	
Oct 3 2006 	superb value and location	Great value for money, good sized room, all amenities, excellent location, concierge assistance first class. We stayed on a pre cruise stop over and on our return got off the ship 9am with a flight home at 10pm, they held our luggage all day at no charge.Thoroughly recommend this hotel	
Oct 2 2006 	A Budget Gem Tucked Away	All I can say is...Thank goodness for TripAdvisor! It used to be a throw of the dice as to what hotel to book. We did extensive reviews and getting the nod was Red Roof Manhattan. Finding the hotel was a little bit of a challenge as it's really tucked away deep in Korean Town - definitely invisible from cross streets but after a few circles around the area - we called the hotel and their friendly staff was able to guide us in.The hotel lobby was nicely updated with marble walls, a concierge stand, front desk and a second level cocktail bar that too was comfortable and inviting. Check in was painless and upon arriving to our room, we were pleased that albeit a little on the small side - it wasn't too small and certainly was clean, smell-free and had everything we needed for a comfortable night's stay. The nicely tiled bathroom was very clean and had all the little hotel amenities (soap/cups/shampoo/etc) and plenty of towels.The best part about this hotel is it's location! You're on the same block as a subway entrance so it's great to be able to get the all day Metro Card and make our way through various parts of the island. It's an easy walk to Madison Square Garden, The Empire State Building and a whole lot of shopping stores.Keep in mind - once outside the hotel, you are in the middle of Korean Town with a lot of hustle and bustle and 24-hour sushi/karaoke bars. At night - the trash is piled up high but any smells we encountered were minimal. There is also a parking garage in the same block and the hotel does offer discounted parking. In our case - we parked the car and took cabs and the subway for the three days that we were there. Parking for our oversized Suburban was $35. Smaller cars about $25/day - One time in/out.I highly recommend this hotel especially if you're only planning on spending a minimal amount of time actually in the hotel as we did. We needed a great location, hot shower, and a comfortable bed at a price that wasn't outrageous....the Red Roof Manhattan fit the bill perfectly!	
Sep 26 2006 	Great location and helpful staff	This is a good choice if you are looking to visit Manhattan and not spend all of your money on accomodations. The hotel is centrally located (less than 2 blocks from the Empire State Building, Times Square (about 10 blocks), Macy's and other shopping (about 2 blocks) etc.). The rooms were fairly small and plain (typical of most budget hotel/motels) but most importantly they were clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and friendly ~ so be sure to ask them questions if you need directions or to arrange a ride to the airport. A few things to mention....there are only 2 rather slow elevators servicing nearly 17 floors....So if your room is on one of the upper floors...prepare to spend quite a bit of time in the elevator. They do provide a continental breakfast but it is held in a room that can only seat about 15-20 people (max) at a time. We would get there at 8am but could never find a place to sit down. So, unfortunately, we could not really take advantage of the free breakfast. But otherwise we had a pleasant stay at the Red Roof Inn and wouldn't mind staying there again.	
Sep 25 2006 	Nice hotel and location but be aware of booking online	We stayed here in September 06 and it is an excellent location, the hotel staff are very nice and the rooms and bedding are clean. The only issue I have with this hotel is I booked online directly through the hotel website and was quoted a specific price however when we arrived the quoted price was not honored due to some &quot;glitch&quot; in the system. Even after showing the hotel manager my receipts he still could not do the same price so we ended up paying more for our room. So please be aware when booking online with this hotel. Other than that we had a great time in New York and for the price and location this hotel is hard to beat.	
Sep 18 2006 	Hotel was clean and reasonably priced until.......	I stayed at this hotel with 2 friends from 9/11-9/15. The hotel was clean as other reviewers have stated. The continental breakfast was fine. Our room was serviced well. It was as others described it. A budget place to stay, close to attractions, helpful staff-the conceriege people were most accomodating in recommending places within walking distance to dine at and securing our confirmation for our return trip to the airport. However, When I arrived home, I received a letter from my credit card company stating there had been &quot;unusual&quot; activity on my card so they placed a protective hold on further charges until I contacted them. The ONLY place I used this credit card the entire trip was at this hotel. There were a number of attempted &quot;unusual&quot; charges to my card. Thank goodness for my issuing bank institution and their diligence. Use your cards at your own risk. Because of this, I'll never stay here again.	
Sep 15 2006 	Very happy	I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel as the price was much lower than others in the area, but the reviews were good, so I decided to take a chance. Accommodations were simple but clean and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. There's a basic complimentary breakfast, a workout room I used each day of my stay, and a bar/lounge area. Even the guests were friendly - one woman was passing the workout room and popped in to ask me if I wanted her to turn the t.v. on for me. The location was also very convenient.	
Sep 13 2006 	...the review's are right	I usually use this web page to have an idea about the hotels. We never be disapointed. We were in NYC from Aug. 19-23, in Red Roof Inn of course. I stayed in various hotels in NYC but this one are in the best ones. (Pennsylvania, Standford, Grand Union, Thirty Thirty, Mildford Plaza)Hotel: is in the middle of Broadway and 5th Ave. Location: close to everything. One block form Penn Station. If you came from JFK or Newark you can take a short walk to the Hotel. Also in Broadway and 32 and 33, you can take the subway there.Room: is like the reviews said. Some are big and some are big enough to sleep only. But trust me, very clean and smell fresh.Continental B: good enough for saving some $$. Fresh fruits, bread, orange juice, cofee, milk...I think is fine.Shopping: If you are interesting in see some &quot;replicas&quot; from LV, Coach, Gucci. Don't forgget visit Broadway down, is like 6 block from the hotel. Every one offer you see it, and remember you have to negociated with them to have a good price. There are more cheaper than Chinatown.You have many place to eat around. In Manhattan Mall there are many economical places and in Penn Station, in 5th Ave. between 32 and 33 are a Starbucks location. If you like sushi and seafood visit Todai. Location, 32nd between 5th and Madison Ave. (todai.com) To be my first time in a place like this I think is good enough to star.	
Sep 8 2006	Good value in a very expensive area	We stayed 3 nights in August, 2006. The room was very clean and neat, spacious, and convenient to many local attractions. The service was very good. Only downside was the continental breakfast room is way too small and overcrowded for the number of people there. The food selections were very limited also, but for New York, it was probably pretty good. Price was reasonable considering where we were. Parking was an issue as it always is in New York. If you don't use the hotel parking, do not park in front of your hotel overnight, unless you want the New York City Sanitation Dept. to bathe your vehicle in liquid garbage. Then just try to find a car wash! The hotel told us it was ok to park there, also. Remember to bring your antibacterial handwash with you and use it often. Use the bathroom in your hotel, and then don't drink too much. Lots of luck finding a public bathroom. Don't miss Ellis Island, Cental Park, The Met, or the MOMA. Those were the highlight of the trip.	
Aug 30 2006 	Good for the price	Good price, good locationLook its a 2 star hotel, you are not going to get much, but its clean and the breakfast is acceptable and its well worth it for the money in Manhatten.I have stayed in other hotels in the same price range in Manhatten and this is the best I have found	
Aug 29 2006 	Fear Not! Red Roof Inn Is Great Value.	I spent considerable time looking for an affordable (less than $175.00 per night) Midtown hotel with a consensus of good reviews. This property was about the only one I found. Yet, I was still reluctant to book it because well, I was going to NYC, not Topeka, and a Red Roof Inn seemed like too much of a budget name for the City. Fear not! But for the non traditional and decidely New York styled (and Korean) signage on the front of the property, you would not be able to tell you're staying at a Red Roof. This 17 story property is typical of most any other Midtown Manhattan hotel, but at a fraction of the price. The location, 2 blocks from the Empire State Building, a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square and 5 minutes to the subway, is ideal for activities in Manhattan. I found the room to be clean and funtional in every way. I didn't consider the room large like many reviewers did, but it was not small either. Another value move is to buy the 7day Metro/Subway pass which gives you unlimited rides on the subway or buses for only $24.00. I bought mine at La Guardia and used it to get to the hotel. I returned to the airport by taxi (it was raining and I was short on time for return by subway) and it cost $30.00 including tolls and tip). This hotel exceeded my expectations, given the price paid. They accept AAA also.	
Aug 21 2006 	Still a great hotel at a great price!	We stayed at the RRI three nights this past weekend. This was our third or fourth time to use this property. It did not fail to please.The price is certainly lower than most comparable properties.The location is ideal for mid-town touring and to get to public transportation. The rooms are large and comfortable. The rooms as well as the common areas are clean and fresh. The free breakfast is very adequate. Check in staff is typical of NY - hotel staff is very friendly. All in all, it is a great hotel if you are going to NY! We will stay there again!	
Aug 20 2006 	Good Location and Reasonable price	This hotel is good location, because of 3 min walk from empire state building and 10 min walk form Penn Station, and offers at?reasonable price. The other hand, room is small (not enough space for luggage) ?Its wall is thin, and you might hear voices form the next room. (When I stayed, school girls stayed at my next room and I have heard their cheering loud voice)However the room is very clean and I consider that you can have comfortable stay at this hotel. This hotel is located in Little-Korean town and you might feel different atmosphere around this hotel but generally it is safe. If I were in NYC, I would stay there again	
Aug 18 2006 	Location location location	This was my third visit to the Red Roof and once again it was a great stay. I like the hotel because it's close to but not in the middle of the hectic pace of Times Square and it's basically next door (ok, a block or two) from Macy's, Herald Square, Penn Station and a multitude of subway lines.The hotel itself is fairly basic but very nice. The staff is efficient, the continental breakfast a decent start to the day and the rooms themselves very comfortable. I've stayed in kings three times and none have been the same layout or size, ranging from very tiny to very roomy. Watch both applecorehotels(--) and redroof(--) as you prepare to book. I intially booked the room at $139 and over the next 10 days, it went down to $109 ($104 with my AAA discount). As long as you send Red Roof an email through the Red Roof website and let them know you noticed the rate change, they will adjust the price!!!	
Aug 16 2006	Great location quiet hotel	I was quite pleased with the Red Roof Inn. The price was fair for a New York hotel ($190/night through Travelocity), although it's a bit hard to swallow when you know you can stay in just about any other RRI for $65/night. The room was clean, and fit us well. It was hard to find a room in NYC for 4 adults, and this hotel was one of the few reasonably priced rooms. The staff was polite- no complaints.It was nice to have a continental breakfast. The breakfast was basic, no frills.We had a room on the back side of the hotel. We overlooked an apartment building, which made our room quiet due to lack of street noise. Parking is down the street, separate from the hotel. They give a discount rate, but service there is very slow. This hotel is in a great location, 32nd, between 5th and Broadway. This is 2 blocks from the Hearald Square subway station, in a great shopping area. All in all, a great experience.	
Jul 28 2006	Liked the Red Roof Inn	You 'never know' what you'll encounter in NY. I was pleasantly surprised at the value for the location and price, the room was spotless, everybody was very nice, cute small bar and a good enough continental breakfast/snack to get you going.	
Jul 28 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights. The room and the bathroom were beautiful and clean . They serve contenential breakfast every morning and the food is pretty good, especially the bagels. We found this hotel a perfect location because it is right by the Empire State Building, and about 10 blocks from Times Square. This two star hotel was great value and we got more than what we expected. We would definitely stay here again. Excellent Hotel!	
Jul 25 2006 	Touch Down!!	Thanks, Trip Advisor! The hotel was better than I expected! Very good quality breakfast and nice room/bathroom.Ok, the price is a &quot;New York Price&quot; (U$ 179,00/night) for a 2 stars, but is pretty much a 3 stars! The staff was not &quot;kind&quot; or &quot;sweet&quot;, but was efficient. The room was comfortable, the size and the cleanliness were good, and the view was cool (Empire State, if you look up). There is a neighbour internet point and the fast food restaurant in the corner (Broadway/32St) was inexpensive, healty and good. Cons: The neighbourhood was not so good, cause was in Little Korea (sometimes has garbage in the street), but was safe and strategic, near to the Metro and Macy's/Gap/H&amp;M/BHPhotoVideo and other nice stores. The breakfast room was tinny, so, go early. The room has no minibar. Me and my wife had a great time in NY, and the Hotel (comfort, strategic location) was part of it.	
Jul 23 2006 	Oustanding for the money!	Stayed at the Red Roof for only one night...my two kids had never visited New York, so it was a spur of the moment decision. The price and positive reviews given here led us to stay at the Red Roof, and we were really pleased with our decision.We found the front desk staff to be very friendly and accomodating...they even adjusted our room rate DOWN when we checked in!!! (We did have to pay an extra $20 for a roll away in the room, but no big deal!).The room was very large by New York standards, and clean and neat as could be! We spend very little time in the room, but it was very comfortable...the mattress felt nearly new!Location was the biggest plus...nearly next door to the Empire State Building and Times Square is within walking distance. We visited the Statue of Liberty as well...about a $15 cab ride including tip.I would certainly stay here again...great for the money!	
Jul 23 2006 	better than expected	Location is near the Empire State Building. In the evening the street gets stinky, as many of the korean restaurants around that spot throw their garbage on the walkway. But that is temporarily. We were on the 16th. floor. It was VERY QUIET !! Rooms are clean. Bathroom was ok, allthough the water in the tub stayed for a longer time than normal, but this was not annoying at all. The elevators take some time to bring you up. They are really slow, and as they only have 2 of them, it gets crowded sometimes. Breakfast was average (not bad and not good). Due to the vacation in the US we had problems to find a place in the morning. They offer complimentary WiFi in the breakfast room and in the lobby. Can't say that the staff was friendly, but I haven't spoken a lot to them. It was not neccessary at all :-) !Overall : I recommend this hotel !	
Jul 21 2006 	A good decision made ....	I took my nephew to New York as a treat and after much deliberation decided to spend a little extra than planned and go to the Red Roof. New York hotels are extremely expensive and you normally don't get a lot for your money but the Red Roof is definitely worth it. I booked a room with 2 double beds and was surprised at how big the room was in comparison to other New York hotels I have stayed in.Hotel room was clean, great bathroom and decent air conditioning.Would recommend highly to anyone. Bonus features of this hotel;1) Location - just round the corner from the Empire State2) Free breakfast3) Free WiFi internetDownsidesa) Slow check in processb) Even slower lift (elevator) !c) Taxes ... added about 25% onto the advertised room ratePicture attached was taken from the top of the Empire State Building … as you can see, the Red Roof Hotel doesn’t have a red roof !	
Jul 18 2006	excellent room loved breakfast	Stayed in this hotel from 8th to 11th july 2006. First trip to N.Y. and loved location of hotel. Very near everything and staff on hotel desk very helpful as regards location of places of interest and travel outside city. Stayed on 10th floor and found room very clean and had great view of Empire State Building. Breakfast very good but one would need to come to dining room early as it does not accommodate very many people. Opens at 7.00 and packed by 7.30. Hotel very central so one can dispose of shopping back to hotel as load gets heavy. Loved our stay there and would certainly stay at same location on next trip . Bed extremely comfortable and clean. Linen changed every day.	
Jul 17 2006	1 week at the Red Roof	We (myself and my girlfriend) stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 7 nights in early July 2006. We chose this particular place based on the positive comments here, the central location for our sightseeing and the reasonable price compared to other hotels in the area. Overall, looking back, it was a very good choice and one I'd happiily make again.The room and bathroom were a good size and tidy. Iron, ironing board, TV, movies and Nintendo games available on demand (for a fee), coffee making facilities were all available in the room. Vending and/or ice machines were available on all floors from 2-17.The breakfast is simple but considering most hotels only offer food as an extra we were very glad of this most mornings. Tea, coffee or juices, cereal, toast, bagels or donuts were on offer here until 10am. Small but practical as long as you didnt leave it until the last minute to get here.The staff we dealt with were friendly although this was limited to checking in and out as we had no problems once we got settled. We had a noon checkout but our bus shuttle didnt depart until later in the afternoon so we were very glad to be able to leave our luggage safe for a few hours behind the front desk to allow us some final hours out shopping.We used the NY airport service from JFK on arrival which dropped us at Penn station. This was about a 5 minute walk from the hotel (with luggage) and on the return journey the concierge at the hotel arranged for us to be collected at the front door of the hotel. For $54, both of us had a comfortable return journey to/from the airport.As for sightseeing, I would recommend the Top of the Rock as a very good alternative if you want to avoid the very busy empire state building. We arrived there at 11:30am and we among only 30-40 people there. Loved the elevator trip to the top, you'll know what I'm talking about when you get there!! The views of Central park are much better and of course you get a proper view of the ESB !Two thumbs up from me for the Red Roof.	
Jul 13 2006	Value for money confirmed	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in early June for vacation.We chose the Red Roof Inn mainly due to the positive reviews we got here.We confirmed all the positive items reported earlier: excelent midtown location, clean and nicely decorated, the room bigger than average (for NYC standards), continental breakfast included, staff OK. All with a below average price !If you reserve it, ask for a room in a higher level with a view to the 32nd street, facing the ESB.	
Jul 11 2006 	Great Value	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 8 nights in June I found it a great deal for the price.For a cheaper hotel in this part of New York I don't think you will find cleaner.After I checked in the first day I did not need to contact the front desk until I checked out. Not one Complaint. It was a $30.00 cab ride from LGA and that included the toll and a nice tip.Steve	
Jul 7 2006	Fine for Midtown.	This hotel is fine. Yes, it is in a smelly and busy area of Midtown – but that is most of this area and not just this block. It is busy and the buildings are packed – it would be hard to tell where the hotel is if you try to see the sign from just a 50 yards away. The location is pretty good – in a couple hours you could do the major sites of the ESB (only 1 block away), Grand Central Station, Chrysler Building, Rockefeller Center, and Times Square. There is a ton of Asian food - - and it does seem somewhat a “Korean town” street. There is quite a lot of Muslim food nearby too (e.g., 27th and 29th streets). As one reviewer mentioned, the area between the hotel and Times Square (on Broadway) does seem to transition a bit toward dark. However, the street itself (where hotel is) becomes very lively with young Asians meeting each on the street for food and fun – it gives sort of fun feel at night. As for the hotel itself, it is OK – small and generally clean. The staff are a hit-or-miss. Some are very good; others seem pretty indifferent about your existence. Overall, would I stay here again – I am unsure. Maybe for a night or two, but for longer stays this hotel does not seem to engender feelings of warmth and enjoyment. Mainly a place to rest your tired soul at night.	
Jul 6 2006	Excellent Value	My wife and I spent two nights at the hotel as tourists and have nothing but positives to say about it. The staff were all courteous and helpful, our room was ample, clean and quiet, the location is great, mid town one block from Broadway and a subway stop and the price couldn't be beat. I recomend it highly.Jack Sands, Toronto, Canada	
Jun 27 2006	excellent value	We just stayed at the Red Roof Manhattan for 4 nights in early June 2006 and were very satisfied with the hotel. The room was clean, big enough, and bathroom clean and also good size. We are a family of four, kids 13 &amp; 10. We paid $189/night and booked through the applecore hotels (they own 5 Manhattan hotels of various chains) website. The breakfast room was too small and had to wait for a table, but food offerings were similar to Holiday Inn Express. Frankly, we were thrilled to have free breakfast in NYC. The location of the hotel was excellent. Subway at corner, easy access to Central Park, museums. We walked to Times Square, Bryant Park. We walked early and late, never felt unsafe. The hotel offers parking in Central lot at end of block, and this worked out fine for us. I would stay here again. As mentioned, its just around the corner from Empire State Bldg, get tickets online for this (and anything else possible) in advance.	
Jun 26 2006	Great hotel - Amazing location	Stayed for 2 nights in May at the Red Roof Inn. Excellant value for money for a NYC hotel. Amazing location - only 2 blocks from Empire State Building and not much further to Macy's or Times Square! The hotel was clean, the rooms were a nice size, and service was good. They also let us leave our bags (kept in a room behind reception so very safe) on arrival and after checkout free of charge although we did tip on both occasions.	
Jun 26 2006	Good value great location	Once your come to grips with the price that you need to pay in Manhattan for a room with your own bathroom, the Red Roof Inn offers great value. We arrived via Amtrak at Penn station and easily walked with our luggage to the RRI. It is extra convenient to the Empire State, an interesting and easy walk to the Times Square/Broadway theatre district and (as with almost anywhere in NYC) convenient to plenty of subway stations.The rooms were not huge (no surprise) but neat and tidy. The breakfast was a winner, treat it as brunch and you are set for the day. On check-inn we were offered, unprompted, extra discount for AAA membership, an excellent start to the stay I felt.Everything considered if I was visiting again I wouldn't put myself through the drama of searching for what may be a better deal and simply book at this hotel once again. It is managed by the &quot;applecore&quot; group friends report similarly of their other 2 or 3 properties in NYC.The subway is very efficient but also somewhat confusing. I started out trying to understand it, but gave up and decided just to ask advice about wherever I wanted to go. Trackworks change routes on some occasions and it is impossible to work out what is going on, but staff always have good advice. A tip if travelling with children, ours are 9 and 12, everything that you read suggests that they need to pay full fare. It was not until the last of 3 days of extensive commuting that a police officer at a station barrier looked at us rather puzzled when the kids were scanning their tickets and told them to just climb under the turnstiles. It appears that anyone who is basically younger than a teenager simply doesn't really need to buy a ticket!!If you are looking for internet access close to the hotel (avoid the terminal in the lobby) head up the street towards Penn station just about 10 or 20 metres and look for a sign out on the sidewalk on the same side of the street as the hotel. It directs you down an alley and up an elevator (that barely had standing room as it was full of milk crates) , it all looks completely dodgy, but it brings you to a room full of high speed access computers, comfy chairs and the best prices that we found in 4 weeks of travelling all over the country. All part of the NY, NY experience.	
Jun 16 2006	Great for the price and location	A friend and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn from May 28 to June 2. We're in our early twenties and wanted a safe, clean, relatively inexpensive place to stay. The room is of average size. Two doubles. Nice big bathroom. It has a superb location. As others have said, it's in &quot;Little Korea&quot; so it's kinda stinky. Breath through your mouth. Face it, NYC is an array of pleasant and not so pleasant smells. It's a half block to the Empire State Building. (Must do) I must say, that as a hotel receptionist, the continental breakfast went above and beyond. There were a ton of foods and beverages to choose from. If you're too early or late for breakfast at the hotel, try the Brooklynn Bagel Co. on the corner of 5th and 32nd, they make great breakfast croissants. The hotel is in a safe area. We were two girls walking alone at night and never once felt uncomfortable. Housekeeping was great. (Been there, done that, wouldn't want to do it again!) We had a burnt out lightbulb that was changed immediately. As for things to do: We did it all, so... Go to the information center in Times Square, ask about Broadway theaters. We got a 50% off coupon for Beauty and the Beast. AWESOME SHOW! Kids and adults alike. Hairspray was by far our favorite. Great for the entire family. We were lucky enough to get our name in a drawing for tickets 3 hours before curtain. Two front row center seat tickets for $25! Central Park is gorgeous. If you have kids, go to the zoo. Small selection, but laid out nicely. IF you need to give your feet a rest, go on the 3 hour tour, (don't be afraid, you won't ge shipwrecked) on the Circleline Tour. Very relaxing and informative. Nice breeze on a hot day. It was 90 with like 500% humidity. Very relaxing. Tom is a great guide. Get up early and check out the Today Show in Rockefellar Plaza. We saw Taylor and Katherine from American Idol and met Matt, Al &amp; the gang. All really pleasant. If you want great pizza, go to &quot;Little Italy&quot;, the name, not the neighborhood. I think it's off of 46th and 6th. YUM! Carmine's is an excellent restaurant. 44th I think. Huge portions, family style but super yummy. GO to NYC it's amazing. It was by far the best trip I've been on and between the two of us, we've been a lot of places. But, it's true what they say, &quot;New York state of mind&quot; They're not all overly pleasant, but it's still worth it. Oh, speaking of pleasant, take the tour at Radio City Music Hall, Joyce is a great tour guide. Sweet as can be! Have fun!	
Jun 11 2006	Good Night Sleep Tight Don't Let the Bed Bugs Bite	After doing much research on Trip advisor, my sister and I decided to spend our Spring Break vacation at the Manhattan Red Roof Inn. The price was right and the location was described as being very good. Upon check in, I requested a room with an Empire State view and received it. In the initial inspection of the smallish room, I discovered these strange little bugs all over the faucet in the bath tub. I could not tell if they were roaches, spiders, fruit flies or what. They were very small, moving all over the place, and I was grossed out. To the hotel’s credit, they sent someone up to check out the situation immediately. I requested another room and was given one without hesitation. The next room was bigger, but we lost our Empire State view. After venturing around the city etc., we retired for the evening. I woke up around 4 a.m. and discovered a bedbug on a towel we had spread out on the bathroom floor. From information obtained through Trip advisor, an AAA article, TV, I was well aware that it was a bedbug. I decided at that point to check out and find another hotel. I didn’t want to risk staying there because my feeling was, if there was one bed bug, then there are many. I took pictures of the bug for future proof and I showed the bug to the people at the front desk. They told me the general manager would not be in until Monday. I wanted to get a refund for the inconvenience and the overall negative experiences. It was a rainy Saturday morning at 6:00 a.m., but off my sister and I went in search of another hotel. We stayed at the Carlton on Madison Ave. and had a marvelous stay there. I wrote a review for them too. (Carlton Treated Us Like Royalty) It was more expensive, not as good of a location, but we felt comfortable and welcomed from the start. I returned to the Red roof on Monday and talked to the manager. Despite his insistence that they take such matters very seriously, this was the first time he was hearing about my case. He took my name and information and informed me an investigation would have to be done, etc. Needless to say he called the next day. They owned up to the bugs in the first room, but not the bedbug in the second room. He assured me this was something the Red Roof organization took very seriously. Within a day, an inspector supposedly checked the room; a new mattress was purchased, etc. He offered free accommodations for the future, but I declined. I just wanted to get a refund, but he credited half of the one night stay back. I say beware. The location was good, the price was right, but the risk of carrying insects home is a huge concern. The whole ordeal was unsettling, time consuming, and very disappointing.	
Jun 7 2006	Great Place to Stay!	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan with my family from May 15th-18th. When we arrived at the hotel following a long flight, we were upgraded to a deluxe room which was much appreicated! We found the staff very welcoming and friendly and the hotel itself is set in a perfect location of Manhattan, couple of blocks walk from the Empire State, around the corner from 5th Avenue. Continental breakfast was served every morning in the 2nd floor restaurant which was plentiful. Couldn't believe how quiet the room was as in a previous hotel I stayed in NY, it was so noisy so this was such a relief!! We had a fantastic stay in NYC and would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 1 2006	Reasonable hotel in a smelly block	Great location, near everything you want, but this block in special has lots of korean restaurants, which smell not very good to me. Besides, they all (INCLUDING the hotel) leave their garbage bags on the sidewals, so it's impossible to walk to/from the hotel without feeling that terrible garbage smell - even if you, unlike me, loves korean food, you will not like the garbage smell. Room OK, bathroom needs a more effective cleaning, staff not very helpful (25 minutes to have our luggage picked up, ended carrying it ourselves). Not worth the USD180/day.	
May 23 2006	A winner!	Just returned from our first trip to NYC where we stayed at the Red Roof Inn for 12 nights. we moved to this hotel from another that was a great disappointment because of construction noise starting across the street at 6:30 and a less than great room generally. At the Red Roof Inn we had the things that mattered: quiet, reading lights, cable that worked and shower/tub with consistent water temp. The staff were friendly, offered continental breakfast, location is excellent and it was just a nice place to come back to from a tiring but enjoyable day. All this for $20 night more than what we would have had to put up with in the previous hotel.We would stay at the Red Roof Inn again and would recommend it to anyone travelling on a budget but looking for reliable, basic ammenities.	
May 20 2006	Basic but overall EXCELLENT Hotel! Please read this short novel:	OKay..... I am a Houstonian and just got back from my visit from this wonderful city with my 20 year old son. I will talk about my overall visit before I mention this particular hotel. I want to give you some insight to help you make your trip more enjoyable. We checked in on Tuesday, May 16th, after a taxi brought us from the airport. The taxi from LaGuardia was $ 34.50 and returing to the airport it was $ 26.50. I can't explain the price difference, but there is one $ 4.50 toll fare added to the actual meter amount. If you are staying at the Red Roof Inn, fly into LaGuardia as it is about $ 15.00 cheaper each way for taxis than JFK, which is a flat fee of $ 45 . My son and I went there to see three NY Yankee games (vs Rangers) and we wanted to see all of the big, non-museum tourist sights. If you are going to be here for for 4 days or more and want to see as much of the city as possible, I suggest a couple of things:1) Get some good walking shoes, as walking is the best way to see the city2) Get a $ 24 Unlimited Use Metro Card, which will give us unlimited rides on the subway and public city buses for 7 days. 3) Get a good NYC Guide Book. We used Frommers. I recommend starting a walking program so you will be ready for your NYC advanture. The subways are fun to ride, and safe. We probably walked 5-6 miles a day and rode the subways up and down the city, into Brooklyn and all over the place. Subways are a New York experience you have to try. There are always people to ask if you get confused, and most of the people were fairly nice.If you are a baseball fan, you MUST see a Yankees game. There are no other fans or stadium like Yankee Stadium, and it's a fairly easy ride via the 4 train via the subwaysubway. One word of caution: The Yankee Stadium security people will NOT allow your large bag into the stadium, but a place right behind the stadium will check your bag for $ 5.00 and put your stuff in a clear bag. You can retrieve your bag after the game. The place and whole street is something no baseball fan should miss.If you are gonna see the Empire State Building, get there at sunset and stay 30-40 minutes until it's night and all the city lights are on. It's gorgeous. Buy your tickets online in advance.We rode the 3-hour Circle Line Tour around the city. Our guide was kinda hokey, but it was fun and educational. The Statue Of Liberty is a beautiful thing to see in person, as is Ellis Island.One of the best things we did was walk from Brooklyn back towards Manhattan on the Brooklyn Bridge. It's spectacular. If you do this, you can take the subway to Brooklyn, have lunch at the famous Grimaldi's Pizzaria, and then walk the 30-45 walk back. I visited Nathans at Coney Island, and yes, the hot dogs justify all the hype. They are very, very good. The walk back over the Brooklyn Bridge takes you past City Hall and that is an easy walk to Wall Street and Ground Zero. Central Park is beautiful too, and we had lunch at Mickey Mantle's across the street and next door to the Ritz Carlton.You must visit Rockefeller Center and Times Square, and Grand Central Station. They are NYC experiences. I could go on and on, but I'll stop and talk now about the hotel. I do STRONGLY reccommend getting use to a lot of walking. Most of the time you can walk faster than the traffic. Time's Square at 10:30-11:00 pm when a lot of the shows end is a madhouse.... packed, but fun. It has a tremendous amount of energy. It's eletric!!!! If you need a need a good NYC pizza place in Time's Square, try John's on 44th Street. It's in a cool building that use to be a church, and it's directly across the street from where Phantom Of The Opera plays.OKay, the hotel. It's an ideal location and only a block or two from the Empire State Building. If you are in Times Square and want to make the walk back, just walk towards the Empire State Building and you'll find your hotel. It's that easy. The hotel is pretty centrally-located, so you can walk just about anywhere in midtown easily. We stayed in a room without a view of the ESB, and the clerk told us none of the 2-double bed rooms have an ESB view, only kings. Our room was # 708, and it was very quiet. The beds were comfy, and water pressure and everything was okay. The toilet flush is obscenely loud, but that's okay. I suggest bringing your own bar of Dial or whatever you use, as the soap provided is pretty lame. The towels are okay, and shampoo and lotion is provided. Unfortunately it's true that the drains in the tub don't work so quickly, and there was 3-4&quot; of standing water during your shower. It's MY water, so I didn't care. Please note that there is an air conditioner in the room, but the thermostat controls aren't operable (at least not in # 708. You can turn the fan off and on, but you can't control the temp from your room. I like it cold (73-74) and you have to INSIST when you call down to make sure they turn the temp way down. It will blow cold for a while, then cycle to warm air for a while so it won't freeze up (so they say). If you need an average temp room like a normal person, it's probably won't even be an issue and you'll sleep very well. The elevators aren't as slow as some reviewers are saying. The complimentary breakfast was good, and included bagels, doughnuts, OJ, coffee, fruit and Oatmeal. It's on the 2nd floor, so go down to the lobby for for your complimentary USA Today before you go eat.Overall, this is a very clean and basic hotel. It's on a street with Korean restaurants, but it's nice. We only wanted the hotel for a base and place to sleep at night. Our NYC vacation was very busy, and you can miss a lot if you sleep late. If money is no object and you need luxury, and need a beautiful hotel to lounge around in, don't stay here. For the $ 189 a night we paid, we more than got our money's worth by the cleanliness and super location. We were pleasantly surprised, and will probably stay here again on our next visit. Please e-mail me if you need some more info or suggestions. I absolutely fell in love with this city and can't wait to go back!. - Lefty_Coach@Hotmail.com (Steve)	
May 19 2006	Loved the apple and the inn !!!	First time visitors from Winnipeg, Canada to New York. We found the location excellent !!! It was close to the subway, the Empire State Building and a ten minute walk to Times Square. The service was excellent and the hotel was very clean. The continental breakfast was adequate but added to the value of the trip!!! Excellent Korean restaurant right next door, we recommend steamed shrimp dumplings for a late night snack. A native New Yorker friend was quite impressed by the size and quality of the room by New York standards. The room was large enough for a comfortable stay and the bed was like sleeping on a cloud!!! The staff was friendly and helpful, although the elevator is extremely slow. Overall, Highly recommed this hotel, would stay again, great value for your money in New York.	
May 17 2006	very convenient and comfortable	First visit to New York City and didnt know what to expect. Reviews from this web-site helped us to pick the Red Roof Inn Manhattan. Didnt have alot of money to spend so The Red Roof Inn was a good deal compared to others we looked at. The location was wonderful, close to all subways, empire state building and times square. Felt safe walking to and from the hotel at all times. Went to New York with a sister and brother and we shared a room with two double beds. The room was plenty big and comfortable. Quiet too!We were on the 11th floor and had no trouble with elevators. Not much of a view but who has time to sit in a hotel room in New York City and look out the window anyway! Only complaint would be they did not serve coffee in the small bar and we wanted a late night coffee topped off with amerretto. No minnie bottles either or we would have made our own as we did have a coffee maker in our room.One reccommendation. Go to Carmines restaurant, it was great. Family style italian. we ate there twice and save room for dessert or go there later and just have dessert they are to die for and serve more than one! Highly reccomend the Red Roof Inn. Have fun!	
May 9 2006	Excellent customer service! Great value for Manhattan!	We definitly recommend staying at the red roof inn. Our main reason for such a high review, is the kindness of the front office staff. We arrived after a very very very long non-stop journey across canada and down to NYC, arriving extermely early for check-in that day. The gentleman at the front desk offered to check us in HOURS earlier than usual. Being soooo sleep deprived we were sooo grateful for such a gesture from a hotel. Now we asked for a view of the Empire State Building - and boy did we get it! Do ask for this view - its an such an experience to be able to lesiurely take in such a NYC icon from your hotel room. The location of the hotel is excellent, pretty much in the middle of manhattan. We walked to everything. I do have to note the bed were huge - king size - and the pillows were above comfortable.Breakfast is included at the hotel, but if you want a table you better get in early - particularly during busy holiday times!When compared to other hotels in manhattan the red roof inn is a bargain! Great experience overall.	
May 9 2006	Good value and good location	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn at the end March, beginning of April for 5 nights. Room was clean and comfortable with view of Empire State Building. Although we were next to the lift it did not disturb us at all. Breakfast was fine with bagels, toast, fruit, cereal and although breakfast room did get busy we always found a table. Location of hotel is excellent one block from a subway and a couple of blocks to Macys. There are a couple of good Korean restaurants in the street, try the Mandoo Bar just down the street from the hotel. Would be happy to stay here again when I return to New York.	
May 9 2006	A good hotel in Manhattan	I have just come back from a 4 days stay in NY. I chose this hotel according to the good reviews of this website. Now i can say that they were correct. The room was very clean and big enough, quiet (just doors are a bit noisy), furnished with everything mentioned in the hotel web-site. Moreover the hotel is in a very good position just 1min walking to the Empire State Building and to Macy's (even if the street in which it is located is not very nice - there are lots of Korean restaurants and sometimes there was garbage left in front of them). The breakfast is pretty good and even if the breakfast room is not too big i always found a table free.Concerning the price it seems to be quite low with respect to other hotel of the same category and in a similar zone.	
May 6 2006	Great location nice hotel	Have just returned from our visit to New York and enjoyed our stay very much read all the reviews on Red Roof Inn and wasn't sure what to expect but thoroughly enjoyed our stay there Rooms good size and very clean requested a non somking quiet room which although by the lifts (no problem) was exactly what we got with added bonus of great view of the Empire State BuildingBreakfast buffet was also very good no problems finding an area to eatFound all the staff apart from the concierge on the last day extremely friendly and helpful,would definitely recommend this hotel	
May 5 2006	reasonably priced place to stay	The room was clean and bathroom was good, apart from the shower. Shower was not very powerful or too hot. Staff, as previous reviews had mentioned, were efficient, but no smiles at all. We asked for a fridge, but were told it would cost $30 a night. No real coffee offered, except a watered down filter coffee machine and a cappuccino machine. The breakfast room can be busy, though most times there was a table for us. Toast and doughnuts and bagels and fruit. Adequate breakfast, apart from the lack of good coffee. Had to buy proper coffee outside the hotel in the mornings. Coffeemaker in room though. It is noisy outside, as no one seems to sleep. We were on the sixth floor at the front of the hotel. However, after the first night you get used to it. Central for shops, Penn Station, Maceys, Empire State Building. Adequate for a short stay in New York. Maceys food hall is good for a reasonable meal.	
May 4 2006	Convenient Clean and Affordable.	This quaint little place has all the necessities to make your stay in NYC great. It's really clean and conveniently located to everything, including the subway which is at the corner of the street. Our king size bed was incredible comfortable and the view out our window was the Empire State Building. The staff was always very pleasant and helpful. We will definitely be staying at the Red Roof Inn once again. I highly recommend it.	
May 2 2006	good choice for the money	My teenage daughter and I stayed for 1 week when most other affordable hotels were solidly booked. This was not our first (or second, third, etc) choice, but some convention was in town so we had only a few options. Trip Advisor rating convinced us to book it, and it turned out fine. Room was spacious by NYC standards, lobby fine, breakfast fine, front desk very helpful. Easy walking to Broadway (15 minutes), 5th Avenue, etc. One block from Empire State Building. Two blocks to subway. Nothing objectionable about it, but nothing special either. Also, because it was situated out of the main flow, and on a side street in Little Korea, we were a bit uneasy when walking back from a show late at night, so took cabs often. Over all, good choice for budget. Next time, however, I'd like to spend a little more money and stay in a nicer place.TIP: Good late night restaurant/bar one block over, inside Empire State Building: Heartland Brewery.	
May 2 2006	Excellent choice to visit NY	We, family 2 adults and 2 teens, stayed there for 4 days/3 nights. Arriving there we got a free room upgarde (w/o request!) so we could have 2 rooms an same floor. Departing we got late check-out w/o any further question. Next to the friendly, helpful staff the best is the location of the hotel, less than 200m away from Empire State Building and almost on the 5th Ave. A great base to explore NY!The hotel is clean, the rooms are large. Rooms next to the ice machines may be noisy. The tiny breakfast room gets croudy after 0900am. Then it may get hard to get a table (eben a chair). Next time in NY I will not hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 26 2006	Better than most Budget	My sister and I stayed here 4/12 - 4/18. When we checked in, they upgraded us to a larger room, with fridge and microwave, wasn't that nice. Not only was the price right, but the reviewers are absolutely correct, this place is excellent. Not only is the location great, with the subway a block away, as well as the Empire State Building, the service was wonderful and the room was spotless. I'm very picky, especially when it comes to bathrooms, and I was not disappointed. In fact I was pleasantly surprised at how clean everything was, considering the price. I highly recommend this place and I would definitely stay here again. Don't forget you also get a free breakfast, which isn't fancy, but filling and did I mention it was free. You also get free wi-fi, which most hotels in Manhattan charge $10 a day for. There's a Starbuck's around the corner on 5th, as well as Cafe Muse, a few doors and across the street from the hotel, for those of us who live on a caffeine drip. Also if you are looking for a more substantial breakfast you can try Martinique Cafe on 1260 Broadway. It's just around the corner from 32nd St.Have no fear, the reviews are true, this place is a fantastic find.	
Apr 23 2006	Want affordable 	I enjoyed my Saturday night stay at the Red Roof and would definitely come back.Pros: reasonable rates, good location, very clean &amp; relatively spacious room, complimentary breakfast, internet in lobbyCons: MIA bellman (waited at least 15 minutes for him to come back to his station so I could check in my baggage) the room key didn't work, elevators can be a little slow. Nonetheless, these were minor inconveniences that could probably happen anywhere at one time or another.All in all, a great pick thanks to tripadvisor!	
Apr 13 2006	Great Value Hotel!	Myself &amp; my boyfriend stayed in the Red Roof in Jan (for the 2nd yr)for 5 nights &amp; had a great time, the staff even upgraded us complimentary to a suite! We found the staff very helpful &amp; the hotel had the most reasonable rates out of any of the other central hotels. I will definately book again for nxt Jan!	
Apr 12 2006	Wonderful value	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn for three nights this past weekend. I selected this hotel for its relatively low price rooms and because I read so many positive things about it on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed: it's a very nice place to stay that doesn't break your budget. My room was on the ninth floor and had a view of a brick wall about 20' away, but it was nicely decorated, extremely clean, and very quiet. The A/C didn't work the day I arrived, but I asked the desk clerk to take care of the problem and it was fixed when I returned to the hotel later that day. I've paid twice as much for a room in NYC and this one compared very well to the higher priced rooms. The elevators are just fine; they get you there when they get you there. Everything in life isn't INSTANT, and doesn't have to be especially when you're on vacation! I highly recommend this place!	
Apr 12 2006	Central Situation 	Very centrally situated for midtown locations and great value for money. Room was quiet, clean, comfortable and well furnished. Go for rooms 03 &amp; 04 on the highest floor possible (there are 17) to get a close up view of the Empire State Building. Rooms 01 &amp; 02 also have the view but are next to the elevators and could be a bit noisy with solid floor in that area (no carpet).The breakfast is fairly basic and gets a bit crowded but where else in New York can you get a free bagel &amp; coffee.There's also an all-you-can-eat Korean &amp; Sushi restaurant just across the road with lunch (11 to 5) for $9.95.	
Apr 8 2006	Loved It and the Location	We stayed at the Red ROoof from March 23 for 9 nights. We found the staff, very helpful. The hotel was well situated, close to everything and the subway was very handy as well as was the proximity to Penn Station, Madison Square Gardens, Macy's and The Empire State Building. We would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 8 2006	Great location	My partner and I stayed in the Red Roof for 5 nights from the 28 March 2006. I was slightly anxious as I had previously stayed in the Double Tree Suites on our last visit and we both loved it. However, costs dictated we were more sensible with our lodgings, as as we planned not to be in there too long, we booked and hoped for the best. First impressions were good. The lobby was clean and bright, the reception staff were fine, not overly chatty, but gave us a room! The room (707) we thought was super. No great view of the Empire State Building for us, but it was a decent size compared to other hotels I have stayed in in NYC, was very clean and had all the comforts we needed for a 5 night stay.We felt housekeeping was excellent. Daily visits kept our bed nice and neat and our towels fresh and clean :-) The complimentary breakfast, which we thought would be something we might not access, was visited by us daily! Again this was so much better than we ever thought: fruit juice, coffee, fruit, toast, bagels etc...A smallish breakfst room, but we always got a table and it was open from 7.00am - 10.00 which was great.Location was super. Right next to some great shops and within 2 mins of a subway that can take you wherever you fancy. Felt very safe at night too.All in all when I go back to NYC I would not hesitate in staying at the RR again. Great price (about $850)and great location - what more do you need?	
Apr 6 2006 	Great Value Convenient Location	Besides the group of an excited teenage orchestra, obviously in Manhattan for the first time, the stay was pleasant.The property is spotless and the staff is eager to assist.The rooms are on the small size, but what do you expect in NYC? The eleveators are also tiny and slow.For the price, it's a great value for a midtown Manhattan hotel, surrounded by great Asian restaurants and within walking distance to Herald Square shopping and the Empire State Building.Highly recommended.	
Apr 4 2006	Great Place!	What a pleasant surprise! The Red Roof Inn in Manhattan was clean and nicely appointed. The staff was very helpful and courteous. I have stayed at $400 a night hotels in Manhattan and quite honestly, this was just as nice. The location was good and it is in a safe area. The subway is only a block away. We were right around the corner from the Empire State Blg. and Macy's. I would definately stay there again. Kudos to the Red Roof Inn!!	
Mar 26 2006	Great central location	We arrived at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan just after Thanksgiving 2005 and we were really delighted when we arrived. The hotel was great and the rooms were spacious and really clean. The brilliant thing about this hotel is its location. It is a 5 minute walk up the street to Macy's and the Theatre District/Times Square/Madison Square Garden etc are only a block or so away. We would definitely return to Red Roof Inn and I have been recommending this hotel to my friends since getting home ! Don't forget tax is added to the cost of a room per night. Our was $180 per night but with tax it was approx $200 per night but still this would be cheap for such a good hotel in NYC. Enjoy !	
Mar 19 2006	Great Stay	Hotel was very clean and comfortable.. Great location, very affordable and nice breakfast. Will stay here again.	
Mar 4 2006	The best value	This is my second time staying at the Red Roof Inn and I would not hesitate to return again if I make it back. I saw a friend's hotel in Chelsea for slightly cheaper price and it was not a patch on this place.We were on the 15th floor which has great, direct views of the Empire State building 2 blocks away.The hotel is centrally located in the Little Korea area - a lively street, and a walkable distance to Times Square, subways, many food shops etc etc...The only downsides of this place are the queues for breakfast which seem even worse than the last time I was here, and the deathly slow elevators - which of course become more of an issue on the second top floor... but the views from there make it worth it - we could also see the tip of the Crysler Building...	
Feb 25 2006	Great value	I booked a five day stay at the Red Roof Inn for my first trip to New York on the strength of the reviews on Tripadvisor. I was not disappointed - in fact the hotel exceeded my expectations. An excellent location - a block away from the Empire State Building and a short walk to Macy's and Broadway. The room was a good size with large bed, tv and clean bathroom (there is daily maid service with fresh towels). Reception staff were courteous and efficient if not exactly effusive and the staff on the information desk were helpful and clear. The continental breakfast was perfectly adequate (fresh juice, fruit, coffee and bagels etc). When I mentioned to reception staff that one of the bedside lights was not working the problem was fixed the same day. Overall the hotel is clean, comfortable and offers excellent value. I would not hesitate to recommend it or to stay there again myself.	
Feb 18 2006	Great value and location short walk to Time Square	Stayed Friday nite February 10th, was going to stay 2 nights but cut trip short because of &quot;the Storm&quot;. Nice and clean... we had 2 rooms, one faced the street. That one had alot of street noise, sirens etc..to be expected. Walked to see Broadway show, Mama Mia, awesome. Bought discounted tickets at the ticket booth in the midle of Time Square. Apparently most or all of the venues dump unsold tickets for that days show and they are offered at this one location cash only. Our seats were mezinine, nice seats though, 35% off (about $70 per after discount). Most other show tickets were discounted 50%.	
Jan 23 2006	Excellent Value/Perfect Location	My husband and I spent the weekend in NYC celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Our experience at the Red Roof Inn was excellent. We found the staff to be friendly and informative. The parking garage we used was less than a block away and we received a discount as hotel guests. (reg.rate-$38.00 per 24hrs./disc. rate-$24) The Empire State Bldg., Times Square, and Penn Station were all within walking distance as well as a great comedy show at Jack Dempsey's (Sat. Nights) on 33rd St.We walked to Penn Station and took the subway (E train)(cost-$4 round trip per person) to the World Trade Center site(less than a half hour ride). We couldn't have asked for a better price on our hotel room or a better location!	
Jan 18 2006	Great location but was overcharged	We had the toughest time finding the hotel with the directions we got from Mapquest. Had to circle around 4 times before we finally found it. There is only a small opening at the front of the hotel to park a car to get luggage out and when we got there, an airport shuttle was there waiting for someone to come down so had to double park with much honking from taxis going by. Front desk help is not very friendly and we got a room right next to the elevator. Room was not very clean and the maids did not vacuum when we got back to the room the next day. We had a terrific view of the Empire State building. Loved the location. Really is central to many things. Hotel could use some refurbishing and soundproofing. Heard every door closing in the hallway and people talking while waiting for the elevator. My biggest gripe has to do with being overcharged for the first night. Was charged almost twice what I was quoted over the phone. Front desk clerk basically said Saturday nights are more expensive than Sundays and to take it up with the reservation office. Otherwise it was an okay stay. The best thing going for this hotel is the location but will probably stay elsewhere next time.	
Jan 18 2006	Great! Great! Great!	We just got home from a five night stat at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan. Unbelievable deal! We had a room with two beds - 6th floor, room 609. I lived in nyc and am very aware of how expensive hotels can be. Most bargain hotels have shared bathrooms. We paid $94/night plus taxes (with AAA discount) - for a clean room with a private bathroom, daily maid service, and a top location near Penn Station! What more can you ask for? The truth is, that you get much less for your money when you stay in nyc - This hotel gives you much more than other hotels in the area. We will be staying at applecore hotels when we return to nyc. There is also a La Quinta across the street which is also owned by applecore and a Ramada Inn on the eastside. We did change our reservation at the last minute to get a better deal - keep checking the website for rates. Great trip!	
Jan 17 2006 	Unbelevable value!	For $90, I got to stay in a clean room a couple of long blocks from Penn Station in New York City! Of course it was small, but the bathroom was bigger than most in midtown hotels at double the price. Add to this a decent free continental breakfast, an exercise room that was included and open 24/7, and internet and email service for $9.99 a day. There was nothing wrong with this place -- even the staff were nice!	
Jan 10 2006	The best deal in town	Don't doubt it, Red Roof Inn is one of the best deals in Manhattan: while making my reservation through Red Roof website, in the space for comments I just wrote that &quot;I wanted a nice room on a high floor with low noise and view to the Empire State Building&quot;....believe or not, it its just exactly what my wife and I received (see attached photo from our room window.....NOT KIDDING!!!).Rooms are inmaculate clean, we saw the maiden brushing the bathroom walls a couple of times, no bugs, no dust, everything perfect.Complimentary continental breakfast is well served, off course you would like an american buffet with eggs your style, but for the money you pay you receive more than expected: hot and cold beverages, bagels with butter, jelly and cream cheese(off course, you are in NYC), donuts and some fruits....good starter for a long walking in Manhattan.Location is unbeatable, just over Little Korea (32nd. St) you have some restaurants and 24 hour convenience stores.....half a block away (also over 32nd. St) you will find Minado which is a very nice &quot;all you can eat&quot; japanese restaurant; 5th. Ave is only steps away with more options for budget travelers (Walgreens saved our lives a couple times, late at night, with cheap water, sodas and snacks). Subway stations are one block away.People at the front desk was somehow cold but at the same time kind, giving us an early check-in after a long flight....front desk tourist service office was also very helpful to coordinate our transfer back to JFK airport, giving us some advices about activities and also sold us a couple of umbrellas that saved us during a wet winter (cheaper than elsewhere).For a 1 week trip to NYC you can add a 7 Day Unlimited Rides Metro Card ($24 at any subway station) and a City Pass to visit Empire State, Museum of Modern Art, Guggenheim Museum, Circle Line Cruise to Statue of Liberty, American Museum of Natural History and Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum ($53 at any of above mentioned attractions) and besides HUGE savings, probably you won't need anything else for unforgetable vacations!! Summarizing, I will recommend Red Roof Inn for every BUDGET traveler to NYC: unbeatable price, nice and clean rooms, great location and helpful staff.	
Jan 5 2006	Very very good!	I only stayed here for one night, but I found the room very nice and confortable... And the location is perfect... I had only one sunday to visit NY for the first time... And at this hotel I was in the middle of the best sightseeing spots... It was worth the price!	
Jan 4 2006	Great for the price	Stayed at Red Roof Inn Manhatten for one night in December. We had reservations at the Marriott Marquis for the rest of the stay. We decided to go in a day earlier (which was a Saturday) and most rooms were either booked or over $600 a night. Found a review of Red Roof Inn in Frommers guide and decided to try it. It was clean, and I would compare it to a Hampton Inn hotel...room not quite as big. But there were no problems. It was in a Korean section of NYC and we actually walked there from Penn station. They had a free continental breakfast (donuts, bagels, toast, yogurt, coffee, juice, etc) and we found no problems with it. There was plenty of traffic, so we felt safe coming and going, and from our window...when you looked up you could see empire state building. The bed was comfortable enough. We came back in around 11pm and there was still plenty of activity going on so we felt safe coming and going with kids. It was conveniently located, and not too far from main things, and not an expensive cab ride from most areas. This isn't a 4 star hotel, but it more than served its purpose, and at a 1/4th of what other hotels were charging for that night. My main concern was safety, cleanliness, and ease of access since we were traveling with 4 kids, and it served its purpose. I prefer the Marriott in times square, but would not mind staying here again if necessary. If you are trying to do NY on a budget, it is a definate deal.	
Dec 31 2005	Red Roof is ideal for NYC on a budget	We didn't have high hopes for the Red Roof, due to its 2 star rating and us being snobby &quot;only 4 star hotels will do&quot;, but our concerns were unfounded.Our room rate was higher than usual, but that was due to the fact we were staying over the weekend of the New York Marathon. On arrival, we were allocated a room on the 17th floor. We couldn't believe our luck when we looked out of our hotel window - we were so close to the Empire State Building that we couldn't see the top! We also had a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building to the right.Unfortunately however, the pipes in the bathroom were making some very loud and strange noises. We were worried that, as the hotel appeared to be very busy, there might not be the availability to move rooms, however we were moved a few doors along and again, the room was of a decent size, with a good view of the Empire State. We had a good 1st night's sleep, but it was broken on several occasions by more clanking pipes in the bathroom (they were, in fact, even more noisy than in the previous room). We complained again in the morning and were moved room once more - this time to the 11th floor. Our 3rd room was again comfortable and didn't differ much at all from the previous 2 rooms, other than the pipes in this bathroom didn't make a sound (other than the ones you'd expect anyway). We didn't have the fantastic views but, hey, all we really wanted was a base and somewhere we could get an uninterrupted night's sleep.We didn't take advantage of the breakfast which was included in our room rate, instead we took advantage of the fantastic delis and coffee bars that NYC has to offer. The only real problem with this hotel (apart from the odd room with loud clanky toilet pipes) is that the 2 lifts are SOOOOOOOO slow.... and we mean painfully slow. Ok, so we're not saying you'd be quicker walking up 17 flights of stairs, but not far off it!All in all though, the Red Roof in Manhattan is fantastic value for money and a great base for exploring Manhattan.	
Dec 2 2005	What a View!	First of all was given a room near a vending machine, asked to move which they did.The new room was clean and nicely presented and had an amazing view directly up at the Empire State Building.The staff were friendly and didn't have any problems.Would stay again.	
Nov 29 2005	Great place to stay!	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn in Manhatten for seven nights from October 15 through October 22, 2005. It was great! The rooms are very small, but to sleep and take a shower, who needs a big room? We didn't stay in the room long enough to complain about it. And the price couldn't be beat in NYC. The rooms were clean and neat. We had a non-smoking room and it didn't smell like the people before us had been smoking, like in some hotels. The door man was extremely helpful in recommending near-by restaurants and even tracked down our taxi driver when we realized that we had left a bag in the trunk of the cab. Two things: the continental breakfast could have had a bigger variety, such as cold cereal, or grits (we're from New Orleans), and the elevators are EXTREMELY small and EXTREMELY slow. We were on the 13th floor and it took forever to get up and down. But overall, our stay the the RRI was great and we would recommend it to anyone who is traveling to NYC and wants a hotel room under $200.00.	
Nov 26 2005	best deal in town	Was the cheapest &quot;normal&quot; hotel i could find. The location was great, room was clean, lobby was nice, and theres a consierge. Only complaint was drain in bathtub was pretty bad, and there was about 4 inches of standing water while showering.	
Nov 24 2005	Nice hotel	Just returned from a 12 night stay at the Red Roof Inn and really enjoyed it. The room was very clean and large enough for us, the bathroom was clean and we got fresh towels every day. We were on the 14th floor and it was extremely quiet, we were next to the ice machine and it didn't bother us at all. All the staff we had dealings with, maid, reception, doorman etc. were all friendly and helpful, they let us check in early and held our bags until it was time to go to the airport. We had no problems at all with the lifts, a couple of minutes wait at the most. Breakfast was more than adequate, fruit, bagels, toast, donuts, fruit juice, oatmeal, coffee, which kept us going until lunchtime. The breakfast room is small and can get busy around 8.30 am, we went at a variety of times from 7am until 9.45 am and always managed to get a table. The hotel is well located, close to the subways, ESB, Macys and we felt perfectly safe in the area. Yes the local restaurants do put their garbage out at night for collection, as other reviewers have complained about, but how else are they supposed to get rid of it? We would have no hesitation in staying at the Red Roof again and I would recommend it to friends and family.	
Nov 14 2005	Clean great location	I was pretty happy &amp; satisfied with this hotel. It's clean, roomy (King size bed), relatively quiet (can hear people outside my door but not often), close to subway (N,R,W at end of the block) &amp; most importantly, I felt safe even though I was traveling alone. There's a little bakery/coffee shop nearby open until 2am.$209+tax per night for Nov 8, 9 &amp; 10$239+tax for Nov 11 (Friday)	
Nov 14 2005	Above Average Budget Hotel	My husband and I went to NYC for a long weekend. We were pleasantly surprised by the value of our room. $209/night king bed and includes continental breakfast. The room and hotel was well-maintained. We stayed in Room 801, which was right next to the elevator, and voices do carry through the door (though outside noises were well-muffled). Towels were not luxury nor was bed linens, but all were clean and very comfortable. Bed was very comfortable and not lumpy or sagging. Would definitely stay here again. Limited down-sides: Breakfast limited to toast, bagels, and fruit; hotel located on 32nd. between Broadway and 5th Ave which is center of Koreatown area, but Koreatown only takes up 2-3 blocks of city; low quality towels and bedding. One block from Empire State Building ($14 per adult), 10 blocks from Times Square (10-25 minute walk), 20 blocks from Rockefeller Center. 1 Block from a subway entrance so all was extremely accessible. Leave extra time if travelling to/from Central Park on weekend, as not all lines run regularly. Nearby recommended restaurant:Ramsey's Irish Pub - Restaurant/Bar where food was excellent and prices were reasonable. On 33rd St. also between Broadway and 5th Ave.Highly recommend the Blue Line Bus Tour at $39/person if lots of walking is not your style. I hurt my ankle and walking was limited. Tour gave great overview of city neighborhoods and main attractions with on/off priviledges to view locations at your own pace. We flew into JFK airport - taxi was $45(fixed) + tip. Ask consierge to hire a car for return trip at $50(fixed) + tip, otherwise taxi is on the meter to the airport.	
Nov 11 2005	Red Roof Inn Success	I booked my room based on the reviews here. I was not let down. The roof was a good fit for three women here to sightsee. We did not spend much time in our room, but what time we did, we were comfortable. They held our bags in storage so we could finish our last day in the city seeing the Empire state Building etc....We had alot of baggage and needed to get to Penn Station which is not real far away and the bellmen would not hail us a cab, said that they would be mad at us for wasting their time. We hailed our own cab and the cabbie was glad for the money and did not refuse us a ride. He knew he could find a person needing a ride there at Penn Station. Overall..a clean comfortable place that I would stay at again.	
Nov 10 2005 	to noisy to sleep	The hallways outside your door all all tiled. I haad one of two rooms right next to the elevator so anytime people came to the elevator and waited they would of course talk and laugh, I can't complain about that, but because there is no carpet the sounds just seem to get louder. i woke up many times from people just talking outside the door. Then there is the incrediably loud ice machine. it was so loud I thought it was right outside my door but I looked and it is on the other side of the floor. I can't imagine how loud it was for the folks with rooms over there.had a shower that drained poorly also. Room was clean but I expect to be able to get a good nights rest and I didn't any of 4 nights I stayed.	
Nov 3 2005	i cant say a bad word	If your in NY and on a budget (who isn't!) give the Red Roof inn a try. Central location and very clean with a great view of the empire state if you ask (nicely) We stayed for 5 nights on our honeymoon last month. Forget the worry about the lifts (it's only a couple of min's) the maids where great and so where the desk staff. My first time in NY and i felt so safe and the local area is great. So go stay and you may have to eat your breakfast of a plastic plate but who cares cos your in NY !!!!!!	
Oct 28 2005	Just perfect!	Left without a choise really -there were hardly any rooms in all Manhattan at the time of our booking, we booked this hotel. We got the penthouse (17th floor) and had a nice room with a great Manhattanview. Everything worked smoothly during our whole stay (4 nights). Elevators were fast enough, breakfast room never to crowded and the room was clean and quiet. There was some noice from the bathroom (plumbing?), and when pointing that out we were imidiately offered to switch our room. We choose to stay though. The only thing bothering us, is the fact that the hotel uses plastic wear in the breakfast room. So much garbage!! Not very envoiremental...	
Oct 22 2005	Good Value Hotel Excellent Location	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights during September in Room 710. As other reviewers have mentioned rooms ending in 10 are small. However, even with a King Size bed it was perfectly adequate.We had no problems with the elevator, does speed matter anyway? The hotel staff were friendly enough. The mezzanine bar was handy for a late night drink before bed. The Red Roof Inn is only a couple of blocks from Penn Station for the Air Train to Newark Airport. We walked from the station to the hotel with our suitcase and hand luggage with no problems!Overall the hotel is in a great location and is good value if you don't want to spend a fortune on accommodation. I would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 20 2005	We Hit the Roof-- And Will Hit It Again!!	When I booked the Red Roof, I accepted it would be a budget hotel, hoped for the best and expected the worst. What we got was a budget hotel, but a scrupulously clean one in a great location. We got a small room, but there was never a single problem with cleanliness or noise. The slow drains in the tubs seem to be a perennial problem with NYC hotels, so we ignored it. The staff were very friendly to us-- especially the wonderful bartenders in the mezzanine bar, Alex and Courtney. Bustling Little Korea street, with lots of restaurants (and yes, quite a bit of trash put out for pickup in the evening), but safe and central to all of Manhattan. We saved a lot of money, and didn't feel like we sacrificed anything other than a little extra pampering-- and so what? We pampered ourselves with the best of New York and came back to a reasonably-priced, spotless and sparkling crashpad. Perfect for us!! We'll be back at the Red Roof next time we hit Manhattan!	
Oct 17 2005	Hated the Red Roof Inn	Spent 3 nights at the Red Roof Inn, September 30-October 2. Rooms and bathrooms need a thorough cleaning. The springs on the beds can be counted by hand - or backside. The elevators are really bad and the problem is that you cannot walk down to the lobby, the stairs lead you down to the service/storage area. The tub would not drain in our bathroom. I reported it to the morning desk clerk, who was very annoyed at me for bringing it up. The morning clerk seemed very annoyed at everyone and everything - 3 days in a row. He said he would have it checked and fixed, and did not. Second day I reported it again, this time it was fixed so 2 out of 3 showers were spent standing in 8 inches of dirty water. Lots of very loud neighbors on our floor and the building directly behind ours is in the middle of construction, so it is quite noisy very early in the morning on weekdays. The breakfast room is configured poorly and there are only a handful of tables and chairs for all the guests to use. Think you would be better off taking it to your room? There is a big sign telling you not to do that, but worse still is the thought of trying to juggle everything up the stairs, you can take the stairs to the room, or wait for the elevator which will be by in an hour. I didn't discover until I was at my next location, but the maid took the towel I had packed in my suitcase - the next place I stayed I needed it. They must have mistaken it for a hotel towel, but it was beige and of much nicer quality. I had also filled out a survey online when I made my reservation which gave me a $10 coupon for my stay. When I checked out I gave it to them and they told me I had to present it upon arrival and would not honor it. This was the nicer desk clerk saying this. The hotel is in a very convenient location, but strikes out on just about everything else. Certainly not worth $200 per night.	
Oct 15 2005	Unhappy and Uncaring Staff	The only saving grace of this hotel is its position! We had travelled the world and found the staff here the worst we had encountered. Not one &quot;thank you&quot; or smile the whole time. The rooms were OK, however when one is paying a high price the least we can expect is civility!! Never again!!!	
Oct 15 2005	Good but a bit surprised by the rating...	We were four people who stayed in this hotel for four nights between Oct 6 and Oct 10. The hotel was nice and I'm glad we got one of the largest rooms cause with that, we managed fine being four persons. It was clean but didn't smell very good. They said we got a non smoking room (605) but it smelled badly of smoke when we got there. We kept the air con on all day and that made it a bit better. And it was not very quiet. A fan of some sort were on all night right outside our room. You were so glad when it stopped but that only lasted for like two minutes, then it was at it again.I can agree with some people complaining about the elevators, they were slow. We stayed at the 6th floor so it was still ok.The hotel is ok. It is very nicely located (even though the street outside has A LOT of garbage bags from the restaurants thrown by the sidewalks) and the rooms are also ok - for New York. The staff was not overly friendly or service minded but on the other hand not rude either.What I am surprised by is the rating this hotel got on this site (#69). In march we stayed at Holiday Inn Manhattan - Downtown / Soho wich was a better hotel and that has a rating of #123. But I guess that relates to the location.Over all - ok hotel. I have stayed in much worse places in New York over the years. The only problem with this trip was the 4 inches of rain that came down on the Saturday ;-)	
Oct 14 2005	Good for Aussies	I stayed at this Hotel on my yearly visit to NY. It was easily one of the best properties I have stayed at. The location is handy to subways and main line stations. I did not like the front narrow street usually full of foul food waste from the Asian restaurants. The rooms and facility were well cared for, room servicing clean and discreet. Front of house were typically American business like and helpful even at 2am. I have never bothered to comment on some of the dreadful places nearby, particularly the big one near the station.Really a good hotel worth a few more dollars.	
Oct 11 2005	Brilliant hotel	Four of us stayed in this hotel for seven nights. We had two King size rooms. I thought this hotel was a brilliant find. It's location is ideal, near the Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens and Macy's. We didn't find the elevators one bit slow (as i have seen in previous reviews) and the breakfast was lovely, bagels, toast, doughnuts, tea, coffee etc. I found the hotel to be very clean and tidy and fresh towels were supplied each day. The cleaning staff were excellent and we didn't find it one bit noisy. This hotel is very reasonable for NYC and i wouldn't hesitate in booking it again on my next stay.	
Oct 9 2005	Better than we expected	Stayed for 3 nights. Room with two doubles was a good size and very cleanIn fact everything in the hotel was very clean. The bagels and fruit at break-fast were pretty good but as others mentioned go down early because room fills up after 8am.Front desk staff not very friendly but were efficient. Very accomodating in keeping our luggage for us until the evening.Many excellent restaurants on the block. Block not very clean but very safe. Always filled with people.Used buses primarily because they were convenient and we sort of used them as a sightseeing tour.The three hour circle lin e tour was excellent.Will definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Oct 5 2005	Ripped Off By Red Roof Inn Manhatten	My husband and I booked a room online through AppleCore for a 4 night stay at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan. We were quoted a rate of $189.99 per night. Unfortunately, we had to return to California 2 days earlier than we had planned. When we checked into the hotel we told the receptionist that we would only be staying for two days instead of four. The manager informed us that because we were changing our reservation we would have to pay $289.99 plus taxes for the night instead of the $189.99 that had been contracted. There was no mention of this policy on the AppleCore web site or in the e-mail confirming our reservation, nor can I find this &quot;policy&quot; anywhere on the website. We were ripped off, especially when you consider that although we had requested a non-smoking room we were given a dark room on the third floor that reeked of cigarette smoke and faced a dingy courtyard of ventilating equipment. Travelers beware!	
Oct 3 2005	Great room great location!	We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights each Sept. 23-27th, 2005. We arrived around 8pm, and checked in with no problems. We were given very nice rooms on the 17th (top) floor - there are only 4 rooms on this floor, so very little traffic and noisy neighbors to condend with! The rooms were extremely clean (no signs of roaches or rodents) and just large enough for 2 people in each room with luggage. Each room had a single king bed. The rooms were not large, but they were fine for our needs (sleeping and getting ready to see the city.) Our only problems with the hotel probably have to do with the age of the building. There were a few noise issues. The air conditioners in both rooms used by our group rattled and coughed their way through cooling. Changing the temperature guage on the units did not change the noise, just the frequency of the noise. Every time the a/c would kick on, it would thump loudly and the wall unit would vibrate noisily. We were tired enough each night from all our sight-seeing, it rarely woke us up. It was more of an annoyance. The second noise factor was the pipes banging. On a regualr basis we would hear loud bangs from the bathroom. In my room, we simply kept the bathroom door closed to cut off the sound, in our friends' room, they got more creative: they turned off the water supply to the toilet, and that stopped the problem - you just have to remember to turn the knob and get the water flowing to it again before flushing! As others have said, the elevators are slow, but it wasn't a problem. As I said, we were on the top floor, and we never had to wait long for an elevator.  The only advice I can give is this: If you can, try to avoid a room by the elevators. My friends' room was next to the elevator, and the doors close loudly and woke them up often during the night. Other than these few problems, the hotel was fantastic. It is near a subway stop, and walkable to many places (the view out our window was the Empire State Building - just a block away!) As a group, we always felt safe walking about at night, though I don't know if I would feel comfortable walking alone in the middle of the night.) I will stay here again!	
Sep 23 2005	Staff let down hotel	I booked 2 double rooms for 2 couples via the Red Roof website for the Labour Day weekend Fri, Sat and Sunday. On the advice of other Tripadvisor users I requested higher rooms, which we were allocated.The rooms were fine - a good size for such a great location in NYC; comfortable, well-appointed and, this is where the higher floors come in, with a reasonable degree of light.Unfortunately the staff here let down an otherwise pleasant experience. On arrival I presented my booking confirmation only to be told that the rate ($159 per room) could not be honoured beyond the Friday night and it would rise to $219 on the Saturday. I challenged this and was told by the duty manager that I had made a booking error on line by suggesting that there would be 4 people per room, which I knew was not true. I pointed out that my confirmation clearly stated 2 rooms, booked for a total of 4 people, for 3 nights but he continued to argue. I stood my ground and he grudgingly accepted my booking but grumbled the booking had not been made through the hotel directly - I thought central Red Roof reservations would be good enough!We did not require any further services from the front desk staff until the evening before we checked out. We needed to leave for JFK at 5.00am on Labour Day, so went to settle our bills on the Sunday night at around 11pm - we were first told we would have to wait until the following morning but, when we pressed, the clerk was able to complete the billing without a problem; we got the impression he could not be bothered, despite the desk being deserted at that time.The conclusion is, by all means use this hotel if you want good value, pleasant rooms in a central location in NYC, but make sure that your rate will be honoured and that you will not require any front desk services other than check in and out.	
Sep 22 2005	Great hotel in convenient location!	Stayed two nights in September and loved it. This was my second time at this hotel, and won't be my last. Great location! Nice clean room and bathroom. Bathroom was decent size and cleaner than most. Felt comfortable and safe in this hotel. Front desk clerk and bellman were very polite.	
Sep 20 2005	Very good hotel for a good and secure stay in NYC!!!!	Hello, my girlfriend and i stayed at this hotel last week for a 5 nights stay! It was my third visit to this amazing city (always stayed at 'the Belvedere') so i allready knew were and were not to search! After 3days off searching on the net, i found the Red Roof and we loved it! It is part off the Apple Core hotels chaine so nasty surprises are really not part off the hotel! It is located between Madison Square Garden and the empire state on 32nd, and Times Square is a '15' min walk (except if you are travelling with a women, the stores along side the streets are a women's dream ;-) We always felt safe around the hotel, in fact whole Manhattan is safe so really not to worry about! The rooms are big for NY standard's so is the tv with all the biggest channels available (internet and games are availble 2)! Our room was cleanded every day and fresh towels hanged daily also! The king size bed has a great matras 2! It is true 32nd street can be smelly sometimes, but is due to the Korean restaurants located on it, but you get used to it! The complimentary breakfast is good but not huge (donuts, bagels and 2 sort's off juice + coffy), around 8.30 am the breakfast room can be pretty full so early birds have more chances to actually sit at a table! The staff is friendlly, we were given 4hours more time to check out, and the lobby service is fast! The 2 elevator's instead are not slow but wait time can be long around peak hours! Ask for a 32nd street vieuw (amazing vieuw off the empire state building) and above 10th floor, street noise can be loud sometimes! It is a great value for what you pay for in New York, believe me, if you not 'The Waldorf Astoria' kind off person, the Red Roof Inn is really a plesant hotel to stay, bussines or travel!! We would certainly go there again!!	
Sep 18 2005 	Good location OK amenities	We stayed here over a weekend in September 2005. The location is good, very close to the Empire State Building and other sites. The rooms were clean, cleaner than some other places I've stayed in New York City, and the price is good for the city. The air conditioning worked well. However, it is not a luxury hotel. There is a complimentary breakfast, but it is mobbed during the two or so hours in the morning that it is served, and not great -- weak coffee, watered-down OJ, dollar-store teabags, oatmeal, a few donuts and bagels. One concern is that we wanted to store a laptop computer in the hotel safe during the days, but the staff told us that the safe was too small to hold a computer. Next time we'll probably try another place.	
Sep 12 2005	Very convenient.	We stayed for 8 nights. Hotel is clean, comfortable, and well placed for Penn Station, lots of Subway lines, MACY'S, Times Square and above all the Empire State Building which was outside our window with the Chrysler away to the right. Breakfast was a buffet of bagels, apples, bananas 2 kinds of bread to toast, Quaker oats, fruit juice coffee and tea and a free neswpaper. The staff efficient and friendly.Although the price was sort of lowish, the additional taxes (x8) bumped up the final bill considerably. The street is in Korea Town, so all shops and commerce were Korean, including take away meals and grocery stores. Many stayed open until midnight, but there was a tendancy for large piles of slightly smelly rubbish waiting to be cleared each night. Generally a safe area for late night night strolls. One block in any direction and all the more usual eateries were in evidence.	
Sep 11 2005	Pleasant Stay	We stayed for 7 nights in Room 1406 (family of 4 arrived Sept. 2 and checked out on Sept. 9, 2005). The room was very quiet; we didn't hear guests in any room above/below or next door (even though the room next to ours was occupied). The room wasn't very large but it was adequate...we were so tired at the end of each full day and it was nice to come back to a clean room with a nice TV. The only drawback was the slow draining shower and sink (minor inconveniences). The room was immaculate…cleaning staff service was excellent. Air conditioner worked fine, and the beds were comfortable (firm mattresses). Be prepared to pay 15% in taxes in addition to the quoted room price; these taxes added about $32 each night to the lodging rate (shown on receipt for each night: state tax-$17.82; occupancy tax $2; City Tax $10.64; Javits Convention Fee $1.50). The location of the hotel can’t be beat, and there are good restaurants in the area. Macy’s is nearby and Manhattan Mall (with a food court, coffee stand and shopping) is only a block away, as is the subway station. The wait for the elevators was never more than a couple of minutes – no problem. The breakfast was more than adequate and much appreciated (and staffed by an efficient and polite young man). It included bananas, apples, donuts, sliced white/wheat bread, 2 kinds of bagels, roll, cream cheese/jelly, oatmeal, orange and apple juices, milk (whole &amp; 2%), coffee/tea, and cappuccino. If you come to breakfast early or late, there are places to sit, but wait until the ‘rush hour’ and you’re out of luck. We went to 3 plays (Producers, Phantom of the Opera, and Lion King). Any tickets purchased at TKTS must be paid for in cash. A lot of the restaurants and attractions (including the trip to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island) only accept cash so be prepared by stopping at an ATM in the morning.	
Sep 8 2005	Can't reccomend this hotel highly enough	I stayed here for 5 days and cannot rate this room high enough is reasonably priced (well for NY) right around the corner from Empire State, Macys and 5th ave. It is situated in little Korea a gorgeous little street right off 5th Ave that has wonderful Korean Restaurants and shops. Several busses pass the hotel and a short walk away is the Subway. The room was small but all NY rooms are small and the view was not very exciting but I came to see NY not the hotel. The room was always immaculate and clean, bathroom very hygenic, a minimal free breakfast is offered a rarity in NY and each room is equiped with hairdryers, Irons, large TV and full cable. There is no minibar. There is a full excursion desk in reception who will book any trips, tours and sightseeing you may want to do. The room rate is based on room not per person so when a second person joined me the price of my room did not increase. The only complaint I have is the reception desk staff were a little rude but I found that with many new yorkers. I will definitely be returning I hope you found this review helpfull. Email if you have any questions having read the mixed reviews. Enjoy your trip.TIP: There is Internet in the rooms and reception but it is overpriced use the internet cafe across the road oppisite the Empire state.	
Sep 6 2005	Good price but few amenities	For the price ($135/night) and location (just near the Empire State Building), Red Roof Inn is hard to beat, especially at the last minute. The neighborhood is a bit shady - it's in Korea town, which is interesting, but not the safest part of New York - but is very central. There are lots of delis and groceries around for a quick snack if needed.The subway stop is about a block away (32nd and Broadway) and the hotel is only 2 blocks from Penn Station. This is especially convenient if you come in from Newark Airport on the NJ Transit train - it's a very quick walk! As far as the room went, it was average size. Everything was clean and the walls were very soundproofed. We were right by the elevator (1412) and heard nothing all night. If you can - request a low floor because the elevators can take FOREVER! Especially at busy times like breakfast you should factor in at least 10-15 minutes to wait. Once we had to wait through 3 cycles of the same elevator due to the long line in the lobby and the fact that the other elevator was being used by maintenance. Speaking of breakfast - that was a nightmare! It was probably our fault for waiting until 9:30 to go, but there were tons of people and though the staff was desperately trying to keep the place clean, it was a bit of a disaster. We decided to just buy a bagel at the shop on 32nd and 5th on subsequent mornings.The staff was generally knowledgable and professional, if not overly friendly. The concierge (a girl of about 20) didn't seem to know all that much - including the fact that you could take a train directly from Newark airport to Penn Station! Overall, I'm not sure if I'd stay in this hotel again (I would probably opt for a more fun neighborhood such as West Village, etc) but for someone looking for a value it's not bad. Just be ready to walk up the stairs to avoid the elevator!	
Aug 29 2005	reasonable comfort great price	My daughter and I just returned from 2 nights at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan. We arrived before noon and left our bags for a short wander up to Times Square; when we returned at 12.30, the upgraded room that had been blocked for us was not yet ready, but a standard room was available. We checked it out and signed on the dotted line. It was a reasonable size for NYC, with dresser, large TV, desk, and 2 chairs as well as a comfortable king bed; bathroom was clean, functional, and perfectly adequate. Our breakfast experience was fine, unlike other posts; we got there early and had ample choice of food and places to sit. The coffee wasn't great, but that's not why we came to New York! The location, just a block from Empire State Bldg and 2 blocks from Penn Station, was perfect for us; we could walk to some of our sights and taxis were readily available for longer excursions. Our room, on the 11th floor, got little street noise, and we never heard a sound from neighbors on the floor. I did not interact with the concierge, but the front desk and bellman were helpful when needed. I booked through Applecore Hotels online. With our AAA discount, the rate was $170/night--a great price for a first visit to New York!	
Aug 25 2005	Solid and very reasonable NYC accomodations	In a city where average hotel room prices soar up to $300 a night, this is a find! Basic chain hotel accomodations, very clean - basically, no worries regarding shadiness or cleanliness here. Just a dependable hotel room with solid, clean facilities. Bed was not too hard. Sheets were clean. Extra pillows and general housekeeping facilities. Bathrooms look new and clean. No dark and dank mysterious &quot;corners&quot; - hallways are brightly lit. Good size rooms overall. We had the smallest room type possible in the hotel (any room number that ends with 10) - and even that was fine for us. The only thing we probably didn't have was a desk. All rooms, even people's homes are very cramped in NYC - so don't expect too much with space in this city - unless your'e willing to pay for it...dearly. Air conditioner worked very well with controls. Full TV service. They also have a free breakfast - which we didn't have. Safe, secure, clean and comfortable. What more could one ask for $120 a night in Manhattan? Area is Korea Town/Herald Square - great tourist area (near Macy's, Empire State etc). As a New Yorker myself (Brooklynite), I try to avoid this area with my life (too crazy and filled with tourists, and honestly, not the prettiest). If you want to be in the thick of it...it's perfect. If you're the kind of tourist who likes to avoid touristy areas, you may not like the area. Still, it's such a deal that I would still suggest it - getting out of the area is easy anyway - with 2 of the most convenient subway lines located on the very same block to get you anywhere! Highly recommended for the budget minded traveller who does not want to sacrifice comfort, convenience and cleanliness!	
Aug 22 2005	Great Find Under $200	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan near Korea Town and the Garment District for two nights August 9 and 10. The hotel is in a good location and a short walk to 6th avenue where one can catch the N,Q,R, W line. The simply furnished rooms and bathrooms are clean, and larger than most hotel rooms in the city, that I have paid $100 more for. The front desk staff was pleasant and accomodating, as was the bell staff. Although the hotel is located amidst the &quot;hub-bub&quot; of the city, there was surprisingly little noise at night. Maybe this was due to staying on the top floor. The Red Roof offers a free continental brekfast (rare in NYC) but unfortunately the other guests took full advantage of this and horded food like it was the last meal that they were going to eat. One woman had a huge plate of jelly donuts that she must have been saving for a snack later since I can't imagine anyone eating 6 donuts at one sitting. The guests filling the breakfast area were rude and pushy, and many did not have the common courtesy to clean up after themselves. Another drawback was that there was a sign posted that stated &quot;All Food Musy Be Eaten on Premises&quot;. I have no idea what purpose that suits, and I refused to follow that rule after seeing so many guests that were rude and obnoxious. Overall, it was a good choice for the $172 per night.	
Aug 22 2005	Awesome 1st Time in NYC	Found this hotel online after weeks of searching for a good hotel close to the Pennsylvania (where friends were staying). Originally had booked at a Holiday Inn in Queens, and then the Beekman Tower by the UN, but could not turn down $500/3 nights blocks away from Times Square, MSG, and Empire State Building. Easy to find, right smack dab in the middle of Koreatown (excellent, excellent, excellent Korean food next door). Quick walk to subway, bus service, taxis.Friendly staff (with a super friendly doorman), clean room w/ clean bathroom (drain was broken, so shower only, but no problems for us). The elevator isn't as devastatingly slow as some have said, but at times was noticeably slow (we had 11th floor). Breakfast area wasn't big enough to accommodate all patrons, so complimentary breakfast (toast-it-yourself bagels, toast, juices, coffee, etc.) was eaten in-room twice. Used the in-room TV internet -- keyboard was wonky but service was fast enough. Pay-as-you-go internet terminal in lobby worked until I broke it, somehow (oops!).Overall, for the price, this was hands-down the best possible choice for us. It had everything we wanted in a prime location. Highly recommended!	
Aug 19 2005	A dive	This hotel is a tired-out dive - despite the glowing reviews in the 2005 Frommer's New York City guide. From arrival to departure there is nothing that says welcome and we care. Yes it is cheaper than some other hotels, but use it only if you don't care about where you sleep. The front desk person was more interested in her benifits package; the so-called &quot;Concierge&quot; was making extra money selling tour packages after working the nail bar and was not very helpful . Carpets have come off of their backing in waves. Ice machine didn't work on our floor (it was over 100 degrees outside!) despite calls to the desk and the usual reassurances it would be fixed. You cannot adjust the heat in your room. The mattress saw better days many years ago. Access to the hotel safety deposit box is not controlled and it is open to anyone. The continental breakfast consists of lots of donuts, bad coffee, a few bannnas and apples, oatmeal, bagels and grape jelly. In short if $180 per night (including all the taxes) is better than the youth hostel - this is a find. I don't know what they paid Frommer's to hype this place.	
Aug 10 2005	excellent location highly recommended	This is not a luxury hotel. However it is clean, friendly staff, and sitiated in an excellent location (30 seconds from 5th Ave. and 2 minutes from the Empire State Building). We stayed there for 3 nights and couldn't have asked for a better place.	
Aug 6 2005	Very convenient in the Garmet District - Times Sq Macys	Stayed here 2 nights. They had to add a roll away bed to the king and that made the room REALLY cramped, but not impossible. We were just sleeping there anyway. Charged us an additional $32 per night for the 3rd person and roll away. Otherwise it was clean and very nice. Other reviewers have mentioned the slow elevators, there are only 2 for about 16 floors. We did not feel like they were really inconvenient, but sometimes you had to wait for what seemed like a minute or two for one to arrive. The breakfast is basic, nothing to brag about, no eggs, no decaf, etc. The company that ownes this hotel ownes several others like it in Manhattan including the La Quinta Inn across the street. Not sure how the prices compare.	
Aug 3 2005	What a great location	The Hotel was perfect for me. The internet cafe was 2 doors down, I was able to buy a Yankee baseball hat just down the corner for a good price. The choices of places to eat were endless. The bellman was very helpful with directions to the Yankee game by subway. Every employee we encountered either in the elevator or at the front desk had a smile and a greeting. I never got the chance to eat breakfast there because I slept in, but fruit vendors are everywhere. It was very hot and humid, but the room was cool and quiet.	
Aug 3 2005	Happy with stay	My sister and I stayed at RRInn in November of 2004 and again in May 2005We were very happy with our rooms. when we arrived in November we were upgraded to a King room as we were there for a weeks stay. That was very nice...we didn't ask for this. Also we joined their club and earned two nights free for our next trip. In May we returned for a three night stay. Paid for one night only. Our room was on the 12th floor and was extremely clean during our visit. Bathroom, plenty hot water and lots of towels and etc. We had no problems at all. Breakfast was good. Have recommended RRInn to several friends. Will return...	
Aug 1 2005	Perfect - just what I expected!	After reading reviews on Tripadvisor, I booked this hotel. This hotel lived up to the reviews and to my expectations. I was looking for a clean, comfortable, safe hotel in a good location and a good value. This hotel met all those expectations. If you want luxury, go somewhere else! This place is perfect for the visitor to New York who wants a good value and will do a lot of site seeing. The subway lines are within one block and the location is excellent for walking to many places such as Times Square, Grand Central Station, Empire State Buidling, Macy's, Madison Square Garden...etc. If you are going to the Yankee games, like I did, the subway line to the game is one block away. For breakfast try the Bagel Cafe down the street. It was everything I expected a New York cafe to be. Hope you have as much fun as I did! For the location and value you cannot go wrong...I will be staying here again.	
Aug 1 2005 	Great room great location slow elevators	I had read the comments and reviews of this location before I made my reservation. For the most part, all are correct. This hotel is a 10 minute walk from Penn Station, there are numerous good restaurants in the area, the rooms are clean and larger than expected and the elevators are incredibly slow. The elevators are also very small and therefore, you get to be up close and personal with the other guests of the hotel... NOT a good thing on a 100 degree day! I would definitely stay here again due to the pleasant room, location and staff.	
Jul 31 2005	Enjoyed the Red Roof Inn	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn 19 July for 4 nights, good size rooms, front desk staff are helpfull. Continental Breakfast is reasonable, toast, bagels, coffee, juice and two choices of fresh fruit and doughnuts.Be aware that there is a $20.00 per night supplement for an extra bed.There is a bar, you can't charge back to the room, and they do have a happy hour if you want to chill after some hard shopping / sightseeing.Good location to explore New York, right by Macy's, Gap, H&amp;M, Zara. For food its located right in the Korean area, we didn't get a chance to check out the restaurants	
Jul 18 2005	Clean quite good value great location quick breakfast	We (two couples) stayed in two rooms here on June 23rd to 28th (5 nights). We paid $145.00/night plus taxes etc. for each room with a king size bed. We were spending a long weekend with friends from England. We had all done some cross-Atlantic research before booking the room and I was somewhat apprehensive of a hotel room in NYC for only $145 but was pleasantly surprised.The place is clean and quite and absolutely FAB. The TV and A/C worked, our friends were in a room on the same floor, which was very convenient for us all. For security we used the safety deposit box behind the check in desk. We left our valuables in there and just took out what we needed for each day.The location is five doors off 5th Avenue, a block away from the Empire State Building. The street seems to be full of Korean buffet restaurants but for location it’s perfect. There’s a subway station at the end of the block, and Times Square is only 10-15 minute walk away. Warning though..............the cabbies didn’t know that the hotel is there, so remember the address to tell the driver. The room was a bit tight with the BIG bed in it but we had a good time at the hotel. We (the four of us) partied a little in our room but we mostly just used the room to sleep in. The breakfast room did get busy if you showed up much later than 7:30 so if we were late we just waited and had a bagel, fruit and coffee before we hit the town. I thought it was WELL WORTH the cost.The elevators are fine, just have some patience, relax enjoy the fact that you’re in NYC. We even went into the lobby bar (on the mezzanine floor) for a pre-dinner drink. All the hotel staff was very friendly. I’ve told all my friends that this is a perfect place to stay in NYC.	
Jul 12 2005	Awesome Location	The hotel was fantastic and if you are worried about location don't be. This is perfect. Walking distance to Empire state building and some of the best shops in NYC. eg. The biggest department store in the world. Macy's 11 stories high!!The rooms were a decent size. The breakfast was fine. The front desk staff were not that friendly though - but this doesn't really affect your stay.The lifts are very slow though - so if you are staying over a wknd stay on a lower floor so you can take the stairs!!This hotel is definitely the best value for money that you will find in NYC!!	
Jul 5 2005	Great Value	We stayed here for 4 nights. It was excellent value including the breakfast which saved us from running around looking for something to eat in the morning. Very clean hotel. Staff were helpful and even though the elevators were slow at times, it was manageable. The breakfast room is way too small for the number of guests, but it is very clean and by the time you go through the self-serve, there was always a table for us. The area is convenient and safe, but on the July 4th weekend (don't know if this is typical) very very crowded in the immediate vicinity. The rooms are large by NY city standards. There are larger and smaller rooms and ours faced the Empire State Building and was very quiet. Also, if you stay several nights-- like we did and spend $500 you can join their &quot;loyalty&quot; club and apply to get a certificate for afuture night at a Red Roof Inn for free!! This is pretty amazing value for a very expensive city.	
Jun 30 2005	Very good overall--especially for the price	My friend from out of own made the reservation and I wasn't thrilled w/ the thought of staying at a 2-star hotel. No, I'm not a snob, however, I admittedly prefer a NICE hotel when traveling. Anyway, I didn't want to be difficult so I figured I'd &quot;suck it up&quot;--afterall it was only for 2 nights and we'd basically just be sleeping there.This place was definitely worth the $159/night (AAA discount) --&quot;above average&quot; for the price and I would stay here again. I found the staff to be accomodating...They let us check in a few hours early and gave us a room facing the Empire State Building. Overly friendly? No, but what do you REALLY expect from someone living in NYC and working at a Red Roof Inn??? After some of the comments I read on this sight I wasn't quite sure what to expect. We called down for extra towels soon after we got in the room and they sent 4 more up withing 5 minutes--no problem and no attitude. Also, they let us check out an hour late (no charge) and we appreciated that. We didn't have much more contact with the staff other than what I just listed. The room appeared clean with a slightly strong bleach-like odor but it dissipated after a while. Air conditioner worked well (that's one I worried about w/ the 90 degree weather)...The mattress was quite comfortable, although I read an earlier comment that it was really hard--I totally disagree...I can see where it could be noisy if your room is by the elevator or the ice/vending machines, but &quot;NYC never sleeps&quot; so it'd be ridiculous to complain about outdoor noise--which wasn't bad from the 14th floor...The elevators were somewhat slow but never had to wait more than a minute or two--except Sunday morning during what was presumably the breakfast rush&quot; around 9:45. The so-called &quot;breakfast&quot; is fine if you want to grab a quick bagel [good] and coffee [mediocre] early before you head out. The &quot;cappucino&quot; was actually pretty good if you like the taste of instant hot chocolate. A couple of other things: 1) Pizza Pete's has EXCELLENT pizza--right out the hotel then right around the 1st corner. 2) Take cabs if it isn't during weekday rush-hour traffic--they're almost always quicker than the subway and barely more costly if you're not going too-too far.As many others have stated, this is a good deal for a 2-star hotel in a convenient location--and we felt safe, too. If you want fluffy robes, soft towels and easy-to-reach toilet paper (ha-ha) then it's going to cost you a lot more some place else.	
Jun 28 2005	Great Location	I stayed here with my wife as part of our honeymoon because it was reasonably priced and had a great location. It is situated 5 mins walk from Penn Station and 15 from Times Square / 42nd Street which was perfect for us.The room was basic but very clean and worth the price we paid. The lifts were stupidly slow but you are not exactly going to choose a hotel because of its lift speed so I wouldn't worry about it. Lobby bar had 2 for 1 from 4pm - 7pm which was nice. Hotel staff were very courteous but I think some were on exchange from somewhere and their english was a bit patchy but we got there in the end.Overall great hotel on a budget and brilliantly located. Recommended for the average traveller.	
Jun 24 2005	Outstanding value	Stayed here on the beginning edge of a long European trip, then stayed at the Edison on the other end. Liked the Red Roof Inn better. The rooms were clean, of adequate size for a party of 4, simple, nothing fancy, but just fine.When you consider the room rates, it becomes hard to complain at all.The location is excellent, next to the Empire State Building and a close subway station. The service was excellent. The breakfast was awful though. They should just not offer it at all. The breakfast room was packed tight. The food was so bad I would not touch it: white bagels hard as rocks, out of coffee, bananas - I think that was it. I asked the lone worker for an apple and he snarled that there were bananas already out. I felt sorry for him - he was entirely overwhelmed and probably spitting on all the food in the back room. We went out for breakfast.Anyway, I would absolutely stay here again - and over the Edison Hotel.Really a great place.	
Jun 22 2005 	A Solid Choice (but Nothing Special) in Manhattan	I stayed at this property for a week on business and found it to be clean and perfectly suitable if you aren't looking for anything fancy. The Red Roof brand is a budget-type hotel and this property reflects that. I'm a bit surprised by the many &quot;4-Star&quot; ratings as that would indicate that this hotel is &quot;Above Average&quot; which in my opinion it is not in any way at all. It's just a good, basic hotel. It has some shortcomings, but overall I felt it was a good enough bargain to warrant an &quot;Average&quot; rating.This hotel is in a fantastic location very near Macy's, the Empire State Building (just one short block away) with a subway station at the end of the block. Times Square is a quick 15 minute walk north.The lobby is small but nicely appointed. It could, however, benefit greatly from better air conditioning as the lobby was always on the warm side (and I'm from Texas so I'm used to heat). The rooms aren't going to make the pages of Architectural Digest anytime soon but the furniture, while outdated, is in good shape. The room was average to a bit larger than many NYC hotel rooms (which are notoriously small). There were plenty of clothes hangers in the small closet and a generous amount of drawer space to store my things. I was, however, disappointed by the lack of an in-room safe.The bedding is of modest quality and the mattress incredibly hard. If you like firm mattresses you'll be fine, but I really missed my pillow-top mattress back home. Towels were a bit thin and small. Toiletries are of budget quality and I was happy that I'd brought my own soap and shampoo. The water pressure was very good and hot water was abundant. Like the lobby, the air conditioner in the room really needed some help. The room never did cool off adequately even with the unit on high. The unit also switched itself off a couple of times requiring a call to the front desk. I guess they must have thrown a breaker or something because it would come back on after my call without requiring an engineer to come to the room.The hotel claims to have free wireless Internet access in all rooms and while this is technically accurate, the service leaves much to be desired. Unfortunately the signal was terribly weak and the transmission rate was pathetic, often dropping out entirely. The hotel staff member I spoke to about this indicated that this was a typical problem but that there was nothing he could do about it. If you have much work to do on your trip that requires Internet connectivity I would recommend seeking a hotel more adequately equipped to handle the needs of business travelers.My biggest peeve was how slow the elevators were. Truly the wait was often ridiculous.Housekeeping was perfectly fine. Overall I would recommend the hotel provided you get a good enough rate.	
Jun 20 2005	Great Stay	I have stayed in this hotel twice now, once with my parents and another time with my boyfriend. Both times have been great. This hotel is reasonable (AAA discount accepted), clean and the staff are very friendly. You also get continental brekkie included in the price. The location is excellent. If you are looking for somewhere with no frills, that is clean and convenieint this is the place for you. Will book here again	
Jun 20 2005	Great value	I stayed here from June 1-7 and found the hotel to be more than adequate. The only negative was the noisy water pipes, had to shut the bathroom door when sleeping and the basin and tub were both a little slow to drain. Other than that, the hotel was clean, the elevator was a little slow but not as bad as they're made out to be. Room was a little small, but, loved the decent sized bathroom. The location was terrific, close to Penn Station and Bally's gym. Nice little bar and friendly staff. Couldn't ask for more at $149/night. I love NYC!	
Jun 18 2005	Great price great hotel good location	We stayed at this hotel Jun 4 - 9, 2005. I booked it for $149 US after seeing the reviews on here. The complimentary breakfast really helped with our expenses. Bagels, danishes, toast, oatmeal, apples, bananas, orange/apple juice, tea, coffee and milk.We stayed in 1211. Good size room, very clean, well kept. The bathroom was a good size although counter space a minimum. Not sure why the toilet roll holder was so low but we weren't inconvenienced any.Everyone complains about the elevator? The 2 elevators are older and the service staff do use them but I never had to wait longer than a couple minutes?I found the reception staff to be of a happy disposition and helpful although we didn't really need them for anything.The hotel is in Little Korea (Garment district), very busy dirty street but get used to that, there are a lot of them. Lots of delivery trucks/cabs zooming by, high emissions from vehicles but only 2 blocks to Penn Station and 1 block from Empire State. Felt very safe in the neighborhood.We would stay here again in a heartbeat. Great value	
Jun 12 2005	Best Value Great Vacation	Stayed here for 9 nights and had a great experience. Paid $99/night which is a steal for Manhattan. The hotel is at the foot of the empire state building on a street with mostly Korean restaurants and markets. Subway station was less than a block away. Felt very safe walking around the area at night and tried a couple of the restaurants around the hotel which were pretty good. 15-20 minute walk to Times Square. Complimentary continental breakfast was a great way to start the morning. The breakfast room was kind of small and difficult to get a seat, but we made do. The hotel has a work out room which was great. Building is kind of old and we did get stuck in the elevator one night, but the staff responded quickly and got us out within 5 minutes.	
Jun 7 2005	Great value and location	Stayed here after extensive research on TripAdvisor. I found this to be cheapest in the category I was looking for. The room was clean and large. The front-side is bit noisey due to the construction work and general NY noise. I found the staff to be polite and helpful. The area is not as plush as the central-park district , however, I would stay here again.	
Jun 6 2005	Red Roof Inn-Manhattan is a great deal	This hotel is a great deal for New York City if you need a centrally located hotel, and a safe place to sleep that is very clean. The room we had was two double beds and the room was about the same size as other Red Roof Inns I have stayed in around the country. Most importantly, the hotel was true to its descriptions and I would stay there again. The staff was helpful when I needed them. In fact, on the drive home I deliberately sought another Red Roof Inn on the interstate based on the good expeirnece in New York.	
Jun 6 2005	Really Nice Surprise	We stayed at the RedRoof Inn in NYC, at the end of April, 2005. We paid a Senior rate of $139.99. The hotel exceeded our expectations. The rooms were fairly large, had nice amenities and were comfortable. The hotel served a complimentary breakfast, which offered a nice variety of choices. The staff was excellent to deal with. There was a bar on the second floor and concierge service in the lobby. The hotel is one block away from the Empire State Building, right west of 5th Avenue. We found the location to be just fine, as the walk up to 42nd street and surrounding sights was no problem. The subway was easily accessible at Herald Square, on Broadway.The hotel is fairly narrow, which isn't a problem save for not looking expansive. It is in the Korean district, which is a plus if you like Korean Food. Most of the businesses on 32nd St between 5th Ave and Broadway are Korean, but outside that defined area there are the normal mix of businesses. The disadvantage of the hotel was no on-site parking. We had to pay $24 per day to park in a facility on Broadway and 32nd Street, with no in-and-out priviledges.We had counted on reviews at Trip Advisor and in Fodor's, which rated the hotel highly. We found the reviews to be true and accurate. The Red Roof Inn is a nice bargain in the NYC sea of overpriced, mainline hotels.	
Jun 6 2005	Great Hotel but agree with some of previous negative reviews	We have just returned from a weeks stay in NYC, and for location and the what you get for your dollar you cannot go better than this hotel.The housecleaning was first class, the kingsize bed was great and the room size was ok, there are larger ones on each floor, try and request floor level ie. 801 or 805.All this for a two star hotel, alright.However, eventhough we didnt have any troubles with staff, I do feel of you crossed them, you would be in for a fight.One night I needed some extra towels, and after waiting half an hour, I made another reminding phone call, and the front desk, took my call and hung up fairly rudely when I questioned him! The towel eventuately came.....Also the lift is really slow, and if you are near the ice dispenser, it is loud when you are asleep.Overall, this hotel was great for the price, and you have to expect you are paying only for a two star in prime location that is clean and nice.	
Jun 4 2005	Good hotel in great location - shame about the internet	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Red Roof Inn. We picked this hotel partly based on reviews on this site and were pleased with our choice. The room was large and clean and had a fantastic view of the Empire state building as we had requested. We also had a king size bed which was very comfortable but we had booked 2 queens when we made our reservation over the internet. The front desk couldn't give us the room we had originally reserved but did offer us another single bed and gave us a discounted rate.The complementary breakfast was good if you like bagels etc but the room did get quite crowded at times although we always managed to get a table. There is a tourist information desk but they weren't that helpful particularly with airport transport which we booked ourselves for a much cheaper price.The location of the hotel is excellent. Macys is 2 blocks away and there are lots of shops on W34th street if you don't fancy going all the way up 5th Avenue. Times Square and Central Park are easy to walk to as well. The hotel is in Little Korea so if you like asian food there are lots of restaurants right by you. Pho 32 right next to the hotel does good food and bubble tea.We would definately consider staying here again but I probably would reserve by phone rather than online!	
Jun 1 2005	Excellent Value	Stayed at the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan recently and was very happy withthe accomodations. Everything was very clean and the front desk wasvery nice. We arrived on a very early flight and were able to drop ourluggage off at the hotel and they actually have a very nice system ofhandling your luggage. The breakfast room was also maintained throughoutthe morning very nicely and everything was replenished very often.I will definitely stay here again.	
May 30 2005	Location location location!!	After having read many reviews of this hotel, thought I should add one myself.Spent 4 days here and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel- was very impressed with the cleanliness of the lobby, room and hallways. The location is wonderful- couldn't have asked for better! It is approx 10 minute walk to Times Sq, 5 minutes to empire state building, subway right on the corner, and front desk staff was always helpful for us. The room was larger then anticipated with fridge too!The elevators were not bad as I have read on here plus get free breakfast- bagels, bananas, oatmeal, toast, coffeee tea juices. All in all, I would stay here again for the wonderful location and clean hotel.	
May 27 2005	Good Value Central Location	Having heard horrible things about Manhatten hotel rooms- was surprised that this was cheap, clean and spacious. The lifts were slow- I did pity the people on the 15th floor. For the proce of the hotel the breakfast was very good with a decent choice- the breakfast room did get busy but we were always able to get a seat.	
May 26 2005	Great location but I got a Bad room	The day that I was schedule to arrive in NYC was chaotic. Ran errands all over DC, missed my shuttle to NYC. I had to take a later shuttle (a 4.5 hour ride). I called the Red Roof Inn and told them that I would be delayed. The representative was courteous and put me at ease. She assured me that my room would be available when I arrived. Finally arrive around 10:30 pm. Got on the subway and got off at the wrong stop. walked several blocks in the rain to the hotel. I was given a room without a bathtub and it was a meeting room that was converted into a hotel room, i.e., huge room with a bed and a desk in it. There was no closet or dressers to place my clothes. I could not take a shower because the meeting room/bedroom did not have a bathtub/shower. They were going to charge me the full weekend rate until I complained. The next day I was sent to another room. It was a nice room but the bathtub drain didn't work. I was in a rush and didn't have time to wait for the engineer to fix it. I went out int the city not feeling to fresh. In fact, I skipped a few things that I had schedule because I was smelly. At check-out, I complained again and was only told to contact the manager when I return to NYC and he would insure that I receive a better room the next that I stay with them. Granted, it is one of the better Red Room Inns, but I could have been treated better or given a significant discount for the make-shift room with no bathtub.	
May 22 2005	Rude staff	Just returned from seven days in NYC staying at the Red Roof Inn. The hotel is centrally located with the Empire state building around the corner and Macy's two blocks away. First impressions were good, as the hotel is nice and our room was clean and not too small. The elevators are slow and the front rooms facing the street are noisy at night (we were on the 7th floor), but the breakfast is good and it all evens out.We did have some problems, though, as we returned to our room one night and found that housekeeping had broken the wireless internet-card on our laptop computer and left it in four pieces on the nightstand without even a note. It was, of course, an accident, but when we made the staff aware of it and asked to be compensated for the device, we were met with alot of unfriendlyness and accusations that we had broken it ourselves. The manager was quite rude and I had expected more from a hotel where we are paying customers. I would recommend this hotel for the price and the location, but, like other reviewers have commented, don't expect much if a problem arises, even one they caused.	
May 16 2005	Great Location rude staff but be careful with debit cards!	It would have been an amazing stay in the heart of Manhattan in a very clean, nice hotel (big + for the breakfast). Our room actually had an excellent view on the Empire State Building. But...the receptionist accidentally made a triple (!!!!!!) authorization on my debit card, so as I left and arrived in Washington DC five hours later, there was no accessible money on my account. Fortunately I had another card on me with which i was able to pay, but it was a nightmare realizing that more than 1000$ disappeared from my account... As we returned to NY i tried to make the front desk staff clear, that they made a mistake and i actually have no money left. The manager was cooperative but very rude (just like the other front desk people), at the end he told me that it is common to happen to foreign debit cards and my money should be released in two weeks... Excuse me?Advise : Be very-very careful with your card at all time, if possible pay everything by cash, or be prepared...	
May 14 2005	Great value for the price	This was my fourth trip to NYC and I've stayed at different hotels each time. First in Hicksville on Long Island, with one night at the Essex House as a treat and then at two different Comfort Inns. Aside from the luxury of the Essex House (along with a high price) the Red Roof Inn was the best place I've stayed. I primarily picked this hotel because my husband and I wanted a king sized bed like at home. The other hotels we stayed at all had tiny doubles. The price was good too, $139 a night which is a bargain for NYC. We booked directly through Red Roof Inns website.The hotel is located in Little Korea with lots of Korean restaurants in the neighborhood. We found one place right down the street that looked like a market at first but they had a great buffet in the back. They had some American food like meatloaf, mac &amp; cheese and mashed potatoes, some Korean choices like kimchee, etc. and some really good Chinese food. It's a pay by the pound buffet. They also had a deli counter with sandwiches and other choices. It was really great but I can't remember the name. When you come out the the hotel it's to the left, a few doors down.The hotel lobby is nice sized and check in was easy. The staff is efficient but not overly friendly. We stayed in room 1407. The elevators are a little slow especially in the mornings when everyone is leaving their rooms. They must not have a service elevator because we frequently encountered staff taking the elevators. The people we spoke to were nice and very polite.Our room was quite big by NYC standards. Good sized bathroom with a tub and shower and plently of space to put toiletries. There is a blow dryer but no full length mirror. Complimentary shampoo, soap, etc. The bathroom was nice and clean.In the room was a closet with plenty of hangers, an ironing board and iron and a stand for a suitcase. Furnishings were in good shape with plenty of drawer space, two nightstands, a dresser, a desk with a chair and an extra chair. Very nice king sized bed with two extra pillows in the closet. There was one phone on the nightstand along with an alarm clock and another phone on the desk. Two big windows that do open and nice black out curtains. We did have a little trouble with the room temperature the first night. We like to sleep with the fan on for white noise but the room got pretty warm. The next day we called down to the front desk and asked that the heat be turned off. Less than a half hour we were called back and said it had been taken care of. We slept much cooler and more comfortably after that. Even though there was construction going on next door we could not hear it with the windows closed and the fan going. Not much noise in the hallways either. The maid service was good and they were very accomadating with us not leaving the room sometimes until almost noon. The TV worked fine. We never used the Nintendo stuff or the internet that you can do through the TV.I did notice that there was no safe in the room which I think would be a good idea. I feel much better leaving stuff in my room if it's locked up.Subway is close as well as plenty of non-Korean food, fast food, pizza, etc. The Empire State Building is right around the corner, Macy's an easy walk. If you like Irish bars, try Foley's around the corner on W. 33rd. Generous drinks at good prices. Gareth the bartender was great.As mentioned in other reviews, rooms ending in 10 are very small. We saw a diagram of the room layouts and you can definately tell that they are much smaller. Looks like rooms ending in 7 or 6 are the largest. The smaller rooms are the ones in the front, facing the Empire State Building.I would definately stay at the Red Roof Inn again and highly recommend it if you are looking for an affordable, clean hotel with larger than average NYC sized rooms.	
May 13 2005	Manhattan is amazing!!	Me and my friend stayed in the Red Roof Inn in Manhattan, 20/04/2005 to 24/04/2005 I payed $593.44 for four nights which was brilliant, as the hotel is clean, especially after the reviews i read about some hotels and they were more expensive. The room was spacious and clean and the bathroom was small but clean. It was really convenient for what we wanted as we did not spend any time in the room anyway (couple hours of sleep). Continental breakfast (bagels, apples and bananas, tea and coffee and juice, doughnuts) was included in the price and there was also a gym on the second floor (a couple of running and cycling machines). The staff were friendly and were happy to help if you asked. The maid was really nice and friendly and the rooms were maintained every day. My window view was not very good but hey thats not important, i did hear that there are some rooms with a good view. The Empire State Building is just around the corner, its a two minute walk and we went up at 1130pm it was amazing at night!!! The subway station is also very close, a two minute walk from the hotel and Times Square is about a ten minute walk. There is just one problem we were on the 12th floor and the lifts are ssssooooooo slow!! but the other things make up for it. I would like to also thank a great website and all the great people that contribute to this site, it really was a big help!! THANK YOU ALL!! Manhattan a must see place and i will visit again as it is huge!!! plenty of things to do!! shuttle service is very good too. drop off right outside the hotel around $17 single trip, shop around there are so many!	
May 13 2005	Fell in Love	Together with my 12-year old daughter, I stayed in the Red Roof Inn for one night and just fell in love with it. Great view (room on 15th floor) with Chrysler Building and Met Life, spacious room, windows to open (!), absolutly clean, breakfast included, and the subway only steps away. In the Lobby you can buy tickets for the Empire State Building so that you don´t have to stand in line afterwards. Plus you can order a cab in the morning for the trip to the airport same evening, so you don´t get in trouble when you are short in time. And you can store your luggage safely when you already checked out. On the opposite side of the hotel entrance there is a 24 hrs. Sushi-buffet - I wish we had something like that in Germany! All in all: Perfect room (we payed 179 plus taxes) with fridge and coffeemate, and perfect location. We will definitly come back as often as possible.	
May 3 2005	Room 1602 Best room for a View of Empire State	A great hotel for the price, paid $139 a night plus taxes.Staff were fine and professional but never over friendly.Room was better than had previously stayed at in Manhattan.Great King bed, i was asleep in minutes.Maid service was great. Very cosy with a coffee machine and ice bucket.Vending machines and Ice machines on all floors too.Air con and great TV selection made the room as good as many 4 star rooms i've stayed in.Location is ideal, a walk from Penn Station with great bars and restuarants not far away.Also a great complimentary breakfast, which kept up going all morning and well into the afternoon. Bagels, Oats, Donuts, Fruit and drinks.Only criticism, just a small one, is the hotel didn't seem too eager to change travellers cheques, which i found awkward when it was Sunday, i was short of cash and i saw them counting up thousands of dollars in front of me. Wouldn't have hurt to change the $200 i wanted at the time. So go the bank over the road Monday to Friday instead.	
May 2 2005	Handy Stop-Over For A Family Trip To Shea	We are from Sussex County, New Jersey and decieded that a nice spring trip to see the N.Y. Mets at Shea Stadium was just what we needed after a long and cold winter. We decieded in advance to make a weekend out of it and spend the night in the city. The Red Roof Inn on 6 W. 32nd Street is centrally located and easy to take the subways uptown or downtown. The hotel was clean and the front desk staff was pleasant and courteous. The room we stayed in was a little on the small side (third floor) but it suited our needs when we went back to the room to relax after the game. Our view was less then terrific as they are doing construction on an ajoining building. One thing that I did find a little wierd and I dont know if it is the same in other rooms, but...the roll that held the toilet paper was so far away from the toilet seat that it was impossible to reach while seated. I had to take the paper off the roll and keep it on the vanity. I have no idea why it's like this, just bad design planning. We had 4 people and we paid $160.00. I thought the price was fair after looking up other hotels in Manhatten on Trip Advisor. We would definitley stay there again. We had a great weekend and are looking forward to going back again. (And the Mets Won!!!!!!!!!!!)	
Apr 29 2005	Good value reasonable location	Paid $139/night booking about a month in advance. Got a reasonable location near the Empire State, close to subway and Macy's, but in a Korean neighbourhood with the characteristic piles of rubbish bags outside the restaurants every day.First room we were given, despite having rung the hotel in advance to request a quiet room with a decent view, was small and cramped with a terrible view, made worse by the constant racket from the ice machine just outside - to add insult to injury, it didn't even dispense any ice, so we had to go 2 floors down to get some, and the hotel staff said they couldn't switch it off! Moved next day to another room on the same floor with view of the Empire State - much larger and better furnished, really quite comfortable, and we could only just hear the ice machine.Free breakfast comprised good quality orange juice, tea/coffee, doughnuts, bagels, toast, porridge and fruit - downside was that the breakfast room was far too small, so there was often standing room only, with a dash for a table as soon as one became free. Also too hot, as the air con was invariably switched off.Apparently there is free wireless high-speed internet access in the rooms, although they don't advertise it very well so I didn't bother taking my laptop. There are a couple of cheap internet cafes virtually next door, so don't use the TV-based system in the rooms, which is expensive.Staff were OK - moved our luggage to the new room for us while we were out, concierge booked us on the minibus shuttle back to JFK for $21/person, which only took 40 minutes (30 from picking up the last passengers) leaving at 7.30 pm - taxi would have been $55 plus tolls and couldn't have been any quicker.Didn't find any decent restaurants nearby, just loads of fast-food places, although I guess there was a good choice of Korean, which we didn't try as we had no idea what to expect. Very convenient for going up the Empire State at night - after an aborted attempt at 7.30, when the wait would have been 60-75 minutes, we went at about 10.30 pm, when there was absolutely nobody in the queue and the views were spectacular.All in all, better to stay at a reasonably priced place like this in a fairly convenient location than spend twice as much for a better room, but where you will just spend a few hours a day.	
Apr 29 2005	A Big Yes and A Little No	I stayed at the Red Roof Inn for five nights last week. Although the room wasn't what I had asked for, the front desk was accomodating and gave me several room choices. The hotel is very clean from the public areas to the individual rooms. I had room 406 which I was told one of the larger rooms. The Good: Clean, basically quiet except due to the marble hallway floors outside the rooms, the smallest sounds are magnified. Very central location, within walking distance to subways ect. Friendly staff for the most part and reasonably priced too.Th Bad: It took three calls to have a maintainence person fix the A/C. He finally got it to blow some coolish air. No view, and next to a construction site. (though they only worked between 7:00am-6:00pm). Sadly, those things could have been overlooked if not for the problem encountered at check out. It was very uncomfortable. The manager actually agrivated the situation by becoming verbally hostile when I questioned what I thought was to have been a discount. He finally and very reluctantly made an adjustment, but how embarasing in front of other guests and what a poor example in front of his staff. The discount may have been my misunderstanding but the situation wasn't handled professionally by the manager.Overall, the hotel is a good valus as long as you don't expect too much. I would possibly stay again.	
Apr 28 2005	A nice find	Stayed three nights at the Red Roof Inn Manhattan over April 22-25, 2005. It is located on 32 Street near Greeley Sq. Korean stores and restaurants all long street. Were had requested a non-smoking room but that had not been guaranteed. Upon arrival, the staff arranged it so that we got the non-smoking room. The room very nice , clean and everything worked properly. The hotel was quiet. The staff was very accommodating to us. For the money this is a great place to stay. I would go back there again.	
Apr 26 2005	Fantastic value for the location	My partner and myself stayed at the Red Roof for a long weekend in April. Although being in NYC you don't spend much time in your room, I would recommend this hotel to anyone needing reasonable, comfortable accommodation in a really central area. The subway is really close and you are practially on Broadway and 5th. The staff help as much as they can - we were impressed when we changed rooms (DO NOT settle for a room ending in 10, 11 or 12 as they are small with a rubbish view - just check the fire escape floor plan near the lifts) and we were moved to a much larger room, high up, litererally face to face with the Empire State Building. Our flights home were early evening and the hotel let us keep the room for as long as we needed it for a very reasonable fee. If you need internet access don't use the room facility - it is not good and quite expensive. About 2-3 doors down turning right out of the hotel (I think number 2 W 32nd St) there is a cheap internet cafe on the 2nd floor of that building. I could go on about how fabulous NYC is but this is a hotel rating website.....	
Apr 20 2005	7. New York Trip	We stay at Red Roof Inn for 4 days. The Location from the Hotel is great, the Hotel and the Room was very clean. The continental breakfast was good. My wife and i have hat a great time in New York and the hotel made our Trip more comfortable.	
Apr 14 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	I booked 2 rooms at the Red Roof Manhattan, as I was travelling with 3 senior ladies over the age of 75 (my mum, and 2 aunts from England). The front desk staff were very friendly...upgraded the rooms so that he could put us next to each other. Both rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. Breakfast was more than we expected -- donuts, bagels, toast, oatmeal, cold cereal, fruit, juice. It is an old, renovated building so unfortunately the elevators were very slow. The only complaint I would have is that everyday I spoke to the concierge for information on sightseeing, and only one of them was friendly. The others weren't interested once they knew I wouldn't be booking anything with them. The hotel is in a great location, on W32nd between 5th Ave and Broadway, and there is lots to do within walking distance. I highly recommend the 48 hour hop-on, hop-off bus tour, and the free ferry ride to Staten Island (takes an hour and goes by the Statue of Liberty, while giving a great view of Manhattan skyline). The room rates were also much cheaper than anywhere else.	
Apr 12 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	My husband and I stayed at the Red Roof Inn for five nights in November and were very pleased. I was a little leery when I made the booking as I had stayed at another hotel in the same area a few years prior for a much higher rate and ended up being given a horrible, dirty room. I took a chance based on the reviews on this site and the location and am I ever glad I did. With our AAA discount the room averaged about $140 US a night (which was about $60 a night less than most of the other hotels I was considering)The room and bathroom was large, clean and pleasantly decorated. Not being a huge breakfast eaters, the included breakfast of bagels and fruit was perfect to tide us over until lunch. The only probelm - if you can call it that - was that the ice maker on our floor was super noisy. We solved that problem by unplugging it on our way back to our room in the evening and plugging it back in when we went for breakfast. We are planning on returning to New York this fall and will definately stay here again.	
Apr 9 2005	Perfect for Paddy's Day!!	We stayed at the Red Roof Inn for the week March 12 - 19, as we were there for St Patrick's Day, and would definately recommend this bargain hotel to anyone visiting New York!! We read up on tripadvisor as we were told that you can get a small room for a lot of money in New York, so based on the reviews for the Red Roof thought we'd give it a go. Our room was clean and tidy, serviced every day, located at the back of the hotel on the 16th floor so was nice and quiet. What more could you want? We were however disappointed with the breakfast room as it was simply too small for the number of guests in the hotel, so went up 5th Ave to a cafe each morning (the Oxford Cafe I think) - perfect!! And for those after the Irish pubs they're all on 2nd and 3rd Ave around 32nd and up so was not too far to stagger home after the parade parties :) and perfect for Macy's, Times Square and of course the Empire State Building! All in all a bargain if you want to be assured of a clean hotel with standards above its 2 star rating. romas and Colleen	
Apr 8 2005	Excellent hotel for the price!	After reading a lot of reviews on this site I finally decided to book a room in the Red Roof Inn for my trip to New York City (March 25th - April 1st). I was a bit apprehensive at first because it’s still only a two-star hotel, but I really wasn’t disappointed, not at all.In short: the hotel was great value for money. We booked a room with two double beds and by New York standards the room was quite large. It had two excellent beds, a desk, a fridge, coffee maker and microwave, a big screen TV with cable and an adequately sized bathroom. Iron, iron board and hair dryer were also provided. The complimentary wireless Internet worked perfectly and was a really nice thing to have. Maid service was good: the room was cleaned thoroughly every day.The hotel’s location was very good. Only a few blocks from Penn Station, close to Broadway and Times Square and several subway stops nearby. Complimentary breakfast was nice: fresh bagels and donuts were served every morning in a - somewhat cramped - separate breakfast room.Staff were generally very friendly and helpful, with some exceptions (one of the breakfast guys was a bit grumpy in the morning). And while we’re at the downside anyway: the elevators are slow. Think of “slow”, multiply by ten and you’ll have the kind of slow I’m talking about here. It isn’t much of a problem, however - except at breakfast time when the elevator literally has to stop at every single floor. But that’s really the only gripe I had with this hotel; on the whole I really enjoyed my stay. I definitely will consider staying here again, and I’d recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to travel to New York and is on a budget.	
Apr 5 2005	perfect hotel !	stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the 9th of April. I was rather apprehesive, but was most pleasently surprised! Room was a nice size, bathroom clean and large, large tv, complimentary breakfast and perfect location. Staff was pleasant and most effecient.	
Mar 30 2005	Great stay over Easter	We were a party of 8 : 2 forty-something mums, 2 thirty something friends and 19, 17. 13 and 11 year olds.We booked well in advance to get 4 twin bedded rooms and were delighted with price, location, quality and value.The complimentary breakfast was a big hit and the central location meant we never waited more than a couple of minutes for cabs/had lots of sights &amp; shopping in easy walking distance.PS - a small tip: if you are going in a large group like ours - a limo costs about the same as two taxis and you get extra comfort and a free bar!	
Mar 30 2005	Book It!!!!	Visited this hotel for 10days in Nov 2004. Everything about this hotel was perfect - location, staff, room, cleanliness, breakfast!! Had looked at every hotel possible in every price range before booking. It was definitely worth all the effort because I think I picked the perfect place.Our room was HUGE! Thought all rooms in NYC were supposed to be tiny! Huge king size bed, microwave, fridge, tv and loads of storage space for all the shopping!!! Had asked for a view of empire state if possible and didnt get it but had a view of chrysler building which was lovely! Cant recommend this hotel highly enough. Definitely will stay there again on next trip to NYC.	
Mar 28 2005	Great deal in midtown Manhattan	I saw a few 3 star hotels that were far less desirable than this 2 star bargain. Size was plenty big for 2 of us with a King bed and adequate bathroom. Staff was friendly as they needed to be, but more importantly, rooms were cleaned thoroughly on a daily basis. Could get to all areas of Manhattan within a matter of minutes via subway, or walking distance to Times Square/Theatre District and any spot in midtown. There are better neighborhoods to be sure, but half the fun of visiting New York is the exploration of different areas and neighborhoods. Who really stays within a 10 block radius of their hotel in NYC? Will not hesitate to stay here upon my return trip.	
Mar 23 2005	stayed here 5 -8 march. excellent hotel	We were going to stay at one of the Hilton hotels, but after reading the reviews decided against it and booked at the red roof instead. I,m glad we did. This hotel is excellent, Our room was on the 16th floor and although there was some building work going on next door, we could,nt hear it. The staff are friendly and the doorman helpfull. The rooms are on the small side,avoid those ending in 10, but for 3 adults it was more than adequate and the rooms are cleaned and beds made daily. We paid £245 for the 3 nights, about half the cost of the Hilton and booked directly with the hotel via it,s web site ------The location is fantastic. Empire state building and Macys are less than 5 mins walk. Times squre about 10 mins walk as is Penn street station. The tour bus ( highly recommended ) stops right outside The Empire state building.Breakfast is a bit on the small side, but with a lot of deli,s and good restaurants all around the hotel this wasnt a problem.We are definetly going back to NY and we would give this hotel 6 * if we could.	
Mar 17 2005	A great deal in midtown Manhattan	We paid $113.00 AAA rate during our stay from March 1st through the 7th. Ive stayed at many 4 star and 5 star properties in Manhattan and chose to stay here for we werent going to be in our room much this stay. It stated that it was a 2 star property. I would give it a solid 3 stars. Where in Manhattan do u get a complimentary continental breakfast. It was great..Great New York Bagels, terrific donuts, my waist thanks you! Hot oatmeal, juice, some fresh fruit, coffee, tea, milk and juice..Just what we needed. Theres a bar on the mezzanine level. The property has a small gym to keep u in shape. The location is terrific. Its midtown which is smack in the middle of all of the subways. You are a couple of blocks from the eastside 4,5,and 6 trains, 1 block from the 5th ave line which is the N,R,Q, and W and a few more blocks you get to Penn station where the west side lines are 1,2,3,9,A,C and E.. One block from Macys. Close to restauarants. The room was fine . It had a king bed and a desk. Local calls to the 212 area code are free. Thats unheard of in New York. Decent size bathrooms, iron and board and cable TV. Coffee maker in the room too....Worth the money and I would recommend it to anyone who is on a budget but doesnt have to sacrifice...	
Mar 15 2005	Our apprehension was totally unwarranted	This Red Roof Inn located at 6 W. 32nd Street was exactly what we wanted. We stayed in a room with two double beds, and the room was larger than most NYC hotels in this price range. The room was not fancy, but clean and comfortable. It was not old and dingy. The only objectionable part was there was a little grime around the doorknob on the bathroom door, but that was easily taken care of with a wet wipe! Upon check in, the desk attendant gladly offered us a room with a small (clean) refrigerator and microwave when we told her it was a special mother/daughters weekend celebrating a 40th birthday. It was early December, and the refrigerator came in handy for holiday treats, wine, cheeses, leftover food items, and milk for coffee. There were 4 women in the room, and we never felt terribly cramped, but we are all seasoned travelers, and very agreeable regarding sharing space and shower rotations. The continental breakfast consisted of several different breads for toast, English muffins, bagels and condiments, orange juice, coffee, milk, oatmeal, and fresh bananas and apples. We were glad we had taken our own healthy cereal for variety, and we used the milk from the breakfast room. You cannot beat the price or location for accomodations. The hotel staff was professional, and we felt like they would have fixed any problems, had we encountered any. We are eager to try one of the three sister hotels in this Apple Core chain on our next visit, but we might just stay here again, because we know it's a good deal.	
Mar 15 2005	Last Time....	Have stayed once before so I thought I knew what to expect. The late check in was painless and curt and at first glance the room seemed satisfactory and clean. But soon the smell of some cleaning solution became very noticeable. The next morning my face was puffy and my eyes were swollen. I went outside in search of a newspaper and noticed that in the 15 minutes that I was out of the room, the symptoms were dissipating. Upon returning to the room the symptoms began to reappear. Perhaps I have a sensitivity or allergy to that cleaner, but the odor was pungent like too much cheap perfume!The internet kiosk in the lobby was not working and the concierge was unaware and indifferent as were were the night desk clerks. I would not return if the room was complimentary, but for others without the sensitivity I just described, the room is overpriced. It might be a Manhattan value at around $130-140 tops...but for almost $200 per night it is out of line. I moved to a 4 star hotel in the Midtown east section of the city for $35 more per night and it was more than worth it!	
Mar 11 2005	Not bad	The only reason this hotel is getting a 4 is because of its price and location. Put this hotel anywhere else and it would be a 2 or a 3 at best. For the price the hotel is excellent, and its locations is great. Its only 2 blocks from the Empire State Building, a short walk from the subways station and Times Square. Its located in Korea Town so there's lots of Asian restaurants near by if you like that kinda stuff. Lots of good cheap ones and some really good expensive ones. As for the hotel itself, its VERY clean. The price again is great but the cleaning service is more then excellent. The rooms were always cleaned by the time we got back. The contineltal breakfast room was also very clean, but very small which makes it very busy. The hotel does have some problems like no working ice machines on any floor, which was rather irritating. The elevators were VERY slow and there's no way to use the stairs. We were on the 15th floor and tried to get to the lobby from it but the stairs lead to the staff area. We later asked the front desk how to get to the lobby from the stairs he said you couldn't. Overall the hotel is great again because of price and location, so if you don't mind not having the perfect hotel staying here is a sure bet. I definately would consider staying agian, adn I&quot;m sure you will to if you stay here.	
Mar 9 2005	Great Room Great Price	I stayed here from Feb. 16 - 23. The first night I was in a room with a drain and a heating problem. The next day I spoke to the front desk, and they moved me to a room down the hall, and still facing the Empire State Building (as per my request). This is where I stayed the rest of the week. The hotel is one block from the subway. Two blocks (barely) from Macy's. I was in NYC to see The Gates of Central Park, friends, and see some Broadway shows. The hotel was convenient for daily treks to Central Park or anywhere else. A friend staying at the Pennsylvania Hotel much preferred my room at the Red Roof. The room was cleaned throughout the stay. Really no complaints, except the beds are a tad hard and the pillows are very mediocre. I can live with that though, especially in exchange for a much needed vacation to NYC at a good price. Thanks, Red Roof!	
Mar 2 2005	Excellent for the price	Stayed there 3 times so far, at around $130+TAX, which can be ordered through the internet.Rooms are clean, relatively new, and equipped (table and two chairs in a 2-star hotel are not so common, not to mention the electric kettle). Bathroom is in a very good shape, and there is a lot of place near the sink to put your personal stuff on. The rooms I had were also quiet (facing little Korea), at the cost of an always closed window.Staff is OK - handled my requests without any problem.The breakfast is very basic (toast, apples, bananas, tea and coffee). The gym is also a basic one, but it was never crowded at nights, and the equipment was in good condition.The only major problem I had was with the elevators - there are only 2 for the whole hotel, and they tend to be over-crowded, slow or under repair.	
Feb 26 2005	Good hotel -- reasonable price	I have stayed at this hotel several times and find it is a very good value. A room at $99 in NYC city usually has a problem, but not at Red Roof. There is nothing fancy here but the rooms look new, and are nicely kept. It is quiet. If you are arriving by train, it is walking distance from Penn Station -- just two long blocks from the 7th Ave/32nd St exit of Penn Station. It is also close to the subways and to many tourist sites(Empire State Building) and shopping (Macy's, 5th Ave, and speciality shops). There are many Korean restaurants in the block of the hotel--some are open 24 hrs. Free breakfast is good -- bagels, donuts, oatmeal (no cold cereal), bananas and apples. Opens at 7am. Other nearby coffee shops open earlier. Bar has high priced drinks -- try some where else in the neighborhood. Some front desk staff were more helpful than others.	
Feb 22 2005	A great place to rest our weary legs!	We really enjoyed the Red Roof Inn. For a low cost hotel, it had everything we were looking for, it was clean, it was close to the subway, it was quiet, and the price quoted $99.00 per night was what we paid. When we first arrived we were shown to a room that was tiny! I went back to the front desk and was immediately given a much better room on a higher floor ( try to stay out of the rooms that end in 10) The breakfast room was well stocked and busy, it allowed a great opportunity to meet fellow travellers. Although the front desk staff were not overly friendly the rest of the staff were wonderful. We are hoping to return to NY in April and will definately book back into the Red Roof.	
Feb 7 2005	Great Hotel	My husband and I have just arrived back from a week in NYC. We had originally reserved a room at the Hotel Pensylvania but after reading the reviews here we changed our minds and booked the Red Roof Inn Manhattan. We were really glad that we did, it was an excellent hotel - really good value for money. The rooms were small but spotlessly clean and serviced every day. The location was really really great, our room looked out on the Empire State Building and with the subway close by you could get to anywhere in the city quickly. The complimentary breakfast was great - doughnuts, bagels, toast, fruit, coffee, tea, porridge and fruit juice. The food was really fresh and the buffet was kept well stocked. The staff were nice and helpful. Its not the Four Seasons so don't expect a top class hotel, but its everything you need and the price is very reasonable. There are so many ways to spend your money in New York - it really doesn't make sense to waste it on a hotel that you won't spend much time in anyway. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I will definitely be going there again.	
Feb 6 2005	General manager and front desk attendant very rude	I had several problems with the drains in the bathroom room and the heating system not working. The GM was very unprofessional and rude. The concierge appeared to be dressed like she was going to a nightclub, and not so helpful. However, my rate was $100. The room was clean and had a very good central location. The hotel is privately owned so I got no where when I tried to report the hotel for bad service......If you are good at ignoring rude people..........it's a pretty good deal.	
Feb 1 2005	The Red Roof Inn? YES!	When I saw &quot;Red Roof Inn&quot; in the reviews, all I could think of was that ubiquitous Motel with the giant Red Roof. But I trusted my TripAdvisor pals and took a chance. And it was far better than we expected. The location was great. The room was actually a very decent size. Tehre was plenty of hot water. We needed 2 beds so we had to get the smoking room. The room didn't even have a hint of smoke smell in it! The hallways did have a slight smokey smell, but nothing offensive. The room was clean. The hotel staff was Very friendly and helpful. The price was very reasonable and even included a continental breakfast! In January we paid about $126 including taxes. And breakfast! I hope this place stays the same b/c we'll be back.	
Jan 31 2005	Excellent value!	For the price, this hotel was amazingly nice. Stayed here three times, in three different rooms over the course of a few weeks. Each room was spotlessly clean, of decent size and pleasantly decorated. The front desk staff and concierge could be a bit more friendly, but overall were acceptably helpful. I would recommend this hotel to others who were looking for an economical choice in Manhattan and will stay here again on my next visit to the big apple.	
Jan 17 2005	Comfortable and Spacious Rooms The photos don't lie	I stayed on this hotel for two weeks on late November. I read all the reviews and compared all the prices and locations. I gave it a shot. The location is good. The service is acceptable (don't expect Disney's hospitality on Manhattan). The rooms are clean and big almost spotless. The beds are big and very comfortabel. Look at the pictures on their website they don't lie, trust me. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Use their website to make reservations its easy and fast its user-friendly.	
Jan 9 2005	Exellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 days between Christmas and New Year 04. It was absolutely great. The location was first class, the staff were polite and helpful, the room was a good size and clean, the bar was small but cozy and the breakfast had something for everyone. Will definitely go back next time I visit NYC.	
Jan 9 2005	Excellent accomdations for the price	We spent 2 nights in this hotel. The room was small but clean and included a microwave, refridgerator, hair dryer, ironing board and iron. We were also able to order a roll away bed. There was a working TV with cable. There was even a working alarm clock. All that for $123/night. I don't think you can do any better in NYC, right near Times Square.	
Jan 7 2005	Great Location and very good quality for the price	While the Red Roof Inn will never be confused with the Four Seasons, the hotel is very clean, comfortable, and the rooms are nice sized. The bathrooms are full sized and each room has a hair dresser and wireless internet.The people in the lobby were very easy to deal with. The breakfast was coffee, orange juice, bagels, apples, and oatmeal. A very quick grab on the way out.The health club had three cardio machines.I would stay at this hotel again and would not have a problem recommeding it to people.	
Jan 6 2005	spacious rooms new and clean	We stayed here for christmas week and loved the service and location. It was not in the thick of things so you could get away from the crowds. The rooms were large and huge bathrooms that were just remodeled. There was some construction work right outside our window so you might bring a headset for the early morning. There was parking a block away you had to park yourself but you get a discount staying at the hotel. The breakfast was great, oatmeal, bagels, donuts, fruit and juice. The only problem was the size of the eating area. We learned to get down there before 8 to avoid the elevator traffic jams. The street is Little Korea so we took advantage of an authentic Koren meal one night. I would stay here again.	
Dec 13 2004	EXCELLENT!	my mam and i stayed here for 4 nights starting on the 1st dec and we loved it. the rooms were huge, very clean and we had a great view of the empire state building. we had maid service every day we were there. the receptionists were friendly, and the girls selling tours in the lobby area were great! complimentary breakfast consisted of fruit &amp; fruit juice, tea &amp; coffee, toast, bagels, doughnuts &amp; porridge. it was kept well stocked.the hotels location is fab! just around the corner from macys &amp; empire state building. there is a subway station just at the end of the street. hoewever we actually walked from central park back to the hotel!i will def be staying here again next year!	
Dec 13 2004	Brilliant Location for the family!	Me, my brother and my mum and dad stayed here sharing a room for my 18th Birthday. It was plenty big enough except the beds were rather small, our view consisted of the construction of a building, but this did not bother us as we were up early anyway and by the time we were back they had gone. (It was quite interesting to watch them work anyway!) We thought the soundproofing of the rooms was really good because we hardly heard anything that was going on outside. Even during the day when we went up to our room to drop stuff off we could hardly hear any of the hustle and bustle outside.Location was excellent for us, we couldnt fault it, really close to Macys, The Empire state building and the metro. Breakfast was ok, quite basic but nice! We found shopping early to be the answer to beat crowds as they get really busy in the afternoon and evening. Century 21 nr. ground zero is def worth a visit . Some electrical shops are closed friday pm and saturdays.We found walking the best way to get around, took us about 10-15 mins to get to Times Square and about 25 mins to get to central park (i recommend the ice-skating). We went to watch Christmas spectacular at radio city, this was really good!We found eating out to be different as everything is disposable and on the move!New york was amazing, had to buy an extra suitcase to fit all our new goodies in! Have a great time!	
Nov 12 2004	Excellent Choice for Low Budgets	Description:Excellent service by front desk. Staff are extremely helpful and polite. Rooms are clean on check-in although there will not be room service (someone to make up room) througout your stay. I shared a double bed room with 2 others and space was sufficient even with our large baggages. Of course this is a budget hotel, don't expect Hilton-style rooms! However our room was close to the ice-machine and disrupted our sleep 1st night whenever it dispensed ice or made new cubes. Problem solved by unplugging the unit. Breakfast included but a simple buffet spread of just cold muffins, cold danish pastries and coffee/tea.Unique Qualities:Great views from higher floors 15th storey and up. Excellent front-desk service. Great strategic location within walking distance to a metro station (34th Street), Times Square, Rockefella Centre, Theatre District and many many eating places! We even walked to Central Park. Not a widely-promoted hotel, stumbled upon it by accident, but were we glad! Shared room with 2 friends, one German one French. All of us from different cultures and very satisfied with the hotel. Would definitely return when in the area.Prices:US$40-80	
Oct 28 2004	Superb service superb location superb staff	From the very moment I booked the room(s) I knew I was on to a winner. The reservations line advisor, Victor, was an angel. He managed to work the boookings so that we were able to stay in the hotel all through the stay despite the hotel being fully booked. Yes I had to move rooms twice but it was a very minor inconvenience to keep the whole party of 5 together.The rooms were very clean and functional. The bathroom suites were exceptionally clean - typical hotel bath, not very deep, but I prefer to shower after a long day walking round Manhattan Island - clean sheets every day, sounds like a silly thing to say, but if you're used to English hotels then you'll know what a novelty this is.Breakfast was simple and filling. Bagels, oats (porridge), lots of fruit juice, fresh fruit, tea coffee.The staff were amazingly helpful, especially during the two minor emergencies we had during the stay. The hotel is less than spitting distance from 5th Avenue and the Empire State Building. Manhattan Mall and Macy's are only 5 minutes away. Madison Square Garden less than 10 minutes away.At only around $200 (115 GBP) per night for two adults and two children to stay this close to the centre of New York, I really can't recommend this hotel enough.Get your booking in early though as it fills up very quickly.When I go back to New York to visit all the places I missed the first time, I will definitely be booking this place again.	
Oct 10 2004	Great Value Good Service CLEAN	Our first trip to the big apple and I was scared booking a hotel online. However I was so plesantly suprised by The Red Roof Inn Manhattan. It was affordable, clean, service was wonderful, they could not have been nicer. The room was a bit small but by New York standards very adaquate. A nice king size bed, dresser, desk, chairs, I didn't feel cramped even after staying a week. Excellent free breakfast every day. Very Clean and everything worked well. I was very pleased and we plan on staying there again. Not far from Macy's department store, sub way or buses. A great vlaue. Save your money and stay at The Red Roof Inn.	
Oct 2 2004	Great value for money.........	Great location near to Empire Sate, Macy's and Time Square. Safe area in 'Little Korea'. Clean rooms, internet access in room, really nice hotel. Breakfast ok but on 2nd floor, so be prepared to use the lifts.....you'll see what I mean !Also great location, as it's so close to the Empire State, you can use it to navigate back to your hotel wherever you are in Manhattan !!!	
Sep 26 2004	good value for your dollar	My sister and I stayed at this property from September 18-24. It was our first visit to New York. We found this hotel to be very clean, quiet, the staff accommodating and helpful, and the location great. The free breakfast in the morning was a perfect way to start the day - fresh fruit, bagels, donuts, oatmeal, toast, coffee, juice - all you need to get going in the morning. Be warned though that the breakfast room is very busy and sometimes you have to wait for a table. They also close PROMPTLY at 10:00 am.We had a double-bed room on the 6th floor. Rooms are clean, beds were comfortable however the rooms are VERY small. Absolutely no place to store your luggage. I would not recommend these rooms for any more than 2 people. We asked for extra pillows and our request was looked after immediately. There are only 2 elevators and they were really slow when busy but nothing to be overly concerned about.Subway station is within half a block and the best way to get around the city. We were leery at first of taking it but the people in NY were very helpful and we had no problems getting around after the first couple of times of using it. Cab drivers are CRAZY so we opted to use the subway wherever possible. With the hotel being on Korea street, there aren't many American restaurants closeby - there is a Burger King and Wendys just up the street and around the corner though for a quick meal.Hotel is really close to Macys (a great place to shop) and about a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Take the double decker bus tour around the city - a great way to see all the sites. Don't ask the concierge to book a Broadway show for you - they charge an extra $20 per ticket. Much cheaper just to call Ticketmaster and do it yourself.I would not hesitate to stay here again on my next visit to New York.	
Sep 10 2004	we liked it!	Just came back of 7 nights vacation in NYC. we stayed at the &quot;red roof&quot; in a 2 double bed room. the hotel is located in a nice and &quot;full of life&quot; area, just 2 steps away from 5th ave., Empire State Building, 34th st and more. and that means good location! it's close to the subway, the bus, PENN station, to good restaurants. Other than that. the room was really nice and big (ours was the biggest on the floor according to a map of the floor that was next to the elevators). The bath and toilet were clean and have been cleaned daily. we had a refrigerator, microwave and a coffee machine inside the room.The breakfest was small but good for us, as it saved us money... (everything in new york is expensive...).And yes, as others wrote here before, 2 elevators are not enough, but we don't think it's a good enough reason for not choosing this hotel.If you are looking for a nice modest hotel, with great location, this hotel is for you. I would certainly stay in this hotel the next time i'm in NYC.	
Sep 8 2004	Adequate	Stayed one night in May 04 (our main hotel were booked out that night and booked us in). We had no problems with cleanliness and even though we were forced to share a bed (no twins left) as mother and daughter the bed was so huge that we still slept well. Be warned make sure you get to breakfast well before it finishes - they clear everything away bang on the dot of closing time. Great location for Empire State Building and Maceys less dining opportunities however though we had an enjoyable if different Korean meal in the same streeet	
Aug 24 2004	Stay away from this one!	The best way to describe this property is grungy. Will never stay again. Found a cockroach in the bed. Very rundown. Not the Red Roof quality we are accustomed to in other areas.	
Aug 12 2004	Good value - great location	We had originally booked a different chain hotel and changed it just before our trip after reading an article in the Telegraph. We are so glad we did. We reserved two rooms as we are a family of 5 with 3 teenaged children. The hotel was ideally situated close to subway, Times Square and Empire State Building. It was very clean and appeared to have been refurbished. The rooms were not as large as others we stayed in, but for NY we were pleasantly surprised. Although we had requested a King and one with 2 doubles, we wanted to be adjacent to the children so opted for 2 rooms with 2 doubles. One of the rooms was slightly larger with a fridge and microwave. The rooms were cleaned daily, towels replaced daily and tea/coffe maker in each room replenished. Although there was construction outside we did not notice any noise. Breakfast was better than we expected with bagels, doughnuts, fruit, toast, juice, coffee/tea and oatmeal cereal. We paid $106 per room per night in August - great value! We used the hotel to book theatre tickets and pick up for the airport and got good seats and prompt service.	
Aug 2 2004	Be careful	I chose the Red Roof Inn Manhattan after getting some information from other reviews. I have often stayed at Red Roof Inns, and had a Loyalty Certificate (free night's stay) which I was (supposed to) be able to use there. We were booked for two nights. Days before my trip, I suffered a serious car accident, and could not go. My girlfriends could still go, so I sent them with a letter stating the events that had occurred, sent my credit card, etc., and thought that it should be honored considering the circumstances. Not only did they not allow use of the certificate, they charged my friends almost DOUBLE the rate of the second night (about $190.00 on a Monday night, original price should have been $102.00) Because my friends were weary from the travel, they did not search out an alternate location. The people at the desk were very rude to them. When I spoke to Red Roof representative directly afterwards, the lady I spoke to was sympathetic, but explained that this particular hotel is franchise owned, so basically, they go by their own rules. Not a customer service oriented property.	
Jul 30 2004	GOOD VALUE FOR THE MONEY	I read many, many reviews before making this reservation. Because there were 5 of us I had to take 2 rooms but because the rates were reasonable to begin with it still was a good deal. The hotel was very clean with newly decorated rooms. They were decent in size, very comfortable, and quiet (except for some construction below, which they can't control, but it wasn't bad.) The continental breakfast was very good and free! The location was also very good, near the Empire State Building and subway station. We felt very safe. Just a note to other travelers. We had never taken a subway before and I was very leary. However, once we figured it out (there was a ticket agent at each station to tell us what train to take) it was a very fast and inexpensive way to get around. We also felt safe on the subway, although we did not take it late at night. Back to the hotel. My only complaint about this hotel would be that when I made my reservation I requested 3 things: my 2 rooms needed to be next to each other, I wanted to be high up and I wanted an Empire State Bld. view. When we checked in none of those requests had been honored. They were able to give me 2 rooms next to each other but couldn't get me any higher than floor 8 and our view was of a construction site. The management didn't seem to care too much. However, this was really minor and the hotel was very nice. I would stay again.	
Jul 16 2004	We Love This Place!	We have stayed at this property many times over the past two years. Everytime we think about staying somewhere else...we ask ourselves &quot;Why?&quot; The price is great ($89 per night this last trip), you're just steps from several major bus and subway lines, the rooms are VERY clean and most are a decent size, the breakfast room is also spotless with everything replenished as needed, pleasant staff, convenient to Penn Station...and the list goes on. No, it is not a five star hotel. But if you want a nice, convenient, safe and economical place to stay in this fabulous city, look no further. (Some other cost saving ideas: (1) Consider getting the transportation pass. It's great to be able to pop on and off the bus or subway as the spirit moves you. (2) The parks along the Hudson in lower Manhatten are interesting, relaxing and free. (3) Have a weekday lunch at LaCucina in the CitiGroup building on Lexington at 53rd. Fabulous salad bar. (4) Hit some of the Indian restaurants on Lexington around 27th. (5) Use that transportation pass to go out to Brighton Beach. Sample Russian cafeteria food at the International, downstairs for more variety and upstairs for the outside eating area. Great desserts and beer selection, too.)	
Jul 12 2004	Clean rooms new hotel daily maid service	We stayed here for three nights.Four adults in a room with two double beds.I would definitely stay there again.Pros:1) Clean rooms.2) Excellent Maid service daily, it helps especially if you are four adults in a small two double bed room. Bed was made and we got new towels everyday, very nice.3) Breakfast - decent compimentary breakfast, dining room was better than average.4) Person in the lobby to ask directions and get dicounted tickets etc.5) Good location for subways and PATH train.Cons:1) Koran restaurants nearby, if you do not like the smell of food being cooked, then it is a con.	
Jun 30 2004	Cramped for 4 people	2 adults and 2 kids + luggage = a VERY crowded room. No complaint on service nor cleanliness, though. Bathroom layout is pretty poor.... you have to get off the potty to reach toilet paper holder, or as we did, just didn't use that roll and set one on the floor... too much info?? sorry, but that's the way it was in our room. Hotel claimed Free wireless web access, but our 2 laptops couldn't get online. Hotel waived dial-up fees for us. Other hotels we stayed at on this vacation did have working wireless connections, so if you are desiring hi-speed connection, I don't recommend this hotel. Jackhammers were constant, as well, next door, but frankly, I was too tired to let that bother me. Oh, and one more thing... the A/C is either on or off... no in between. You either freeze or boil, as the windows don't open in our room. Parking was down the street in a garage which wasn't too inconvenient, as weather was great, but if rain/snow are in the forecast, that'd be another strike against this property if you are driving your own car.	
Jun 30 2004	Good for the price but dont expect anything that special	I stayed here for 4 days in May and was fairly satisfied with the stay.Pros:Location, Price, King Bed, clean decent appearance, free wireless internet, view of the empire state.Cons:SLOW elevator, paper thin towels, bad TP, crazy toilet flush issue, free breakfast inedible. Also, my trip was delayed by one day because of the collapse of terminal 2E in Paris. I called the hotel immediately to let them know but since I was not calling 48 hours in advance they charged me for the room for that night. I feel that considering the circumstances they should have waved the rule and not charged me. They suggested I take it up with Air France.	
Jun 29 2004	Great price and great location!	This was a great location and for a great price especially for midtown Manhattan! They give additional discount for AAA membership! Hotel was very clean and well maintained, staff was helpful, complementary breakfast was a real plus! I picked this hotel based on the price and the reviews I read here and they were accurate. We could walk so many places(an easy walk to and from theaters/Times Square ), catch the subway or use the Grayline tour bus, all of which I recommend. Would I stay here again?....in a New York minute! Can't wait to go again!	
Jun 28 2004	I will be staying there again! Great location!	I read all the complaints about the hotel, but I really didn't find anything wrong with it. Free wired and wireless internet service, a big plus if your are an internet fanatic. Got to have that email. TV was good room was plently large enough. How much time do you spend in a room in NYC. Overall I was very pleased for the price. Close to Penn Station and subway lines. I will stay here again.	
Jun 22 2004	Location and value!	We stayed for 3 nights from 6/15 to 6/18. There was major construction going on 31st St., so make sure to request a room on a higher floor to avoid the noise. Room size is small, but it's o.k. for NYC standard. The location is 2 blocks away from the Empire State Bldg. which is the bus stop for the Gray Line double deck tour bus. We purchased the Two Day Pass for the All Loops Tour, and had a great time.The hotel is located in the heart of korea town, best suited for oriental food lovers. The complimentary breakfast serves donuts, bagels, toast, and oatmeal. You have to try their cappucino, it is so good. The only complaint that I have is the towels and sheets were old (worn out). Overall, it is very convienent and reasonable priced for NYC. 	
Jun 3 2004	Great Value	Stayed for 3 nights in May 2004. Great location (steps from the Empire State Building, walking distance to Times Square). Very clean, new rooms and large room size (for New York City standards). Great korean/japanese restaurants on the same block.	
May 26 2004	Good value but some quirks	I stayed here for a weekend and found it to be a good value for New York City. It wasn't cheap, but compared to the other hotels I looked into it wasn't bad. Pros:-Excellent location, right in Little Korea, two blocks from the Empire State building and a stone's throw from the theatre district.-Clean, modern building, and no worries about cockroaches or other such unwelcome guests.-Validated parking is &quot;only&quot; $24 per 24 hours (which is a fortune but I suppose is cheap for NYC)-The hotel is set back from the street, and very quiet at night. We were on the second floor and I was worried about street noise but we didn't hear anything. Higher floors must have a great view of the Empire State Building.-Included breakfast. Gotta love it. Sure, it's not much, but hey, most hotels offer nothing at all.Cons:-Someone mentioned the odd bathroom configuration. I have to agree. Why they would put the toilet handle on the inside, next to the sink counter, is beyond me. It makes it extremely difficult to flush. And the toilet paper is very far from the toilet. Sure these are minor annoyances but they could have easily been avoided.-The air conditioning doesn't work on a thermostat, so you can either leave it on (very cold) or off (very warm), it doesn't adjust.-We got a room with 2 double beds for 4 people, but like a lot of NYC hotels, the &quot;double&quot; beds were really just 3/4 beds which were really too small for two people to sleep in comfortably. Rooms were smallish also, though not overly so for New York.-The desk staff weren't particularly friendly, though they weren't rude or anything. Just not really warm and fuzzy.-Two slow elevators for 17 floors? Not cool.Would I stay here again? Depends on what other deals I found elsewhere. But come on, how much time do you really spend in the hotel anyway?	
May 19 2004	Great hotel for the price	We stayed at the Red Roof for 3 nights in May and it was exactly what we expected: clean, safe and comfortable. Our room was not large but there was space for the two of us and our luggage, including a desk for the laptop and a free wireless connection. We've stayed at Red Roof Inns in other cities and been happy with them as well. Not much character but predictably comfortable and clean.	
May 16 2004	Great Value for NYC	Great location, clean room, and a great value for NYC. Blocks from subway stations, Penn station, Empire State Bld. Room was quiet (14th floor), but had a faint onion odor in the room probably from all the asian restaurants on that street. Weak shower pressure, but OK. Comfy bed and pillows. The complementary b-fast bar was a nice touch for NYC. Staff was friendly which I wasn't expecting after reading the other reviews. We'll definitely stay there again.	
May 16 2004	Small Room	The room that I stayed in was really small that I did not really have much room to lay my luggage down. There was one king size bed and a TV. I believe the rooms with a desk must have been much bigger and would have probably waited for that room if I was not in a rush to check-in. So, before checking-in, make sure to check the room out first before settling in. I stayed in room 1410 and if you look at the elevator chart of the room, it was the smallest room on the floor, so BE CAREFUL. The other problem I ran into was you can break a finger when flushing the toliet. The knob was so tighly hidden between the sink that u had to really stretch your fingers to flush the toliet. Overall, the bathroom was nice! I would stay here again, but would be careful in which room I would accept.	
May 11 2004	Excellent	stayed here two years ago and planning another trip this year. Would not stay anywhere else. Excellent location and staff friendly and rooms very clean. Continental breakfast was enough and healthy.Would recommend.	
May 8 2004	SERIOUSLY!! Do not consider anywhere else!!	Excellent you couldn't really beat it to be honest!! Again similar to others I stayed here based on reviews from this website. I visited NY with 2 family members and a friend at the end of April 2004 and stayed in the Red Roof Inn and couldn't fault it at all. The rooms were excellent quality, tv, shower, bath, internet access, iron, fridge and even a microwave. Had maid service everyday and had clean towels, everything I asked for and expected I got. Alot of other people I have observed moaned about the room sizes unless mine was completely unique the rooms were superb. I had a room with 2 double beds {Large} in and was completely satisfactory. Breakfast was also brilliant for free, cereal, toast, bagels, juices and fresh fruit, seriously what do people want for free, personally I would have paid a few dollars for the breakfast as it set you up for the day.Staff could have been more friendly but didn't detract from my stay at all. The hotel had a information desk manned till 8pm very helpful and the belboys were also of great assistance. Free safe 24 hr access, and only $5 in cab to Times Square or 20 min walk and 2 mins from Empire SB. Heed advice and stay here, cost me £80 in UK currency or $129 US per night. Don't bother searching elsewhere as u simply will not beat the value and cleanliness of this hotel. Other friends have paid £80 per night per person elsewhere, this price was for my whole room split between four, and their experiences weren't the best. Have already recommended to many friends and aquaintances. Enjoy NY!!!!	
May 5 2004	Good stay here with the kids.	Excellent value this. My wife and I stayed here in 2001 and enjoyed it, and have just stayed again - with two kids this time.Room was clean, comfy and very well equipped with fridge and microwave as well as the telly. Bathroom very clean, sheets changed daily. Friendly staff, other than those on reception.For UK readers, the price worked out at £84 p.n for all four of us (mum, dad and two kids) which compares favourably with London hotels, for example - and you get breakfast here (bagels, doughnuts, fruit, coffee and juice, just fine.But it's the location that is so great - easy walk to Empire State, Time Sq, Macy's, Madison Sq, Flatiron, loads of eats on Fifth Ave and surrounding streets. Subway at the end of the street, same with Post Office. Internet in the lobby. No complaints here, highly recommended.	
Apr 23 2004	Good Solid Value	Based on comments from this site, we spent two nights at the Red Roof Inn. It was a good solid value. The room was on the small side, but very well appointed and quiet. The free breakfast was basic, with no frills, but the staff kept the area clean and well supplied. The best aspect of this hotel is the location, near transportation and Herald Square. If the weather is nice, get a cup of coffee and walk one block to Greeley Square which is a great place to sit in the well landscaped park, read your paper and watch the city.	
Apr 21 2004	cheap comfortable central and a GREAT view thank to the reviews above!	After searching ages I took the advice from the other reviews on tripadvisor.com and booked here. I asked for a top floor Empire state view and thats exactly what we got! Amasing! You can blow a fortune on hotels in New York, save your money and stay here. The room was very clean, the bed very comfortable and the location could not be better. Only down side is that the breakfast is naff but who cares? millions of diners out there anyway... have fun!	
Apr 14 2004	Great NY Hotel	Stayed in the Red Roof in February for 3 nights. Had read the tripadvisor reviews which were mixed but was hopeful. For $109 per night I thought this hotel was fantastic. Great, clean, spacious room. Not noisy. Breakfast was simple but good enough to keep you going until lunchtime. Location was fantastic - Macys, Empire State, MSG lots of bars and restaurants. I will definitely stay again next time I'm in Manhattan.If you're from Ireland and are familiar with Jury's Inns that's pretty much what this place is like.	
Apr 8 2004	Great place	A friend and I stayed at the Red Roof in the fall of 2002 and loved it. The room, although a bit small, was clean the staff were very nice and the location was SPECTACULAR for walking anywhere in NYC. If you are staying in midtown this place can't be beat for the price.	
Mar 8 2004	Great stay!	I stayed here from Feb 26-29 with my mother and sister. After reading all the reviews, I was still hesitant staying here, but once we checked in, we all loved it! Very clean, good sized room that was super quiet. We all felt very comfortable in the neighborhood and ate at quite a few Korean restaurants! FYI - parking is on the corner of 32nd and Broadway - the sign says &quot;Central Parking&quot;. If you miss it, you'll have to circle around again (yes, we missed it) which can take quite a while. Yes, the breakfast was small and yes, the desk staff aren't the most friendly, but the value and the friendliness of the rest of the staff more than made up for it. We will return!!!	
Mar 4 2004	Good Value	Arrived late off the plane (11.00pm) and got our rooms upgraded for no extra charge which was good. The room was fine, clean and as much space as i need. The location of this hotel is excellent, right in the middle of Little Korea, which is right in the middle of manhatten. The reception staff (the women in particular) was very surly and they sounded as if they wanted to top themselves, but at the room rate we were playing it didnt upset us, if you pay peanuts you get monkeys i guess.There are no frills at this hotel but i would highly recommend it for a comfortable, functional stay in the middle of the city.	
Feb 25 2004	Loved the atmosphere	I thought RRI was lovely. The staff were very welcoming and the room was very nice and equiped. When I come back to New York, (hopefully in april) I'm definitely going to stay at Red Roof Inn again.	
Feb 25 2004	Red Roof Inn Manhattan	Neveer having been to NYC, I just blindly chose a hotel to stay in for our 7 day stay. I couldn't have chosen a more perfect place! Red Roof Inn Manhattan is wonderful. It is a basic hotel, low prices, but it is so worth the money, if not more. Our room was clean with a king size bed for me and my honey. The room was an adequate size, especially for NYC. We got lucky that our hotel room looked directly at the ESB, which was one block away. Make sure and ask for a room facing it; it's lovely. The staff were courteous and the bartender at their tiny hotel bar was helpful and fun. The location could not be better too. ESB, Broadway, Times Square, 5th Ave., and the UN are right around the cornors. The hotel is sandwiched between Broadway and 5th, right smack in the middle of Manhattan. I fully and utterly suggest to you to stay at this great establishment. It may be a cookie cutter hotel, but it's the right one for non-NYC travelers. Couldn't have been better!	
Feb 15 2004	Clean comfortablequiet - very nice hotel!	My wife and I stayed in the Red Roof Inn for 5 nights in September of 2003. The hotel is all new and modern, very clean and very comfortable. The staff were great to us, the free breakfast was edible, and the location was very convenient to subways, Amtrak and the Long Island Railway. Lots of restaurants, walking distance to Times Square. We had a blast, and got a great nights sleep in a very quiet and comfortable room. I will definitely stay there next time we go!	
Jan 11 2004	Red Roof Inn: Who says NYC is expensive?	I live down the Jersey Shore and go out with friends from the City every month or so. I always am pissed off when I have to leave early to catch my train and started looking for a place I could stay. I only had 3 requirements: Cheap, Clean, Safe (oh and not extremely out of the way, I mean somewhere in Midtown). The Red Roof meets all three (or 4).After reading reviews on this site and various others (including Travelocity), I noticed that I had never seen a bad review on this place and the price was consistantly cheaper than most. So I stayed at the Red Roof for 1 night on January 10-11. Price was excellent $89, the weather was not it was freezing in the single digits with wind chills below zero, very unusual to get this cold in NYC.Checked in around 7pm, walked from Penn Station, which normally would be ok because the hotel is only 3-4 blocks, however since it was brutally cold the Red Roof seemed like it was 80 blocks away LOL. Recieved room 1610 on the 16th floor. Lobby was nicely decorated and so was the hallways.The room was great, it was really clean and although it was small (not unusal for NYC), it wasn't too small to move around. Didn't have the two chairs like another reviewer stated but WHO CARES. Take turns sitting what do you think the bed is for. Bathroom was clean and a decent size. My only complaint was that the flush for the toilet was hard to reach as it was on the side they should have put it on the front.All in all, it was a great place and an EXTREMELY GOOD value for NYC..Who ever thought you could stay in NYC for $89 at a clean, safe, convienent hotel? The best part is the RediCard Frequent Traveler program, after 5-6 stays in the city ($500 total spent), I'll get a free night.I will definately be back, just don't too many people stay here, I don't want this place to be sold out	
Jan 9 2004	Memorable!!!!	I had booked the Redroof on the Internet two months prior to arriving. I had added additional information that on the day of my arrival I would be arriving late i.e. 11pm and followed this with a phone call to ensure they had received the internet booking.Upon arrival I was told that my room would not be available until the next morning but an alternative room was available without a shower and that I would not be charged for the 1st nights accommodation. The room that I was given was simply a meeting room with two camp beds on the floor! Being so tired I accepted this and had the worst night sleep of my life. The next morning at 7am the bell boy knocked on the door of the room with the keep to my room we should have had.After this the rest of the stay was fine with the location being excellent.I complained about my stay on the Redroof website but have no feedback and would advise people to be wary of this hotel chain.	
Jan 4 2004	Great Stay	Stayed here from 12/31/03-1/3/04 and thought it was excellent! We had a room on the 8th floor next to the elevator, and had no problems with noise during the night! The staff was very helpful. They even let us have a late 1:00 check out on our last day. Area is great, 1 block from Macy's and Empire State Bldg. 2 blocks from Madison Square Garden. Many Subway stops within 2 blocks! I would definetly stay here again.	
Jan 4 2004	Great location and room was fine!	Checked into the hotel and was greeted by a snotty front desk, but the room was wayyyy better than anticipated with all the tales of NY sized rooms. Not large but decent size with great TV (never had time to watch it) comfortable King sized bed, and small but adequate bathroom. Clean as a whistle as they say in Canada. For $109 per nite in September couldn't complain. They recommended a great restaurant that was more than reasonable and had a fabulous Italian meal. The concierge were a little snooty but all in all helpful. Go to Katz's for a pastrami, subway everywhere, and if in doubt ask a local for help they are extemely gracious! First time to NY and won't be our last, great city, great time and excellent accomadations. I would definitely consider the other hotels in the &quot;apple core chain&quot;, if this is representative.	
Jan 4 2004	Good but a smile would not hurt	I stayed at the RRI Manhattan for 3 nights at the end of December. The room rate was very competitive and I had no great expectations. The hotel is conveniently located for public transport. The room was clean, neat and compared with other, more expensive hotels in New York, was value for money. The only negative thing was the very unfriendly staff, especially upon check-in and maybe the small breakfast room, although the complimentary breakfast was good. I think the lack of customer service is a minus for this otherwise good hotel and as other reviews also reflect this, it was not a somewhat bad exception.	
Dec 28 2003	Small and Rude	The Room was very small and shower was bad...The staff is poorly trained and somewhat rude...I got treated better at deli store LOL.If you are really tight on budget and don't mind about service, this is a place to stay...Do yourself a favor. Spend $20 more and stay at better hotel...	
Dec 16 2003	Great For the Price!	I had used this web site to determine where I would stay based upon the reviews I chose this hotel, also because of price. Every other hotel I had selected had much worse reviews and were more expensive! Let me just say this hotel is in an excellent location in terms of shopping, it is just 2 blocks away from the Empire State Bldg, which was outside my window! (very cool view!) It is in a somewhat quiet side street but yet so close to the subway which is only 2 blocks away as well. The staff were very helpful in giving directions and assisting scheduling a cab to pick us up the morning we left. The continental breakfast was not so much to be desired, but it was more then the other hotels offered, which was NOTHING! The room was very clean and when we asked for extra towels, they were given to us each night we were there. I would suggest staying on one of the higher floors, we stayed on the 11th and not near an elevator, they are a bit loud. Next time I come to NYC I will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2003	Clean and neat great location but...	I arrived at the RRI during the snowstorm, on Saturday, 06 Dec 2003. Reception staff were not friendly or welcoming at all. Efficient maybe, but do not even expect a smile from anyone at reception. For the more than $200 per night stay (Saturday night during shoppers weekend) I sure did expect something more. Unfortunately &quot;management&quot; at this hotel do not have a visible &quot;customer survey system&quot;, otherwise I sure would have let them know how I felt about my reception. It may seem trivial, but for a first-time visitor to the &quot;Big Apple&quot;, impressions do seem to last. My room was ample with a King size bed and a working desk. Everything was clean and neat and a haven away from the hustle and bustle of the busy streets outside. I was only on the 6th floor and would recommend that you ask for a higher floor, as the traffic noise from West 32nd Street kept me awake for most of the night. Be aware: Should you need to pay a deposit for telephone calls at reception with CASH, do expect some problems getting any credit balance back. The reception never seem to have any cash on hand, not to give out change nor to cash any travellers cheques (which they offer as a service in their services-brochure). The area in which the hotel is located is quite convenient for transportation (subway and Penn station) and also seems safe. I would recommend this hotel if you can cope with the gripes I had, nothing major, but still quite irritating. Would I stay there again? Maybe...	
Dec 7 2003	better than sleeping in the subway station	The New York Times has higher thread count than the Red Roof's sheets do, so at first glance the subway station may seem like a better hotel. However, the hotel room had a lock, refrigerator, microwave, tv, free wireless internet access, and a coke machine right outside the room. The washcloth provided an excellent skin exfoliant with its sandpaper-like texture. Despite the hotel's web site's claim that this hotel room would have two chairs, ours only had one. My fiance and I had to take turns sitting down. I am using the chair now as I write this review. The wallpaper border was slightly crooked and peeling in places. The heater worked well, but the thermostat did not, so we had to turn the unit off and on often. Compared to other New York City hotels, it is good value for the money, large room, clean, good location, and safe. Our neighbors enjoyed the proximity of neighborhood pizza joints to satisfy their munchies ..., which kept the hallways smelling pine fresh.	
Dec 4 2003	Above average for the price	Spent 4 nights here in November. For price I would definitely recommend it. Fantastic location, clean, safe, adequate breakfast with decent sized rooms. If you want luxury don't expect it but for the money you won't find better. Anyway who comes to New York just to stay in their hotel room ?	
Nov 1 2003	Cheap central and clean!	I did a lot of research on NY hotels and eventually chose the Red Roof for our Oct-03 stay- and we were both very pleased with it. The hotel is well located in a Korean neighbourhood and is within walking distance of Times Square, and Empire State is across the road. The rooms were medium sized and were very clean and tidy. We were on the top (17th) floor and did get some noise from the elevator which was next to our room- I would recommend requesting a room away from this in future. Staff were generally helpful without being overly friendly but for the location and price who cares!	
Oct 30 2003	Good Reviews and Recommendations and got Great Results		
Oct 30 2003	very clean and tidy place to stay		
Sep 27 2003	We will be back!		
Sep 10 2003	Always great!		
Sep 10 2003	Affordable CLEAN! and central !!!		
Aug 17 2003	Perfect for our situation!		
Aug 6 2003	Great Place!!		
Jul 31 2003	Great for a first timer!		
Jun 14 2003	Awesome place...		
May 29 2003	Red Roof - Great Value		
May 29 2003	Au pieds de l'Empire State		
Oct 27 2009 	En couple ? Demandez la 1504 !!		
Oct 16 2009 	Emplacement idéal		
Oct 8 2009	Bon hôtel excellente situation		
Sep 26 2009 	Se non fate caso alla spazzatura per strada questo albergo fà per voi...		
Sep 23 2009 	Zum zweiten Mal sehr zufrieden		
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel muy bien ubicado y buena relacion calidad-precio		
Jun 29 2009 	Senza infamia e senza lode		
Jun 28 2009 	C'è sempre qualcosa dietro...		
May 25 2009 	Da consigliare sicuramente!		
May 8 2009 	satisfaisant		
May 7 2009 	Hotel molto carino in posizione centrale ed economico		
Apr 28 2009 	Hotel economico eccellente		
Apr 8 2009	Hôtel à recommander !		
Mar 22 2009 	Pulito e centrale		
Feb 11 2009 	Buen sitio pero cuidado al llegar		
Jan 15 2009 	un hotel in pieno centro a manhattan!		
Jan 3 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo!		
Dec 1 2008	Una splendida esperienza		
Nov 7 2008 	Buena relacion Calidad / Precio		
Nov 2 2008 	Giudizio positivo		
Oct 12 2008 	tres bon hotel		
Oct 6 2008 	Hotel da consigliare!		
Oct 3 2008 	Excelente situacion		
Sep 27 2008 	Supersache		
Sep 1 2008 	Hotel bien placé		
Aug 19 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Jul 16 2008	Das Red Roof Inn war super!		
Jun 26 2008	Sehr empfehlenswert wenn auch nicht gerade billig...		
Jun 14 2008	Freundlichkeit ist in diesem Hotel ein Fremdwort		
May 3 2008 	Ottimo hotel centrale per visitare NY con un buon rapporto prezzo qualità		
Jan 28 2008	Jederzeit wieder		
Jan 18 2008 	Sehr ordentliches Hotel guter Preis		
Nov 3 2007	großartige Lage - ordentliches Hotel		
Jul 16 2007 	Gute Lage Preis Leistung ok!!		
May 14 2007 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix/emplacement		
Sep 4 2006 	hotel da consigliare		
