Nov 14 2009 	A good hotel in a great location	Having read some of the reviews I was really worried about what this hotel would be like but I needn't have been.The staff were helpful, the room was huge and extremely clean - there were 4 towels in the bathroom and they were changed as often as we wanted. We left our luggage in the secure room in the reception on the day we were due to depart and the staff even offered to organise a taxi for us. There is free internet access so we could check-in on line for our flight. All in all a good hotel in one of the best locations in town. Watch out for special offers, you can get a great price for this hotel	
Nov 12 2009 	more than adequate; less than fabulous	We purchased our room for our sister/cousin getaway on Hotwire, knowing it would be risky trying to get a room with 2 beds but we went for it anyway. Upon learning the hotel name, I called to try to reserve a room with 2 beds and we were unable to, but we were offered a rollaway (for $35/nt). The hotel seemed clean. It was in a great location! There was NO ICE available!! Go figure. But we were there to see the city and spent little time in our room. My sister had been to NYC before and felt that the room was very nice size compared to other places. The rollaway was awful-terribly lumpy, so after 2 nights we complained and asked to a new one and a credit for the first 2 nights which the front desk gladly accomodated. I would stay there again because of the location. Also-I read other reviews about the shower door. It was rather entertaining to shower with 1/2 a shower door. Not sure what is so European about that. I toured Europe a year ago and never saw a shower door like that one. Overall though, if you can get a good rate, it is worth it to stay at Flatotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent	When we first arrived at the hotel (which we booked through www.quikbook.com) our first impressions were good, the hotel looked clean, it appeared modern with low lighting and cool lights. We were impressed. We checked in and one of the receptionist's came across a little rude (although by the end of our stay he had fully redeemed himself by recommending a fantastic restaurant to finish our holiday with).We went up to our room which we were really pleased with, we'd booked a deluxe king and ir definately was, the bed was huge we had lots of space for our clothes, we had a seperate toilet and shower room and a small kitchenette (not sure how good it was as we ate out every night) overall really pleased with our room.We were in a good location, only 5 blocks from Times Square which is like a 5 minute walk from, very handy. There wasn't really much we didn't like about the hotel, overall very pleased.I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Ask for a corner room and you won't be disappointed	As I was taking a shower tonight, I had a sudden pang: I missed the rainfall shower head at the Flatotel. I usually don't take long showers, but the water pressure was so good, I wanted to stay in there all night. But I didn't.When I read the reviews for this hotel, I had a lot of trepidation staying there, but I had no choice. My company had already booked my room. But I did call ahead of time to request a corner room on a higher floor (middle of 44 floors), having no problems going from a king bed to a queen. And I'm glad I did. It was a HUGE room, with plenty of drawers for storage and appealing modern decor, including a chaise sofa and oversize full-length mirror. Also at the front desk, ask for a cord to connect to the free internet (which was fast enough, definitely not as slow as some reviewers have noted).Overall, I think someone at the hotel must have read these reviews, because it seemed like they corrected nearly everything they could! I enjoyed the 3 nights I stayed there and the location, if you're from out of town or if you have meetings near Times Square, is hard to beat.I read about noise issues: no problems with that. Big room in the corner shielded from any disruptive sounds. I walked into a mini-foyer that had a recessed nook for a desk, comfortable (and adjustable) work chair, fridge (set too cold so my water froze, so adjust that before you put anything in!), mini-microwave and electric tea kettle/hotpot.I read about service issues: no problems with that either. My air conditioning was not working properly, so I called for service and they handled it promptly. And soon, it was working well. I also found the staff very professional and friendly.I read about dingy windows: pretty clear views from what I saw, and quite a panoramic view, though most of it are buildings since we are in New York, and in mid-town.I read about the half-shower door, and yes, that's correct, but if you adjust that wonderful shower head, it won't splatter everywhere. I don't know why they use this design - I hear it's not uncommon in European hotels - but it is annoying. It keeps the water from splashing onto the toilet, but again you have to stand pretty close to the wall to keep the water from getting all over the bathroom. There's a big jacuzzi tub in there, so plenty of space, but I wasn't too keen on taking a bath. Didn't have total confidence in the thoroughness of its cleaning. I just didn't get that sense of spotlessness you might get from other higher end hotels. There was also no moisturizer among the bath items, which is a first for me.But the bathroom did have some perks: great little built-in shelves in the bathroom mirror to get your toiletries out of the way and a comfy robe and slippers were hanging on that glass half-shower door.There were some things the hotel could not do much about: only 2 elevators (be prepared for waits) and furniture and walls that have seen better days. I'd advise keeping the lights on low. Better ambience that way anyhow.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Location in Mid-Town Manhattan	Stayed 3 days in NY before a 40th anniversary cruise to New England and Canada. The location is right in the center of mid town Manhattan. Close to Time Square, 30 Rock and lots of very good restaurants. Large spacious king room that was clean and comfortable. A bit pricey but what hotel isn't in Manhattan. The hotel restaurant was only open for breakfast but the food and service were good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic location.	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Flatotel and had a great time. We stayed in a two-bedroomed suite as there were 5 of us altogether, including my 10 month old daughter. Staff were helpful and attentive and no request seemed a problem for them. Rooms were huge for New York standards, if a little dated. I think we were definitely in one of the un-refurbished suites! But on the whole had everything we needed, not to mention one of the best showers I've ever experienced and a very comfortable bed. Location was fabulous, being just a short 5 minute walk to the centre of Times Square and even closer the Central Park, yet quiet enough to be able to get a good night's sleep. Warning - don't eat breakfast at the hotel as it is vastly overpriced ($18.99 per person not including tax and tip). There is currently no room service available at the hotel, but we found an excellent diner called the Europa Cafe a block away (cross the street and go through the covered walkway and it's on your left) that served a huge selection of breakfasts/meals for all tastes at a very reasonable cost. All in all, a nice hotel but probably will try somewhere else next time.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location!!	My husband and I stayed at the Flatotel September 17-21, 2009. We found the rooms spacious and clean. The bathrooms looked newly renovated but the showers were made for shorter people. We were within walking distance to many very nice restaurants and to the theater. Time Square and Central Park were a short walk away also. The restaurant was only open for breakfast. We very much enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 22 2009 	Comfortableclean and extremely central	My husband and I stayed at the hotel from 12th to 15th of September.Check in was efficient,quick and courteous.Our room on the 14th floor was spotlessly clean with a huge bed,lovely plump pillows and white cotton sheets.Bathroom had a jacuzzi bath,shower,hairdryer,toiletries and lots of fluffy white towels.There was also a kettle,fridge and microwave.electronic safe in the wardrobe and an iron and ironing board. Internet access and HBO movies were both free of charge.Location was brilliant.Two minutes walk to Times Square,Rockafeller Centre and many subway stations.We booked and prepaid the room at the fabulous rate of $135 per night and were absolutely delighted with the deal.We had a wonderful time,helped by the friendliness of both the hotel staff and the people of New York and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Made our New York trip the best	My wife and I found this to be a great value-for-money-hotel. The staff were very good and so helpful - especially at Reception. The location is a short distance to Times Square but just far enough from the crowds. Close to Rockefeller, Central Park and subway stations. For us as tourists to New York it was wonderful base and made the trip really special. Also having a fridge and microwave was just so useful for drinks and snacks	
Sep 14 2009 	Disappointing and poorly run	My stay last week at the Flatotel NYC began with me arriving at midnight after a long flight, and after calling in to confirm my room that day. I arrived and was ignored at the front desk for some time, until the front desk person got off the phone. When I told them I am checking in, he walked away and told me the manager would be with me soon. About 5 minutes later, the manager appeared and told me THEY HAD NO ROOM FOR ME! I had a confirmation number, I called to confirm that afternoon even! But they sold my room. They had a room for me at the Courtyard Marriott in Harlem (I was there for work - and our offices are in midtown, so the Flatotel was walking distance.)It was almost too late to be enraged, but I went to the other hotel - they paid for cab fare there and back, and told me that for the next night, i would have an upgraded room. I shudder to think what the regular room looks like, because the upgraded room was bare-bones basic and gross. I spent very little time at the hotel, as I was busy for work, but when I checked out after my first (what would have been second) night stay, I asked the door man to hail me a cab (mind you, I had my luggage with me that no one helped me with) and he told me that I'm better off going to 6th Ave. to find one. WTF?!? All in all, my experience was not great, and when they sent an email for an online survey to be filled out and I clicked the link, it sent me to the wrong web site. It is clear, they don't care about their guests - nor do they have to with their prime midtown location!	
Sep 13 2009 	amazing	stayed here with my wife for our birthday! we share it on the same day and month. when we checked in the staff were polite, helpful, just great! they had over booked but gave us an upgrade. they gave us a suite we had just one other room on our floor. the veiw was amazing...would stay at this hotel again when in NY.........just GREAT	
Aug 15 2009 	Fool me once but never again...	I was told that other colleagues on business to NYC stayed here. I usually stay at other boutique hotels - but thought I'd give it a try. Total trash, this hotel. Alarm clock was not working (engineer said he fixed it but it went on in mid-day while I was away and disturbed my neighbors for hours). Internet was spotty. Toilet ran ALL night (they promised to fix but did not.) Safe did not open. Clothesline was broken. You had wires for the TV hanging from the ceiling. At one point, the maid tried to come into my room after just knocking once and knocked the stopper straight into the closet door. UGH! What were my colleagues thinking????	
Aug 12 2009 	I'd rather sleep in the subway	As a prelude I have never given a bad review before. I have always been skeptical of hotels where the lobby mood setting is dark and mysterious. There is a reason why...they are hiding something. The Flatotel is a boutique hotel. the lobby is part lobby, part lounge and part filth. The lighting is so bad that you are literally in the dark. Upon making my reservation I asked for a certain room - supposedly slightly bigger than the others and non smoking. After checking in I was directed to two elevators not far from the bar. I should have stopped off for a drink, I had the time (the elevators took about 10 minutes) and it would have lessened the shock of seeing/smelling my room. By the time the elevator came there were now 15 people waiting. We all squeezed on. My room 2102 (there are 44 floors) was down the hall. Upon entering i was treated to a musty smell and the kind of smell that hides worse smells. I dropped off my bags and headed down to dinner. Once back in the room just about everything I touched or saw was broken, dirty, in disrepair, or old. First the entry lights did not work. There is a small pantry when you walk in that was stained. The door did not shut properly, the toilet seat was hanging off, the bathroom paint was pealing, other than that the bathroom fixtures were somewhat modernish but cheap. The bathroom was big but empty and reminded me of a 1950s office bathroom. In the bedroom, the safe did not open and the closet door would not close, the TV was at least 20 years old, the phone had to be held a certain way to work, the furnishings were minimal and smelled, the room was without light (natural or electric) the bed was new and made up nicely, there were no outlets and at least there was no roaches. The AC was loud (room unit), The refrigerator was warm, and the coffee looked good. Looked good because there was no cups, no coffee maker, no pot and no way to drink it. The smell was starting to get to me and then I realized that this was a smoking room - saw an ashtray. In addition I was in the smallest room on the floor (the moral is do not pay for an upgrade here - it is meaningless). I am very sensitive and have bad reactions to smoke. I called downstairs and no one could help me so I toughed it out for one night. I woke up with a sore throat (gone a few hours later) and my eyes were so red and swollen that I could not see well for four hours. Did I say that there were no roaches? Something else was crawling over me but roaches no. The robe is nice. Upon checking out I told them politely about the broken things (especially the door) but I was pretty stern about sending me to a smoking room without telling me ( the lady at the desk apologized, told me that I could have changed (not what i heard the night before) and that they are instructed to ask if a smoking room is all right. I would write to the management but I will never set foot in that hotel again	
Jul 29 2009 	Big kitchen but poorly refurbed	The room was large, big windows, but the refurb was done to 3rd world standards. Misalkignments, holes, big &quot;bumps&quot; in the carpet.The bed was very comfy, with lots of pillows. Great location near Rockerfeller Center. It was fine and clean, but my wife would have been upset. Hotwire called it a 4 star, and that is an outrage. It is OK for a 3, not 3.5.	
Jul 28 2009 	Horrible!!!!	Absolute filth and rudeness. Upon check-in (the room we required should have had 2 beds) we were advised the room only had one bed and a sofa...&quot;we should check to see if we got a pull out sofa&quot;, is what we were told?? The lobby walls and floors were filthy, the room had a horrible odour, there was grease on the furniture, holes in the ceramic bathtub, a dangling lightbulb, something smeared on the wall...it goes on and on. When we politely complained the general manager was helpful however the front desk agent was terribly rude. I will attach photos....DON'T ever stay at the Flatotel!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful Stay!!	Upon checkin the Staff was courteous and helpful!The Concierge was amazing with acquiring our Broadway Show Tickets!The room was spacious, great views!!Excellent for a family traveling to NY!	
Jul 6 2009 	Not worth staying here if this is your first time visiting NY	I had reserved a deluxe king room which I received accordingly. The initial impression seemed fair, however, upon arriving to the room, we noticed the rooms didn't seem clean and didn't want to even take our shoes off. We also noticed there was a black burn mark in the bathroom tub and the first hallway light didn't even work. When taking a shower, the water splattered all over the bathroom because the glass doesn't extend all the way to the side. There weren't even handtowels provided in the restroom. We also noticed there were 2 different colored tissues in the tissue box provided( beige and white). Everything else in the room seemed adequate, however, it seemed like the windows have never been washed (it was very foggy to look out the window and many stain marks all over the exterior of the window). The walls of our room were so thin we were able to hear the room next to us and their TV late at night, as well as the insulation of the room from the street was terribly ( we were on the 19th floor).	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location	Went to NYC for first time on a girls trip. We stayed at the Flatotel. We got a double suite with a balcony. Good service and clean rooms. Not too sure about the rates since it was a gift- that's why I gave it a 3. But other than that it was a great stay and very convenient to everything. Would stay there again.	
Jun 21 2009 	never again!	we had booked a 3 room suite which turned out to be a 2 room suite and much smaller than advertised.The bathtub/shower did not work. completely clogged and although we complained at least twice daily they NEVER managed in the 8 days to fix it. The room was dirty with old hair lying in sink, blood on toilet, crumps in kitchen and it remained dirty. We complained a lot and finally they opened up the room next door for us to use as well.However, they later billed us that is they didn't bill us but when we returned home we found out they had charged us for the extra room but as though it was a second suite. We ended up paying for 2 suites. We complained and they just ignored us. We went in to the City to talk to Manager who said they would solve it but they just ignored us. We never signed for them to charge this excess amount and we never agreed to paying for 2 suites we never got. And we certainly would rather have expected a discount for dirty rooms, not functioning bathrooms etc. Also, aircon didn't work. But then again NOTHING worked.The management was as rude and indifferent as the rest of the staff.Finally we had to involve our credit card company and make a case. Luckily, our credit card company sided with us and we got our money back after 6 months, but without interest!Flatotel is run by a bunch of dishonest crooks and the rooms are way smaller than advertised not to mention unliveable disgusting.	
Jun 17 2009 	Big room but poor quality and ammenities	I stayed at the Flatotel for work in early June 2009. The hotel, while in a good spot in Midtown, needs some upgrading before it is ready for primetime. My room was huge, with a kitchen, separate bedroom, bathroom and a wonderful view. However, the furnitue and fixtures were old, the bathroom was grimy and needed to be cleaned, and a lot of the electronic equipment didn't work. For example, the iron, the phones, and the alarm clock all were broken. In addition, the room had two tvs, but the reception was so poor on both that it wasn't worth turning them on. I wouldn't recommend the Flototel to any traveller unless most of your other options were booked, or you need a lot of space. For the same amount of money in New York there are dozens and dozens of better options.One other complaint, the lobby is very dark and dingy. I should have known when checking in that the stay would be subpar, but I went ahead and tried it anyway. I won't make the same mistake again. (Although, as a caveat, the staff was all very friendly, which I very much appreciated).	
Jun 16 2009 	Fabulous location!	A friend and I stayed here for 6 nights this May after the hotel was recommended to us.When we entered the lobby area of the hotel I was surprised by how small it was as on previous trips to Manhattan I have been used to more grand lobbys. It was nicely decorated though, very modern but still comfortable. The hotel has a small bar within this area which seemed fairly busy most nights.We got checked in very quick and easily and made our way to the lifts. I was concerned after reading previous reviews that we would be facing long waits during our stay for the lifts, however there was one waiting for us and we found that on most occasions throughout the week we really didn't wait long at all for one to arrive at our floor! Our room was on the 9th floor at the front of the hotel which ment we really had no view at all, unless you like office block windows! I wasn't in New York for the view from a hotel room though so that wasn't an issue to me at all! The room itself was fantastic! We had two huge beds which at the end of a long day were the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in and I loved the crisp white bed linen! It was well equipped with a large fridge, microwave and tea/coffee facilities, desk and wi-fi if you need it. The bathroom had a small tub and a powerfull shower which seemed to have hot water all day, or certainly at the different times of day we used it. The decor made the room fresh and I was so impressed with the maid service and cleanliness of the bedroom and bathroom. There was a electronic safe in the closet and the closet itself had more than enough room for all our clothes and we stored our cases and purchases in here!!I can't comment too much on the staff as we really didn't need their help much apart from at check in/out. I did require a new hairdryer brought to the room one day and it was with me within 10 minutes of my call to reception. The best thing about the hotel has to be it's superb location! Literally around the corner from Radio City and Magnolia bakeries, which bake the yummiest of cakes in the world ever and I have tasted a few!! There is a diner one block away called Lindys which have a very good menu. We ate here on a couple of occasions however it is slightly more expensive. I think this is because they play on having New York's finest cheesecake! Look out for Cosmic Diner though on 52nd @ 8th, it is well worth every penny of its well priced menu! We had our best meals here, the breakfast's are to die for ooohh and the blueberry pie is fabulous!! We booked to see Wicked at the Gershwin whilst planning our trip and luckily Flatotel is only a few blocks away! If you are going to see a show however and are not fussed about what you see I would reccommend you hold off and go to one of the tkts booths on Times Square or at Battery Park. We picked up tickets for Guys and Dolls and Chicago there for less than half the price we would have payed online!! If you are walking around Times Square and are approached by someone selling comedy club tickets, stop and have a listen, seriously! We bought some tickets off a tout for &quot;Comic Strip Live&quot; It's where Chris Rock was discovered and tonnes of other comics and it was one of our best nights on our trip! Well worth the money, I think we paid around $25 each, maybe less and for that we really got to see some amazingly funny acts! The hosts in between the main acts were also hillarious!! Drinks here were a little more expensive and there is a two drink minimum limit per person but you get a show which blows any comedy club in the UK out the water! I would also suggest using the Gray Line hop on hop off tour. You will come across many people as you walk around Manhattan trying to sell you bus tickets, We purchased an all loops tour from the people in the red jackets. I can't remember how much for but included in the cost was the ferry to Liberty and Ellis Island and either the Empire State Building or Top of The Rock admission, as well as a guided bus tour through Uptown, Downtown, Harlem, Brooklyn and a nightime tour also. The tours stop at specific tourist attractions across the island and have local guides who really know there stuff!! Great photo opportunities aswell!!This hotel was by far the best I have stayed in in New York and at the time, was the most reasonably priced. There really are no negative points I can make about Flathotel or the staff. In the future I will be considering this hotel before any others!	
Jun 8 2009 	I would recommend Flatotel with caveats.	My review of Flatotel is mixed: It had glorious space with 1500 square feet for a 2 BR suite and 1100 sq. ft for 1 BR suite both with kitchens. That and the great Times Square location on 52nd &amp; 7th Avenue and views from the 37th floor (very quiet) were wonderful but the arrival lounge was dark and unattractive. However, one oven did not work &amp; the microwave sometimes did but mostly did not work. Serviceman could not fix them. Service people did come promptly when called. We never did get the promised complimentary bottled water despite many calls. The Jacuzzi bathtub was dangerous to climb in and out of: nothing to hold onto and the bed foundations had sharp corners. Some blinds were falling down. The prepay price of $310 for 1 BR suite and $510 for 2 BR/2.5 suite was a bargain, however. We were (surprise!) switched from the pre-paid 2 bedroom suite that we had planned on-- upon arrival so it required a little juggling of multi-families but it worked out rather well! We would've appreciated being tipped off or consulted beforehand. I would recommend Flatotel with caveats. I would stay there again but my husband would not --because of appliance malfunctions etc.	
May 24 2009 	Great value and location for theatre district of NYC	Overall, Flatotel in NYC is a great value for the area. My husband and I were in walking distance of great restaurants and our Broadway show. The room's decor and cleanliness were excellent--surprisingly so. And the limited encoutners we had with the staff were all pleasant and helpful. We'd definitely go back for our next NYC trip, and we'd take our 14-month-old son.	
May 7 2009 	Contemporary hotel for for not-so-trendy price!	I read the reviews on tripadvisor, before I even booked. I read in one, that Quikbook.com had crazy low prices. So i checked, and TA DA!! I found this fabulously located hotel for only $140/night! That was an unbeatable price, especially for Midtown/Manhattan. So we arrive in Newark, cab fare was around $70 from EWR to Flatotel...was to be expected. Bellmen were very helpful, and knowledgeable of the area. Check-in was easy, however we arrived @ 1p, and our room wouldn't be ready until 4pm. Not a prob, left baggage with bell guy, who reccommended this delicious deli down the street, &quot;Carnegie&quot;, for lunch, and did some sightseeing till 4.Room was rrreally big! The Deluxe King had a bedroom 'area' with desk/chair, closet, huge mirror, then kitchenette area, with 2 electric cooking coils, compact fridge and microwave, THEN, separate toilet/sink room, as well as shower/sink room...with a window! I was definitely surprised with the large layout. My brother had a basic Queen room. About 1/2 the size of ours, but still cozy. Pretty much just the Queen bed, desk/chair, restroom...A few weird things i encountered. The walls are paper thin. Walking to our room, we could hear our neighbors' (3 rooms down) tv, and their conversation. Also, didn't seem to be AC in the Hallways. Everytime we walked out of the Elevator, it was really hot/stale. I couldn't wait to run in our room and turn the AC on. Another, there was only 1/2 a shower door. I wish I would have taken a pic...Imagine a normal bathtub with 3 walls, and where the door/shower curtain should be, there is a 2 foot plastic swinging door, that only covers the front half of the tub (where the shower head/faucet is). Water splashed all over the floor everytime we showered, and created a small flood under the sink each time. When room was cleaned, the housekeeper would refill our tissue box, with what seemed to be the leftovers from another almost empty box. I knew because the first few I pulled out were peach, and the rest in the box were white. That kinda grossed me out. Also, we stayed 4 days 3 nights, and didn't get washcloths until day 2. Toiletries aren't fancy...bring your own!! Shampoo, conditioner, body wash gel, and lotion all smelled like pinesol. Seriously, i TRIED to use a few of them, but they all looked like the same product (white cream) that were labeled differently...PINESOL! Other than that =) We thoroughly enjoyed our trip, and this hotel was affordable, in an excellent location, and had comfy large rooms. At least your not paying for any 'extras', when you can bring your own. I would stay here again, definitely.ps. the restaurant was closed, as was room service. but they did served complimentary bagels, tea, coffee each morning.	
Apr 30 2009 	Terrible security soiled clothes and missing jewelry!!	The trip was a gift from my boyfriend. It was supposed to be hassle free and romantic. This is not the place. Our stay was fine until we came back to our room after being out all day and my clothes in my suitcase were all wet with a substance that smelled like urine. The next day we were checking out so I left my bags with the valet while I went in town to get something. I did not open my bags until I arrived back in my place and ALL my jewelry was missing. It was really not worth much money, just the sentimental value. I am not saying anyone vandalized or stole, just some odd things happening at that hotel. I called and they refunded me back one night stay and washed my clothes, but the manager denied his staff would do anything like this and did not even begin an investigation until I requested it. I travel a lot, and I like to stay at little boutique hotels. I am telling you, if you want a hassle free stay, stay at the other hotels down the street like the Sheraton. At least you know they have procedures. And by the way, you can not file a police report if you leave the state. I tried.	
Apr 28 2009 	Flatotel met all my requirements...	My friend &amp; I were travelling to NYC for the More magazine 1/2 Marathon April 26. We arrived Friday evening for a 3 night stay. After reading the mixed reviews, I was on pins &amp; needles that we'd like it because I chose for the both of us. Upon arrival, check-in was a breeze, even though we weren't the only ones arriving at that moment. Within 10 minutes, we had a key and were on our way up to the 23rd floor. One of the reasons I chose Flatotel was because they have a room with 2 double beds. The elevator was a bit slow, but nothing unreasonable. We got to our room, and were delighted. The beds looked comfy. The room was plenty large enough for 2 female friends to share without bumping into each other. The fridge and microwave were nice to have. The window opened, which we liked. Bathroom large and clean. We were directly across from the elevator, which concerned me at first. However, we were never bothered by the dinging of the bell. We heard our neighbor briefly the first night, but no more after that. Front desk staff were extremely helpful whenever we had a question. We had a 5:30 a.m. wakeup call on marathon morning, which came on time. We requested extended checkout, which they easily obliged. Gregory, the concierge, recommended a fantastic day spa for a massage after the marathon (NY Nails &amp; Spa--ask for Tim!). We were able to use the business center to do online checkin for our flights, no fee. Complimentary bagels and coffee each morning--very adequate. The location is probably to best reason to stay there. It's on a quiet street, but only blocks from the lights of Times Square, Broadway shows, restaurants, subway stations, Rockefeller Center, Central Park. Oh my gosh, too much to name. Any cons with our stay? Of course, nothing is perfect. What's with the 1/2 glass door in the shower? It made a terrific mess with the water. However, the shower itself--awesome! No soap dish, as mentioned in another review, and really no soap for hand washing. That glycerine soap is more facial. No guide for television channels. Maid service entered our room while we were showering/dressing on our last morning? When we're due to check out, shouldn't our room be near the end for cleaning? Lighting in the room a bit dark at night, but serviceable. No one was ever at the security key check desk by the elevators. I&quot;ve had this at other hotels, where they were fanatic about checking those keys. We're 2 women travelling alone, and that did concern us. Our overall stay was not blemished by any of the cons. Our stay was eminently enjoyable and we recomment Flatotel to anyone wanting a good location, large room, and comfy bed.	
Apr 23 2009 	Flatotel- a big mistake	The hotel is old, elevatores do not work, room terrible. Never been there again	
Apr 20 2009 	The only thing missing was a soap dish	...and I hate putting the soap on the sink and getting that goey mess (so I used a wash cloth). But seriously, we were greeted with a friendly smile, our room was larger than we expected and the bathroom was large and clean and beautifully tiled, and the staff was continually friendly and efficient. I have been to NYC many times in the past 20 years and have not stayed in the same hotel twice; however, I am returning in August and will be booking at the Flatotel once again. If the experience is as good upon my return - I will be sure to let you know!	
Apr 20 2009 	Very disappointed	Visited years ago and this visit was very different. We remembered an upbeat place with modern hip boutique atmosphere. Loved its location, decor, size, rooms. This visit the hotel felt as if the place was old and unkept while still &quot;trying&quot; to be that cool NYC boutique hotel but missed the mark. We are a mid-thirties couple with a child who prefers smaller boutique hotels over your big brands but this time I would have preferred the MarriottPROS...location is excellent in the midst of midtown and steps to Rockefeller Center, Times Square and Central Park. Only other pro is size of rooms...very big and they do have a modern decor (a little too much &quot;less is more&quot; though...there is almost nothing that it appeared to be let go, not cool). CONS...run down over the years, somewhat dirty (they were spraying Lysol everywhere when we arrived and it reaked and rooms/elevators just felt fine nothing specially attended to), no amenities (restaurant and room service are closed for some reason and we were never made aware), customer service (no one greeted us and the reception area was dark and unlit, reception had no clue of a room change, they just seemed to do their job), manager tried bait &amp; switch (see below)So we requested early check in and was so &quot;graciously&quot; given it because they were able to give us a different room that was immediately open and because obviously no one else would have wanted it. Being pregnant and with a 4 year old we were very happy...until we got there. The room they so graciously gave us was, yes, huge BUT it looked like an old efficiency apartment with a new bed thrown in it. It was unkept, reaked of lysol, dirty stained rug, had an old disgusting kitchen, outdated bathroom, and the hallways to get to it looked like rent by the hour rooms. If I had never been to the hotel before and not known what the newer floors looked like I would have demanded my money back and went elsewhere. We were switched back to our original room and the room was fine but our overall experience left a lot to be desired. We got a low rate so I can't complain but would never pay full price or really even go back. Oh and on a Sunday morning when all 40something floors are trying to leave there were two small working elevators and you had to wait at least 10-15 minutes if you could even get in an elevator. My husband ended up walking down 9 flights with our suitcase because he had waited 20 minutes and still couldn't hitch an elevator ride. All the people who had gone to the lobby to get their &quot;complimentary&quot; breakfast were stuck waiting forever with coffee and bagels in hand trying to get back to their rooms.My expectations were so good after having been there years ago and its obvious that it has been let go. It was fine for one night but if you appreciate the hotel experience this one is lacking. We felt like we rented a decent room somewhere not that we had stayed at a comfortable hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Spacious but ill-kept	On first glance, I thought Flatotel was going to be my sweetheart hotel in NYC.The front desk staff was efficient and helpful, the location was unbeatable and the rooms were spacious. There was even a jacuzzi! However, the jets don't appear to have worked for many a year and have unpleasant black mildew stains surrounding them. The rooms are dusty, the bed is hard and they do not have wi-fi. The large (six feet high?) mirror is merely leaning against the wall and presenting a hazard to anyone with clumsy tendencies as my stubbed toes can attest. The mini-fridge is a plus but all in all, the Flatotel leaves me flat.	
Apr 13 2009 	A pleasent surprise	The hotel has a very good location, close to the park, times sq. and 5th ave. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The bar has good music and our corner room was very trendy, comfortable and clean. We had continental breakfast which was OK and actually had dinner at their restaurant once and enjoyed the food. We loved Flatotel and would love to stay there again for our next time in town.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent. Value for Money. Helpful Staff	We took their Wicked Package. Fantastic deal. Our seats were center orchestra. Free Parking. Room was comfortable. Great location. Staff very helpful.	
Mar 5 2009 	Superior Quality and Value	Have been the the Flatotel many times before and the experience keeps getting better with each visit. Brenda, the General Manager is always amazing and accessable. From the moment you enter the hotel you are greeted warmly, the rooms are always immaculate, the staff is wonderful and the value is the best. I would recommend the Flatotel to anyone who wants to feel special, welcome, and value for their dollar. Jason Gill Insurance Broker	
Mar 5 2009 	I will definitely return for the true NY experience!	great location to theater, restaurants and great shopping, not to mention the excitement of Rockefeller Center. Staff was friendly and helpful for all our needs and whims. will definitelyreturn for business with some fun added to our stay.	
Feb 28 2009 	Disappointment for the money I have to say...	We planned Christmas and New Year's in New York City with our family, what could be better? Wanting to be near shopping, Rockefeller Center and Times Square on New Year's, we also had the challenge of finding a bigger space for a family of four. After some research, Flatotel arrived at the top of our list for location and that they had a larger suite with a kitchen that could accomodate us. We booked our trip, eventhough the price seemed rather high-but hoped it'd be worth it.Let me say that the lobby is great, although small...however the elevators seem to have trouble accomodating the number of people that use them. The room was fair in appearance and cleanliness, but there were several days that we requested maid service more than once, and never got it. On one particular occasion, we had not left the room as of about 11 am, my daughter was still alseep and I was in the bathroom getting dressed, when there was a knock at the bathroom door. I assumed it was my daughter waking up and opened it only to find the maid staring at me. I must've looked rather shocked by her appearance in our room as she insisted that I tell her when I would be out so she could clean! I was infuriated! I didn't know maids can enter a room and see people there, only to knock on the door when they're in the bathroom getting dressed!There was another incident with another one of the staff that I will not go into detail, but they actually threw a pen when they got upset with our conversation. Not professional, to say the least.While I will say it is centally located, and the larger room with a kitchen is not easy to find, unless we were desperate, we would not return to this hotel. Our experience in New York is that good service is easy to find...just not here, I'm sorry to say.	
Feb 27 2009 	Loved it huge room. Great Location	I stayed 4 days and loved the hotel. Breakfast was bagels and coffee and free in the lobby. Lobby bar was very busy. Hotels restaurant is closed but they offered like 4 different places that deliver and the food was great !!! Staff is very nice. Location cannott be beat. HUGE HUGE ROOMS.	
Feb 27 2009 	Bedbugs doctor verified bad customer service.	It was a &quot;do it yourself&quot; hotel (not expected in busy downtown Manhattan), in that you had to find a cart and bring up your own luggage. We were with a tradeshow, and this was difficult. Also, we had things delivered to the hotel, tracked them to ensure they arrived, and they couldn't find them for days. Then, the next morning my husband had dozens of bites on his abdomen. We were astonished, and demanded to be put in another room. They would not do so until a doctor verified they were bed bug bites. At our inconvenience, we had to wait for the doctor, who immediately diagnosed them as bedbugs, and then we were allowed to take all the time and trouble to move to another room. This room had problems as well, such as the TV not working properly, but no more bugs. They DID NOT comp the stay! My husband was uncomfortable the entire stay from the dozens of awful bites. DO NOT stay there; the customer service is appalling.	
Feb 18 2009 	Prime Location excellent service spotless room	Stayed here for a week, Jan 17 - 24/09. Booked a Deluxe King on Quick Book for an embarrassingly low rate for mid-town NYC. Arrived at the hotel at 8AM from a red eye flight from Seattle. (Jet Blue great as always..new terminal is fantastic.)Room was ready when we arrived and the front desk was extremely professional and friendly. Likewise with the bellman, very helpful and courteous. There is no grand lobby, just a small reception and concierge area in a space that flows into the hotel bar. There is an office center on the 2nd floor where we printed our return boarding passes for free. Room was roughly 400 sq. ft. Furnishings are stark and modern which is our style. Nothing overstuffed or cluttered. Heat worked fine which was great as it was 06 degrees out and the windows opened if it got too warm. The wired internet was very fast and we had no connection problems for the week with the notebook. The wireless worked fine on our iPhones. The bathroom was huge and spotless. (Note to person who couldn't find a bathroom outlet for a hairdryer. It is inside the built-in shelf in the mirror wall where the complimentary toiletries are stored.Very convenient.) We were close to the elevators so there was a some noise, but nothing unexpected as it is a hotel. Entire stay was great and the service was consistently top notch. The small fridge in the room was very handy. Shopped at the local liquor store for supplies. Several times we ordered ice (no ice machines) and cocktail/wine glasses from room service and they were delivered promptly at no charge and with a smile. Houskeeping somehow managed to clean our room within an hour of the time we hung the tag on the door requesting service yet we never actually saw a housekeeper. Each time we went out and returned the bellmen greeted us like friends and were very efficient the few times we needed a taxi to go to SOHO or the West Village. When we checked out the bellman picked up our bags and stored them quickly and with a smile. I don't recall if there was a charge so if there was it was minimal. The hotel is the perfect location for seeing NYC in any season. Times Square and the theaters and Restaurant Row are just a few blocks to the right. Carnegie Hall is a couple blocks North. Radio City and Rockefeller Center are two blocks East and MOMA just another block of so East. There is a 24hr gourmet cafeteria with an overwhelming selection of quality prepared and cooked to order food on 51st. one block away and reachable though the passageway in the building across the street by Bobby Flay's Bar Americain. Excellent for a quick bite in the morning or a snack to take back to the room late night. We were fortunate enough to be in the city during Restaurant Week which goes for two weeks each winter and summer. Awesome and expensive spots for $25 lunch and $35 dinners. Some favorites were B. Smith (huge portions and fantastic Southern-inspired food and the best service ever), Vong, Asiate, and Murals on 54th. in the Warwick Hotel. Our best tourist experience was the Radio City Music Hall Tour. It was fascinating to see all of the massive Art Deco work up close and behind the scenes. And you meet a costumed Rockette for a chat! The bottom line is The Flatoel deserves at least 3 stars for the quality, location and value. We will definitely stay there again on our next visit to New York.	
Feb 16 2009 	OMG!!!!!	It was absoultly wonderful. I read the reviews and was almost horrified to go. We arrived 2 hours early to checkin, was allowed to check in and our room was upgraded to a one bedroom apartment...for no extra charge. Everyone was extremely nice an helpful. We will be returning soon.	
Feb 4 2009 	A+ It's al Business	This hotel is ideally situated in midtown within walking distance to the east side, Rockefeller Center, Time Square, Central Park and more. I love being able to walk to most of my appointments. The subway is easily accessible at 50th &amp; Broadway or 6th &amp; 57th. The Business Center and WiFi in the room are FREE - virtually unheard of for business travelers at most hotels. Sometimes I get a room with a kitchen and on longer stays I just bring food and beverages in from the market making this a really great value overall. Yes, the elevator can be a bit slow but the location, price and business friendly aspects of the hotel trump elevator speed as far as I'm concerend.	
Feb 1 2009 	Wosrt hotel! Horrible service!	First off we got to the room and the lights didn't work. Then the heat broke twice and the front desk was very rude about it and showed us how to &quot; fix it ourselves&quot;. Then we walked walked into the bathroom and the toilet was leaking and the bathroom still had hair and dirt everywhere. Do not stay here we regret it.	
Jan 23 2009 	Excellent hotel	I spent a week in this hotel and I just loved my stay there. The staff is very kind. The location is great. The room very spacious. I will come back.	
Jan 6 2009 	Mixed Bag!	As with previous reviews, this hotel is a mixed bag. We went for our honeymoon and couldn't have found a hotel with a better location which was a big plus for us as we spend much of our time on foot finding our own way around.The rooms, like most have said, are large and ours was kept spotless during the 6 days there. We both liked the decor, which is pretty minilimist but wouldn't suit all; the shower above the bath was powerful. The bed was huge and very comfortable. There was a flat screen TV, small fridge, microwave, tea / coffee and iron / board so not much amiss there. The only grumbles are you can hear the adjoining rooms more than what you would expect, the lack of sockets near mirrors for hairdriers which Caroline picked up on (females take note!) and the lighting in the room is a bit poor. There are signs of a need for an update but overall no real issues.The hotel let itself down slightly when I rang the day before, explained we were on our honeymoon and asked for a room on a high floor. We were given one on the 19th (out of 48 I think it is) so not great (could have been worse I suppose!) but then my mum rang and left a message at reception for us to say enjoy ourselves etc and it was never passed on which was disappointing.Overall then, a decent choice for location and rooms were decent but not special (Oh lifts were fine too!) but could improve on the personal touch.	
Jan 5 2009	Fab time in Flatotel	Stayed at the Flatotel from Christmas Day till New Year eve. Hotel staff very pleasant, room - clean, modern and tidy, although a little worn in places. Beware of the breakfast prices though! We got stung on the 1st morning! $166 for 4 adults - ecccck! Excellent for Central Park, Rockerfeller Centre, Time Square attractions etc... Emma, Sheffield Dec '08	
Jan 4 2009 	Average For the Price	I read the reviews of this hotel after I got back and I think the disconnect is expectations. The hotel has a great location, friendly staff, nice bar, free coffee in the morning, and big rooms, but it also has a slow elevator, uncomfortable bed, fuzzy television reception, thin walls, and minimal decor. The upside is hard to ignore, but so is the downside. If you are paying more than $200 per night (even in New York City), then can probably stay in a nicer room with a similar location. If you pay in the $100-$150 range, however, the positives outweigh the negatives. In any event, just don't expect frills because there really aren't any. One more thing: ignore the photos on the various travel websites and in the magazines. My wife and I had a good laugh over pointing out the many differences between the advertised hotel decoration and the decorations we actually got (one large mirror in the hallway).	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location to explore New York	We arrived on Christmas eve and stayed for 4 nights. The staff were friendly and very helpful. We stayed on the 46th floor in a 1 bedroom suite. There was plenty of room for the 4 of us (2 adults and 2 teenagers). The room was very clean and spacious although the fixtures and fittings were a little tired and are ready for some tlc. The only problem we had with the room was that the sink in one of the bathrooms was very slow to drain but this didn't cause us a problem as our room had 2 bathrooms so we just used the other one. We never had a problem waiting for the elevator, on most occasions the elevator was there waiting for us, the longest we had to wait was approx 2 mins. The lobby and bar area was clean although I cant comment on the restaurant or room service as we didn't use these services. The hotel is in a great location, only a 5 min walk to times square, 5th avenue and central park. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family and would have no problems staying here again.	
Dec 18 2008 	Flatotel - A Flat and a Hotel	I also read reviews from people on this hotel before I went and I wasn't worried about the delay for the lifts, but the reports really stuck in my head. I remember thinking the first time I pressed the call buttton 'Ok, let's see how long it takes!' and it was literally seconds - we never waited longer than a normal wait 1-20 seconds for a lift either on the ground floor or the 11th floor. I can't imagine what must have been going on when the other people stayed here for them to comment. Lifts sometimes need repairing which may have been the case thus delaying the lifts slightly but we even rode the service lift when someone who was taking some food up to a guest invited us in. It was quite busy the hotel too...Anyway, my only reservation about this hotel, from a personal point of view, is that everyone is quite rude and not very friendly. Perhaps not rude, but certainly not friendly. The girl in the shop, the porters, the reception desk. Not one hello or good morning which I think is really bad.The location was ideal. Two blocks from 5th Avenue and Times Square and a couple of blocks from Central Park. Though you are in a main touristy area so expect to pay high amounts for food in nearby restaurants/diners.Our room on the 11th floor was fine and large enough with a good easy to use safe, a microwave (did not use) and tea and coffee making facilities. We didn't get robes as advertised but we didn't feel the need to raise this with anyone.In all, it was a successful stay with good sleep and tv worked fine. At the end of the day, we didn't see it too important to have a very, very nice hotel as we were seldom in there.	
Dec 15 2008 	Dont listen to the bad reviews!	Ok, firstly this was my first time in NYC, and after reading reviews on this website, my family and I was VERY hesitant about staying here, to the point of wanting to change. However we obviously stayed and we would go back within a heartbeat. Ok, fair enough, it's not as grand and palace like as that of the Marriott hotel in Times Square but it does offer two things, value and space! We had a 1 bedroom apartment, which was big enough for the 4 adults (one was classed a child since he was 16), which is why we could get this family apartment at a good price. It had a good sized kitchen (which shamefully wasnt used much due to its prime locations to restaurants and times square), a large living room, which two bed were sent up, since it was only a 1 bedroom, yet there was still plenty of space for watching TV on the flat screen. And the bedroom amazing!The lobby was very sleek and modern, bar was quite expensive so I would try and avoid it where possible. The restaurant was lovely, we had breakfast there, was very nice!And for anyone whos first time in New York, go to the Marriot hotels the view restaurant, you can have a buffet which is very good value or a formal sit-down meal, which will require reservations. It was an amazing evening, check the website out!Dont hessitate to contact me, if you want to know anything else :)	
Dec 3 2008 	A shameless dive -- DO NOT STAY HERE	My company travel agent booked me here for a three night stay because the corporate price was right. From the start it was a disaster. The first room they booked me into was on a low floor and stunk -- and I mean stunk -- of bleach. The carpet was ragged and torn in many places. They moved me to another room -- again on a low floor, though when the room was booked, the travel agent had specifically requested a high one so as to be away from street noise, which is audible on lower floors. First, the TV did not work because the remote had not been programmed. Three calls to the front desk to fix that. On night two I arrived at my room after dinner to find that it was permeated with a foul smoke odor. (I have asthma. This is a problem.) I called the front desk and was told that the odor I was smelling was not possible as my room was situated on a non-smoking floor. I asked them to look into it. They didn't. Night three, I arrived back at my room and the smoke odor was worse. Then there was a knock on my door from hotel security. Other guests had complained of the smoke, finally mobilizing the management into action, and he wanted to know if I had been smoking! Then there was the issue of my key. It mysteriously demagnetized FOUR TIMES in three days, forcing me to go to the front desk and have them make me a new key. Finally, there was the issue of my bathrobe, which I like to have when I exit the shower. There is a self-congratulatory note in every room explaining that they provide bathrobes. My room had none. I finally got one the second night. When I came back to my room after work the next day, the bathrobe had been taken. I had to call to ask them to redeliver it. Twice. Then there was the internet. This place has no wireless. It has dial-up access in each room but no requisite cable. They don't tell you they have any internet access. You have to call and ask for the cable. The internet is so slow as to be useless. They have wireless in the lobby, but it is not a hospitable work environment. This place is dingy and decaying. They spend no money on help, no money on decor, and no money on accommodations. I complained to management about these problems and was simply told each time &quot;Sorry&quot;. No serious effort at amelioration was made. Flatotel smacks of a corporation trying to bleed a property dry before tearing it down. You are better off staying at a Motel 6. I mean it.	
Nov 27 2008 	Comfortable 	My second stay at the Flatotel [previously Nov 05 - excellent].I am a regular ING New York City Marathon runner.The accommodations were excellent and exactly as promised.The staff were friendly, courteous &amp; professional in all respects.The Flatotel is convenient to all the excitement of Manhatten.A good value. I plan to stay at the Flatotel on my next visit and I refer my friends &amp; colleagues to stay at the Flatotel.	
Nov 20 2008 	Flatotel -- bottom of barrel	Came in for a two day conference and decided, for convenience, that I would stay there as well. Well, I don't know where to begin. The hotel hallways smell like a cheap motel. NO attention is paid to details -- walls, wood trim are dirty and banged up, elevators are dirty, dented and worn; restrooms are filthy -- toilet paper draped over seat, garbages full, walls are dented and dirty, paper towels are scattered throughout -- and this was at 7:15a before anyone got to use it that day. CHEAP Ironing board was broken and CHEAP Iron ruined my shirt by depositing a red substance on it. There certainly is no money spent on maintenance and upkeep at the Flatotel. I wish I took photos.These same comments were sent to the Flatotel via their feedback form.	
Nov 17 2008 	Lots of Space	We booked the Flatotel for a 5 night stay in a Queen Room and were pleasantly surprised to find that we were allocated an apartment. There was a Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Area, Bedroom, Bathroom, 2nd WC and plenty of wardrobe space. We were on the 38th floor and had no problems with the elevators. Ok, so maybe the rooms could do with a little TLC - nothing major just a facelift and certainly not enough to discourage us, for what we paid and the space we got I am sure it can't be beaten in NYC. Staff were always courteous and the location was excellent particularly for first time visitors.	
Oct 29 2008 	We loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Flatotel for 4 nights in October 2008.We had a large room on the 22nd floor (there are 46 floors) with a superkingsize bed, a separate toilet and bathroom and even a small kitchen area, with a 2 ring stove, a fridge freezer, a microwave and a kettle.Our room was cleaned daily, towels and toiletries replaced every day, and we had a free copy of USA Today newspaper delivered to our room daily.It's true there are only 2 lifts, but this didn't affect us at all. I guess if you're there on business and everyone is trying to get downstairs all at once, it might be a problem.The staff were all very pleasant, the concierge helped us out when our debit cards were blocked and we were unable to use American ATM's (tip: tell your bank you are going to the USA before you go!), and also searched the web for us for particular shops and sights we wanted to visit.In short, this was a lovely, spacious, clean hotel that we would certainly return to.	
Oct 23 2008 	Two star four star	This is a two star hotel with a four star location. The hotel is shabby and needs a major face lift. The tub was not very clean and the shower has a small piece of glass instead of a shower curtain and the water seemed to be everywhere despite our attempts to be careful. The room had a king platform frame with a queen mattress on it so the one side of the bed had about two inches of wood sticking out. There was a large full-sized mirror propped up on the wall. I am not sure if it fell down or that was the lazy man's way of not putting it back up. The carpets and curtains need a good shampooing or replacing. Are you getting the picture???The staff is not overly friendly but adequate. The bell hops were very helpful. I used AmEx points just for a one night stay but if I had paid the requested $400 price tag, I would have been furious and definitely not worth that price tag.	
Oct 15 2008 	It'll do but don't believe everything they say...	Just got back from a five night stay at the Flatotel and overall it was satisfactory. We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 44th of 46 floors which was very spacious and had a nice view, especially at night. I must also point out that we had absolutely no wait for the elevators of more than about 1 or 2 minutes during our entire stay at any time of the day or night.However, the claim that the rooms were all newly refurbished is slightly wide of the mark as a lick of paint is not refurbished in my book. As you will see from my pics there were some &quot;issues&quot; with the state of the room which were more of a an annoyance and didn't really detract too much from our stay...even the whirpool bath that was about as powerful as stirring the water with a teaspoon.In summary, certainly no luxury apartment but then again its a prime location for us tourists and enought space to kick back and relax however scruffy, old and damaged the decor!	
Oct 14 2008 	Great location great hotel.	Great location, just away from the noise and madness of Times Sq, but handy for everything else. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient. The rooms were spacious and clean and quiet. Never heard any noise from other rooms. Never had to wait long for the lift and the view from the top floor was amazing. Highly recommended!!!	
Oct 11 2008 	loved everything about it	just back three days ago from the big apple and stayed in the flatotel for 6 nights. not a bad thing to say about it except that one of the staff (a guy) tried to screw us to get a taxi to jersey gadens he wanted 300dollars for 6 of us. we went by bus and it cost something like 20dollars for two. Of course that is not the hotels fault he prob thought he wud make a quick buck from the gullable irish (but he was wrong). As for new york Oh my God it was fantastic. Deffo recommend the top of the rock (magic), Ellis island(an eye opener),Jersey gardens(Shopping),empire at night(breath taking), and ground Zero(a stillness and peaceful) and last but not least a horse and carriage in central park(romantic) 6 nights were brilliant would highly recommend that many nights if you cud. so much to see and do. bring plenty of bucks not as cheap as we thought but worth it all the same	
Sep 28 2008	HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Security was a joke.... elevators took forever and during my stay had to deal with constant issues with guest getting stuck. Package was lost, by guess who???? Security!!!! Word of advice, get rid of your entire security staff, starting with the security manager and director... and maybe you would have a respectable hotel. Will never return and would advise anyone I know never to stay at the FLATOTEL!!!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Location!!!	My sister and I stayed at the Flatotel for 7 days at the end of August. After many hours of scouring the internet to try and find the right price/location combo, we finally chose this one. I booked on Travelocity for $219/night. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 in the morning and obviously our rooms were not ready yet, so we checked our bags with no problems and took off for some lunch and wandering. We came back around 3 and our room was ready, but it was on the 26th floor. I had read all the reviews on TA and the last thing I wanted was to waste 1 hour a day waiting for an elevator, so I mentioned I had an problem with elevators and I would like to be as close to the ground as possible. They were very polite and put me in a room on the 10th floor. We never waited more than 4 minutes for the elevator the entire stay.  The room was gigantic! Great for storing all out loot:) There was a fridge and a microwave but no coffee maker, but a Starbucks across the street. The bed and pillows were great and maid service was consistently good. My only small complaints are the 1/2 shower door(fine once you figured out correct placement of the bath towels) and there being only one mirror in the whole room. It was a little cramped with two of us fighting for it to get ready. Also, the restaurant/bar Moda seemed to close really early so if you want a nightcap, best not to rely on it.  The location was also great. Close to MOMA, Time Square, Rockefeller Center, and subway stations(which get you ANYWHERE!) Lots of restaurants around, but we had our best meals outside of Midtown(Hells Kitchen is wonderful, so is SOHO. Tons of fabulous little places to eat) For our first trip to New York, this was the perfect place to stay. I did, however, find Time Square a little &quot;Las Vegas-y&quot;, so on my next trip, I'd love to stay in Soho or The Village.	
Aug 19 2008 	A flat is an apartment	The hotel brochure has to explain, presumably for the sake of Americans, that a flat is what we Europeans (well the English) call an apartment; which is true.We stayed on the 42nd floor of the hotel in a 1 bedroom flat. Good big rooms, nice kitchen - good for coffee and cookies but not for cooking - I suspect all visitors use the deli or eat out; good bed. Daughter slept on sofabed which was fine. One problem - even though we were booked in from the start as 3 people the maids persistently removed and did not replace the bed linen for the sofabed. They very willingly brought more on request, but it was irritating.Insufficient lifts too (elevators!)Good views, and on 42nd floor at least quiet. Good location.We greatly enjoyed our visit.	
Aug 18 2008 	DUMP! Horrible - do not stay here! You can get better for price!	Can you say DUMP? At $280+ a night, you would expect at least the quality and service of a Holiday Inn. I booked 4 nights through American Express for a Deluxe room with a King bed- nonsmoking. One of reasons was the alleged free wifi (which did not exist). I get to the hotel and after checking in, I get to the room which was a Standard Queen Room which smelled like an ashtray and had blood (no joke!) On the bedsheets, among being in disrepair. I call the front desk - they can switch me tomorrow to a king smoking room - and will not give me any credit for the cheaper room.?!? The lobby and public areas were also gross and the walls were paper thin. I call Amex and to make a long story short, Amex finally cancelled my reservation and booked me at the nearest available hotel (The Parker Meridian, which btw was great). Pictures attached. DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Aug 16 2008 	Great Location - Great Rooms!	We stayed at Flatotel for a four-day anniversary getaway in August '08. The location was wonderful, an easy walk from all the theaters, times square, Rockerfeller Center, tour bus stops and subway entrances within one block. The staff was very cordial and helpful, and they have the best apples in the Big Apple in a big basket in the lobby for the guests!The rooms are some of the largest rooms we have ever stayed in, the king size bed was wonderful, and the desk chair was a great ergonomic chair that was so comfortable I want one for my desk at home.Overall, we thought it was a great place to stay, and would consider it again as first choice for a return trip.	
Aug 15 2008 	Location Location Room Service	I stayed at the Flatotel for 7 nights and 8 days while in NYC on business. Flatotel's location couldn't be better, the heart of midtown Manhatten. 2 blocks from 5th avenue shopping, Radio City, Rockefeller Plaza. Less than 10 blocks from Time Square. This hotel is all abotu location. Central Park, Bryant Park, Broadway theatres, it's all within 5 minutes walk. The hotel itself is nice. Not blow you away RItz Carlton or Bellagio nice, but nice. I was stuck with room service for the trip because fo the way my company was dealign with the trip expenses. This was inconvenient for me, but not through any fault of the hotel. The room service overall is terrific. The menu is very good, response time is fantastic, I don't think I waited over 30 minutes the entire trip. It was of course pricey, but it's room service right? The Bathroom is on the small side but clean. Decorative tilework and all the supplies you need are provided. The room was cleaned and tidied up each day. No complaints about the cleaning staff. The room itself provides a fridge, microwave, coffee pot, tv, internet access, closet etc. All the essentials are there and it's a decent sized space. From what I hear it's huge for NYC, I can't speak to that. The front desk could be a little more professional, they aren't as polished as you'd expect for a $400 a night hotel. They met any requests I had but they didn't have that exceptional customer service attitude you recieve at top tier hotels. More than once I was witness to them custoem rbashing, either on the phone or behind a customers back. No one wants to see that kind of thing. Overall the hotel is rated pretty fairly on the site, 3.5-4* is right on. Anyone who rates it less is probably seriously picky or had a bad experience with a staff member or two.	
Aug 4 2008 	prepare to wait for the elevator	we were looking forward to a weekend getaway with another couple. the front desk staff was polite and courteous. they couldn't provide ajoining rooms or even rooms on the same floor as our friends which was a bit of a disappointment because we were told when making the reservation it would not be a problem. Our trip up to our rooms was after a 15 minute wait and it was via the service elevator which was horrible. Hot cramped, exposed wires, graffitti, not exactly a great first impression of this nearly $300 a night stay. we were ushered into this elevator by an unfriendly staff member like chastized school children. After waiting 25 minutes for an elevator in the lobby the next morning and another 20 minutes to get down for checkout I realized how appealing the service elevator actually was. the room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was large. i found it odd that in the shower there is only a 1/2 door on the tub and no fan to get rid of condensation so the floor of the bathroom was extremely steamy and wet, as was my towel which was waiting nearby. also the tub did not drain quickly and I found myself up to my ankles in water upon completion of my shower. yuck. the shower itself was hot and had extremely strong water pressure which was very nice. the essential elements shampoo and conditioner were very nice too.I contacted the front desk on the evening i checked in to request a toothbrush that I had forgotten and was told one would be brought right away. when i still hadn't received one by the time we were leaving to go out to dinner i told the front desk on my way out that I had not gotten one. the front desk staff apologized wrote the room number down and assured me one would be waiting when i returned. When we came back from dinner I was kicking myself for not buying one while i was out because sure enough no toothbrush. I called again and was told one would be brought up. no toothbrush. by morning I was annoyed and called housekeeping directly and 1/2 hour later about an hour before checkout my toothbrush arrived. I think it's an ok hotel. there are far nicer hotels in manhatten for the same money. the rooms were nice but the hallywa carpets were filthy and the service was marginal. front desk staff was nice but other staff throughout the hotel were very unfriendly. the consierge was never at his desk and we wound up asking the bellman for directions. i would not stay here again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Lovely Flatotel	Booked a deluxe-King room for three nights through Quikbook.com for $221/night. The Flatotel is elegant and sleekly decorated in a modern way that wouldnt be exactly my style at home, but thought it looked cool in their hotel. The room was huge by NY standards (easily twice the size of my prior room at the Algonquin). Included was a king-size bed, nice furniture, comfortable bed with good linens, Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, refrigerator, microwave and electric kettle. The staff were very professional and helpful, even the waiters in the restaurant! (we had some surly servers around town). We asked for a room on the non-street side of the building, so had no view at all but it was absolutely silent. I loved that they served delicious free morning coffee in the lobby and that they actually had half &amp; half for it unlike every other place I went to in NYC. Milk in my coffee makes me grumpy. We had breakfast in the restaurant (Moda) one morning and it was by far the best breakfast we had during our trip. Would have liked to try other meals there but never managed it. My only complaints are regarding the lack of free wireless internet, and some issues with housekeeping (couldnt get a TV remote that worked, bath towels were torn and the bathrobe we were given was soiled. Eeeww.) Also the first night we could get no cold water in the shower or sink. It was too hot to take a shower or bath and we really didnt want to drink hot water. Improved over the next two days, however that shower was still really too hot. Also worth mentioning is the bathroom door which is made from opaque glass. You can't exactly see through it, but you definitely make out outlines and colors. This didn't matter for my husband and I, but I could see that if it might not be private enough for people traveling with a less &quot;intimate&quot; companion. I highly recommend the Flatotel. The rooms are great, the staff is great and the location is really great.	
Jul 27 2008	Great location nice hotel unfriendly staff	Great location. Lovely lobby. Fine rooms. DEEPLY unfriendly staff -- adversarial towards customers without an ounce of friendliness. Beware: internet is &quot;free&quot; but only with a cable -- for which they charge $10! In general, not a gracious place...	
Jul 26 2008 	Great place bet. Times Sq and Radio City	Very nice place to stay on 52nd St. Great place but on a quiet street. Near Times Sq. and Radio City. Rooms were large and held 4 adults comfortably. Beds were great and had very nice bed linens. Rooms/hotel were clean. I would stay there again.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great hotel for families with a convenient location	We have just returned from staying at the Flatotel in New York. I rated the hotel a 3 due to the need for updates. If it were rated on size and convenience it would have received a 4. We are a family of 5 and always have a difficult time finding hotels that work for us. I would like to preface my great experience with a reality check. While we were very happy with the hotel it is in definite need of an update. Objectively speaking the rooms need an overhaul, ie.) new paint, tile work, cabinets. That being said I have not found anywhere that gave us this room size. We were booked into a 2 bedroom suite, (this was actually a basic room attached to a 1 bedroom suite with full kitchen and 2 bathrooms. The kitchen was handy for keeping snacks, milk, waters on hand for the kids. It was pure pleasure to have two bathrooms. Our nightly rate for the 2 bedroom suite was $500.00 per night. In my opinion it was a good price for the accomodations. I found the staff to be very pleasurable and polite. I had read other reviews so really expected the worst but was pleasantly surprised. I also was worried about the elevators considering reviews I had read but did not find the waiting unbearable. I found the room to be quiet, a/c worked well and shower was hot with good water pressure. Housekeeping also did a great job freshening up our room daily with new towels, shampoo etc. Location was wonderful for midtown Manhattan. Easy walk to Times Square, Central Park and very convenient to subway to go further uptown or downtown. I would definitely stay here again with my family.	
Jul 9 2008 	Pleasant surprise	Contrary to critics we were welcomed by a friendly front desk agent @ 2am. Check in was smooth despite the odd hour. Room size surprised us , as normally in NYC you get much less space.Room for improvement: (1)You need more than a tiny coffee table in a big room for two to enjoy late night dinnig - When we asked for another tiny table to be added we were told &quot; it is not the hotel's policy&quot; Wierd , but hey , nobody is perfect. Why don't you change policy. At least in our case it would have meant more in room dinning , which we didn't cause there was no place for us to dine...(2) The in room safe is mounted on the wall in the cupboard far too high to conveniently use.(3) Elevators. I hate to think what does it feel trying to get to the lobby @ 0830AM? In the one instance we waited 15 minutes for a lift to take us from 11th to the lobby. When we checked out on Sunday PM it took the porter 20 minutes to get our luggage from the room to the lobby.Time for an overhaul guys	
Jun 26 2008 	flatotel is fabulous	My husband and I have just returned from our first visit to New York, it was a holiday to remember and it was made even more so because we stopped at the Flatotel in a Deluxe King room. It was worth every penny to upgrade for a larger room with bath/shower/air con/microwave/fridge....We stopped on the 14th floor and it was quiet and no bother with the elevators. The hotel was ideally located and very central to all the attractions. We booked it through ebookers and I will be using this website again. We paid 1500 for 5 nights flying from manchester, what a bargain.....and what alot of shopping bargains we bagged in New York.! (the only little niggle was that we asked for a non-smoking room, which it was, but some of the other guests were smoking in their rooms and you could smell it down the corridor).	
Jun 1 2008 	Room is Roomy but Service is Lacking	I reserved this hotel for the price and the location, not expecting to be wowed, but at least expecting truth in advertising and relatively pleasant people. Upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised by the GREAT location, well decorated lobby, and courteous front desk agent. The room was spacious although seriously lacking artwork. The bathroom was also a good size, however, the layout underutilized the space. What was rather shocking was the shower curtain or should I say half shower glass door. I have never been in a hotel bathroom that you could not close a shower curtain or shower door to prevent water from spilling all over the floor. Very unusual. What ruined this stay for me, was the rude concierge and a serious issue with false advertisement and the lack of concern expressed by the management. Now I must admit, I do hold hotel personnel to a very high standard, as I am an Assistant General Manager of a four diamond property with a staff that is continuously praised for their customer service efforts, but I never expected to be ignored or to be treated as if asking a concierge a question was an annoyance. On our last evening my husband and I ordered a bottle of wine, the wine special of the month was advertised in the room with a picture of a white wine bottle with short description and a red wine bottle with a short description. Under the description was listed $9 plus an offering of complimentary tastings on Wednesday Nights. Well we ordered the special, 45 minutes later, and after 4 phone calls to inform us they could not find the bottle, wasn't sure what bottle we were talking about, and what the price was, a server knocks with the bottle. We questioned the $9 price on the advertisement and were quickly told, I don't know and handed the bill, which was for $90.12. Because it was almost 2:30 in the morning, we thought we would figure it out at check out. Upon check out, I questioned the cost, showing the agent the advertisement and asking for an adjustment. After about 4, obviously not sincere, apologies she approached the manager to inquire about the bottle. When she returned I was told, &quot;Well that's the way it is, its $9 per glass.&quot; Even though the advertisement didn't state that. So I want to know, how do you get 10 glasses of wine out of a bottle to equal a $90 charge? Needless to say, no adjustment was made (except for our extra $10 tip we had added) and we left. As a manager, I find this type of attitude appalling and simply shocking. It was an obvious mistake in printing that they should have adjusted. Other than that, New York was great, the bell staff was wonderful, and I know not to stay here again!	
May 16 2008 	Large rooms for NYC	This hotel was in our corporate hotels list so I stayed there during my last trip to NYC. The location was great, right in midtown within walking distance of pretty much everything. I got in during the week when most of the hotels in midtown were booked solid due to the NY Auto Show and I was happy that the staff were polite and service was good even by New York standards. As people have mentioned already, the rooms are large, almost as large as a typical 1-bedroom apartment in Manhattan. I had no problems with the bed and I had a great view of 6th Ave from the corner room.Only one minor complaint, the elevator seemed overworked during the time I was there. The hotels goes up 40-something floors and the 3 elevators available were not enough.	
May 12 2008 	great location...excellent hotel	My wife and I stayed at this Hotel from the 23rd to the 28th April 2008.The room was very spacious and the staff were very pleasant and helpful eg:it rained one day and the staff gave us golf umbrellas to use for the day...cool or what?The hotel is pole position on the grid in terms of proximity to the amazing Time Square...10 minutes dander and you are there..a whole new world awaits!eg:a &quot;toys r us&quot;store with a full size ferris wheel in the shop and a full size T/rex?Where else would you get it?If you make a right(I have even picked up the local lingo!)when leaving the Hotel and walk to the end of the block..directly beside Rosy o,Gradys is a fantastic breakfast deli/diner that does breakfast the New York way..&quot;eggs over easy and home fries&quot;..I can still taste it yet.mmmhhhmm!The Hotel was excellent and New York was &quot;awesome&quot;..We are busting to go back and this Hotel will be our base.	
May 7 2008 	Great and affordable midtown hotel	If you've ever visited NYC you know hotels in midtown are expensive. I was able to secure the Flatotel for about $300/night. It is a prime location on W. 52nd near the Theater District, Times Square and subway stops. The rooms were all recently remodeled, very modern and clean with big bathrooms, the staff nice and helpful. they also added nice touches like a bag of cookies in your room when you check in. There's a restaurant/bar in the lobby as well, food is average but you dont need to go there as there are 100 great restaurants in the surrounding blocks. A great value overall.	
May 5 2008 	Never staying here again	Absolutely not staying here ever again! The staff at the front desk was rude and didn't care. The girl who checked me in told me not a single room was ready in the entire hotel, but my colleague checked in a minute after me (same room type) and the guy who checked him in, found a room. That lady was so rude and cold. One day-only one elevator worked. It took literally 20 minutes to go from the 17th floor to the 1st-because it stopped at every floor and the elevator was packed. At one point, I decided to walk down 17 flights of stairs with luggage and all. Horrible!For business travelers-The wireless internet is a joke. Way too slow. There are many choices in NYC....don't pick the FLATOTEL!!!	
Apr 22 2008 	generally positive but those elevators!	My business contact in NYC chose the hotel for me. The positives have been mentioned before: convenient midtown location, spacious room and bathroom. Other pluses: I found the staff friendly (by NY standards) and helpful. I appreciated the free internet in the business center; the quiet refrigerator and the microwave in my room; the closet safe; and the extremely comfortable desk chair. Others have mentioned the European-style platform beds and found them hard, but my bed was just the right degree of firmness.Problems: The bed has sheets and a heavy comforter, and nothing in between. The comforter was too hot, the sheets alone not enough. I used the bathrobe (which was supposed to be provided, but I had to request it) as a light blanket.The &quot;easy&quot; chair was remarkably uncomfortable.The beautiful full-length mirror hadn't been hung, just leaned against the wall.It was inconvenient having no drawers at the desk or in the bedside tables.The door connecting to the next room let through some loud conversations, but ear plugs kept this from being a problem. Though my room faced 52nd street, I was not bothered by street noise.Worst of all, there are only two functioning elevators in this 45-story building, making it very difficult/time consuming to go down at checkout time. Solution: ride up to the top, then back down. (For comparison, the building I work in has only 6 floors, but 4 elevators.)All in all, it was a satisfactory stay, but I'll stay elsewhere next time I'm in NYC, if the choice is up to me.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great value and great room size for Manhattan	We have just come back from a &quot;girls&quot; shopping trip to New York. This was my fourth visit in 4 years and the Flatotel is a hidden gem right in the heart of the Times Square area. It's on 52nd street and no more than a 10 minute walk to Central Park, 5th Avenue, Broadway Theatres, Rockefeller Plaza and Times Square itself.The hotel describes itself as apartment style and the rooms are modernly furnished (think boutique or upmarket Ikea) and have a kettle, fridge and microwave. The showers are superb, fantastic pressure even on the 27th floor. The bed linen was crisp and the beds were firm and comfortable. The room was serviced daily, with towels changed and coffee supplies topped up.The reception staff were very helpful and there was always someone on the door to open it as we walked in. The reception area is large with designer seating and the bar was always crowded in the evening. Will certainly use this hotel again and recommend it highly.	
Apr 3 2008 	Amazing Location	Located on West 52nd Street between 6th and 7th Avenue, 5 minute walk maybe less to Times Square. It's like your own Manhattan apartment with all kitchen facilities, dining room with table overlooking tall skyscrapers and great view. Holiday was amazing in general but the location is brilliant, Americas Next Top Model contestants stay here when doing shoots.want to know more get in touch	
Mar 29 2008 	Perfect Easter weekend	A last minute booking through e-bookers, I was beginning to dispair whether I would find anything suitable and affordable for 3 nights. A one bedroom apartment seemed all too good to be true. On arrival we were allocated to the 44th floor and realised how incredibly lucky we were due to an upgrade. Our bedroom had windows on 3 sides, large bathroom with natural light, a huge sitting room and dining area, with unlimited natural light. It was the best apartment you could EVER dream of and the bed was extremely comfortable.Taking our luck aside, we would come back to this hotel anytime as its more our style than a standard chain hotel or OTT luxury. The luxury on offer here is space, light, relaxing decor and subtlety of service.The location was perfect, close to MOMA, Times Square.	
Mar 9 2008 	Would definately recommend	My husband and i stayed in this hotel for a week in December. It was our first time in NYC and we wanted a hotel in a good location with a bit of space to store our purchases. This hotel met those criteria. The hotel has its good and bad points The good - excellent location, clean rooms, free internet access in the business centre, helpful staff - when we arrived we couldn't get the safe to work. I rang reception and someone was with us within 5 minutes to sort it out.The bad - really hard bed and very uncomfortable pillows, not very much natural light - although i'm sure this would be a problem in most high rise hotels in NYC. Another pet hate of mine - interconnecting rooms! Most of the time this didn't bother us but a couple of nights we had very noisy neighbours and we could make out nearly every word of their conversations! In spite of the bad points i would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here again if i'm lucky enough to return to New York.	
Mar 8 2008 	luxurious	Stayed for three nights in what only can be described as a luxurious room. the bed was huge the bathroom was lovely, a very contemporary feel.It has a great restaurant and bar. A very friendly and relaxed feel.It is located perfectly for all the attractions, Times Square, Rockefeller centre, the diamond district!Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 22 2008 	Not bad	My husband and I stayed at the Flaotel for 1 night during the week. The location is prime for midtown, a little over a block to 5th Ave, not far from theatres, about 10 blocks from Grand Central. We chose this hotel for the location and the price. Got a rate of $229 through Hotels.com for a Deluxe Queen, which was the best rate by far that we found for something that wasn't a 1 or 2-star. The room was large for New York and very clean. The bed was hard, as a previous reviewer noted. It's a platform bed. Bath amenities are nice and the bathroom also is a good size. The tub is deep, but there is only 1 door for the shower, so if you are tall or toward the back of the tub, you will get water all over the bathroom. It wasn't broken, that is the way it is designed. Staff were very polite. I think the best thing was that at night, it was very quiet. For the right price and a short stay, it's worth it.	
Jan 29 2008 	Loved it	Booked a Queen deluxe and found on arrival that we had been upgraded to King Deluxe - must be the picture on the website. The room was huge and very comfortable - I really wish I could have got the huge bed in my luggage to bring home it was so comfortable.Comp mineral water, biscuits, robes and slippers a real sense of arrival.Great location, great staff happy to provide assistance. I was a bit grumpy about having to pay extra for fries and veg with the meal, but the meal was very good.Would highly recommend you stay at Flatotel, I stayed at The Wellington last year which was good but this is better.VERY VERY GOOD.	
Jan 28 2008 	Pretty Nice for 3-star	I took my husband to NYC to see Boyz II Men for his birthday and we stayed at this hotel. It was pretty nice for a 3-star hotel (we normally stay in a 4 or 5-star). A little smaller then what I am use to, but it wasn't too bad The room was very clean. The bed was large (although a bit to firm for me) and the bathtub/shower was larger than most. A nice welcome bag was in our room when we arrived with a few treats:) Staff was very friendly. If you are on a budget, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jan 15 2008 	Delightful stay	Ok, I've never really been bothered to write a review for a hotel before, but I had such an enjoyable experience with this hotel that I just couldn't let the one-star review be the first review that people see for any longer!I'm not discounting that review, nor the reviewer's experience of the hotel - this is just mine.Firstly my other half and I stayed in a renovated double room on the 16th floor which was the biggest room that we have ever stayed in (and especially large for New York, I hear). It was very tidy and had a very clean bathroom with large oval shaped bath. The cleaning staff were very good at keeping it tidy (especially as we generally like to 'spread out' the contents of our suit cases when we arrive anywhere). The hotel staff were polite and courteous with a special nod going to the two concierges who were very knowledgeable and gave us some great tips of how to work New York to our benefit.There was a speedy free internet connection in the business centre that came in very useful for us too.We also ate in the restaurant on Christmas Day which was delicious and plentiful - if not a tad expensive.The only bad points I can really make about the hotel are, firstly, the lifts - it takes ages for one to arrive that is not full! Secondly, there is not much natural light in the room we had. There was adequate lighting in the rooms but no central switchboard so we had to turn on/off seven different lights at a time. Oh, and the reception on the TV was a bit ropey on some channels. I really do consider these three things to be negligible however.The best part about staying at this hotel? Besides the generous space in the rooms, it is the location. You are three blocks north of Times Square and 7 blocks south of Central Park. Plus, there is a subway station about 100 metres away on 53rd st.We have already recommended this hotel to friends and are likely to return should we make it back to New York in the future. I actually started to miss it when looking through other people's candid photos!I hope this review has been helpful.	
Jan 10 2008 	great place to stay in new yorik	We stayed at Flatotel from m16 - 18th Dec 2007. The location is fantastic, on 52nd between 6th and 7th. We walked to: Rockerfeller center, Central Park, Grand Central Station, Times square and everything in-between. The room was large, not just by New York standards. Our room was clean and neat.For a stay in New York I thought the location was excellent. The hotel is in very good shape and gives one the feeling of being in a typical European style hotel.Would recommend it.tmuinc@yahoo.com	
Jan 3 2008 	Stay somewhere else	I travel to NYC each year for Christmas and each time, I try to stay in a different neighborhood. This year was midtown, and the Flatotel is ideally situated for theater, museums, and the park. That's the nicest thing I can think to say about my stay. Here's the rest:1. When we arrived, the room was not yet ready so we wandered the city, but not before noticing the other four sets of travelers who were in stranded in the lobby waiting for their not-yet-ready rooms. Eventually, the room was readied (two hours after check-in time), but we were so happy to be in NYC, it was no big deal. 2. I pre-paid for a 5-night stay in a queen non-smoking room. As soon as the elevator doors opened on our floor, we were hit with a solid wall of smoke and I knew that we had been given a smoking room. This was further confirmed when we walked into the room and saw the big ashtray on the desk. Duh. I called downstairs and asked to be moved to a non-smoking room (I had a copy of the receipt specifying non-smoking) and was told that there were no non-smoking rooms available for the duration of my stay. I told the employee I would really like them to figure something out and to their credit they called back and offered to move us to an &quot;unrenovated&quot; non-smoking room on a higher floor. They also did kindly let us see the room before we decided whether to move. The new room was as big as an apartment, and did not smell like smoke. We took it.3. Turns out that the reason the new room did not smell like smoke was that it smelled like cheese. Funky, funky cheese. The smell of fontina cheese was charging up from the kitchen through the elevator shaft. As we rode down elevator from the 32nd floor, we realized that each floor smelled either like smoke or like cheese. Glad we chose cheese. 4. Next day, card key does not work. Go down 32 floors to have it reprogrammed, go back up 32 floors to try again. Card key does not work. Go back down 32 flights, they had programmed it for the old room. Back up. . . etc. 5. Slow elevators.6. Bizarrely hard bed. Really, really hard. Actually woke up during the night because my arms had fallen asleep at the shoulders. Sore, sore, sore. 7. Weird housekeeping service. They made the bed, but no vacuuming or cleaning the sink, no replacing shampoo, soap, or conditioner. Since two of us were staying there for 5 nights, we ran out. I left a note on day 3 for replacements. 8. Next day, card key does not work. (No, I wasn't keeping it next to my phone or other cards). Go downstairs to have it reprogrammed, am told that the &quot;subway demagnetizes the cardkeys&quot; Okay. Never happened to me in any of my other trips to NYC, but whatever. 9. Next day, card key does not work. Have to remind the desk clerk to program it for more than just that day. Card key works for the duration of the trip, despite many, many trips on subway. 10. The last night at the Flatotel: the mirror that is affixed to the ancient, rotting bathroom door with mini screws from the 1960's finally gives up and crashes onto the bathroom floor, shattering into a billion pieces. Front desk is apologetic and concerned for everyone's well-being, maintenence does a great job with the shop vac of getting everything vacuumed up, manager drops by and offers to move us to a different room (and trade cheese for smoke? no thanks!). 11. Finally make it out of Flatotel. So disastrous that it's comical. Bright spot: some of the staff try really, really hard, especially the young men who deal with the bags. Problem is, they're always trying to play catch-up. Management needs to be more proactive. Great midtown location and new bedspreads may get them in the door, but lack of attention to detail and letting problems slide by won't get anyone to come back. p.s. Whoever did this hotel's website should get some kind of award for special effects or maybe lighting. What's the equivalent of an Academy Award for websites? The Webby? This guy should get one. There was some serious mood lighting and photo retouching going on!	
Jan 3 2008	Fantastic Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Flatotel for Christmas, the location and hotel were both excellent. The rooms were large by NY standards and recently refurbished. It is close to all major shopping areas and close to Central Par, Fifth Ave and Times Square. If you want a great restaurant try Rue57 on the corner 57th St and 6th Avenue about 10 minutes from hotel. For the best burger in town try PJ Morans at 48th Street E and 5th	
Jan 2 2008	Amazing	First let me start by saying ignore all of the bad reviews. My Fianc and I stayed at the Flatotel for 6 nights over Thanks giving. The hotel is right in between time square and central park which are both a short walk away. We stayed on the 8th Floor and the room looked just like the one in the photo on the website. Its very big with nice bathroom. Very large Comfy bed, Large TV and in room safe. As well as a large fridge and coffee making facilities we also had a bottle of champagne and chocolates waiting upon our arrival from my Mum as a have a great time. If your staying in New York stay here.	
Nov 30 2007 	It's a large apartment not a hotel room!	I just stayed in the Flatotel while in NYC for a conference. It was the only hotel that was reviewed &quot;above average&quot; by TripAdvisor members that was under $400. It's on 52st, between 6th and 7th Ave. Great location...near subways and only a few short blocks from Times Square and the Theatre District. The rooms seem like converted apartments. They are large, really large. I would estimate that they are around 1000-1100 square feet of space split between a bedroom, 1 1/2 baths, full kitchen, den/living room, and walk in closet. The room (3402) had some paint chips, dings here and there, the carpet was a little worn, but not too badly. The room could have used some sprucing, however, if you are going to be in NYC for more than a few days, want some extra space to spread out, or have others on the trip with you, this makes a good place to stay.	
Nov 27 2007 	Superb Hotel in a Fabulous Location	We booked this Hotel Via Ebookers and it was nothing short of excellent. The staff were extremely helpful and the rooms were spacious and had all facilities that you would expect plus much more.We travelled with a 6 month old baby and the in room microwave, fridge and kettle were brilliant for warming food and keeping it fresh.We stayed in a deluxe room and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever stayed in. The Hotel is in a great location and within 5 minuites of Times Square	
Oct 29 2007 	Great location big rooms	The Flatotel is in a great location below Central Park and between 7 and 5 Avenue. The rooms are large for NY hotels, and nice, but could use some general touching-up. The bathrooms are also large, but could use some more shelves and clothes hooks. We had a room on the 20 floor and had a great view, between the business highrises, of the Time Square tower from which the new years ball drops. The exercise room on the 46 floor has a view of the city that matches any other hotels in the area. But, remember, the Flatotel is a boutique hotel and does not have the amenities you would find at the Sheraton around the corner. For a quick bite in the morning or lunch check out Dukes on the next street below. Also, for a good steak at a reasonable price with a NY atmosphere try Ted's Montana on 52 St. For great NY cheesecake go to Jr's near the Schubert Theater. Overall, we had a great time in NY and loved the convenience and location of the Flatotel.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great location fantastic value and comfortable rooms	As always, I tend to go by the average ratings on Tripadvisor, which means that anything that scores 3 is a good hotel. For everyone who scores it a 4 or higher, there is going to be someone who complains about the bathroom scales not working and scores it a 1.So we chose Flatotel because it currently gets a 3 (which is fine by us) and had a great location at a decent price for the heart of the city. We were not disappointed.On arrival from our Virgin Upper Class flight from UK and a taxi ride from JFK, we were greeted by attentive staff and had room on the 10th floor. It was large for a mid-city room, clean, and had nice furnishings, a fridge, microwave and kettle. The bed was advertised as queen size but actually felt more like a king and we also had a CD player and TV which we didn't watch much of, but it worked fine. The bathroom was spacious and clean, and the shower was great. Maid service was perfect. Absolutely above average in all aspects. During the stay (7 nights) we had no problems with the hotel and used the gym every day (great view on 46th floor) and on one occasionwhen the heavens opened we paid the $20 each to use the wonderful health club across the street. Some have complained that it was too noisy but we had no problems with that either, so we must have been lucky.The main reason for us to come to New York was not to stay in our room, and the location of Flatotel could not be any better, a few blocks south from Central Park, between 6th and 7th. Walking distanceto some great restaurants (including Gordon Ramsay, which is at the London, one block north). After an exhausting but fantastic trip to New York, I would recommendFlatotel for great value, good rooms and location. We didn't see the apartment rooms but I hear they are great for families.To put Flatotel into perspective, think of your average room in a Holiday Inn next to an airport (clean, functional). It's a lot betterthan that. Then think of 5 star luxury of the Connaught or Claridges in London. Flatotel is not quite as nice. Therefore I'm going to go for a 4 out of 5 (location helps).	
Sep 28 2007 	Give this staff a better hotel to work at!	Let me start by saying - great staff, nice people, couldn't have been more polite, attentive &amp; professional. Common area in the lobby - very nice and presentable. Let's take all the staff and move them to a nicer place. They deserve it.But above the first floor - pretty much a dump. Well, it was clean, so I shouldn't call it a dump. But no way does it deserve a 4 star rating, which is what I found when I was desperately looking for a place to stay this week and the city seemed to be totally sold out. I'd give it 2 stars. Place looked like it had been used as a college dormitory room for 20 years, then , &quot;presto-chango, you're a hotel.&quot; Damaged parquet floors, worn &amp; tired furniture, terrible, noisy air conditioning, uncomfortable bed, shower that didn't work right, TV reception poor, no alarm clock in the bedroom. I did like the decrepit bathroom scale - I magically lost 15 pounds by travelling to NYC. Unfortunately, gained it back by the time I returned home.If it had cost me $200 instead of $580 (including taxes) I would have said I got what I paid for, but as it is, wow, stellar disappointment. With this price I can't even recommend it to tourists on a budget!	
Sep 26 2007 	Wonderful Large Rooms!	I've stayed at the Flatotel several times and will continue to do so, it's one of the greatest hotels in Midtown and definitely my favorite. The rooms are large, not just to NYC standards but in general. Although there is a modern feel to the decor, it still feels &quot;homey&quot; and comfortable. Great for business travelers, generous-sized desk and proper desk chair. The bathrooms are wonderful although different (once I had a large soaking tub and another time, just a shower).I've been in the suites and they are fantastic. Definitely worth the splurge if you need extra space.The restaurant and room service are wonderful. The lobby can get crowded during happy hour since the bar is located there.The only cons I can think of is that the elevators are extremely slow and sometimes customer service (i.e. front desk, housekeeping, etc) can be slow. Still, I highly recommend and I'll definitely be back!	
Sep 10 2007 	Dump	I don't normally slam a hotel, but this place is a dump. Travelocity has it rated as a 4 star, but its nowhere close to that, and I think that gives alot of false impressions that this might be something of a hidden gem - a nice, comfortable boutique hotel in upper Midtown. That's just wrong. A standard queen bed room here is just above something you might find in a youth hostel. The hotel is in a good location, and the room was a decent size for NYC, with some closet space and even a few drawers, and there were no bed bugs, but the positives end there. First, the room was non smoking but still wreaked of cigarette smoke, which came in through the vent in the bathroom, along with other assorted noises. It was noisy - we could hear everything in the hallway, including normal conversations. The room's door was metallic and didn't shut very well, it rattled every time someone else opened or closed their door. There was a huge gap between the bottom of the door and the floor. The dark, dingy industrial carpet didn't help deaden any sound either. The platform bed/headboard furniture piece was something straight out of the early 80s. The mattress sat directly on top of a large wooden platform, no box spring. At first, I thought the wooden platform might make the mattress feel too firm, but after lying in it for an hour or so, it felt just like a hammock, no support whatsoever. We had very sore backs the next morning.Although the room was a decent size, the huge, old CRT TV took up about 1/4 of the space, and there's no Video On-Demand system. Instead, they have a VCR hooked up to the TV, just in case you brought some video tapes with you I guess. They do have satellite though.Finally, the bathroom was ok, but dark with noise and cigarette odors coming in through the vent. Its easy to disregard the peeling caulk and mold in the corners of a hotel bathroom, but the cigarette stench was hard to get past since the towels stank. But at least it was roomy with hot water.In my opinion, its not worth the $200/night or so they ask for a room, and certainly not a 4-star quality hotel. If you are offered a deal at less than $150 and don't mind an uncomfortable bed for a couple nights, this place will do.	
Sep 8 2007 	Style over content	Just returned from a 6 day stay. This hotel has had the designer touch. It looks good in all the promotional material but lacks soul or any sense of excitement. All drab greys and browns. As others have mentioned clearly rooms recently refurbished but treatment is very superficially they havent bothered to upgrade or move electrical sockets. So wires for the TV were trailed across the wall. The only way of switching the lights was at the light fitting there was no wall switch this became annoying after a while. The reading light over the bed where too high. Im 63 and could only just reach it when sitting in bed. The quality of finish to the refurbished decorations was very poor (Paint splattered where it shouldnt be, tiles poorly grouted and hinges packed out with clearly visible blocks of plywood and wardrobe doors which were difficult to close). A framed picture or two on the walls would have improved the feel of the room which while adequately sized did no feel particular cosy. There was a couch but it was hard and uncomfortable and you would not have bean able to sit on it and see the TV. Worst of all however was the bed. A rock hard mattress on an unsprung bed base, which despite days of hard core sight seeing to tire us out and the odd relaxing cocktail of the evening still manage to interrupt the sleep of both me and my wife during our stay. We found the lifts slow. Three lifts did not appear adequate for a building of this sizeI have not reason to fault the service the hotel offered. When we asked for more coat hangers these where promptly provided but we tend to keep out selves to our selves and not demand much of the hotels facilities other than the room. We would however commend the doorman who went to great efforts to find us a cab to JFK during Friday rush hour.Had we not booked the hotel through Expedia and got a good price and the 6th day for free we would have been much more disappointed that we were. This hotel is not worth its rack rate and I would urge anyone to be cautious of it at any price. We will not be booking here again at any price mostly because of the bed.	
Sep 8 2007 	Location Location Location!	Lets start by saying that this is not a totally fair review as the lovely girl on our arrival upgraded us to what can only be described as a mini apartment! We were on a floor that made your ears pop with a view overlooking the back of the Sheraton. The room was Fabulous! Living room, kitchen, hugh fride - with an ice dispenser, 2 bathrooms and we think there was a jacuzzi but we didn't know how it worked! Usual american style e n o r m o u s bed and a couple of tellys. Some really nice little touches, chocolates on the pillow at night, dressing gowns, slippers and lovely toiletries! Most of all it's the location that counts and you'd be hard pressed to find a better one in Manhattan if you want the full Broadway/ Times square experience. Don't bother with the restaurant, not if you're hungry as it's style over substance with a menu you could write on the back of a postage stamp. But why would you bother.....when you're seconds away from the hub of the city. This is a stylish hotel with the trump card of having a location that some of the 5* hotels will be charging double the price for. It was great!	
Sep 6 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We booked a three bedroom in the Flatotel. It was very luxurious; the living room was a good size with a huge wall mounted flatscreen t.v. The rooms were were spacious and the beds were very comfortable, the kind that you fall asleep in right away!! The fridge comes with bottled water.There is air conditioning, hot and cold. The bathrooms were nicely laid out in marble and the showers were good. Bathrobes and slippers were in each bathroom (along with lots of towels!). The staff were polite, courteous and eager to help.There is a good gym on the top floor of the hotel. We ate out every night so I apologize for not being able to comment on the restaurant, I'm sure it is nice!There is a business centre downstairs where you can use the internet free of charge. The concierge were very helpful and knowledgeable about New York, especially about restaurants and the locations of clothing stores.The hotel is in an excellent location and is very near Times Square and Central Park is only a short walk away. All the main stores are only a walk way and Chinatown is only a subway ride away (the subway is about a 2 minute walk away.)Overall my stay was very pleasant at the Flat Hotel and I would definetely recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in New York. Thanks for reading and good luck!! If you found this review helpful please let me know.	
Sep 6 2007	great value unbeatable location	Booked through quikbook at a rate of 199/249 sept 2-4 labor day...It was a last minute bday getaway for my husband.This location is phenomenal.(two blocks from rockefeller center,3 block from saks fifth ave, two blocks from times square, 8 blocksfrom central park) If you don't have a lot of time on your visit,stay here. The rooms are clean and have a contemporary feel.Room service was quick and pretty reasonable in price(10 dollars for a pizza). Concierge was very helpful. The front desk coulduse a little more improvement. At check in, the young womanseemed a bit annoyed since we arrived at 900am even though we told here we would come back at three or four.Another person was more helpful and preregistered us and gave us our key so we could go straight to our room after 300pm.I would not hesitate to stay here again on our next trip to NYC.Make sure you are booking a new and remodeled room...	
Aug 25 2007 	Give it a miss	Great location , wonderful staff but room terrible !!! dirty old and run down . we had a 1 bed apartment with kitchen and living area , one bedroon etc , we checked in and then went out to tea and didn't want to return to the hotel it was that bad . give it a miss if you can.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Location and Nice Rooms	Stayed three nights and found it to be a fantastic location. Room was new (ish). Would stay here again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great value for NYC	Pros: Unremodeled suites are enormous compared to most of other NYC hotel rooms and included kitchen, dining area and a balcony. Prices are very competitive. Great location; near central park and Times Square. Staff extremely helpful and responsive. Great for families that need more space.Cons: Unremodeled suite very dated in its looks. Room had some issues (stove, TV, phone) but the staff quickly resolved these. Review: We stayed in an unremodeled room. First, I really appreciate the hotel stating up front which rooms are remodeled and which ones are not. And they also explained to me in advance that the rooms were clean but had a dated look. This proved true. As mentioned above the room was older and had a few issues but I was impressed with the quick response of the hotel staff when we called to report the issues. The hotel staff were all extremely friendly and helpful.	
Aug 6 2007 	Flatotel is seriously Average	First off, the hotel itself is very average. Yes the rooms are large for NY standards, but it's still lacking something. If you don't believe me, please see for yourself.It still feels old and out of touch, although it was recently renovated. Trust me, there are many other hotels in the area that would be better in service and quality, for this price range.As far as business travel goes, it did have complimentary internet access in the rooms and a large work desk.The fitness room on the 46th floor provided decent views, but they only have 1 working treadmill, 1 stationary bike in the top floor, and then downstairs they have free weights and older machines.Regarding location, its good for 5th avenue shopping and Times Square.	
Aug 5 2007 	Hotel is Flat all right	I choose flatotel after a extensive seach on the internet. I booked directly with the hotel. I booked a king unremodled room for the tune of $418.00 a night plus tax for two adults. We stayed 3 nights On arrival we received a Queen bed. Furnishing were in poor taste. The bed sat on the floor with no type of headboard. The sofa was uncomfortable, no additional pillows or blankets to use on the couch while watching TV.The hair dryer was broken, it worked but cold air and no buttons to adjust the speed or temp. We did get our room changed the next day with out any problems. The second room also had run down furniture. We got the king bed and another bed in the L.R.Which we didn't need or ask for. Forget watching TV, both TV 's had so much fuzz that you could only listen to it ! We never receied a paper, water was in the refg. only in the first room but not any in the second room. We had to buy any additonal water. The BR would be hot at night unless you had it turned down which would make the LR ice cold. We were only issued two wash clothes for each day per room. Our first room had a robe and house slippers but the second didn't I travel several times a year and this is the first time I never took pictures of the room.We traveled with friends on this trip that stayed in a different hotel. I am so glad they didn't want to come by and look at our place. I was embarrassed for the price we payed for that quality .The hotel sent me a survey once I got home and I explained my dissopointement but I never heard back from them in any way. I dont usually compainl I just never use that service again and I tell my friends.The room was clean . Bad view of the city.The plus was a bath and 1/2, with a great locatin but overall it was FLAT and I will not stay there again.I	
Jul 25 2007	Completely Average in Every Way	Had a very disappointing stay. Dry cleaning barged in my room in the middle of the day and it wasn't even my dry cleaning. Carpet in the rooms is beat up and old and service was just very inconsistent (my friend received a newspaper in the morning and chocolates at night while I received neither).	
Jul 15 2007 	Excellent location and hotel	We had two rooms for three nights. Have stayed in probably 20 other hotels in New York and this was the nicest. Rooms were extremely large by New York standards and very nicely furnished, with excellent bedding. Hotel is fairly new and is in excellent condition. The hotel is on 52nd between 6th and 7th, a great location for 5th Avenue, Times Square and Central Park. Staff was excellent to deal with. By all means consider this hotel if you are staying in New York.	
Jul 11 2007	Functional with service problems	Selected this hotel because of its proximity to the theater district.Checkd in around 11 p.m. after a tiring 4-hour car ride. The room was stifling because the air conditioner wasn't working. The front desk sent an engineer who was unable to fix it. In addition, the pull-out sofa bed was not made up (as we had ordered), and didn't even have sheets or blankets. Also, the desk lamp didn't work.We requested another room, which they gave us. Much better - at least it was cool. But it wasn't until 1 a.m. that we could go to sleep.The furnishings of both rooms were functional, but minimalist. Do not expect high class decor.For a little more money a traveler could do better.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Location Terrific Little Place	The location (right around the corner from both Sheraton hotels) is amazing - very close to Times Square, Central Park and all the best in midtown Manhattan. That was the key for me because I had appointments nearby.The front desk stumbled with my reservation but that could have been the fault of my reservation service. The porters and concierge were friendly and the latter was extremely helpful. We were trying to find a &quot;greek restaurant starting with the letter 'M'&quot; and he found it!Our room was larger than average and we needed a cot and it was very comfortable. All the fixtures worked well and all the ameneties were there. The room had a big desk with a real office-style chair where a business traveler could *comfortably* (wow) get some work done. I believe internet access was free.I was unable to get a room with 2 double beds and that was a bit of a disappointment but, again, my reservation service may have fumbled that.	
Jun 27 2007 	Nice location poor security	I stayed at the Flatotel for a long weekend visit to NYC at the beginning of June. We arrived Saturday morning, June 9th and planned on leaving our luggage with the front desk until we could check in later in the day, however the person at the front desk said he would check and see if a room was available for us to check in early. We were pleasantly surprised that an early check-in would be accommodated and we went straight to our room.Late Saturday afternoon we arrived in our room after walking around the city to get ready for dinner that evening. There was a letter addressed to a different guest with a box of cookies from Moda. We assumed that since we checked in early the paperwork wasn't checked and we just received another guest's letter and cookies and left it on the table. We went to dinner for the evening and returned around 12:45am. As we approached our room we thought it was strange that we could hear such loud voices that seemed to be coming from our room, but we assumed that maybe the walls were thin and that we were hearing our neighbors. We tried to open the door, but it was latched shut. Strange since neither myself or my friend were in the room. Someone inside our room opened the door and we asked why were they in our room. There were six people in our room sitting on our beds, eating the box of cookies the hotel had left as well as our snacks. They said they thought they were in their room; that they had forgotten their room keys and that the security guard had let them into the room. And they said, &quot;Isn't this room xxx?&quot; and we replied, &quot;No, this is room xxy.&quot; They quickly left our room and apologized. I believe it was an honest error on their part, but I don't understand why the security guard who let them in the room didn't check the guest names before letting them into our hotel room. Sunday morning I reported the incident to the front desk and asked the gentleman at the front desk to check that room service or phone calls weren't made since we were not in the room. The gentleman working tried to get the manager so we could let her know what had happened to us but said she had stepped out and he said he would relay the incident to her and that she would contact us. We never received any response from management during or even after our stay. Upon checkout Monday I let the gentleman who we spoke with on Sunday know that the manager had never contacted us and he said the manager was out but asked that we share the incident with his supervisor. She took down my contact details, name, phone number and email address and again told us the manager would be in contact with us.Once I returned home I waited a week for any response from management and then followed up with a phone call and an email. Nearly a month later management has still not contacted us.	
May 20 2007 	Huge and Wonderful	This is the place to stay in NYC! I booked this hotel directly for a girls' weekend (3 women) in a 2 bedroom suite. The suite was 1800 square feet, 2 full baths and 1 half bath, a full kitchen, dining room, living room and two large bedrooms each with a comfy king bed. The lobby is small, but very efficient and we liked the staff very much. Everyone was super friendly. When we arrived, our suite did not have a safe. The front desk immediately sent someone to us who installed a safe! Housekeeping was excellent - very clean. Room service was quick and good. We walked to shows (and if you have not seen Spring Awakening - GO!! It was the BEST SHOW EVER!) and restaurants. Perfect location and what a bargain! Our 1800 square feet unrenovated suite was $635 a night!	
May 6 2007 	Not for the disabled	After calling to make sure my room was ready, I arrived with my small working service dog and was greeted at checkin with &quot;no dogs allowed here.&quot; I explained that I had informed the hotel that I had a service dog when booking the reservation and offered to show the animals credentials, the front desk person called the manager on duty and security. They refused to look at the papers and the manager said, &quot;you're not blind.&quot; I politely explained the nature of my disability paperwork in hand. He would not look at it and said that &quot;this hotel does not permit service dogs.&quot; They turned me away and would not listen to reason and would not read my paperwork.	
Apr 21 2007	a perfect boutique hotel	I stayed at this hotel for a business trip and I must say, I had a wonderful experience. The rooms are very well decorated, very modern, nice toiletries. The staff was very helpful, room service was excellent! It's a in a great location just a walking distance to 5th ave. Would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 6 2007 	Start spreading the news!	This hotel room was a little dark; could have done with a few more lights!Apart from that it was great...comfortable, clean, great location, trendy/nicely decorated, good toiletries (Molton Brown)What more can I say?	
Apr 4 2007 	Great value for the space	I booked this hotel based on the large room sizes and was not too worried by the reviews as we had got a very good deal, nearly half of what Expedia were asking for. I had booked a 1 bed apartment for 4 people and was expecting an unrenovated room, I got a partially renovated room and was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The sofabed was not bigger enough for two, but within 10 minutes they brought up a roll away bed. The deco was fine, new carpet and furnishings, bar the curtains and the kitchen, but everything else was great.We were quite demanding asking for additional items for the room and got them promptly without complaint. I didn't find anyone rude or offhand and didn't expereince (which I have in other hotels) long queues of complaining people. My only minor complaint was the shower was a bit low.I would go back in a hearbeat for the price I got - we got the 1 bed for 900 - I defy anyone to find a 1 bed apartment in central NY for that price.	
Apr 3 2007	Good Value for Money	After reading mixed reviews I was a bit unsure what to expect when I got to New York for the New Year celebrations (I know I'm a little late postng the review!) Got into our room, oh how surprised I was, it was massive, having previously stayed in another hotel 3 years ago this was like a palace - massive lounge, massive bedroom, loads of cupboards space and the bathroom was really nice even had a jacuzzi bath, must of had about 8 towels in the room for 2 of us and a dressing gown, fridge/ freezer .The location was excellent very close to Central Park and Time Square, 5th Avenue, most things really, a very central location.I would definatly stay hear again, the hotel is generally good, you have to bear in mind (which most people don't) that your in New York city and the cost of staying hear is going to be higher than most other European/American city.If you want a 3 star hotel book into here. You get what you pay for. Well worth recommending and a visit!	
Mar 31 2007	Big Mistake	The hotel has partially been renovated. They put us in an unrenovated room probably because we booked through Expedia. It was horrible. I cant believe they would put anyone in there. It was late so we didnt change until the next day. Room was much better but the overall service was very mediocre.	
Mar 30 2007	Nice but a few problems	We stayed for three nights and had a good experience. The location is great and it was easy to get to attractions like MoMA and Fifth Avenue. The hotel is very nice and has a very modern look and feel to it. The staff is helpful but seem to not have the same &quot;can do&quot; attitude you find at larger hotel chains.However behind this pretty &quot;window dressing&quot; were a few problems. The shower made a horrible shaking sound any time you turned the water pressure up. I notified the front desk of this problem and they said engineering would look at it but nothing was fixed. I heard the same noise from surrounding rooms several times during our stay. The elevators were incredibly slow and one even broke down for several hours on Saturday night. And I would not recommend eating at Moda, the restaurant in the lobby. While it may look nice, you would get a much better meal at any of the restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel.Overall, it was a nice hotel but they really need to work on making it a &quot;complete&quot; establishment.	
Feb 15 2007 	Flatotel left me feeling flat ...	This hotel is wonderfully located ...but I really didn't like it. The entrance is pretty nondescript and when we arrived at around 6:30 pm the hotel lobby was fullof people, loud music - it looked like a (bad) bar. The reception staff 'processed' us, no-one offered to help us with our bags - it all left me feeling pretty flat (sorry about the pun). The room was spacious, but with air con raging (it was snowing!) it was like an ice-box. when you turned the air con to heating it sounded like you were in the engine room of a cruise liner. The finish of the bathroom was appalling, tiles broken, lights didn't work, peeling paint. For $400 a night, you can do way better.	
Feb 9 2007	Good 3 Star!!!	After reading mixed reviews I was a bit unsure what to expect when I got to New York. We arrived just after 2:20pm and when we pulled up outside I was very impressed, went inside to be meet by a very nice entrance/sitting area/bar area.There where 2 people on the door, neither of which even offered there service's to open the door or help us with our luggage!!Started checking in, and my first impressions of the staff was that you where putting them out by being there, the woman on the desk was trying to check us in whilst answering numerous phone calls. After checking in we went up to our room, yet again nobody offered a hand with our luggage. Got into our room, oh how surprised I was, it was massive, having previously stayed in another hotel 3 years ago this was like a palace - massive lounge, massive bedroom, loads of cupboards space and the bathroom was really nice even had a jacuzzi bath, must of had about 8 towels in the room for 2 of us and a dressing gown.Fully equiped kitchen with fridge, freezer, washing machine, cooker.One thing we found was that the electrics where a bit dodgy, we used the hair dryer and it tripped the electric out, but when reported on our way out an engineer was sent up straight away to fix it, but generally the plug sockets looked suspect, some switch's weren't much better!!!Location was excellent very close to Central Park and Time Square, 5th Avenue, most things reallyI would definatly stay hear again, the hotel is generally good, you have to bear in mind(which most people don't) that your in New York city and the cost of staying hear is going to be higher than most other European/American city.If you want a 3 star hotel book into here, if you want a 5 star hotel then book into a 5 star hotel!!!	
Feb 3 2007 	Good Hotel For NYC	I stayed in this hotel for a business trip last October. After having stayed at the Hilton round the corner half a year earlier, I must say that the Flatotel is much better. My room was spacious and clean, although the furniture was a bit dated. Bathroom was big, clean and newly renovated and provided lots of towels and toiletries. Plenty of hot water.The elevators were definitely a bit slow, and the staff lost my luggage when I was checking out and it took them quite a while to find it - although the storage room is really small. They were very apologetic, but couldn't offer me some room were I could open my suitcase to pack all my shopping bags. I had to do it in the (crowded) lobby which I found quite embarrassing.Location is absolutely great, but don't expect any nice views - too many high rises around.I would stay there again!	
Jan 24 2007 	Great hotel in a great Midtown location.	Classy and contemporary decor, very clean and an attentive staff. Prices are a bit steep, but not out line for a midtown location. My only complaints are that they don't use fitted bottom sheets on the bed, and the clock radio is very difficult to set alarm time to. I couldn't even figure out how to turn on the radio! Overall, I would return, and would reccomend others to visit.	
Jan 22 2007	Always a surprise	I stayed in the hotel twice in the past 12 months. First in April of 2006 and then again in January of 2007. Here is what happened in April. My assistant booked me into a junior suite. When I checked into my room it looked very small for a suite, however i attributed it to the &quot;New York factor&quot;. Upon my return home i checked the hotel's website and realized that they gave me a &quot;superior room&quot; instead. That was really annoying. On the plus side was the convenient location to my meetings, very quick and efficient check in and check out service and great in-room dining. So in January i gave it another try. This time I booked myself into a superior room and made sure that i pointed that out at the check in. Well, this time I received a two bedroom two bath suite (!). I guess the conclusion here is that you never know what you are going to get when you book into Flatotel. So be nice to the front desk person and hope for the best.	
Dec 20 2006 	Great value	This was by far the best value I found for a 2-night stay (mid-week), 2 weeks before Christmas. All other hotels in the area were $200-$300 more. Went there for business, and stayed an extra night to do touristy things.Definitely no frills. This is not the place if you want to splurge for a special romantic occasion. There's not a line of spit-polished bellmen waiting to open doors for you. No chandelier in the lobby or marble counters in the bathroom. It's probably equal to a Holiday Inn. That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars. Decorating style is modern, cosmopolitan. Again, no frills, but very clean. Our room was almost twice as big as what we found at the Hudson last year. There was room to lay out suitcases without tripping over them. The bed was a little too soft for me, but fairly comfortable. Bathroom was very clean, with plenty of towels, toiletries and hairdryer provided. Room also had an iron, microwave, and small frig. Also a pot to heat water, and individual coffee bags (not a real coffee maker). The hotel restaurant left us a welcome box of cookies.One catch -- one night we didn't have hot water, but the rest of the time we had plenty (including morning peak times). Not sure what that means, but it's good to know.Location is wonderful. Three blocks from Times Square, two blocks from Rockefeller Center. One block from Museum of Modern Art.Would definitely stay there again. I've stayed in much fancier places, and have had wacky things happen (like when the ultra-swank Michelangelo gave me the key to a room where I found a guy asleep in bed). So I don't believe that a fancy hotel equals a flawless trip. This one was just fine for a tourist.	
Nov 5 2006 	Mediocre hotel but excellent location	Recently stayed here on a weekend with friends and I must say for the price we paid, NOT IMPRESSED. The rooms are small (which is the norm for NYC) and dated. I eventually checked out and got a room at the Hilton on 42nd and was pleased with a room with a comparable rate with much more room &amp; service!!!We had to ask for towels &amp; blankets repeatedly.The remote on the TV did not work and it took a few visits from the staff to assist.Pros:- Excellent location in NYC- Conceirge service was excellentCons:- Slow service from staff- DATED room- overpriced for what you get- staff lost our luggage as we were checking out and it took 30 minutes to find it.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great location	We liked it. Being from MN, 300+ bucks a night is heavy, but everywhere is at least that out there. The room was big, sheets were clean and comfortable, staff was friendly and helpful. Very modern, sleek look. It really didn't blow our socks off, but that's the only place we've stayed in NY so far. The location really was fantastic though.	
Oct 12 2006 	Big rooms convenient location it works!	Recommended. This convenient mid-town location is an easy shot to Times Square and 5th Avenue mainstream areas. Check-in was swift and uneventful. The lobby area is smallish and clearly not a hangout. Rooms appeared to be generally large, floors are small with only ~ 10 rooms per floor. My corner room was exceptional in size. Bedding was comfortable and bath area in modern condition and OK illuminated. Considering mid-town location, rooms were fairly quiet (I was on 17), always ask for higher! Nice amentities. Each floor had only a handful of rooms and with 39 floors serviced by only 2 elevators, the wait time to go up/down can be lengthy. General condition of the property was only OK. Some signs of disrepair and various shades of gray in the dcor didnt help the atmosphere. Food for our conference and in the restaurants was very good as was the service. All in all  nothing not to recommend, depending upon your lodging price  either an exceptional value or over priced.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great location overall a great trip BUT--a few things you should know.	I spent 3 days in April of 2006 at the Flatotel NY. There were 4 adults and 2 young children in a 2 bedroom suite. As promised (via many phone calls to confirm) I booked, and received a &quot;renovated&quot; 2 bedroom suite in the Flatotel. As I understand, about half of the hotel's suites are renovated, and the other half are what I assume to be the original suites which, if you read all the reviews on this site, are allegedly terrible! Whew!Check in went very smoothly, although they expect FULL payment upon checking in. This was something that I found extremely odd and was a bit apprehensive about, but paid anyway.The initial impression of our suite was not very dramatic. HOWEVER, upon further exploration, it is a great unit. You have to remind yourself that you are in Manhattan. If you want a luxurious, large, flawless suite with a full kitchen--be prepared to pay thousands per night elsewhere. Our suite was a corner unit, facing southwest. The views were great, especially for the kids. The windows were extremely large and run along each wall. The coolest thing about this hotel, was that it was CLEARLY a condominium building that was converted to a hotel/suite hotel. Our suite still had a doorbell! (fun for our toddler). The suite had 1 and a half baths, which was fantastic. The bathrooms are in terrific condition and were very clean. The living room was a bit small, and the furniture was a bit uncomfortable. There was, however, a large flat screen TV on the wall as promised. The beds were great and clean, although it is true that they are modern platform beds which have a base that is bigger than the mattress, so lookout to save your ankles! One of the bedrooms had all glass walls, but, could be completely covered with heavy dark drapes to make the room very private. The kitchen was fully stocked, even with cooking utensils, and came in extremely handy! We ate dinner in our suite each night. I recommend using the Ernst Klein market about 1 block north on 6th ave for food. The rumors about the elevators are true. Sometimes you need to wait a bit for an elevator, but, as someone who lived in a highrise for years, if you pretend you're simply waiting for your elevator in an apartment building it's not bad at all. The hotel is in a FABULOUS location. Very close to Times Square, ten minute walk to Toys R Us and Build A Bear. 5-10 min walk to Central Park and enormous playground. The location and price for a suite was what drew me to the hotel. It's a Manhattan hotel that serves it's purpose with cost for a full suite, service, and location. Don't stay here if you expect or want your hotel to be a central focal point of your vacation (ex: Loews, Hilton Times Square). It provides a peaceful retreat from the city (as if you are returning to your own condo in NY) at the end of the day, and the staff is efficient and curteous but stays out of your way. I will end this lengthy (but I hope helpful review) by saying that the concierge, Gregory, is absolutely wonderful! He made our stay so terrific. Anything you need to know, want, etc, Gregory knows the answer, or knows where to get it. Overall--a good experience.	
Sep 6 2006 	Not flawless but worked out great	My sister's chorus had a performance at St. Patrick's Cathedral, so we needed to find a hotel nearby. After months of searching, I found the Flatotel which had everything we were looking for.In order to save on hotel costs, we shared a room with another family from the chorus. In total we had 6 people. We booked a 1 bedroom with pullout sofa. We arrived early and requested a high floor. When we were able to check in, we were extremely happy with the view. We had huge windows in every room (kitchen, living room, bedroom, and bathroom) that let us have spectacular views of the city. We even had a small view of central park which was just perfect!However, our room didn't have the pullout sofa as requested. When we called down, they apologized and immediately offered us another room, with a lesser view. Instead of switching, we had them bring up two rollaway beds, which worked out better. The rollaways were much more comfortable than a pullout sofa could ever be. The king size bed in the bedroom was big enough for three!Our biggest complaint about the hotel was the time it took for them to deliver extra towels and ice. We had to wait around for nearly 3 hours and it took 4 phone calls and a trip downstairs. When the towels arrived, there were probably 10 of each size. Plenty to suffice for the entirety of the trip. Same goes with the champagne sized ice bucket.The staff was always pleasant, accomadating, and apologetic. They owned up to all of their mistakes, rather than making excuses for them.I would recommend this place to anyone. The location is absolutely perfect if you plan on spending a great deal of time in midtown and the theater district, as well as central park.	
Sep 2 2006	The Perfect NY hotel? Not so trendy and rather rude	When we walked it the small reception/bar area it looked like a happening and trendy boutique hotel until we realized it was full of guests waiting for their rooms. We arrived early in the day and didn't get our room until 4pm. Oh did I say our room....no it was some other horrible room, not the room we booked months earlier!!!! From the time we arrived and repeatedly checked back, we were told that they &quot;would put a rush on our room&quot; ....some rush...the excuse they had is that the deluxe king rooms are few in number and that the people who are in the rooms already can pay to check out late. Well, it seems they paid to keep our room an extra night. Or (more likely) the rooms were double booked. When I complained, because it was our honeymoon, they offered to stick us in a smoking room. Having severe asthma, this wouldn't have made for a great scenerio. So we got a room that we didn't want, with a small bed and an dreadful view of the delapitated building next door. Also, we could hear everything in the room next to us...and I mean everything. The supposed trendiness or hipness of the hotel left as soon as you got on the evelators, which are very small . The hotel is generally very dark and the hallways are very narrow.The rooms are supposedly bigger than the average NY hotel, but the reservation system is so horrible the larger rooms don't make up for the stress of getting there. And what is with the bathroom/showers? I assume they were attempting a spa look and feel with the open concept showers, but they are a bit aged and entire room looks more like something out of the YMCA. There is no tub so the water goes everywhere which is dangerous. The staff are nothing but rude...and not just to us....we heard them tell one person who was complaining about their room &quot;This is New York, haven't you ever stayed in New York before.&quot; The next day they moved our bags in the afternoon without telling us to the room we reserved. Nice, but we were soured by then and the staff were still incredibly rude. They gave no explanation for this. It appears that everyone has to check out by early morning, they clean the rooms, then those who are already checked in get moved aroung to the rooms you had originally reserved, and then at 4pm the newly arrived guest fight over rooms. Horrible system.It just set the tone so nicely for our New York honeymoon and my first time to New York....to the point where I don't feel the need to visit the city or hotel again.	
Jul 20 2006	Be Persistent!	Booked a room months in advance, the one they showed us was small, dark and one bank of windows faced another building not two feet away. We would have had to have those drapes closed day and night making the room even darker. Bathroom was dirty. Called down to the front desk and requested another room, this was the only one available which had two beds they said. I left my friend with our luggage and went down in person to speak to the manager who did find another room with two beds. I demanded to view it which I did and it was far better than the one we were in. The maid was still cleaning it so they said to stay in the first room and they would call. After about a half hour (how long does it take?) I went to the lobby again to check on our new room which happend to be done and they were &quot;just going to call&quot;.The new one was ten times better than the one they showed us at first but if I hadn't been persistent in not accepting the crummy one that's where we would have spent four nights. I would not stay here again as there are better hotels in the area with better customer service. I have visited NYC at least 20 times so I am not a newbie.	
Jul 19 2006	good experience at Flatotel	We stayed at Flatotel from July 15-19th, a family of five with 3 boys ages 7-16. Yes we were there during the heatwave.We had been planning the trip for NY for a few months but had a difficult time finding a hotel that would allow 3 children in the room with 2 adults, we could not even get connecting rooms anywhere, no one could guarantee they would be connecting until arrival. Well with 3 kids we could not take that chance and of course want to be in same room or connecting, we were willing to spend $$$ but still no luck. Finally I saw the size of rooms(apartments) at Flatotel, and called, as online I could not book for 5 people. They let us book one of their unrenovated suites no problem and rollaway bed at no extra charge.. I had booked Doubletree in Times Square, thank goodness we switched, it was a mob scene in that area.The room was huge!!! With 3 boys, we needed the space to spread out, even tho we were not there alot since we did all of the tourist attractions.First we arrived on Saturday and the place was dead...got into room and ac didnt work, called down to front desk, within 5 minutes someone came up and adjusted..then it was fine for that night. Following 2 nights air didnt seem as cool but hard to tell since weather was 100 degrees out. Yes furniture and curtains etc were outdated, we knew that in advance, but the place was clean...altho no carpet, it had been torn up and had &quot;parquet&quot; floors which made funny sound when walking on it, but it was clean and better for middle son with allergies Our queen size bed was not very comfortable as we are used to staying at a strwood hotel that uses veryyy comfy down featherbeds and pillows..Requested more towels and pillows...all no problem...didnt use room service or restaurant so can not say how that was, altho restaurant never was busy. Area was ok..nothing much around but easy to walk places...On the weekend the bellhops or doorpeople didnt really say much to us, place seems to cater to mon-fri travelers since we were greeted and asked how our stay was on mon and tues. But that kind of thing was really not too important to us...our 2 younger boys kept going into restaurant to grab a couple candies, so one nice lady there got a cup FULL for them to take...that was a very nice touch for the kids. other than that I dont think anyone ever spoke to them, definitely caters more towards business or foreign travelers from what I could see. We did go up to workout &quot;space&quot;...nice view but way too hot in there, at least during that heatwave. All in all it was a good experience, could not get a bigger space in NYC! We later found a better deal online and got the better price thru CSR at $269 per night!not bad for about 1000 sqaure feet! My husband and I are used to paying a much higher price in Nyc for just the 2 of us at one of the W&quot;s, so this was a great deal for us. We were willing to pay at least twice that if a hotel would just guarantee connecting rooms...c'est la vie! We would stay there again , if we have the kids with us....	
Jul 13 2006 	Dont go there	No A/CHoles on my sheets, asked to change them told me they didnthave any more availableFor the price you expect more. I suggest Holiday Inn Chinatown, small but nice and Hudson very chic!	
Jul 13 2006 	Terrible	Its says it all	
Jul 11 2006	Giant Rooms	Over the Memorial Day weekend my wife and I took a trip to the City. It was her first trip there and my first time staying in Midtown! The location was great, the rooms were HUGE. We had a kitchen area. My friend who lives in the city said our room was bigger than his two bedroom apartment. However our room was not the most modern. However, they were very clean and the workers were very pleasant. We were located within a two minute walk to the shops on fifth avenue. This was great, because when I was too tired to continue shopping I headed back to the hotel. Within 5-10 minute walk to Times Square, Broadway, Empire State Building, Central Park. We took cabs from the hotel on several occasions and it was never too expensive. To and from Laguardia-$35. To and from Battery Park/ Ground Zero- $11. To and from Greenwich Village $8. Overall i was very impressed with this hotel and look forward to staying their in the future!	
Jul 10 2006	Complete Disappointment!!	I spent my weekend there and to be honest it was a complete disappointment. The air conditioner was not working, the water is the bathroom was boiling hot it was just a bad experience all together. Not to mention the the white curtains that were yellow with stains and stuff. The lobby is so gloomy as well. Think twice before going there.	
Jun 28 2006 	Biggest Rooms I have Ever Had in NYC!	I have stayed at so many NYC hotels now to know that if I see the word &quot;Boutique&quot; in the description I steer well clear as the rooms will be tiny (eg. the Shoreham, the Paramount, the Hudson and so on). The Flatotel is, however, completely different. The rooms are spacious, handy if you are in town for more than a couple of nights. They are nicely decorated, clean and all have a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities. The showers are fantastic, powerful and hot, and if you can get a plug the bath is great too. I was disappointed to see that this time around the toiletries had been changed from Molton Brown, but the new stuff is amazing! Big TV in the room and very importantly they have HBO (for all Brits that means watching movies with no ad breaks!!). I did have a suite once and they are in need of a make over (they need to lose the pale pink leather sofa!!), but the regular rooms are nicely done. The bar is friendly and a place a lone traveller can sit and not be pestered!! As with most NY hotels, breakfast is expensive - head out to a deli or Starbucks its cheaper! Avoid Lindy's for breakfast though, its expensive and not very good, there are better places on 6th if you fancy pancakes or eggs etc. The touristy stuff is all within easy reach on foot, by cab or if you are brave enough the subway! I would stay here every time if budget allowed.	
Jun 26 2006	A really nice hotel in the heart of New York	We stayed here for 2 nights in mid June. The staff was very attentive to all our requests. The room was very clean and modern. Lighting in the room could have been a little brighter, but that would be our only gripe. The location was wonderful. We could walk almost everywhere. The open-air bar next to the hotel was very nice on a hot summer day. The staff was well trained and went out of their way to make our visit enjoyable. We were suprised on how quiet our room was. We could not hear any traffic or hall noise while we were in the room. The bed was extremely comfortable. Elevators were clean and very fast. We would stay here again when we visit New York	
May 22 2006	Best Location Best of Everything	My wife and I stayed at Flatotel during a long weekend in May 06. First, I will say that the hotel could not have a better location. We were right around the corner from Radio City, Rockefeller Center, MOMA and Central Park. We could walk to pretty much anything that we would want to see on Broadway and Times Square. In fact, we walked to our show. Great savings on Cabs! Another bonus was that we were directly across the street from one of Bobby Flay's restaurants. (Bar Americain). Try it...You'll love it. Don't believe any of the negative press that you may read. The place is wonderful. Back to Flatotel, the staff is great and the rooms are amazing. Very big! We will stay there again!	
Mar 15 2006 	Cool modern and a bit aloof-but easy to stay here	I stayed here for several days in March. Hotel is on a side street, nice and discreet, and lobby is dark and modern with a cool little bar to hang out in. My renovated room was very large and modern, unlike most NYC tiny hotel rooms. That was a big plus. I was on 12th floor and my room did not get a lot of daylight - so it was a bit dark, but no big deal. Bathroom was a good size with counter space to hold make up bath items. Shower was hot, and bath amenities were high end. Plenty of closet space. Concierge - Sergio - easily made a reservation for me at trendy restaurant in town. Hotel is in a great location, and there are coffee shops, delis and nice restaurants all around. Workout room is borderline passing, 1 bike, 2 treads, and weight equip., but you can go for extra $$ to a place down the street if you are athletic purist. Bar downstairs has easygoing crowd, best bar snack mix you have ever had. This place almost has the feel of an apartment residence, you just come and go without much fanfare or attention - people are not falling over themselves to help you but if you need something they will assist. My laundry came a day late, I complained, no one really sorry about it, but that is life in big city. Could easily go back.	
Dec 21 2005	Great Stay at the Flatotel	I read and re-read the reviews on this site before traveling to New York and they are for the most part, pretty on key. The location is the absolute best part of the Flatotel. Situated between Times Square and Rockefeller, you can't find a better spot. Great bars and restaraunts on the same street. This hotel is very modern, very cold and not quite the 'homey' feel. The reservation clerks were helpful but borderline rude at the same time. Like our party was 'putting them out' to ask a question or suggestion. I did not feel like an appreciated customer at any time. After leaving the Four Seasons the night before, man, what a difference their staff makes. We had four rooms at the Flatotel. Our room was a two bedroom suite with a balcony. Probably the best part of this trip. The balcony, only one of about 3 in the hotel, was a great touch. The beds in each room were stone hard, linens were comfy. Our living area had two of the most uncomfortable chairs, no sofa. For two families, this was painfully inconvenient. The bathrooms were nice and plenty of closet space. The other room was a one BR suite and had much more sofas in a huge great room and accommadted two adults and three kids nicely. The third room we had was in the unrenovated part and was so bad, they had to switch rooms to be more like the fourth room, a deluxe BR which accomodated one adult and two kids. Point is, renovated rooms are the only way to go. I had read on here about the elevators being slow, we didn't experience any too terribly long waits for these. The bar is great, bartenders are pretty friendly and knowlegable, fun to have some drinks before dinner. We all decided that if we go back to NYC, we would definitely consider staying at the flatotel again.	
Dec 21 2005	Very Cozy!	I loved this hotel- we checked in hours early and were given a room. We asked to check out later and did so without penalty. The staff were all very nice and it was blocks from Times Square. We had a large room with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. We used the frigde because it was so hot! There was a free paper outside out door some days which was nice and the front desk was quite accomodating for movie theatre request locations etc. I woul dstay there again- also, we took the limo liner from Boston and it dropped us off a street over and we were able to walk to the hotel. The fitness room is small but enough for a couple people to get a workout in with a great view. The only strange thing was in the shower: it was a half plate of glass 9see pic) you could not only see through completely, but water sprayed out of when you took a shower.	
Oct 10 2005	very classy hotel	I stayed at the Flatotel with 2 other ladies ( one room) Oct 2-6 2005. From the moment we arrived, we knew this was going to be a classy hotel. The lobby is quiet and tastefully decorated and the front desk staff were always welcoming, helpful and polite. The room was a remodelled double on the 24 floor. We had two full size very comfy beds with cozy duvets and pillows. The bathroom was very large, modern and immaculate. There was ample drawer and closet space for 3 ladies. Our room had all the amenities required such as a kettle with coffee and tea, microwave, fridge, hairdryer, and safe. The location on 52 St between 6th and 7th avenues was wonderfully central and within walking distance of many major attractions. It was far enough away from Times Square that you felt away from all the hubub. There is a Starbucks across the street which was great to get a good coffee in the morning.If you want to take in a great view of the city, you can take the elevator to the 46th floor health club and gaze away . There are large windows on three sides.This hotel was originally an apartment block turned into a hotel thus the name:&quot;flat&quot;otel. I booked it through skyauction and got it for $US 220 per night incl all taxes. You pay a premium in New York Sep-Dec so you could get it cheaper in the summer or after Christmas. A room with a king bed is a bit cheaper as well. I have stayed in many hotels all over the world as I travel for a living. This was extremely comfortable, very classy and uncrowded. Not a touristy hotel at all.I'd go back to skyauction to book again as it could cost as much as $350/night in high season to book directly with the hotel.	
Oct 6 2005 	Worst suite I've ever stayed in	I travel a lot, all over the US and to NY about 3-4 times a year. On a previous occasion I had visited a friend that was staying in a standard room at this property, and while her room was small (typical NY size), it was nicely renovated. Based on this, I decided to stay here in one of their suites. At $500/night, I expect certain things about a room...none of them were met here.First off, my room was not renovated like my friends had been. The vinyl furniture looked dirty and sun faded. The rest of the furniture was dated and tattered. The walls were gouged. The room smelled stale. The king bed was two awful twin mattresses pushed together. The sheets were what you would expect at a lower level/econonmy hotel. The bed was low like in those places also... The curtain rods didn't function properly in either room. The closet shelves were dirty. There was only dial up connection available in my room, yet in the lesser (yet renovated) rooms elsewhere in the hotel, they had high speed connections in the room. The picture they post above is not even close to what my room looked like (see my photo for actual suite decor).I would have complained to have another room given to me, but the first one I was in was the same way...except with a murphy bed in the middle of my living area that, while it could be folded up, had no cabinet doors to conceal it. I think the only way to have improved my surroundings would have been to go to a lesser room, but I needed the space (I will say the room was spacious) for the meetings I had set up during my stay. Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it...and just not go back. There are plenty of other suite accomodations in that price range that far exceed what the Flatotel offers.	
Oct 2 2005	good stay but....	We visit NYC 4-6 times a year, and generally stay at different hotels depending on what our plans are, and price. The Flatotel is well located for most mid-town activities, and my wife and I enjoyed our stay, for the most part. We were on the 18th floor across from the elevators, and were pleased with how quiet our room was. Other reviewers have mentioned noise, but it wasn't a problem for us, even though there was plenty of activity going on on 52nd Street.The room was nicely sized and comfortable. There was plenty of drawer space, something not always the case in many hotels. The bathroom could have had more hooks, particularly near the shower, but was quite large and well fixtured. Our room contained a microwave oven, a fridge that we could have used, and a nice desk area. We missed not having a coffee brewer in the room, although a hot water heater and single serve coffee bags were provided. Fresh coffee is available in the downstairs lobby.Why does a 40+ floor hotel only have two elevators available for guests? A few times we had to wait over five minutes for one to arrive, and they were packed on more than one occasion. We were fortunate to have very fine weather during our stay, but I can certainly understand how not having air conditioning in the hallways, bathroom and elevators would be unacceptable during the hot and humid season.	
Aug 27 2005	Don't Look Too Closely...	Modern design hotels often choose style over substance in attempting to create an atmosphere of trendy elegance or beautiful comfort. But when they sacrifice comfort for style, they end up like the Flatotel: the trendy design makes the hotel seem more than it is - it looks nice, but it's not very comfortable. Good design means paying attention to detail. Examples of where the Flatotel doesnt measure up in this regard: a bed platform that is bigger than the bed (we constantly banged our legs walking around it); no air conditioning in the bathroom (in the middle of a hot summer); no place to hang the bathrobes or towels in the bathroom; a trendy chair that is uncomfortable to sit in. While these details may seem minor, they add up to a decidedly average hotel experience  a surprise when the hotel at first appears to offer so much more. We stayed at the Flatotel during a typically hot New York summer weekend and learned first-hand that the hotels renovation from a condominium missed a few things: the hallways and the elevators were hot and uncomfortable and seemed to be a frequent topic of conversation among other guests during our stay. On a more positive note, the concierge staff at the Flatotel is friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable. We received great service from both the Chef Concierge and his colleague and appreciated their recommendations for Broadway shows and dining options. The check-in staff was also very good: the woman helping us went out of her way to make sure we had a nice room (even upgrading us one level and putting us on a high floor for a good view) and was friendly and courteous throughout our stay. Too bad the check-out staff didnt live up to the standards set by our arrival. There are two very simple things that you should expect to hear at any hotel (of any level) upon check-out: how was your stay? and thank you. Unfortunately, the check-out staff at Flatotel forgot these basic actions. The Flatotel may look nice, but like your mother always told you, its whats on the inside that counts.	
Aug 19 2005 	Flatotel - nothing exceptional	Stayed at the Flatotel on Monday 15th and Tuesday 16th for $225 per night. I gave this hotel an above average rating ONLY because of the size of the room (quite large for NYC) and the good location. Otherwise, the room was nothing special. I probably wouldn't stay here again - would give somewhere else a try. I did not try the restaurant or room service dining so I cannot speak to that. It was close to the B/C/E subway lines and an easy walk to Times Square and the theatres. Not real easy to catch a cab out on 52nd though. It was easier to walk around the corner and get a cab immediately in front of the Sheraton NY on 7th Ave.Flatotel is one of those rather modern-flair hotels that seem to be trying a bit too hard to come off hip. The lobby is nothing special - some atypical seating such as couches/benches with some covered in animal skins. The small lobby bar has nothing intimate about it and is rather unappealing. The elevator lobby looked rather shabby. The walls were in bad shape. I can only hope they are in the process of getting ready to paint or something. Women at the front desk could be more friendly while the men who handled the bags were efficient and good at opening the door for patrons so they didn't have to use the revolving door. Upon check-in, the woman at the front desk stated she sees that I have reserved a queen room. I said that I had reserved a deluxe king. She said then states that the computer says I requested a queen. So I had to dig out my confirmation email and physically point out to her where it said deluxe king. Very irritating. This isn't the first time that a hotel has claimed that I booked something other than what I actually did. She then proceeded to give me the room I requested. I was in a corner room with a view of some building across the street on 52nd. Now to the room - it was acceptable though not quite as rich looking as in the photos. I reserved a deluxe king room. Other than the size of the room being on the large side, there wasn't much I would consider really deluxe. Drab gray wall color/carpet/door trim but at least the headboard was unique and desk chair comfortable. Mostly it was the finer points that were off. The room description said a VCR in room but there was none. Just the empty dusty shelf under the TV. One of my main complaints is that the hotel TVs are too low to properly view while lying in bed. This one was higher than some but still not high enough. The cable reception was bad on many channels. It was either snowy or had digital blips messing up the audio/video. Minor but shouldn't be happening in a hotel like this for my entire stay. The light in the bathroom is very poor for putting on makeup. It was an overhead flourescent light that cast horrible shadows. A wooden shelving unit is installed in the mirror for tolietries and has the electrical plug-in. A perfectly fine idea except it was executed poorly. It's placement is such that the usable mirror area over the sink is rather narrow. The shelves should have been placed over towards the toliet more. Probably something to do with where the wall studs were. Because you have to stay over to one side of the sink to use the mirror area, you get the door handle in your hip. The frosted glass in the bath door, while interesting, isn't heavily frosted enough to keep light from completely annoying anyone else trying to rest in the bed.As many know, it has been really hot in NYC this summer. What could be better than getting into your room and fixing a cold drink to relax? But, I couldn't find where the ice machines were. I called the front desk and they said they had to provide me the ice. Great. Now I have to tip someone to get a bucket of ice AND I had to wait half an hour for it to arrive. More and more hotels are doing this. I wish they would just have an ice machine/soda vending machine on at least every other floor for those of us who prefer to do it themselves without the wait. Plus, it is a non-insluated metal bucket that got condensation everywhere and the ice melts completely within an hour or so. It had so much condensation that I actually had to place it in the sink. There are perfectly tasteful insulated ice buckets on the market that they should be using. There were no paper coasters for the glasses either so condensation got on the table/desk. I had to use hand towels to set my drinks on. The maid was hit or miss on small things. One day no bar soap. Then the next day only one washcloth. Refrig wasn't plugged in and took hours to cool down so that I could bring back sodas to my room (so I didn't have to pay for someone to bring me them to). As you see, basically minor beefs but I still expected a bit more for this class of hotel. I won't be coming back here.	
Aug 17 2005	Loved the Flatotel in NYC	Great Location and the size of room and bathrooms are large for New York standards. The staff was helpful and entire hotel was clean. But I won't go to New York City in August if I can help it cause it is HOT and I'm from Miami-the room and lobby was well airconditioned thank goodness! Great restaurant across the street!	
Jun 28 2005 	Nice hotel	I enjoyed staying in this hotel 1 night for business. I can't comment on the value since its a whole different ballpark when you are picking up the tab. But the bathroom was very nice and clean. Cookies and candies were awaiting me upon my arrival. The room was nice and clean. The bed was comfortable. The bathtub was big. Room service for breakfast was okay- the crepes were too buttery and the latte should have been hotter. But overall I thought it was very nice!	
Jun 18 2005 	I'd stay there again	Flatotel is conveniently positioned between 6th and 7th Avenues and there are a number of subway lines/stations within a couple of blocks. Moma is around the corner and you are probably half-way between Times Square and Central Park (both wallkable). Delis and restaurants are close by.I am not a regular visitor to Manhatten, but found the rooms MUCH better than the Grand Hyatt (tiny rooms) and the Southview Appartments (tired rooms) by Penn Central.My room was clean and spacious for the area (with Fridge, microwave, iron, TV, Video, CD player...). It looked pretty much like the pictures on the website. The (re)decoration was less than perfect, but at least it was clean. Unlike most hotels broadband access is free (but remember a cable or buy one for $10). There is a bar (okay, bit pricey) and a restaurant (didn't try but looked busy) on the ground floor.I found the staff friendly and approachable (maybe you just need to be polite?). I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 6 2005	Spacious trendy rooms and employees with great attitudes	Flatotel is perfectly located halfway between Central Park and Times Square. My room was spacious, clean, and comfortable with a gray-on-gray minimalist decor that is supposed to be chic but might strike some customers as a bit too minimal. The window opened (important to me), the floor was carpeted, the bed was great, and there was a fridge, a microwave, and a coffeemaker. If you stay here, be sure to visit the gym on the 46th floor, at least for the magnificent view. I found the lobby staff and housekeepers to be unusually friendly and eager to please - somehow this hotel has instilled a spirit of service that puts to rest the stereotype of the rude New Yorker.My bathroom was clean, but I noticed that the bathroom was designed with an eye to stylishness, not ease of cleaning. Such bathroom features as mosaics and tiny crevasses in natural marble look really cool now but will probably age badly in the years to come. Even though I'm a picky traveller myself, I am perplexed by some of the negative reviews that others have written: Is the litmus test of a hotel whether it has pay-per-view movies? Youre a short walk from Times Square and youre watching pay-per-view movies in your room while eating from room service??The only room I saw was my own, so I can't comment on other customers' descriptions of unsatisfactory rooms. However, I did book through an internet discounter, which would disprove the hypothesis of some reviewers that you get second-class treatment if you book through a discounter. It is true, as others have pointed out, that two elevators are not enough for a 46-story building. My greatest complaint was about interior noise, which others have also mentioned. The connecting doors between rooms transmit sound far too well. (As I checked out of the hotel, I asked about this, and was told that only 10% of the rooms have connecting doors.)	
Jun 1 2005	Definitely above average	I don't understand the reviews of this hotel by people who complement the service and accommodations, then give it two dots. My wife and I stayed here one night, and thought it was great. The staff was professional and friendly, the room looked good and was clean, and the location is right in midtown. In other words, it was definitely an above average experience. To contrast, we stayed in the Super 8 the next night, and really learned what &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot; means in NYC. I'd recommend Flatotel to anyone who's looking for a good $200+ hotel in New York.	
May 30 2005 	Do not stay here	The Flatotel is a depressing hotel. The lobby is extremely unimpressive. My room smelled from a horrible odor. The room had terrible lighting. While the desk area was nice with a wireless internet connection that worked well, the lighting in the room was horrible so I could barely see what I was typing. Since I couldn't do any work, I decided to turn on the TV and order a movie but wait, this hotel does not have an in room movie service so I was left watching regular TV and listening to loud guests next door.	
May 24 2005 	Oh my gosh!	My husband, five year old son, 24 month daughter, and 9 month old son and I stayed here this month during a ten day business trip. We booked months in advance, reserving a one bedroom suite through their online site. On arrival, the employees were all very friendly, they greeted us cheerfully and were very helpful in showing us to our room. The hotel was decorated fine, and we were ready to start our 10 day stay.Excitedly, my son began to cheer for our new room, and I was excited also but when they opened the door, I wanted to cry. The floors were tiled parquet and in desperate need of repair, there was mold growing on the walls and floor, and wires were held down by staples in the wall. The sockets were opened, exposing electrical wires (which I have pictures of) and tacks on the unfinished floorboards were sticking out- not a place for my little ones, whose hands were filthy from crawling on the floor.After crying for a bit, my husband talked the manager, (who was very nice and friendly) shifted us to a 'better' room. This room, though safer than the first still had it's share of problems the carpet was ripped up, the air conditioners and televisions didn't work, there had been an obvious fire in the room below us, and there were dustballs under the couches, chairs, bed, tables... again- unsafe and unsanitary for my 3 little ones.Again, my husband talked to the manager, explaining to them that we had booked online and the pictures show the rooms in a totally different light. They explained to him that the pictures were of a 'renovated' room and that there would be an extra charge for that room. After much bickering and confusion (they said all the good rooms were booked, and then told us they were available) they let us switch to an &quot;upgraded&quot; or &quot;recently renovated&quot; room which cost us more money.Again, the friendly and gracious bellman moved us to our new room. When we stepped in it was like comparing apples to rotten onions. This was beautiful in comparison! My kids and I stayed in this worry free, hazard free room for the rest of our stay, and enjoyed every minute of it.Ten days went by perfectly. The sheets were clean and changed every day, the linens were fresh, rooms were cleaned promptly, the location is perfect, and secure, and their people were always nice.The moral of this story: book only a recently renovated room, and book direct, as I don't believe their website has an option for upgraded rooms. If we didn't have the previous experience of the two other rooms, I would have loved staying here, and given it a much higher score. The location is perfect, employees are always nice, doormen are always there to greet you with a smile and grab a taxi for you, concierge is so very helpful and friendly, management is fantastic- we will definitely stay here again- now that we know what rooms to get and what rooms to avoid.	
May 20 2005	I give it the Three F's	I give it the three F's for Flat, Fair and Forgotten. We reserved a one bedroom suite for our wedding aniversary for a nice price. When we checked in we got a standard room with a double bed. Like what happened!!! When we talked to the front desk, they said that is what we reserved &quot;a standard room&quot;. Even after showing them my reservations made from CRS systems for a one bedroom suite. They moved us to a unremodeled suite which in turn was still occupied with a guest. Then they switched us to another unremodeled suite which had an older interior and needed fixing up.(get it--unremodeled) We asked for a better suite for this special occaison and we were told it would be double the price. Finally we asked for a standard room after the mixup and rest is history. Great location, great staff, just need to finish the rooms.....we won't comeback until construction is done.Don't trust the photos online its deceiving..... I now believe the opinions of recent guests rather than discount travel web sites that are paid for by hotel chains for good reviews.	
May 11 2005	Recent Renovations Need Another Renovation	I am a frequent visitor to NYC and have stayed at many of the larger hotels in the city. The Flatotel was a property I had wanted to stay at for some time...finally got the opportunity in April, 2005. The service was terrific. After an early morning flight, I arrived at the hotel just after breakfast, expecting to be told I could store my luggage until check-in time. What a surprise when they allowed me to check into my room. The staff, from the front desk to the bar staff to the women working in the small gift shop were all pleasant and exceedingly friendly. The room, and the hallways, although recently renovated, already look like they are due for another renovation. The bathroom was large and clean...but the room itself looked a bit rough around the edges. Had a cheap kettle in the room that never warmed up enough to make tea/coffee, nothing in the bar fridge and beds were not particularly comfortable. Location can't be beat.	
May 8 2005	Good Location Not What I Expected.	We stayed in this hotel during October 2004. The room was spacious enough for New York standards and had all the necessities required during our stay (hairdryer, iron and ironing board, safe, tv etc). The carpet near the window was a little ripped but this did not affect our stay in any way. The room was clean and tidy and the maid attended every day to straighten our bed and replenish bathroom utilities. There was a free complimentary newspaper every morning at your room door and complimentary apples in the reception area. The Flatotel was not our first choice but as the hotel we wanted was fully booked we decided to pay the little extra to stay here. We paid over 700 (sterling) to stay here for 5 nights and I was expecting something a little more special. Don't get me wrong, this is not a bad hotel but its not a great one either for the price. I expected a room similar to that on their website. The only gripe I had was that the few dealings I did have with staff, I found them not to be as helpful as I would have expected. On checking out, I wanted to arrange a shuttle bus to convey us to the airport. On speaking with the concierge, he informed us to arrange this through the Sheraton Hotel on the corner of West 52nd Street and 7th Avenue. When I tried to do this, the concierge within the Sheraton looked at me as if I was daft and said he had never heard of such a thing and that the concierge in our hotel should have arranged this for us. The gentleman at the Sheraton however must have felt sorry for us and dialled the number for me to arrange the shuttle bus. All in all, its an average hotel with a slightly above average price. Next time I'll try and get my first choice hotel.	
May 1 2005	No Ice icy service	Yes, it's got that cool, chic, hip feel. Sort of. The service is near non-existent, though. And if you like your service cool--as in close to icy and about as flat and unpersonable as it gets--this is the place for you.Room was clean, small, okay. Bathroom disappointing. Elevators not clearly marked, and we ended up on the service floor, which we figured out upon being met by an employee who directed us back downstairs and to the proper elevator. Desk service in front was amateur at best.After waiting 1 full hour for ice, we finally decided to go out and buy drinks, and ice. Ice was waiting in our room when we got back! I've stayed in far better hotels in New York for the same price. Since it was my birthday weekend, I was looking for something special. I'd chose elsewhere next time.	
Apr 6 2005	location great but service disappointing	We've just stayed at the Flatotel - arrived approx 10.15pm thursday night - on arrival we noticed that the safe in our room was broken - after sending someone to look at it who said it could not be mended till the next day, we asked to move our room. At approx 11pm they told us we could move and sent us to a smoking room - as we had requested non-smoking, this was unacceptable - so we asked to move to another room. At approx midnight they moved us to another room which was fine - but not once did they apologise for the delay or the fact that they had kept 2 weary travellers up so late or the fact that they did not originally give us what we had asked for. I found this disappointing in a hotel which is more expensive than many.In a room for 2 people, they only supplied one mug - we requested a second - this took 2 days to arrive.Another problem - the bath plug does not work properly - bath takes ages to even partially fill and then to avoid all water draining out, you need to bath very quickly!	
Mar 22 2005	Great Location - walking distance to everything	You can not beat the location of this hotel. Walking distance to everything. The gym on the top floor is small but has a spectacular view. When you are checking in try and get the side not facing the street - we were on the 12th floor and because it is in front of a loading dock at night we could sometimes hear them load and unload the trucks ( we arrived on a Thurs by Friday, Sat, Sun the noise was much better). The breakfast was great in the hotel restaurant but a bit pricey - we did not eat any other meals there. The room service was very weak - we asked for ice and never received it.	
Mar 21 2005 	Wonderful Stay!	Have stayed twice at this hotel in Feb 05 and found it to be at par with other 5 stars. Its conveniently located  close enough to walk to places, yet away enough to be quite. The rooms are spacious, well-appointed with great views of the city. The beds are very comfy and the bath nice. The in-house Moda restaurant offers excellent food but they take forever if u request room service. The staff is courteous and helpful. Overall a great place to stay be it on business or leisure. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 18 2005	Don't Even Think of Staying Here!	I should have know when they messed up my reservation and tried to blame me.AT BEST this should be rated a 2 star hotel. The rooms are old and very worn. No pots in the kitchen, not even a COFFEE MAKER! The carpet had not been cleaned in so long it stuck to our feet and we had to avoid being barefoot. The automatic phone buttons (for the analog phone) do not work, but they don't tell you that, so you fruitlessly keep trying until you go downstairs to report the problem. No high speed internet. No premium movies on your tv. No controls over the heating in your room. Rooms and beds are small and cramp. Horrible service. Had to go down twice to beg for more than two towels for three people. Asked for room to be cleaned early, four hours later is was still not clean. We twice asked to talk to the manager in charge and never got a call. At night the lobby is so loud from the bar, that the front desk employees cannot hear you over the phone. If you want a 2 star (minus) hotel for too much money, it's a great place to stay.	
Feb 20 2005	Don't come here if you want romance	My boyfriend &amp; stayed here Feb 12, hoping for a romantic evening, and we were disappointed. We were not expecting it to be as corporate as it was. We were given an executive suite, which was a medium-sized bedroom, a mini kitchen, a toilet room, and shower room. The walls were gray, with no artwork whatsoever. Very dull looking and unromantic. But, the king bed was comfortable, and the room was clean. The shower doesn't have a door or curtain, just a glass pane that comes out about 3 feet. I was COLD! Also, the only electrical outlet I could find was in the shower room - so I had to plug in the coffee pot there.Another turnoff was that the concierge had no knowledge about any hot night spots / lounges in the area. I thought that was a bit strange...If you are a business person, this place would do, but I would not recommend it for anyone but that.	
Jan 25 2005	if this is a 4-star i'd hate to see a 3-star	stayed mid-january 2005.A bit surprised that this is a 4-star hotel. I'd hate to see a NY 3-star! Rooms were comfortable and clean, yet not overly nice as expected. Got room for $199 a night through Travelocity, but did not get what was promised (robes, 350 sq. ft. room, etc.). Was able to check-in early (10:00 a.m.).	
Jan 24 2005	terrible	Dear Sirs,We arrived at the Flatotel on 23th December 2004 to spend Christmass and New Year, expecting good time and good service. We found disaster all the way.1. Outside, the winter was in full swing, but in the room heating did not work. Four days we asked agai and again at the reception to have it fixed but nothing was done. We spend our holiday shivering at night and with no desire to return to the room at the end of the day-can you imagine.2. We never had the opportunity to look out the window as the curtain was lowered to the floor and the cord for movig it up or down did not work at all. We had 10 days confined to this unheated and dark room having only artificial light.3.We did not have our bedding changed even once for all the 10 nights we spend in that hotel, neither was the room cleaned, dusted or hoovered.On arrival and on departure there was no one to take up the room or to bring down the lugage regardless the staff at the lobby.Kind regards, A. Kalutcheva	
Jan 17 2005	Excellent value for money	My husband and I stayed at the Flatotel for four nights from 28 December - 1 January 05. The location is fantastic. Time Square is just around the corner and everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. The room was very spacious and allowed us to spread out. My only criticism would have to be that upon check-in the receptionist took a deposit from our creditcard and didn't tell us before swiping the card. We had pre-paid our room and just didn't expect the extra cost, especially when we were at the end of our holiday and wanted to keep as much money as possible for last minute shopping. I suggest you ask if they are going to take a deposit (as I think is was around $150-$200). They are flexible and won't take the deposit if you speak with them.On the positive side, the room has a fridge and microwave, so if you are like me, you can buy a few things like fresh milk for coffee and heat up any leftovers you might have brought back to the hotel.I recommend this hotel to anyone going to NY. It was great value for money (just under $1000 including taxes for four nights including NYE). My husband and I will stay there if we ever visit again.	
Dec 31 2004	Acceptable for Tourist Class	Just stayed here for 2 nights (b/t christmas and new year's). Got there a few moments before 4pm check in and the line was through the door and the lobby was overcrowded with families. was told my room wouldn't be ready for 20 minutes. the elevator situation ---. they have almost 300 rooms and only 2 elevators. we had to push our way onto the service elevator twice during the 2 night stay because of the number of guests. i had to leave a voicemail message for the roomservice for breakfast. and then the pancakes were horrible. i'm no scrouge, but the $75 I spent on breakfast for 2 was way overpriced for the quality. i actually ate breakfast the next day at the sheraton down the block (my rcommendation). this is a good tourist class hotel. the problem is that it bills itself as a boutique, european hotels. it is neither. don't let the decor in the lobby fool you. the materials are cheap. it's like they shopped at an upscale/chic second hand sore. you can't beat the location, though. it's adjacent to the northern end of the theater district. took me 5 mintues to get to &quot;Wicked&quot; by foot. so that's a bonus.I've stayed at midtown hotels that offered much better value.	
Dec 9 2004	I Wish I could have stayed longer	The reviews here have painted a hotel that is Jekyll &amp; Hyde  either great or awful. I was apprehensive about staying even one night here, but did on a recent business trip. I got the Dr. Jekyll side  gorgeous, stylish room with beautiful amenities, including a bathroom separated into two rooms  one with toilet &amp; sink, the other w/shower &amp; sink (how civilized!). Excellent front desk service upon check-in. Even the reportedly slow elevators were not a problem for me. Sorry I didnt get to stay longer to enjoy the experience more.	
Dec 2 2004	Couldn't have asked for more	Stayed there a couple of years back. We had reserved a non-smoking, one bedroom suite. The room was not available, so we were upgraded to a 2bedroom, 2bathroom suite. There was even a murphy bed in the living room.Both bedrooms were spacious and one even had a walk in closet. One bathroom had a full-size jacuzzi tub and the other bathroom was a full bath as well.The full kitchen stocked with all applicances and utensils was great. We saved quite a bit of money by stocking the refrigerator (full size!).Great service from all the staff.Couldn't have asked for a better experience.	
Nov 9 2004	Nice Change from the Norm!	Stayed here for 1 night early November 2004. Lovely large modern room on 16th floor. Not much of a view though. Big bathroom but had to ring house keeping for toiletries and lav paper.Clean, good location. Would stay here again.	
Nov 3 2004	nothing to complain with...	Having a reservation at mayflower by hotelconxions, we have had to change andhave been rebooked at Flatotel.Location is excellent, lobby surprising.Check in has been perfect and room(2210) just as you want to have : clean,with a perfect bed, and great bathroom.Despite the location(52nd street between 6 and 7 av.) nights have been full ofsleep, because it was so quite...Definitively an adress to conserve and to recommand.We've not notice problem with the plumbing and the ENTIRE staff has been pleasant from arrival to departure : no luggages to assume at arrival or departure and always someone to open the dorr...Perhaps sometimes attitude of patrons reflect their rating of an hotel...Next april, we'll return here.Erik and Anny.	
Aug 11 2004	good experience	As a constant traveller to New York, I was looking forward to staying in a suite style hotel. The unrenovated suite is well suited to the phrase &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; Having reserved the room through Expedia (as well as researching customer reviews), I was made aware that the rooms were a little rough, and they were, but there was a lot of space and a murphy bed to expand the sleeping capacity. The decor was dated, but the space was livable. These rooms would be a relatively (by New York standards) inexpensive and efficient way to travel with a lot of people or a large family, but you pay for the bargain price with a not so great room. However, because there were only the two of us for the remainder of the trip, we did ask to be moved to a renovated standard room since the suite was no longer necessary. This room was lovely. While we no longer had the view from our original suite, the elevators were not such an issue and the rooms themselves were modern and well decorated. The bed and bedding was unbelievably comfortable. The staff was delightful from the doorman, to the front desk, to the lady in the gift shop. The location was very convenient and the gym on the 46th floor had wonderful views of the city. All in all the Flatotel was a positive experience and I would return.	
Aug 10 2004	Awful experience	I had to write this review to hopefully prevent this experience from happening to anyone else. A group of friends and I planned &quot;girls weekend&quot; this past January, in NYC, which we had done several times in the past. Attempting to try a new hotel, we booked a Flatotel suite through hotels based on the hotel's great-looking website----all deception! From the silver duct tape on the carpet in the lobby, to the &quot;not yet renovated&quot; suite...nothing was close to acceptable. The hallways were dim and bare, similar to a low rent apartment building. The room itself was an outdated 70's style pastel disaster. The &quot;kitchen&quot; had cigarette burn marks on the counters. The sofas were an awful shade of peach leather in the old puffy sofa style and the bathroom just looked dirty. The front desk person was arrogant and refused to upgrade or exchange our room, much less refund our money. Luckily two women in our party were attorneys and after explaining the situation to the Hotels representative, we were credited our hotel fees and we spent a wonderful weekend in a suite at the Millenium Hotel.	
Jul 26 2004	Wonderful experience	We were a party of three people who spent July 22-25 at the Flatotel. We had booked at a discount hotel site and were forwarned that the suite was &quot;not one of the renovated ones and that the furnishings were dated but clean.&quot; The rooms were very large. We had a bedroom, marble bath, sitting room with Murphy bed (along with sofa, chair and dining table), a full kitchen (including dishwasher) and a half bath. Everything was very clean. The air conditioner didn't work too well the first night, but was fixed the next day. The location was excellent. We were within walking distance of the three theatres we went to and had easy access to the subway for trips to Soho.Hopefully I can visit NY again soon and will definitely stay at the Flatotel.	
Jul 20 2004	Just awful	A terrible experience. The haughty staff watched me let the valet park my car, then the next day informed me that I wasn't eligible for the parking special I was supposed to get because it didn't apply to valet parking. There was a tatty homemade sign in the bathroom telling us the whirlpools in the bath didn't work. There are no pay movies in the room. I've stayed at plenty of NY hotels and this was the worst.	
Jul 13 2004	Great location but an attitude problem	The hotel is located in a wonderful area, but my stay there was ruined by a staff that was not responsive to a problem. Let me warn you: if you book through a discount hotel program, you will not be treated like a first class guest. We were even told that we couldn't expect to have the proper amenities because we didn't pay full rates. This was in response to a complaint about a pull out bed that was so uncomfortable my two sisters, who were supposed to sleep there, couldn't. The four of us booked a suite that was not cheap by any standards and stayed for five nights, so it wasn't as if we were a one-night stand. And when I wrote to the manager afterward, I didn't even get the courtesy of a reply! I would never stay there again, under any circumstances, nor would I recommend this hotel to anyone else.	
Jul 12 2004	GREAT hotel despite few small issues	Stayed at this hotel with 3 friends July 6-11. VERY impressed as soon as I stepped into the lobby. Everything was very modern and very &quot;W&quot; hotel looking. There is a basket of apples up for grabs in the lobby, which is a nice touch. Check in was easy. The room is fabulous. I stayed on the 23rd floor in a renovated room that was HUGE by NYC standards, if not by most other hotel standards in general. Bathroom was HUGE! Steam shower and bath is immaculate and mildew-less, which is practically a first for most hotels i've stayed in. Beds are indeed rock hard as I've read on this site, but after a long flight and being out late each night, it took me only 1 night to get used to. The best part might just be the location. On 7th and 52nd, FABULOUS location in the heart of it all, yet quiet and off to the side. Dissapointments: I got 2 wake up calls that I never asked for very early one morning as well as a front desk staffer calling me on another morning at 9am to tell me that someone was trying to charge a $2 hot chocolate to my room, but it wasn't allowed. If it wasn't allowed anyhow, I should've never rec'd that call waking me up, especially since I didn't know who the stranger was who was trying to charge!! Very strange and annoying w/ these wake up calls! Aside from these petty annoyances, this place is GREAT and I will be coming back here!!!!	
Jun 27 2004	Very Depressing	I am very familiar with NYC but I was disappointed with my first footstep into this hotel. What was their intention with the lobby is beyond me. I felt depressed the minute I entered this dark ebony lobby with a moo moo decor. I felt rediculous at the check in counter. We brought friends here from Enlgand and I felt embarassed. Our suite (as I was informed) had not been renovated for five years. This doen't explain the Days Inn Decor. The rooms were so sparse and dated I felt I was back in the fifties. I felt the staff was on a training program. Sorry, this is not NYC at it's worst. 	
May 18 2004	will look elsewhere	I had high hopes for this hotel after reading the reviews. We stayed at the Flatotel for 6 nights beginning May 9, 2004. We had requested a high floor, corner room...we got neither. Our room was on the 10th floor, no view and extremely dark since there was only one small window. There are no ice machines so you must get ice from room service. Our fridge was so small that it only held a miniature ice tray...enough ice for one tiny glass. The bathroom was spacious for NYC and even had a jacuzzi tub; however, the design was such that the shower almost always flooded the bathroom floor. The half door made the shower area drafty and didn't protect the floor. The complimentary continental breakfast wasn't worth going downstairs for especially since the elevators are still painfully slow. The morning coffee, apple basket and newspapers were a nice touch. We had booked 2 rooms for part of the time and our son's room had a better view and was a more spacious room. Still, neither room was able to control the air-conditioning well enough to sufficiently cool the room. We will look elsewhere next time.	
May 17 2004	Very spacious!	My husband and I were thrilled. The Flatotel is in a great location and is extremely spacious! Even the bathroom was huge.We will definitely stay here again.	
May 12 2004	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at the Flathotel for the first time over Mother's Day. It was part of a theater package and there is no doubt that we will stay there again. We arrived at the hotel much earlier than check-in time, expecting they would hold our bags....but they graciously took us to our room without question. The room was spotless and the service was wonderful.....from the people who parked our car, the bartender, the fellow at the desk to the conscierge.....all professional and went overboard with customer service. These &quot;New Yorkers&quot; are to be commended for making our stay as comfortable as possible and making it &quot;our hotel&quot; for any future visits!	
Apr 27 2004	Perfect Location	Nice undiscovered hotel tucked away in prime location between Broadway and 5th Avenue, walking distance to everything, close to Subway, Starbucks directly across the street. We read prior reviews and did ask for a renovated no smoking room which we did receive. Although our neighbor smoked and it somehow came through the bathroom vent. Modern design yet lots of charm. I would stay there again.	
Feb 8 2004	Be prepared and know what to ask for . . .	I recently stayed at the Flatotel for the second time in Jan./Feb. 2004 for 3 nights. The first time I stayed I was underwhelmed by everything -- the rooms, the service, the &quot;ambience&quot;, etc. But this time the company was paying, I had to make last minute reservations and it was the least expensive reservation I could find. I got a room type called a &quot;Preferred King&quot; for $189 per night.For that price, this was the most spacious, best appointed accommodation I have ever found in Manhattan, and I have stayed at about 20 properties in Manhattan over the last 10 years. The room was about 400 sq. ft. with a comfortable king-size bed, large TV/VCR, a kitchenette with a small refrigerator, electric range and microwave, and HUGE two-room (!) bathroom. The room was great.Of course, the bad aspects of the Flatotel are apparent and myriad. The customer service is abysmal. The wait for an elevator was at least 7-10 minutes each time. With the exception of the doormen, the staff is uniformly poorly-trained. I placed a breakfast room service order the night before and in the morning it did not arrive and they'd lost the order. Housekeeping was not very thorough and I had to request extra towels each day. The room I was originally assigned was very spacious but was on a smoking floor so it smelled like an ashtray. In fact, the whole hotel reeks of cigarette smoke, even the &quot;non-smoking&quot; floors. After returning home, I discovered I'd left a small item in the room. I had to call housekeeping several times and when they finally confirmed that they had it, they insisted on my credit card number to pay the $3.35 postage for the return (after a total hotel bill of around $700).One bright spot was that a hotel employee assisted me with an ethernet cable and got me on to my network even when my company's IC people were stumped. HE will hopefully find a better use for his talents than the Flatotel. I will stay at the Flatotel again with no expectations other than getting a large, comfortable, reasonably-priced room. My advice is treat it like it's a time-share.	
Jan 30 2004	The Worst Customer Service	Absolutely horrible! We arrived at the Flatotel to a lobby full of angry customers. They overbooked and didn't have rooms for anyone. The reps were laughing at the angry customers. We had to find another hotel at the last minute on a Saturday night! And to make matters worse, they charged my credit card!! I sent e-mails and wrote a letter, but no one ever responded to me. By far the worst customer service experience I've ever had.	
Jan 5 2004	Shabby Only a Few Rooms are Renovated!		
Jan 1 2004	Can't Go' Home' Again		
Dec 11 2003	Fantastic Stay		
Dec 3 2003	Oh My God!!!!!!		
Nov 26 2003	Not bad for a family		
Nov 19 2003	Oh Dear		
Oct 30 2003	Never again		
Aug 9 2003	A Flat Experience!		
May 27 2003	Horrible experience		
Mar 2 2003	Unrenovated Room Surprise		
Sep 26 2009 	evviva ny		
Jun 26 2009 	A quelques coups de pinceau de la perfection		
May 22 2009	Super zentral 		
May 19 2009 	50%-50%		
May 12 2009 	Super!!Ruime kamers schoon dichtbij 5th. Ave en Times Quare en Metro		
Oct 1 2008 	???????		
Aug 7 2008 	mauvaise exprience		
Jul 8 2008	Gracias a Flatotel		
