	Clean pleasant convenient hotel.	My husband and I stayed here over Thanksgiving (2 nights). We purposely chose a hotel away from the craziness of the parade route, even though we knew we'd be going to watch it. This hotel is located less than one block from the W 4th St. subway entrance (a pleasant surprise), making it easy to come and go as we pleased. We quickly learned when getting off the subway here to follow exit signs for W 8th St. (not W 3rd). That brings you up to the Waverly Place and W 4th intersection, closest to the hotel. The hotel lobby is small, but clean and nicely decorated. There is only one small elevator, which was not a problem until morning hours when we had to wait for it to arrive. Continental breakfast was typical (croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, cereal, etc.) but I noticed people were waiting in line to be seated when we had finished. Glad we got there early. Our room was spacious for New York (if you can walk around the bed, it's spacious), and the bathroom was very clean and nicely appointed. I did not find the mattress that comfortable, but liked the bedding. The room was stuffy so we used the AC and it worked fine. Our windows looked out onto another building, but the view was unimportant to us since our plan was to go out and DO things vs. look out the window. However, it was a bit disconcerting to have no blinds/shade in the bathroom; just the bubbly privacy glass. And there WAS a room across the way where someone could have enjoyed voyeuristic views, I suppose. I just kept the bathroom light off. All in all, a pretty good experience.	
Nov 23 2009 	Clean hotel spacious rooms and fantastic location	We could not have asked for a better location in New York. We loved being just next to Washington Square, a stone throw away from 5th Avenue and Soho and the price is just right for someone who doesnt have money to throw away. The rooms are a generous size, the beds where really comfortable and the shower had plenty of hot running water. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would probably return.Our only complaint is that some of the staff in reception did not really have their heart on their job and came across as unhelpful.	
Nov 15 2009 	Washington Square - standards are slipping....	I returned to this NYC hotel in October 2009 for old-times' sake really. Way back on my first ever trip to NYC I stayed here and enjoyed it, so eight years later it was time to go back.Initial impressions remain positive. Well-positioned near the bohemian Greenwich Village, the hotel's located down a quiet-ish side street (Waverly Place) and is two minutes trek at most from the subway station. The subway station is served by the line directly to the JFK Airport station so that's an added bonus, and there's a great diner across the street.Check-in was friendly and quick. Unfortunately it would seem that not a lot, if any, work has been done to the rooms since 2001, although they remain comfortable and have free, quick internet via a cable supplied by the hotel. My one real gripe was service, and cleanliness. Obviously the room I stayed in was not vacuumed by the maid, and 'evidence' would suggest little other than making the bed was carried out.Surprisingly a bin wasn't provided in the room. That said, one doesn't really expect the previous day's McDonald's wrappers and newspapers to still be present when returning after a day's exploring - so, it would seem, a little/lot of work could be done in that area. For the price - over $200 dollars per night for a single room - it's not really good enough. That said, I'd probably stay there again....	
Nov 12 2009 	Small but very charming	I love the bed. It's a tiny room, but then it's New York. The bed is very comfortable and the linens were absolutely a delight to sleep on. The location is perfect too. It's right at the heart of Greenwich Village, with loads of history surrounding the area. We love the old charm feel of its interiors. We, however, were not very keen about the breakfast, it was quite disappointing actually.But for the price, location and comfort by New York standards, this is not a bad choice.	
Nov 11 2009 	it was okay	I booked the WSH for business and had an okay stay. I requested a deluxe room with street view and was placed in a room at the back of the hotel which looked out on to a wall so I asked to be moved. They did so and I was placed in a room looking over the side street - not quite the view over the park that I hoped for. The room itself was okay but really lacking in facilities - no tea or coffee making facilities, no refrigerator to put a cold drink in and just very basic I guess. The air conditioning unit was very noisy and we had to have this on because the windows did not have screens to keep mosquitoes out. The corridors were really ugly and I wonder if they will ever freshen these up. A paint job and new carpets could really do wonders for this place. The breakfast included in the rate was basic and it would have been really nice to have a toaster so you could heat up those bagels! The breakfast room itself was really cold and lacking in atmosphere and you never really felt like hanging around. Overall, it was okay but I was really hoping it would be much nicer. The location was great and the lobby staff were pleasant and helpful. I probably would not stay here again because it just wasnt that special.	
Nov 9 2009 	Nice hotel in quiet neighborhoud	This was my first visit to the US and NY in particular. Already on arriving we noticed how busy this city is. The hotel was fortunately located in a quiet street next to Washington square park.The hotel looked nice and the rooms were nice and clean, although a bit small.An added plus is the fact that the hotel is located close to a metro station which makes traveling very easy and when you come back late at night (after a visit to a Broadway theater) you can quickly get to the hotel and your room. The beds are very good: big and soft.One thing that wasn't that nice was the breakfast. We had booked the hotel because it served a continental breakfast. This was served in a small diner next to the hotel. But it wasn't really good. So better skip the breakfast there and look for something better.All in all, a good hotel in a very nice neighborhood.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great area super hotel	I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel for five nights in October and was thrilled with the hotel. I was travelling with my mother and our request for a twin room was accomodated. We had paid the extra for a deluxe room and it seemed well worth it as we saw other rooms with windows that appeared to only open out onto brick walls! Our bathroom was a good size and we even got bath robes.The area was quiet but still had a good buzz. There were loads of nearby restaurants of all prices and the hotel staff were always ready to offer advice and recommendations. We got some good tips from them.The complimentary breakfast was a good bonus and, though not amazing, it did the job. As it was included in the cost there wasn't much to complain about.All in all, we had a great stay. I will certainly stay there the next time I travel to NYC.	
Oct 31 2009 	Brilliant location	This is a great hotel located in beautiful Greenwich Village. Right next to Washington Square (buskers/chess players/trees!) and close to all the restaurants in Greenwich Village. About 5 minutes walk from the famous Bleeker Street. Much nicer than staying in Uptown. The walk to Top of the Rock takes about an hour or a taxi is just $10 (cheaper than subway or bus if there are four of you travelling together.We were really pleased we stayed here - the beds (2 large doubles) were really comfortable and the bathrooms (We stayed in a quad room for three nights and twin and double for one as the quad was unavailable for the first night) ranged from sumptuous (Delux double) to just fine (double). The quad room number 120 is at street level and yes you do hear street noise - but this is New York and we were so tired after busy days doing exciting things that we all slept well. The bathrooms all had plenty of towels and free shampoo/conitioner/body lotion/soap. Breakfast was delicious - fruit salad, home baked pastires, good coffee and orange juice, cereal and yogurt..The staff including the freindly doorman were all helpful and booked a taxi to the airport at the end of the stay to Newark for $62. Cheaper than getting a yellow cab and more roomy when you need to take all your baggage.The best attractions we visited were top of the rock and it's worth getting the daytime/sunset deal (we didn't and ended up paying twice) sunset over Manhattan has to be one of the world's most exciting views. The MOMA was one of the best art collections I've ever seen - 5th floor for all the Picassos,and Matisses - wonderful. Staten Island Ferry - free and great for skyline views. Our teenagers loved the Record shops in Thompson Street - nothing like it in the UK any more. Loads of good places to eat near the hotel and a Staples for online checkin just around the corner. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone and would book again without hestiation. But if you want sterility and double glazing go somewhere else - you can hear street noise and that kind of thing annoys you you might be better off staying Uptown.	
Oct 27 2009 	wonderful stay at this hotel	we arrived on a wednesday evening and received a warm welcome.....we had requested a room on the upper floors with a nice view and the hotel accomodated our request. we absolutely loved this hotel...it is very quaint and the service from the front desk to the bellman to the restaurant servers was fantastic......room is not large but it is very comfortable and clean and the location can't be beat....within walking distance of restaurants, night life, shopping.......a real gem in nyc.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pleasant Stay	We arrived at the hotel to be told our rooms were not ready - we had to for around an hour and a half for both of our two rooms to be ready for us. The staff weren't all that apologetic and didn't seem that bothered about the fact that we had to wait - so not a good start! Once we did get into our rooms however we were happy with the size and comfort - a safe, hairdryer, ice bucket and bathrobes are all provided. There wasn't very much natural light in our room but that has to be expected for new york city as our window was close to another building, but this wasn't too much of a problem.The rooms were cleaned daily and the free breakfast in the mornings was good - the staff in the restaurant are very helpful and polite. you also have the option of ordering a cooked breakfast at reasonable charges if you don't want the free breakfast.The best thing about this hotel is definitely the location - a two minute walk round the corner and you're on fifth avenue! Washington Square is absolutely gorgeous in the morning when it's really quiet. Our body clocks never quite adjusted to the time difference so we were often up and about at 6.30 - 7am and took the opportunity to explore the square and the surrounding areas with the only the local dogwalkers around. We went to a local coffee shop and got a drink and a snack to eat in the park every morning, which was really nice and peaceful - highly recommended!Overall a good place to base yourself while in New York, recommended!	
Sep 30 2009 	Location Location Location	The hotel is well situated with the metro on the next corner with 6th Avenue and the chap in the lobby looking after guests and bags was very friendly and helpful. Our room was compact, but reasonably comfortable and the bathroom was more than adequate in size. If you can avoid taking the complimentary breakfast in the restaurant area, then I would suggest it. We found all the self serve areas got very full.There are plenty of bars, some with live music - (Bleecker Street I think). The metro is puzzling, you get on and off at different blocks, depending on where you are coming from or going to and the only way round this is to make sure you are at the front or the back of the train. I have to mention the Waverly Restaurant/Diner. For USD 43 you get a feast and 2 glasses of zinfandel. We gave up eating up town (twice the price) and came here for dinner and our last breakfast. It is full of regulars and tourists.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent location and value	I stayed at WSH for 5 nights with a friend. We found the Village area to be nice and relaxing compared to the constant bustle of Times Square and it's surroundings. The hotel it self was clean, the complimentary breakfast was a good way to start a busy day of sightseeing and shopping and the rooms were small but in NYC not bad. The staff were very nice and professional and we enjoyed our stay!	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect location attentive staff 	Our family of 4 stayed here for 4 nights last year, and found the rooms to be comfortable -yes - very small, and somewhat dated, but comfortable. And after a very long flight from Australia, the inclusion of a full sized tub in the bathroom was a welcome inclusion. The day concierge was extremely helpful &amp; attentive and the biggest surprise (for me) was the quality of the coffee! Convenient location - we had no problems finding our way around and it really didn't take very long to get to anywhere we wanted to go. I would definitely stay in the Village again - it's a great place to base yourself in NYC.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent hotel 	Firstly, this is in a great location. Right in the middle of Greenwich Village within walking distance of lots of good bars and restaurants. Bleeker Street especially. From this hotel, we wetre in easy reach of everything NYC could offer. We even got the metro direct to Coney Island!We had a deluxe room which had plenty of space. Nice view of Washington Square too. Couldn't fault it.Service was always good and breakfast was perfect (we don't eat much in the morning so a couple of bagels was enough).	
Sep 20 2009 	LOVE the WSH!!!!	We stayed here in July as well as August. We love this area. It is close to wonderful restaurants, great shops, and great green spaces. The subway is conveniently near. The complimentary breakfast is a great plus. The rooms aren't huge....but who stays in their room in NYC? The staff is friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay here again and again!	
Sep 11 2009	Perfect choice	Moving my daughter to NYU in late August, this hotel was the perfect choice. We arrived at 2:30 a.m. but just down the block, we found an all-night diner and drugstore. The street is quiet and green but in the heart of the action. Loved the staff and our room was charming. I look forward to staying there again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Pleasant stay at the Washington Square Hotel	We came to New York to visit in June, this being our third visit to the city. We decided we wanted to stay in Greenwich Village and hotel choice in this area was pretty limited so we opted for the Washington Square after reading reviews on tripadvisor.Although the hotel is a bit tired in places, this is a charming little hotel with some lovely art deco touches. Our room was one of the interior rooms as we preferred to have &quot;quiet&quot; over a view. It certainly was quiet as well, we did not hear a peep from outside or from anyone else in the hotel.Our room was very small and I would have liked to have a little more closet space but this was a small price to pay for being located in Greenwich Village. So much to see and do just on the hotels doorstep. The staff were also friendly and welcoming, always a goodbye or hello when leaving or entrering the hotel.With regards food, we only ate breakfast at the hotel, this was plentiful and you could also order cooked extras should you prefer. There are simply hundreds of places to eat nearby - I am a vegetarian and had a fantastic meal at a place called &quot;Gobo&quot;, just around the corner from the hotel. We also went on one of the many food tours of the area - this was a great way to spend the day.Overall, a great stay at the Washington Square hotel - I would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great little Hotel in Fab Area	We just returned from our 4th stay at the WSH. I read some of the other reviews, and have to say that we have stayed in both the deluxe and standard rooms and although the rooms are small, we're more than happy with the size. The last room we stayed in had a particularly small closet, but we simply put our luggage under the desk and it was out of the way. We weren't bothered by the thin shower curtain either, although I'd like to see the rod hung a bit lower to keep more water in. We love the WSH - the lobby is spacious, the staff friendly and professional (with the exception of Ronnie, who talks a mile a minute and tries to convince us to eat at restaurants we've no interest in - I think he gets a kick back for recommending certain places), the location is wonderful, and everything is CLEAN. Some reviewers complained about breakfast - I don't know what they're used to eating, but for us, a bowl of muffins/scones/bagels and yogurt, cereal and fresh fruit is plenty. We've also ordered off the regular menu and haven't been disappointed. The orange juice is always freshly-squeezed, and their coffee and tea is freshly brewed.  We've also had some of the bar food - their guacamole is fresh and obviously made in the kitchen. The drinks are reasonably priced and the staff is courteous and professional. The best part about WSH? You can cross the street to Babbo restaurant and if you get there about 4:45 pm and wait at the door, you can be seated at a table near the bar and have the most astoundingly good meal. We do this every time we stay here, and sometimes 2 nights in a row. The food is THAT good.   Cons? Small spaces - if you are an overly large person, you probably won't feel comfortable here. The elevators are small, the rooms are small, the corridors are small. Definitely not made for the plus-sized traveler. I was squashed in the corner of the elevator by a plus-sized couple and it wasn't fun.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent location in the heart of true New York	Friendly and helpfull hotel staff. Delux room we had was smaller than many American hotel/motel rooms, but good for a New York city hotel. Excellent location near a subway and lots of restaurants/bars/clubs in Greenwich Village. Good complimentary breakfast.Stay here if yuo want to experience a more authentic New York.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great bargain...will stay again!	My husband and I stayed here last winter and found it to be a very good value for the money. The neighborhood is about as good as it gets. The lobby is attractive, service friendly. My one complaint would be the lack of modern climate control in the rooms. This is very common in Manhattan, but still makes for an uncomfortable sleep. We actually had to turn on the AC in the middle of February because the room was so hot and there was no way to open a window. Other than that, a wonderful stay...small rooms of course, but it's Manhattan, what does one expect?	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location	Stayed at the Washington Square Hotel with my husband in April for a 6 night stay in New York and would most definitely recommend it. This was our first trip to New York and this hotel is in a great location with a metro station at the end of the street. Greenwich village is a great place to stay making all the sights still easily accessible and then having Blecker Street bars and restuarants within 5 min walk for evening entertainment. Yes, the rooms are small but they are clean and all you need for visiting such a city as New York. It probably is a little overpriced but for it's location, I think it is worth it and look forward to returning.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfect location. Exceptionally friendly staff. Clean--- but very small rooms!	We arrived early from JFK (i.e. about 13:00) and the rooms (3 doubles weren't ready) although to be fair that was our fault not theirs.The luggage was locked away securely and the statff/conceige could not have been more helpful. They arranged a bus tour of the city which was perfect.We arrived back at about 17:00 and went to the rooms. They were all immacuately clean but be warned, especially if you have an internal one, they are very very small. We had three cases as we were due to go off on the QM2 and it took some ' juggling' to sort where they could live. Two afternoons of shopping didn't help!!!Breakfast was good but set. Bagels. Fruit. Cereal.All in all a good choice. 5 min walk from Broadway / 20 mins from China Town / 30 mins from Ground Zero. Also perfectly located for Greenwich Village which we all wished we had more time to explore.Would stay here again.	
Jun 29 2009 	It's okay just not special or as good as we expected.	Overall satisfied but not enough to consider recommending it to any friends or staying again. We were expecting the small room sizes (and the middle range room really is small, there's nowhere to put the suitcase as the wardrobe is too small and there's no space for a stand!) and it was extremely clean. There were however quite a few niggles. One day we arrived back to see the maids still making up the rooms at 4.30pm - ours hadn't been done and as we didn't feel like going out again we had to flick it to do not disturb and go without. This seems riddiculously late to be doing the cleaning up. Another gripe was that whilst they do provide some free wi-fi access there is no shared computer, we traveled without a wi-fi enabled device and at the other 3 places we stayed at a computer was provided for checking emails and other small things. The TV had few channels and didn't have an inbuilt menu where you can see what's coming up in the next couple hours, I'd rarely complain about TV but again this was something we had had in our other stays. The breakfast was also amazingly limited, a small basket of pasteries to share between two, a small bowl of melon and one glass of orange juice. I realise it's rare for a hotel to offer breakfast but we expected a continental breakfast to be buffet style (one of their 2 rooms you are waited on) with the feeling you can have more than 1 serving. One day we escaped for waffles at the nearby diner just to start the day on a full stomach. Finally the bathroom had the cheapest, flimsiest shower curtain possible, so that it clung to your body and then all the water escaped into a giant puddle on the floor. The reception staff were very mixed in their helpfulness, on one occasion we needed to do flight check in at 10.30pm and had to ask at reception for the nearest late internet café, the staff on duty very grumpily told us to take two rights and there's a place that might still be open. Luckily it was but they really didn't seem too concerned. Although when we checked out we did have a helpful lady who told us they could look after our luggage and booked us a car to the airport. The cocktail bar was incredibly difficult to find, we had to ask at reception, which is a shame as the drinks were lovely and quite cheap ($9).The barmaid was very friendly but we definitely got the impression she wished more people knew about it. Generally this hotel is in a good location with good transport links around NY, we just felt it was a tad overpriced. Having stayed at a lovely B&amp;B in Brooklyn earlier in our holiday for $75 less a night with massive rooms and delightful service we would happily take the 30 minute subway ride from Brooklyn to the centre over staying in this hotel again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Fab location excellent price wholly recommend it to anyone!	My husband and I stayed at the Washington Square hotel for 6 nights on a trip to visit friends and see the city. I had read reviews on Trip Advisor that warned of noisy rooms near the lift so was relieved to find ours was as far away as could be. The room was big enough for us (we are British so don't expect huge spaces) and was well equipped with safe, ironing board, hair dryer etc. The bathroom was compact but clean, and that's all you ever truly want from a bathroom anyway! The bed was really comfy and the air conditioning was as cold as needed to recover from stomping around a sticky city. The staff on the front desk as well as the lobby staff were helpful and polite, and there's free wifi in the lobby and the cafe, which served a decent cup of tea from 3pm. There was also a gym if you're that way inclined. The best thing about this hotel is the price for the location, you truly can't be in a better spot to get to anywhere in the city and beyond. I used to live in NYC and the park and surrounding area couldn't be anymore different from the past, almost sterile, and totally safe. Absolutely stay here, and have fun!	
May 26 2009 	Perfect location	We went for a quick overnight getaway to the Washington Square Hotel. The location was amazing, and we really enjoyed strolling through the adjacent park. For creative food, boutique shopping, and neighborhood walks, this is the best area of the city. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. However, the rooms are on the small side. We asked for the larger king room, and fortunately, there was one available. The decor is Art Deco all the way to the mauve walls and the black and white photos of movie stars on the walls. Our bathroom was large and recently renovated to included two sinks and a couple's shower. The A/C was provided by window units, which worked fine. We found the street below to be noisy on the night we were there.The breakfast was included and was served in their restaurant below. Service was very prompt and the food was good. We had a pastry basket and fresh fruit with coffee and fresh-squeezed OJ. I believe there was also cereal and yogurt, but we didn't need any. Check-in and check-out went smoothly and quickly.Overall a good hotel if you want a fabulous location and don't care about some of the amenities you can get at a larger hotel (such as room service).	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel in the West Village	This was a return trip to the Washington Square Hotel and it is terrific. A great value, steeped in Greenwich Village tradition, close to subways, great restaurants, coffee places and more. We've stayed at &quot;nicer&quot; hotels at Times Square, but this is much more enjoyable. Love Ronnie, who is a veritable font of NY information!	
Mar 29 2009 	This place was great!	This hotel has a great little restaurant on the premesis. This worked well for a quick snack when we were exhausted from sightseeing. It also worked well for a convenient &amp; delicious breakfast.The rooms are small, but nicely appointed. For the price I thought they were very adequate.The hotel personnel were very hospitable, and were always onpoint with recommendations for things to consider on our outings.The location of this hotel is perferct. We were close to a subway stop, across the street from Washington Square Park, and in a perfect place launch our adventures each day.	
Mar 24 2009 	Beautiful art deco hotel	Wonderful hotel in great location for eating out street markets( we stayed over weekend) next to subway plenty shops in walking distance of China Town Rooms on small side but very clean and very pleasent staff and helpful I could not get past the busy tone for airport shuttle I just left deatails as requested by receptionist and night receptionist did it all at a quieter time Taxi from JFK $50 Shuttle $19 each I wanted to buy holdall to spread weight of luggage same receptionist printed out list and prices fro K-mart only 5minutes walk away Continental breakfast included I certainly recommend this wee gem only gripe was we had room next to lift bit noisy but worth it to sllep with Clark Gable over my bed!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Small small small rooms on a beautiful Square	The Washington Square Hotel is in one of the most beautiful, charming locations in NYC. As a former NYU student, I used to live nearby, and this hotel is on the north west corner of the Square, in the heart of Greenwich Village. There is worldclass dining at your doorstep (Babbo), and hundreds of things to do within a few short blocks. It is also steps away from NYU, which, despite its detractors, I think is nicely integrated into Greenwich Village. As for the hotel, the rooms are seriously small, though the bathrooms are a normal size. The &quot;interior&quot; rooms are on an airshaft - so avoid those unless you don't mind not having any natural light. The second time we stayed there, we booked a room with a window, and had a lovely view of the Empire State Building. The room includes breakfast, but it is so crowded we normally just go to a nearby cafe. The Washington Square Hotel is not expensive by NYC standards, but you could probably find a better rate for similar quality if you search; you just won't be in Greenwich Village.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Location-Comfysafe w/ Art Deco(r)!	In heart of Greenwich Village-easy access to great restaurants(we booked Babbo's across street a month in advance-every morsel worth every expensive penny!!). Our trip was my Bucket List as a jazz fan-Village Vanguard, Blue Note, Iridium-all w/in walking distance. The staff had no NY Attitude-very kind &amp; breakfasts downstairs(North Side?) were excellent. Rooms had we wanted in great shape, clean.Very accomodating-have NO IDEA why anyone would rate this place 2 &amp;1/2 Stars! Easily a 4+! Book it &amp; relax folks. Enjoy.	
Feb 18 2009 	Ideal place to stay	On first impressions...impressive art-deco lobby, friendly reception &amp; then into the room. Small, but large enough for 2 for sure. Disappointed no coffee machine or proper ironing board &amp; there isn't very much wardrobe space for hanging clothes so prepare to live from your suitcase. However, for non fussy travellers, these little gripes do not take away from the ideal location this little hotel has - 5 mins walk from the door, east or west, you can get a subway to any part of NYC inclusing Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx &amp; any part of Manhatten. Greenwich Village is vibrant &amp; busy &amp; a remarkable amount of restaurants, bars etc are withing strolling distance. I love NY every time we stay &amp; have stayed in far more lavish surroundings previously, but this hotel in the heart of Greenwich &amp; NYU area will be getting my business every time.	
Feb 13 2009 	Nice little hotel in the Village	Hotel has a terrific location right on Washington Square in the Village. Rooms are NYC small. I had a Deluxe Queen which was about 11'x14' and faced out onto the Square--could be noisy at times but loved having a street view onto both MacDougal and Waverly. Free continental breakfast in hotel restaurant was an added plus.I paid $275/night in peak September period when other hotels were charging in excess of $300-$400 per night for basic accomodations. So, this wasn't a bargain but was a relatively good deal for that time of year. At other times of the year, better deals and accomodations can probably be found elsewhere.Hotel is one of the few family run properties left in NYC. Good management, some friendly employees and some not but not a deal breaker. Rooms are clean and generally well maintained.This is a good choice, if you can get a room at the right price, if you want to spend time living in vibrant Manhattan neighborhood, convenient to all the city has to offer. Not luxurious, but comfortable and clean.	
Jan 25 2009 	Cold Rooms Chilly Reception	I know everyone loves this hotel. The location is fantastic, on a street of old brownstones at the edge of the West Village. There are subways to the West Side and Downtown at the west end of the block, subways to the the East Side a couple of blocks away at Astor Place, easy taxis on Sixth Ave. Washington Square and Fifth Avenue are at the other end of the block. The price is great and the rooms are very clean and up to date. What's not to like? The heat for one thing and the front desk for another.I had a hard time feeling the warmth at this hotel. It is an old building with radiant baseboard heat below the window. There is a control to turn the heat up or down. I had two rooms during my stay. In the first room the heat worked but had a difficult time keeping up with the draft from the old air conditioner stuck in the middle of the little window. This first room was on a light well with pigeons.  After my first night I asked to be moved to a room with a better view. I was given a south facing room on the same fourth floor overlooking Waverly Pl. Fair enough. There really are not any views at this hotel. I have heard that some of the rooms in the back have a view of the Empire State Building, but none of these were offered to me. The second room had bigger windows. The heat barely worked and the room was was freezing. It had the same old air conditioner stuck in the middle of the window. I also see these same dirty, old air conditioners not being able to keep the rooms cool in the summer.  Another big problem with the drafty room is the window treatment. The windows have no real curtains on them, only a valence and fake drapes on the sides that do not close to cover the window completely. They rely on two sets of shades, one set filtered, one opaque. Neither covers the air conditioner and to accomplish this they use two side shades and a center shade that does not go down past the top of the air conditioner. There are big gaps between the shades letting in drafts and light. It is impossible to cover the drafty old air conditioner. The second room was so cold I couldn't shower. I was back in the first room before the day was over. In all fairness, the front desk did accommodate my room hopping without any problem, but never before or after my room changing were they very cordial. Every person who enters the hotel must go past the front desk and a &quot;security guard.&quot; Neither ever said hello or good day. I felt like I was doing something wrong by walking through the lobby. I'm a well mannered, clean cut guy who tips and pays the bill. I deserve a hello. One day I asked the security guard for directions to Charles Street. i knew it was off of Christopher Street and i wanted directions to Christopher Street. He sent me south down Sixth Ave. to Houston Street and up the West Side Highway, a mile out of my way on a cold, windy January day. Christopher Street was one block north of Waverly up Sixth. I would have thought it a mistake on his part had he not been so adamant that I did not want to take Christopher Street, his refusal to tell me where Christopher Street was, and his insistence that I go south down Sixth no matter what. The night before I left I called the front desk to order a &quot;taxi&quot; to the airport for the next morning. The desk clerk said it would not be a problem. The next morning I reported to the front desk at the appointed time to find out that the &quot;taxi&quot; was actually an in-house car service. Without time to go looking for a real taxi, I ended up paying $15 more than I should have to get to the airport. The same security guard that gave me the bogus directions took one of my bags to the car. No tip for him. I guess the only time the Washington Square Hotel is gay and warm is on a sunny day in May.	
Jan 22 2009 	an oasis in greenwich village	my wife and I spent 5 nights at the Washington Square just before Christmas 2008. Everything about our stay was perfect, the breakfast, the staff (friendly and helpful) and the room. ok the room was fairly small as NY hotel rooms do tend to be, but it never felt really cramped, and it was very clean and well maintained during our stay.You get a safe in the room, which is great. The location is great, with most things we wanted to see within walking distance, (we are fairly fit!) and a subway station on your doorstep if you need it. If we had one complaint it was the lack of wardrobe space, in summer, no problem, in winter, nowhere to hang those big wet coats! Management note! get some coat hooks on the wall!	
Jan 7 2009 	Fantastic Hotel. Best location	We stayed here for 4 nights a couple of weeks before Christmas. The hotel is fantastic and we would stay here if we ever came back to NY.Great location on Washington Square and near the shops and restaurants etc of Bleeker Street. Two minute walk to the subway station. The area was far less noisy and grimy than midtown. This area seems to be a great mix of studenty and upper class. Lovely buildings and very safe streets. Great for wandering.If you like walking its really nice to take a walk up along 5th avenue, or down to Battery, and to Chinatown and Little Italy.The hotel security man Ronnie was great. If youre shopping for something in particular tell him and he will direct you to the best place. He sent us to a shopping mall in Brooklyn that was exactly what we were after.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good Stay	Second time round in NYC in December and this hotel was certainly the right choice for us. We love the West Village and it's a 5 minute walk to Bleeker street and all it's independent shops, restaurants and live music. Subway was less than a 5 minute walk away with good connections.I knew from our last visit to NYC that you can't escape the noise; it's a busy city. But to our surprise, we found this hotel to be QUIET! We had a room at the back, Room 405 and we weren't disturbed once by noise - not even on New Year's Eve. The only noise was the hum of a heating unit below. Room was a modernised Queen Deluxe, Rm 405. It's not fancy, but it was clean and a decent size. Bed was comfy. Staff were friendly and helpful during our stay and the outside of the hotel looked lovely lit up at night with Christmas lights. We thought the breakfast was great - you don't often get fresh fruit salad as part of an American continental breakfast....Overall we were really pleased. Paid just over $300 per night between Christmas and NY and thought we got good value for money. Would definately stay again	
Dec 13 2008	Cute boutique hotel	This Hotel was in a great location, and the staff was very friendly. The rooms were very clean, and reasonably sized (compared to other NYC hotels at this price). The continental breakfast was also a nice treat. My only complaint is that the rooms on the lower levels are very noisy at night. Request an upper level room, other wise it will be difficult to sleep.	
Dec 4 2008 	A Beautiful hotel right in the Village	We stayed here after spending three nights uptown with friends and we were so pleased with our choice. The staff were so friendly and always happy to give directions to the Subway and tell us where we must visit. The hotel rooms were perfect, with lovely pictures of film idols from the golden age of cinema.I would definatly go to this hotel and could spend days just walking round the area, I will be going back one day!!	
Nov 24 2008 	Great stay!!!	Great location, near to the subway. It was my first time in New York and probably I will come back to this city and hotel again.Staff was very nice and the breakfast was very good. My husband and I had a great stay at the Washington Square Hotel. If you are looking for a good hotel, a good price and a great location then you will not go far wrong with the Washington Square.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice place off the beaten tourist track	Nice little hotel right off Washington Square, convenient to a conference we were attending at NYU. Lots of restaurants around and it is nice to be not in the overcrowded midtown area. Our room was nice, and roomy for NYC, but there was a slight smell of old socks. It wasn't overpowering, so we just opened the window (it was nice to have windows that open). Our room was on the first floor, right on the street, so street noise was an issue. I would stay again, but would request an upper floor. Staff was very nice and the breakfast (which was included) was good.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great stay booked again for next year	I have just returned from a 3 night stay in New York and must say that the Hotel is in a great location. this was my 3rd visit to the city and so far this is the best hotel for price and location that i have stayed in. We were a group of nine over for a lads weekend and our check in was hassle free and we found the staff very friendly. The rooms were small but were kept spotlessly clean. One thing that we did miss were tea and coffee making facilities in the room but that is just a minor detail everything else you could need was provided. Breakfast was fine with fresh fruit , pastries,fruit juice and coffee a good start to the day.All in all we had a great stay at the Washington Square Hotel and i have already booked for next year to go back with my wife. If you are looking for a good hotel for a reasonable price in a great location then you will not go far wrong with the Washington Square	
Nov 7 2008 	Good Value for NYC and good location.	I stayed at this hotel during a stop-over en route home from Europe.The location is terrific, smack in the west village, with a subway stop just at the corner that links you to just about anywhere you may need to go, including to JFK airport.The staff was very friendly, the room clean and comfortable. The breakfast in the Village North restaurant in the basement of the hotel was better then expected, fruit, coffe, juice, and pastry selection.This was my second stay and will not be my last.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed here for 3 nights, found the reception staff really helpful.Room was quiet and very clean. We were at the back of the hotel on the 4th floor, building /renovation work was going on within the hotel and around but had no effect on our stay.It is close to the Metro station and grey line hop on stop.Good choice of places to eat within easy walking distance and never felt uncomfortable walking around after dark.The breakfast options included a fast self serve in the bar area with take out bags provided for a picnic, or sit down waiter service in the restaurant downstairs.Throughly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again we hope.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great 3* hotel!	The WSH was a great 3* option in Greenwich village. The room we had was a good size and modern. The beds were really comfortable and we enjoyed our stay there. Check in was easy and breakfast was good too. I would def recommend if your budget cant stretch to 4-5* Midtown hotel. Also easy to get taxi outside!	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Location in the Village	We stayed at the WSH for a week earlier this month and were very pleased. We did change rooms at the start of our stay as the Queen Deluxe we were first assigned, was very, very small! I know hotel rooms in NYC are tight and I am not hugely fussy but to be honest, I would not have been comfortable in that first room for a week (esp. after all our shopping LOL). However, a quick visit to the main desk, a new room was assigned, we just had to wait one day - so all was well. Second room wasn't huge either but was a good deal bigger than the first and was very comfortable. A little road noise can be heard, but that's shouldn't be be an issue to most visitors to NYC - I hope. The hotel is very clean, the staff courteous and helpful and the main plus - is location. I have stayed in mid town on 2 previous visits and we were ready for a change, so glad we did - it made for a completely different NY experience. There is a subway right at the end of the street and we got to all locations we wanted to without having to change trains, you get either one or the other of the 2 lines and they take you to most of the main attractions - excellent! We didn't try the restaurant - too many choices elsewhere. The complimentary breakfast is a nice touch and there was plenty of the usual continental items available.All in all, the WSH does exactly what is says on their website and I would recommend. Don't think I'll go back there though but only because I have the upper West Side in my head for next time...........................	
Oct 20 2008 	Good hotel good location	We stayed here for 4 nights during our recent short break in New York and were very satisfied with our stay. Our room was small but clean and the bed was very comfortable - all we were looking for as we spent all of our time out seeing the sights. Breakfast was included in the price and, although fairly basic, met our needs at the start of the day. As indicated in previous reviews, the hotel is in a really convenient location to get around the city and is pretty lively in the evening. The hotel restaurant serves good food and is worth trying out.	
Oct 17 2008 	Perfect location nice hotel.	The location of this hotel - right at the Village entrance, was simply prefect. The nearest Subway station was 2 minutes walk from it.Our room was small, especially because we took the 2 DBLB room for a family of 4, but it was OK since we used the room only for sleeping.Hotel staff were nice &amp; helpful, and breakfast was OK but nothing to write home about.The location of this hotel is the main reason I'm sure we will return to stay in it on the future.	
Oct 15 2008 	Fantastic location	This is the second time we have stayed at the WSH. Our main reason for picking this hotel is its location, in the heart of Greenwich Village. You're right next to the NYU campus, so of COURSE there is going to be noise and activity outside! The building only has around 9 floors, so you're not going to be high up enough to miss any noise, so if this is an issue for you, be aware. Then again, if noise is an issue, maybe New York city isn't your ideal destination?! Having said that, the noise wasn't that bad, and we managed to sleep pretty well every night (bring ear plugs!). We did ask for a quiet room, and were in room 810, which is a deluxe queen. The room was much larger than the one we stayed in last time. We had towelling robes, umbrella, hair dryer, safe, flat screen TV, iPod doc, ironing board, etc, in the room. The only problem we had was the noise from what can only be described as a construction site practically right outside our window! The building next door was being renovated and it was really bad when we first arrived, during the day. We did ask to be moved but were told our room was one of the biggest and anything else would be smaller and they couldn't move us until the next day. As it turns out, we didn't move as we were out of the hotel nearly all day and evening, and by the time we got back the construction work had stopped. Other people might experience problems with noise on this side of the building as other reviewers have mentioned it. But I don't want to sound too negative. This is a great hotel - not TOO expensive compared to other places; a bit rough around the edges in places, but you honestly can't beat the location - right in Greenwich Village, about a 10 min walk to Soho, near the subway. Plus the free breakfast isn't to be sniffed at! The staff are generally helpful, especially the great guys who work the floor in the lobby, very friendly, giving out advice and calling you a car for the airport, etc. I would definitely stay here again. Just don't expect 5* luxury and a bed turn-down service and you'll be ok!	
Oct 9 2008 	Stylish but small---May be noisy	We booked at the WSH because we felt it was a good value for Manhattan and we wanted to explore the area. Overall we enjoyed the experience....The hotel felt almost European--in fact it seemed to be full of more British folks, than Americans. We did need to carry our bags up the front steps and up one flight to our first floor room. We were there for only one night. The room size might become an issue for longer stays. The room and bathroom were small (which we knew would be the case), decor was sparse but stylish, the staff was friendly and helpful. Our major issue was with the NOISE--from the street &amp; sidewalk just outside our window at night (the A/C is mounted in the window, so the exterior noises are not filtered out) and the construction noises in the adjacent building which is undergoing major renovation during the day. Request a &quot;quiet&quot; room when you book or check in. Other guests appeared to have noise problems too and they were asking to change rooms. The rooms on the front and east side of the building might be less noisy (ours was on the west side to the rear). We did not try the breakfast (included) at the hotel, choosing to walk to a nearby cafe instead. Babbo Restaurant is located across the street, if you reserve ahead and feel like splurging for a memorable dinner. Other restaurants are within walking distance. Washington Square and NYU are nearby, so lots of activity going on. Think about what you are looking for in your hotel...WSH may be great for your needs, but it does have some short-comings.	
Sep 28 2008 	Good hotel excellent location	Overall had an enjoyable time at the Washington Square Hotel. The room we were in was small but for all the time spent in there it wasn't really a problem. The room was clean, toiletries replaced daily, there was a safe, TV, Air Conditioning (a bit noisy). As we had an interior view room there was no problem with noise apart from the usual other inconsiderate guests who find it okay to talk at the top of their voices when they pass your room during the night, but you'll find that anywhere. The continental breakfast was good, fruit, cereal, muffins etc. The North Square restaurant is lovely and reasonably priced. I loved the Art Nouveau/Art Deco interiors, some other reviewers seemed to think it was dark but I think it was lovely and cosy. My only complaint is that I was made aware that my friend had tried to contact the hotel to put a bottle of Champagne in our room as a surprise and was passed from reception to the restaurant and back again, the outcome was we didn't get our Champagne to celebrate our honeymoon, not sure if this is symptomatic of this hotel only or more a reflection on customer services levels in NYC (which are not all they are made out to be!). The location is good if you want a break from the noise of uptown and you can spend a great afternoon exploring the village. On the whole it's not an outstanding hotel but a good experience all the same.	
Sep 10 2008	Below Average	We only stayed here one night, having spent four nights at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Tribeca, and two nights at the Alexander Inn in Philadelphia. The WSH was by far the most expensive of these three hotels, and easily the worst. The room was generally shabby, and had a feel of a prison cell about it. It echoed, was sparsely decorated, and had an inward facing window which afforded us a view of some kind of courtyard. It actually felt like we were underground. Breakfast was ok, but for the price (we paid £200 for our one night) I was really disappointed with the whole experience. Perhaps the other hotels we stayed in on our trip had raised my expectations somewhat, but, was really disappointed on the whole. I must give credit however to the staff on reception in the evening, who were very friendly, courteous and helpful.	
Sep 7 2008 	Good location good value	We stayed at the WSH at the end of August for 4 nights on a long weekend from London. Having stayed in NYC previously near Times Square we were keen to stay in a different part of the city and to explore more of Greenwich, Soho etc. The location of this hotel made it an excellent base from which to do this and is probably it's biggest asset. We arrived at night and were allocated a room on the 5th floor. We had booked a deluxe room with a queen bed and were glad we had, there wasn't much room in the bedroom so I'm not sure how much smaller the standard rooms/beds would have been. The room itself was pretty basic, clean and comfortable and it made a perfectly adequate base for our weekend stay. If you're looking for a plush room with all mod cons then this isn't the place for you but if you want somewhere clean and comfortable to lay your head at the end of a day out in NYC then this is just the place. The only real issue that we had with the room was the air-conditioning. AC is provided by small window mounted units which made a lot of noise and weren't very effective. The temperature was such that we could have done with the AC on at night but decided not to put it on as we thought it would have kept us awake with the noise. Given it's location and proximity to bars and clubs etc we did hear a bit of street noise late at night, nothing too bad but if you are a light sleeper best to ask for a quiet room if possible. Good points about the hotel are the free internet connection and complementary continental breakfast. This consists of juice, coffee or tea, cereal, yoghurt, fruit, bagel and muffin and was a good start to the day. If you want something more substantial then you can order from the menu, the prices are pretty reasonable. We also drank in the bar on the night of our arrival which was fine, if a little dark. The best thing about this place is the location. In the heart of 'the village' just across the road from Washington Square Park with a subway station at the end of the road. There are loads of bars, restaurants and shops within a 5 minute stroll and we enjoyed exploring the surrounding neighbourhoods. Overall we were happy with our stay. There was nothing fancy about this hotel but we were happy with what we got for the price we paid which we thought was very reasonable for NYC. We'd consider coming back if we wanted to stay in this part of the city again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Plenty of history not too much cleaning	Entering the lobby, having just enjoyed a taxi ride through the whole Greenwich Village area for the first time (so this is it! how exciting!), I was keyed up for an enjoyable stay. The reception areas are full of character—they've gone for this mix of Art Nouveau, Art Deco, combined with a Greta-Garbo vibe. Lots of dark colors, enamelling, rich velvets. Reception-area staff were also nice; courteous, helpful. But once in a guestroom (it's old Manhattan, so expect teeny-tiny and lots of rehabbing), and once your eyes get adjusted to the 1930s gloom, you begin to notice a lack of diligence in the dusting and vacuuming. Then there's the bathroom---OK, so I'm a clean freak, and if you don't mind seeing occasional hairs from other people in basins and bathtubs along with not-perfectly-removed spots from toilet bowls you'll be fine with the standard of housekeeping that the WSH is content with, at least according to the molecular evidence of the bathroom I was using. And don't look in too many corners.The breakfast room is fine (at the end of a maze of corridors; also, it turns into a gourmet lunch spot at noon). Coffee is basic (you can grab it on the run from flasks). But again, if you're sensitive to things like coffee cups and breakfast bowls that are a little sticky to the touch rather than feeling 100% clean—because they've been boiled in a dishwasher; I used to work in a canteen kichen–you might not enjoy this part of the hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Locationwould definitely go again	My daughter and I loved this hotel. It is a great place to return to after the hustle and bustle of the city and having visited a few other places in NY I was SO glad we were staying in 'the village'.The surrounding area has a lot of character and there are lots of quirky little shops and places to eat nearby. There was a little street noise but FAR less than you would get in other parts of New York and the hotel will give you a quiet room on request .There is a subway at the end of the street and we found it very easy to get around and it was central for all the main sights and activities.The staff couln't have ben nicer and fell over themselves to be helpful. The dining room is worth a visit , we went twice and the food was excellent each time. Yes the rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. The art deco style was cool and funky. We will certainly book here again on our next trip to NY.	
Aug 20 2008 	A Good Trip	Excellent location. Our room was quiet as it was less than 3 feet from the next building. So, nothing to look at. Room was small as is typical in NY. Bathroom quite nice. Everything new. Was a good value for the $$.	
Aug 20 2008	Great place	Pleasant, somewhat old fashioned hotel in a terrific location. The room was small but comfortable, with a small yet serviceable bathroom. Clean and light (our room faced the front street.) Continental breakfast was pretty good. The desk staff and concierge were friendly and helpful. No refrigerator in the room, and the television is small and mounted high on the wall. Minor issues all in all. Great place to stay if your focus is lower Manhattan.	
Aug 13 2008 	week stay in washington square hotel	The hotel room we had was beautiful, recently renovated and had the amazing 1930's style that new york loves so much. the hotel itself is great, the front desk staff were not overly friendly but we didnt have any problems with them! The guy who stands in the lobby did make up for it though, he was really friendly and always had a chat when he could! The location is great for new york if you want to travel around as much as you can, located near enough inbetween Times Sq and the statue of liberty. Its also only a 10 minute walk to the subway so easy enough to get around !	
Aug 6 2008 	Was really really disappointed	The best thing about New York is the service - but not here. I was travelling to the city for the first time and was on my own. I found the whole experience a real disappointment. You are pretty much ignored from the moment you step in till the moment you leave. No thank you after you pay. No bell boy, no assistance whatsoever provided to you once you check in. Not one member of staff smiled at me the whole time I was there. Room not available when I arrived - had to wait 5 HOURS!!!!!! even though I was told in my confirmation call made prior to arrival it would be available. Lugged bags through heavy door (with security guard just looking - too busy to open door) set off to room up wrong set of lifts, couldn't find room - was not told I should have used other lifts. Cleaning staff dont know how to clean - they didn't even wipe down basin or bath, or throw out rubbish each day.Breakfast was HORRIBLE and not even worth $1. The muffins and bagel offered were stale, and then there was some plastic fruit salad that was devoid of taste. Best thing - Babbo across the road for dinner.Stayed there for 9 nights and really was so unimpressed and so disapppointed with it. The cafe downstairs was actually shut most afternoons and I ate in the restaurant once - and was the only person in there. Had to flag down a girl to serve me - she was too busy chatting to her other wait staff, and then when the bill came they charged me for 2 extra glasses of wine - and when I questioned them didn't even get an apology. Really noisy airconditioner that intermittently switches itself off and on during the night. TV was really old and had terrible reception. My advice - pay the extra and get a better breakfast, better service and better facilities. Not worth it at all. Only good thing was the proximity to everything.	
Aug 4 2008 	Exception Value Unbeatable Location	I stayed here with my mother on her first trip to NYC and I am happy we chose this hotel.We looked at many other properties but weighing both location and price- Washington Square was the clear choice.The staff are very considerate and take time to get to know the guests.The room was spotless and well-apointed. The bathroom was very large. There is free breakfast.What sets this hotel apart is that you get an authentic NYC experience because of the location on a quiet street in Greenwich Village- where there is hardly any car traffic. There are no chain hotels nearby so you really get the experience of living amongst the locals. Subway connections are very close and staff will arrange airport transfers.I would not hesistate to return.	
Aug 2 2008 	We Loved The Washington Square Hotel	We spent 8 nights at the Washington Square from July 11 to 19. We had a renovated room with 2 double beds for myself and 2 teen girls. Contrary to what we expected, we didn't find the room too small at all. After all, we didn't go to New York to stay in our room!The teens appreciated the location near NYU as it gave way to a younger crowd in the evenings. There are alot of wonderful little shops nearby and a wide variety of restaurants and bars. It is a great neighborhood to relax in after a long day of sightseeing or shopping.The subway is about a 2 minute walk from the front door of the hotel although if you are up to it, you can walk to Times Square (we did it our first night there).Staff were helpful, rooms were kept clean and the included breakfast came in handy to get us out the door and start the day as quickly as possible.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and hope to return soon.	
Jul 30 2008	Fine hotel	This is a belated review as we stayed last year. I agree with the positive comments made by others. This hotel offers good value and a good location in Greenwich Village. Friendly staff made the stay enjoyable. Clean well equipped bathroom and comfy bed. Room was barely adequate size for two adults and luggage which is the reason I give four stars instead of five.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Location	Great hotel, location smack bang in the middle of Greenwich Village. Small rooms which is average for NY but the beds in the deluxe rooms are mega comfortable. The conceirges are fantastic and a wealth of local knowledge. Visit the french restaurant on Bleeker called A.O.C. and sit and the bar and chew the fat with Phillip the Irish bartenders and the locals, before buying cupcakes at Amy's bakery (the queues for Magnolia are shocking!). Will def be back in 2009 and for many years to come.	
Jul 15 2008 	great location..	We stayed here for New year 2006/2007.Nice place and not too expensive as far as New York goes.Room wasnt massive and the bathroom small, but it had everything you needed. It was clean too.Liked the area, although you dont really want to be walking through the park opposite after dark.Only down side was breakfast, it wasnt that great and you had to line up every morning before you got a seat....a bit naff!!The staff were nice, although there was a bit of confusion when we booked and they nearly canceled our booking due to the fact we hadnt paid in full, even though we werent told to pay in full when we first called to book.All in all a nice stay in a fantastic city.	
Jul 6 2008 	Coudln't Have Been Nicer	My wife, 16 year old daughter and I spent 6 wonderful days here. Before we had spent 3 nights in a 5 star midtown Manhatten hotel. Hands down we enjoyed our stay here much more. The room is comfortable, the bathroom is roomy and seems to have been newly renovated. Everything was very clean, the staff was quite friendly, the included breakfast was a nice touch. Plenty of restaurants and shops are nearby, the subway is just down the street. If we didn't know we were in New York City hotel, we would have sworn we were in a European hotel. We would and will stay here again.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved this sweet little hotel......	This hotel is a beautiful little gem in the Greenwich Village area of NYC. Greenwich Village is fabulous and within walking distance to everything. I stayed here for 5 nights for a conference and was within 8-10 blocks to my destination on Broadway St. between 12th and 13th St. My initial room (#407) was in the back with a view of a construction site. I changed to room # 617 with a gorgeous view of Waverly St. The rooms are on the smaller side, but have everything you need. The bathrooms are very clean, the beds are very soft and comfortable, and if you upgrade like I did, you can have web access in your room. The staff is usually very nice and there is free breakfast in the restaurant where you can actually sit down and enjoy coffee. You can order off the menu for more. This hotel is in walking distance to NYU and Washington Square so there are many restaurants, diners, shops, 24 hr markets to get anything you will need for your hotel room. There are cabs everywhere so you can go anywhere in Manhattan. My absolute best advice from this trip is to pack very, very, very comfortable shoes as you walk everywhere. I ruined my feet from bad shoes and had to buy new ones, but the damage was done by that point. I cannot say one negative thing about this place. There is no early check in so if you arrive early, they will store your luggage for you. Every Weds. Union Square has a Green Market which is a don't miss. If you make a right out of the hotel and walk up a few blocks, there are tons of shops and beautiful restaurants.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great for NYU	There are other interesting hotels in Greenwish Village, but if you have to be at NYU, this is the best bet.The hotel is funky, but rhe room very clean, bed comfortable and, like most NYC rooms, tiny.As another reviewer said, they are doing major work on an adjacent building - not the hotel's fault, but it was very noisy during the day. If you are coming for an NYU related event, make reservations WAAAAY in advance (3, 4 or even 6 months), as they book up quickly for those periods.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great little hotel	This is a wonderful little hotel! The room was quite comfortable and the service excellent. The complimentary breakfast in the dining room was really good. We thoroughly enjoyed the visit to New York--my first time. The hotel is well located near the subway, the park, and restaurants and bars and in walking distance of Chinatown and LIttle Italy. If you stay at the Washington Square, go to Volare, a great authentic Italian restaurant.	
Jun 11 2008 	One of our favorites in NY	We've stayed here for a week every June for several years, due to some work we do near NYU. It's a favorite of ours because of the small, intimate ambiance, the proximity to the park, smaller crowds than mid-town, and excellent service. If you can get rates that are reasonable by booking way ahead, it's a great value. On the downside, the rooms are NYC-small. Also, during our recent visit, the building behind the hotel was being renovated and there was a lot of construction noise at times. This looks like it could be going on for awhile. This is not the Washington Square Hotel's fault, but could be a concern if you plan on spending a lot of time in the room and are located in the back. If you stay here, be sure to walk around the block alongside the restaurant and check out the doggie day care on MacDougal St. There's a big window and you can watch all the dogs playing and waiting for their masters to arrive to take them home!	
May 31 2008 	Perfect Village Location	The Washington Square Hotel is right in the heart of the Greenwich Village. The location gives you easy access to the village (East &amp; West) and also the trendy Meatpacking District. Bleaker Street is around 5 minutes walk from the hotel with all its bars / cafés / restaurants and shops. The hotel itself is pretty in a boutiquey way, the hotel foyer looking like something out of the 1950’s. The room itself wasn’t spacious but there was enough room to ensure a comfortable stay (and this is New York remember!). A comfortable bed and free Wi-Fi ensured the hotel ticked the boxes. Breakfast was complimentary and plentiful, providing a nice start to the day. The Washington Square isn’t the cheapest hotel you’ll be able to find in NYC but it is towards to the lower end of the price bracket. If you want to stay in the Village rather than midtown (as we did) you’re not going to find a better place in NYC. A great hotel, friendly helpful staff and a great location.	
May 20 2008 	fantastic	We staid 9 nights in a deluxe renovated room, on the 8th level. everything was perfect. you join any undergrount line from 100 to 500m from the door. the front desk is so helpfull, all the staff is sympathetic. the breakfast, included, is simple but excellent. you can order extras for your breakfast. the restaurant and lounge bar serve excellent food also.	
May 4 2008 	Neat place to stay!	What a neat place to stay. Yes, the room and bathroom are small but it IS Manhattan! The hotel had an Art Deco/old movie star theme. The room had new furnishings, new carpet, fresh paint. The linens were fresh and new. The beds comfy. The bathroom was small but very clean. There were not bugs, street noise, etc. that others may have seen/heard. The included continental breakfast was great! We had juice, coffee, a bowl of fruit each, and a basket of bagels, muffins, and scones that were delivered to our table. We could have had yogurt and cereal as well. It was definitely a nice touch. Although we didn't eat there, Babbo is right across the street. A very nice hotel. The front desk was helpful too.	
Apr 30 2008 	I checked out the next day	The Washing Square - Greenwich Village.I booked 5 nights in the Washington Square Hotel. Never again.I had found a new hotel within 1 hour. We stayed the night onlyHostel came to mind. I hated it - we paid 250 dollars a night - rip off.I vaule this hotel as a 90 dollar a night at the most.The rooms were not bad, clean. But the hall ways and reception left room for massive improvement. The staff didn't fill me with confidence.Breakfast - there was a big queue waiting for the next people to sit down. We wouldn't queue I'd rather pay and get seated right away so I can't comment on that.We booked in the Crabtree Metropolitain on Lexinton and got 1st class accomodation ( king room) for 9 dollars more. If you want a bigger room ask for the King. It was 15 mintuers walk to Greenwich village. Loved it. Breakfast was wonderfull.If you want to get a taxi to Greenwich Village its really cheap. Trust me, Take a cab and get a better hotel.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great area comfortable hotel pity about the noise	We enjoyed the situation of this hotel which is near Greenwich Village and away from the main tourist drag. Our de luxe room was fine with two excellent double beds, plenty of storage space and a decent bathroom with good shower. Breakfast was not exciting but good enough with fruit salad, and a bread basket with bagels and muffins. Cereal was also provided on request. Fresh orange juice and coffee were very good.On our first evening we dined in the hotel restaurant which was excellent and very convenient after a long flight (we booked a table on arrival - the restaurant is usually busy). There are lots of good restaurants within 10-15 minutes walk of the hotel - it's a good idea to book, especially at the weekend.The real downside for us was the problem of noise starting with deliveries or refuse collection well before 6 am and also the very intrusive building noise which is taking place close to the hotel at the moment. This starts around 8 am and is LOUD! It was possible to reduce the noise to a small extent by keeping the window closed (but it did not appear to be double glazed - so this did not make a huge amount of difference). If the window was closed the room got warm (even in April) and the air conditioning was also extremely noisy. We are not light sleepers and can usually sleep through the sort of noise you might expect in a city , or with air conditioning, but this was really bad.Overall we liked the hotel and there is little choice in Greenwich Village area. However I think we would only book again if we were going in a cool season when it would not be necessary to use air conditioning and we would check first to see if the building work had finished. Our room was at the side of the hotel - it is just possible that rooms at the front may be quieter.	
Apr 17 2008 	Nice hotel in great area	Stayed at the WSH for 4 nights earlier this month. Found the staff to be very helpful and the rooms were small but clean. It is in a fantastic location with loads of bars/restaurants nearby and the subway a 2 min walk.Yes, the hotel was expensive and the rooms small but this is the norm for NYC! The decor in the corridors could do with some updating too. Let's face it tho, you dont come to Manhattan to sit in a hotel room - all you need is a comfortable, clean room and a decent shower which we had.The inclusive breakfast was also good (and rare for hotels in Manhattan) which set us up nicely for a hard days shopping.Would stay here again!	
Apr 16 2008 	Great stay	We stayed at the WSH for 5 nights in early April. The staff were friendly, the room big with a good sized bathroom. It's an excellent base for getting all over Manhatten and over to Brooklyn (close to the A, C and E subway on West 4th). I would certainly recommend it. But make sure you pay the extra and get a Deluxe room rather than a Superior, it's certainly worth the extra.	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent little hotel	Just got back from a weeks stay. Hotel was comfortable and staff very helpful. Food in the bar was great and the service second to none. Good location with subway and restaurants very close. Would stay there again.	
Apr 10 2008	Very disappointing	We had planned to stay for 5 days but left after 2. The hotel is nicely affordable, but I guess you get what you pay for. Room was small and dank, facing a wall. There was insanely loud construction going on starting at 8 in the morning right outside our room -- did not make for a pleasant vacation experience. We found the staff to be unhelpful; for instance when we arrived no one helped us with our bags, when we discussed changing rooms we were met with indifference. This is one of the few hotels in the Village area, which is why we picked it. But overall quite a disappointment.	
Apr 9 2008 	what a bug riddenanti smoking rip off joint!	The Washington Square hotel is an overpriced DIVE. They banned smoking in this hotel, yet the rooms are FILTHY, and the room I had had BUGS in it -- and even with the bugs and filth, they expect people to go out in the cold to smoke?! Ha!!! All the rooms I saw were the size of closets. So for a TINY, BUG INFESTED room where you are not free to smoke a cigarette, you get the honor of paying over $300.00 per night. It is a FLEA BAG HOTEL...LITERALLY. Don't stay there. (By the way, we did smoke cigarettes in their non-smoking room, in their non-smoking hotel, regardless of their new rule, which was put into place just when I made my reservation, but they didn't bother to tell me until I arrived to check in! We were too tired and cold to look for another hotel, so we checked in and smoked in the room anyway. Maybe our smoke killed some of their bug infestation problem, in that room at least)	
Apr 7 2008 	Highly recommandable	Stayed at the WSQ from 27/3 until 1/4 and I can recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a decent and cozy room in the middle of Manhattan. Subway station is just around the corner as well as literally hundreds of cafés, excellent restaurants, pubs, delis. We got a room at the 8th floor which was very nice and I guess considering that you were in the middle of Manhattan very quiet. There is also complimentary breakfast which we actually had only once during our stay because we are not the breakfast-type people, but it was decent - coffee, tea, fruit salad, orange juice, bagels &amp; muffins, butter &amp; jam. For New York and due to the excellent exchange rate (at least for people from EURO countries), this place is almost a bargain. The neighbourhood is great, we were walking around Greenwich &amp; West Village, Soho during late night and felt absolutely safe.Would definitely go there again!!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Value for money in Greenwich Village at the WSH	I always, but always, when in NYC stay at the WSH. Its strengths are its location (good for NYU and transportation), its relative cheapness (for NYC), its small scale and mainly helpful staff. The drawback is the size of the rooms. The restaurant is ok for breakfast (included is the basic but extras cost) but pricey for lunch and dinners. The jazz brunch is fun. Overall, it is recommended.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great Location. Quirky Decor. Great Value. Lovely Breakfast	Loved this hotel with its friendly staff, quirky decor and adequate sized rooms (inc. large bathroom with separate toilet).We overlooked the service area and there were rooms opposite which wasn't great but we were hardly ever in the room (jet lag was getting us up at 5am) so it didn't matter.Breakfast was generous and fresh - great start to the day.Great location among the student bars, comedy clubs and restaurants and halfway between the north and south tourist attractions so easy to walk everywhere from the Hotel.	
Mar 17 2008 	lovey hotel in a fab area	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nioghts, were inroom 809 and could see the empire state building from the room which was fantastic. Breakfasts were lovely, fresh fruit, yogurt, juice. Only draw back, was no tea of coffee facilities in the room ,las as we were wking very early around 4 am to 6am would have loves a cuppa, instead it was a quick change and down to starbucks at the end of the block for a take out. Otherwise no fault as the subway wasa a block away and it was a 10 min walk to greenwich. Would ue=se the hotel again	
Feb 25 2008 	Perfect place to stay	Just back from a week's stay with a girlfriend - what a gem of a place, fantastic location, very clean room, friendly helpful staff, agree with all the comments made by other reviewers. Great to just walk downstairs for breakfast (ample for us, loved starting the day with healthy fruit and yogurt, orange juice, bagels, and all included in the price). Never had to queue or wait for service. We had a delux room on 2nd floor with partial view of the Square. My only criticism is that the room decor is rather drab, though had just be renovated (don't think much of their interior designer, if they had one...dull browns and beige - more colour please, but that's just my personal taste) Lovely fluffy bathrobes and lots of towels and toileries. Tip - if you can use the stairs that lead up from the restaurant to get to your room then do - much nicer and grander than the narrow cramped corridors that lead to/from the elevator (and all that horrid swirly plaster on the walls!)Location perfect - just loved Greenwich village, not at all touristy but only one stop on subway to 42nd street. Lots of great restaurants and cafes within walking distance, and felt very safe whatever the time of day. places.Staff so helpful (will book tours, recommend places to eat/visit, check flights etc - very reasurring as we were due to fly home the day after 6&quot; snow fell and flights delayed by 6-8 hours, thankfully all back to normal the day we flew) All in all, no complaints and would definitely stay again - and happy to recommend to others.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great value for money + great location	We arrived late into New York, so had already booked a table at The Square restaurant, right next door to the Washington Square Hotel, and as we found out, part of the hotel itself. The food was gorgeous and it was great to stumble back next door to our lovely clean and soft, comfy bed to sleep off the jet lag. Having read other reviews about noisy rooms, we had requested a room far away from the elevator. The room we got had no view (we didnt need one!) but was so quiet, we didnt hear anything! Next morning the fresh complimentary breakfast was served in the restaurant we had been to the night before! The staff were friendly and smiley without being gushing. The location of the hotel was perfect for us - metro station right on the corner, and on Saturday night Greenwich Village was right on the doorstep - really busy nightlife with a great atmosphere.	
Feb 14 2008 	Trying to put a good face on it	I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel on Feb. 12, 2008. I chose it for its proximity to NYU law school (block and a half away). I paid $220 + taxes, which included breakfast.The hotel did the best it could in an old building. My room was small, just big enough for a double bed with 3-4' of space on three sides. The bathroom was small enough that when I put the bathmat on the floor, it was like wall-to-wall carpeting. But the room and bathroom were both very clean, and I heard no street noise. (I was in room 329, and the window faced a courtyard or alley, I couldn't tell which.) I heard the shower in the room above me once, but otherwise did not hear any noise from nearby rooms.The room was very thoughtfully outfitted. The bed was comfortable and clean, there was free (wired and wireless) internet access, bathrobes, an umbrella (which I needed), etc. The fitness room was also small, but had a couple of treadmills, a stepper, half a dozen weight machines, and a few other things.The hotel doesn't have room service, but there is a nice restaurant on the first level and it will package food to go so you can take it back to your room. I had some terrific scallops there. In the morning, breakfast is served there -- fresh squeezed orange juice, coffee, fruit salad, bagels and muffins are brought to your table and included in your room rate, and then you can also add additional food (one egg, $2, three-egg omelette, $9). I'd probably return to this hotel if I needed to stay by NYU again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great Place to stay in new york!	We stayed at this hotel over new years for 6 nights and it was exactly what you needed to have a great trip to new york!Fisrtly our flight was delayed on the way over and we got stuck in Fiji and had to cancel our first night with only 24hrs notice with which they were very accomodating and didnt charge us for which was appreciated.The people at the front desk were lovely, very helpfull and freindly! Breakfast included in the room was good and aparently not very common for new york, so if you want to start your day without trekking around looking for somewhere to eat its great!Thr rooms werent anything fancy but we hardly spent ANY time in them and when we did the room wasa clean, bed comfy, tv had a million stations and the bathroom was a decent size too - i would reccomend a renovated room!Ther hotel is right on the park which was nice and we saw the movie I am Legend while we were there and the movie was set around the park alot which was fun to see!I liked the location because it is very central to new york city so where ever you want to walk is not too far away - we walked everywhere! There were also some great restaurants around in greenwhich village, soho, west village etc which were no more than 15 min walk from the hotel.Overall i found it good value, great location, nice room and nice staff - i had it reccomended to me by 2 people and i will now reccomend to others myself!	
Jan 27 2008 	Great hotel	Great little hotel in Greenwich Village.Reasonably priced (for New York), good location, very good breakfast included in the room fee.Only complaint was getting a room next to the lift but at least that wasn't working between midnight and 7am.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great Hotel great location!!	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over New Years 2007-08 and had a great stay. I was in one of the room son the third floor which has been refurbished and feel a good job has been done on the refurb. The room actually felt quite spacious, with a large bed and smaller separate bathroom. The room looked exactly like the hotel photos that you can see.The location is fantastic - Washington Square across the road, an entrance to the W4th St subway station at the other end of the block and only a couple of blocks to walk to Bleeker Street.The staff were very helpful both in just checking in and out as well as with any questions that I had.The included breakfast at the restaurant was a great way to get the day started, with usually juice/coffee, a bowl of fruit salad and a plate of breads/muffins.All in all, would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jan 8 2008 	Great location mixed stay...	First - the location is great. If you want a more authentic New York experience, Greenwich Village is a must. Great atmosphere, shops, coffee shops (real, not just Starbucks!), and the hotel is bang in the middle of all of these. A subway just around the corner will wizz you up to Times Square, but we couldn't wait to get back again!Having stayed in New York before, there are some things you just can't change... yes the rooms aren't huge, but who needs a huge room when there's so much to see outside! The bigger issue was the size of the bed, which though it said Queen, was not the size I expected, and my feet did go over the end! Yes, it was noisy outside, and we did have to move once to escape the noise from above the bar exit at 2am, and yes the lorries and sirens woke us up, but this is a city, so you get over it!The staff were helpful and generally very friendly, and the breakfasts were great. We did eat in the bar on our first night, and the food and service were very good.Would I go back? I think so, and I would recommend to friends, but for a real authentic experience in a great location, you have to put up with the odd flaw!	
Jan 7 2008	Well Priced Great location No Troubles!	This hotel was in a word fantastic and made our holiday.From the moment of arrival we where welcomed by a cheery chap who opened the door and gave us a happy holidays shout!The room was not huge by any means but it was clean tidy and compact. It wasn't too small though dont think that... It depends I guess on what you are looking for. I loved the touch of having bath robes for each of us and an umbarella for our use during our stay. We arrived also to find that brekfast was included with our room rate... which was a welcome surprise as when we booked with expedia we understood it was not. The breakfasts where of a continental style served by proffessional team of hispanic waitors all dressed in black. They just hit the spot with me and I have no complaints. They also offered huge cooked breakfast options and we watched many people getting platefulls delivered whilst thinking how could they possibly down all that food at this time in the morning.As for the general hotel stuff.. It was busy but not to noisy... the air conditioning worked fine... we had no problems with the bathroom or a supply of hot water...In short a well recomended hotel... especially if you preffer the downtown area of the city. Much less bussier than the whole mid town razamataz... which is nice to experiance but not great to come home to in my oppinion.	
Jan 2 2008	Pros and Cons. Charming but .......	I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel two weeks before Christmas when hotel prices are at their highest in N.Y. My niece recommended this hotel for its relatively reasonable rates (remember this is NY), great location and really charming atmosphere. I'm in the city a lot and I don't like large, impersonal hotels. This boutique hotel was perfect. However:Cons: Street noise was bad and we were on the top floor. The room air conditioner could not be turned on (this was December) and the only way to cool the over-heated room was to open the windows. (This is typical of city apts. but not hotels.) The recycling truck crashed below at 2 a.m. but I took a sleeping pill and slept well the rest of the night. There's always an answer!The pillows are like bricks (a previous reviewer was right.) Bring your own pillow. Book a room away from the elevator.Pros:The room was very large, 2 double beds, and immaculate. Beds were extremely comfortable.Bathroom was large, 2 double sinks, gleaming white subway tiles and also immaculate.Breakfast (included) was perfect - bowls of fresh fruit, basket of assorted breads and unlimited coffee.Restaurant is very well known and deservedly so. People come from uptown to dine here, but it still has that neighborhood feel that makes a visitor believe that he has an apt. around the corner and has just stopped in with friends. The best. Make a reservation when you book the room.Recommendations: Spring for the luxury rooms that are newly renovated and decorated like the lobby in the art deco style. Check the website - the older rooms look like monks' quarters.Also check where the elevator is. In our room it was in the wall behind our beds' headboard, but again that's why I travel with my emergency sleeping pills.Would I go there again? I think so, but I would be sure and deal with the pillow, noise and heat problems ahead of time. All three could be avoided when booking the room. I was with my sister - when my husband heard of the problems, he said that's why he stays at large, quiet, impersonal hotels and would never put up with those inconveniences. But it was charming!	
Jan 1 2008 	Great small hotel	Booked the hotel through Trailfinders as it is one of their recommended hotels. Although you see the rooms quoted as being small, ours was plenty big enough (although we did book a deluxe room). Lovely bathroom with 'condiments' amply provided. We were expecting a mediocre breakfast as it was included, but were pleasantly surprised.We had an evening meal in the North Square restaurant which was delicious.Not too far to walk to a choice of metro stations - and an easy walk to the shopping area of Greenwich Village. The Olive Tree is a short walk and also a nice place to eat and while-away an evening.We'd book again.	
Dec 29 2007	Very cozy hotel!	We just returned from a stay at the Washington Square Hotel and had a wonderful experience. Because we were a family of four on a budget we were able to book a renovated quad room which provided ample space and a very nice, clean bathroom. The staff including the breakfast crew were always smiling and very helpful and made us feel welcome in a big, busy city. Highly recommended!	
Dec 18 2007 	Great Hotel great location	We stayed 4 nights in mid December. The room and bathroom were clean and reasonably sized. The room was warm (NYC had two snowstorms whilst we were there). No view from the room but we hadn't come to NY to sit in a hotel room. Reception staff were always helpful, provided maps, discount vouchers and advice. They even booked us in on our return flights and printed our boarding cards for us.The included breakfast was a pleasant surprise, fresh fruit and juice followed by muffins, scones and bagels, unlimited tea or coffee.The North Square restaurant was good value for evening meals - but book if you intend to dine there on Friday or Saturday night as it is very popular.The subway at West 4th Street is just a block away.All in all an excellent hotel.	
Dec 15 2007 	Excellent	I just come back from NY were I stayed at the WSH and it was great : the staff very nice and usufull, the hotel is confortable and very well located with a lot restaurants and jazz bars at walk distance, I'll definitly stay there again next time I'll be in NY	
Dec 8 2007	Excellent	We stayed on 5th floor for 5 nights in November 07.Our room was compact but big enough for our needs.Room was clean &amp; comfy, furnished to high standard &amp; had 2 windows.bathroom clean with a great powerful hot shower.Staff were polite &amp; helpful especially Doorman who greeted us daily like old friends.Location is superb with subway station &amp; counless restaurants/bars &amp; shops on the doorstep.We walked most places including ground zero &amp; empire state which although quite long walks there was intersting stuff &amp; shops etc on route.Hotel arranged car to JKK which was much better than cab &amp; only$5 more.Will definately stay here next time in NY.Recommended to friends &amp; family.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel was a real gem in New York City. I had read in earlier reviews that the rooms were small but found them to be comfortable and perfectly adequate (after all who wants to spend much time in their room in New York City!)The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel was situated in a quiet area in Greenwich Village directly across from Washington SquarePark, a hangout for the many students around the area.The subway and a drug store were just around the corner (provisions of water etc. and transport links) and there were always plenty of cabs passing by.Complimentary breakfast was included in the room price but extra itemse.g. omelette, pancakes etc. could be ordered for a few dollars extra.Restaurant was very popular with the locals (which is always a good sign) and the food was excellent at lunchtime and in the evenings. There is even a lounge bar menu if you are feeling like a snack (greatfood again). Great place to stay.	
Nov 18 2007 	Wonderful stay	Hotel is in lovely, quiet area yet only one block from major subway station. You are also near 24 hour drugstore, coffee, restaurants and bus lines. Cabs run down street often. Our room was fairly large, by NY standards, and comfortable. It was a little dark, no view, but that's OK if it's quiet. Our main complaint is tiny one -- the (free) breakfast area was so tight that you felt overwhelmed if a loud,annoying person happened to be braying at the next table. We plan to come back to NY and stay here again, no question.	
Nov 16 2007 	A great find in the Village!	I had a difficult task ahead in booking a hotel for Marathon weekend. Everything seemed to be booked or more than $400/night. (I know Manhattan hotels are expensive, but sheesh!) I looked into bed &amp; breakfast places but my two-night stay was shy of the minimum for those few places that had rooms left.Since the rate I received for a single was so far below the rates I found for other hotels, I was nervous about the stay. But I have to say, the hotel far exceeded my expectations. I was allowed to check in very early by a pleasant front desk attendant. I found my (remodeled) room on the second floor to be lovely, but small, which is typical of New York, but with plenty of storage and surface space for my needs. My window overlooked an airshaft. Some people might not like that they can't look out on the city, but I prefer a quiet room at night and that's exactly what I got. Plus the room/bathroom were immaculate. (I even pulled up the sheets and examined the mattress corners for my bedbug check ;-)The continental breakfast was surprisingly satisfying (fruit, bread basket, coffee, juice) but I must say the service was spotty. Day one we couldn't get anyone's attention and sat for quite a while before being served. Second day there were several pleasant servers fawning. Who knows?I had a problem w/the heat in my room--too much of it---and the front desk had someone from maintenance up there within 5 minutes to turn off the register for me.In fact, I found the front desk to be extremely helpful, in general--one arranged very affordable, last-minute car service for our group, and someone was always willing to give directions, etc. (Loved that the subway entrance was a short block away and there was a drugstore on the corner.)All in all, I would definitely stay there again and recommend them wholeheartedly. (Note, I'm rating them a 5 because the hotel is a tremendous value for the price, not that they are on par with a 5 star hotel in Manhattan.)	
Oct 26 2007 	Great location try to stay on upper floors....	What a great location, stayed off Times Sq last time in New York and Greenwich is so much better. Staff were friendly (with the exception of the Breakfast staff) and we had no problems changing the room after a disastrous first night. We stayed for 4 nights. The first night we stayed in Rm 209 which I would avoid unless you intend being awake by 6am due to the laundry noise from downstairs and the building site next door. We were moved to the top floor for the next three nights and it was plain sailing from there. Rooms are small but clean, but when in NYC you shouldn't be in any hotel room for longer than it takes to get a good nights sleep. Less then a block from the Subway and within 2 minutes walk of some great bars and restaurants. Try Galanga for the best Thai food outside of Thailand and go to Grooves when Li'nard and his band are playing.Washington Sq Hotel was a great base for exploring NYC and the area around it was far better than being in the overcrowded uptown area.	
Oct 23 2007	Excellent Establishment in Greenwich Village	Myself my husband and our two children aged 17 and 11 stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in Oct 07. I had read reviews which said the rooms were very small, one person even said the rooms and the corridors bordered on being dirty. I have to say whilst yes the room was small the hotel was anything but dirty. I stayed in the Sheraton Manhattan two years ago which was twice the price and was plain grotty. The room was small but adaquete with two queen beds - if you were tidy and hung up your clothes and packed away your shopping each night size was not an issue. The room was on the 8th floor and was very bright and comfortable. It was unseasonably warm when we were there and the a/c was very quiet and effective. I have read on other reviews about noisy a/c'S in the hotel but this was not our experience. The corridor area had been freshly painted we had asked for a deluxe room when booking but had not been allocated one. Reception offered to change us the next day but in the end we were happy enough with the room we had and stayed put. The staff were very freindly courteous and helpful particularly the bell man who went out of his way each day to suggest places for us to shop and visit. On one occasion he saw me looking at a subway map and enquired about where we wanted to go. The route we had picked was not the most direct due to our unfamiliarity with the subway system so he gave us directions to an alternative subway station probably saving us an hour on the return trip. The reception staff were very helpful on the day of check out our bags were stored as our flight was not until 9.30 pm that evening this was not a problem and they asked if there was anything else they could help us with prior to our departure just to ask. I thought that this was very good service as at this stage we had paid our bill. The brekfast was adaquete and comprised of fresh orange juice fresh fruit muffins and bagels. A couple of mornings our daughter did not join us for brekfast and a take out was provided without question.The location of the hotel is also excellent certainly beats the touristy times square area. The village was lovely to walk around in the evenings or early morning There are plenty of good restaurants and a good jazz scene The area is also reasonably quiet so we all got a good nights sleep. The hotel certainly added to a very enjoyable stay in NYC I would highly recommend it and from a price perspective it is excellent value. I will definitely return to the WSH	
Oct 11 2007 	A little find	Walsall, West Mids-11th October 2007.We stayed here for 5 nights, our first time in NYC, we would really recommend this hotel for lots of reasons:-Located in Greenwich Village giving easy access to downtown &amp; midtown Manhattan. Staff are very helpful, willing to book excursions and cars. Doormen very ammenable, giving advice on the local area and hailing cabs.Our room was not ready on arrival but we were immediately offered complimentary cocktails in the bar to pass the time. Hotel is not huge but has been re-furbished, complimentary breakfast is a good start to the day, we ate in the hotel several times and food was a very good standard at a reasonable cost.Our room was compact and although kitted out with all the 'little extras', bath robes, shower gels etc, was classed as an 'internal room' and did not have any natural light. In fairness we knew that when we booked it, but in hindsight had it been available when we booked we would have paid the little extra for an external facing room. The hotel is situated on the corner overlooking Washington Square Park, there always seemed to be some type of entertainment going on there eg, musicians &amp; singers. There are a lot of cafes and bars within easy walking distance, tables &amp; chairs on the pavements with a relaxed European style atmosphere.Can recommend the open top bus tours (particularly the night time tour which takes you over into Brooklyn giving unforgettable views of the Manhattan skyline at night). Also the evening sunset water taxi harbour cruise was excellent value for money with more stunning views.On our final evening we 'treated' ourselves to a meal at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant at The London Hotel and we were not disappointed, a real gastronomic experience. Our taste buds are spoilt forever.If you want to stay somewhere with easy access to all of Manhattan and like the idea of the 'village' atmosphere we can really recommend this hotel, a haven after the hustle &amp; bustle of Times Square.	
Oct 9 2007	Great hotel great location	Manhattan is a very expensive place to stay so relatively speaking, the Washington Square hotel is a 'bargain' - even though 4 nights there cost over £500! The location can't be beaten - right opposite Washington Square which is a great, safe place to hang out at weekends listening to the buskers. There's also a subway station literally two minutes away and a 24 hour drug store. The staff are really friendly and helpful and the door staff can give you great tips for places to eat. The free breakfast of a toasted bagel and fresh fruit is also great for those days when you've had your fill of American sized breakfasts! The rooms are small by American standards but we had no complaints - who goes to New York to stay in their hotel room anyway?I will definitely be staying here again.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great staff nice hotel and the best location	I booked this hotel mostly because i wanted to live in that area and there are not so many hotels there, atleast not with good rewiews. I took a single normal room and it was good. A little bit small but who cares. It was clean with a nice bathroom and TV. Breakfast was great in the lovely restaurant and the staff was very welcoming. Next time i come to New york i will defenetly stay there again	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	We booked this hotel mostly because of the location and we were a little nervous because of certain reviews on this site. We did take the advice in other reviews and booked a Delux room.We were not at all disapointed. The staff were very friendly, always greeting us and offering help and assistance whenever we needed it. The rooms we did not consider small, they were spotless and modern. Complimentary smellies, good quality towels and lovely robes. The complimentary breakfast (given that most hotels these days are room only) was excellent, fresh fruit salad, lovely muffin/bagel basket, endless fresh coffee and endless freshly squeezed orange juice. And fortunately we never had to que on the stairs to get a table.The location is what originally sold us on this hotel and it was perfect, in the middle of Greenwich Village, so we were surronded by nice bars and restaurants - try the olive tree on nearby MacDougal Street and within walking distance of the shopping delights of Soho! The subway is a 1 minute walk away.I will certainly be reccomending the Washington Square Hotel to friends.	
Sep 17 2007 	Clean quiet friendly...and a great location	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (Aug. 20-23) with a friend, and we were both pleased with everything we received. The room we got was a twin, as promised. Although the room was small, it was spotlessly clean, and its location on the 8th floor provided peace &amp; quiet. The daily breakfast was adequate and was included in the price of the room. The desk staff was helpful during check-in and check-out, and always had a friendly greeting whenever we passed by on our way in or out. The best feature of this hotel is its location in Greenwich Village, overlooking Washington Square. It places you smack dab in the middle of the cool areas of lower Manhattan (the East &amp; West Villages, Chelsea, Soho and the Lower East Side), which are all within easy walking distance. The 6th Ave./8th Ave. subways have a station entrance at the end of the block, at Waverly Pl. I have stayed at 6 different hotels in NYC over the last 25 yrs. without repeating a stay. The Washington Square will be the first NYC hotel that I will stay at again...and again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Excellent Value for Money	We were expecting a small room and we got one. However, it was very functional, had everything we wanted, including a hair dryer, TV, iron and ironing board. The room was very clean, with good quality towels, changed daily and complimentary tolietries.The hotel is in an excellent location with a subway station just 200 yards away and many good bars and restaurants nearby. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, despite what some other reports have stated.One downside was the complimentary breakfast. No matter what time we went for breakfast, we had to queue on the stairs while we waited for someone to come and show us to a table. Then when we finally got a table, the service was slow and somewhat lacking. The one day we decided to order something cooked, at an additional charge, they got the order wrong. After that we decided to eat breakfast outside at one of the many good and inexpensive diners in the area.We visited the hotel bar once, but almost $18 for two beers was a little excessive, so we didn't go there again.At the end of the day, the hotel was excellent value for money, although the bar wasn't and the breakfast problems would not stop us staying there again. Most hotels are room only, so treat this one as such and you can't go far wrong.	
Aug 28 2007	Pleasant enough hotel	I agree with OKCowgirl on most of the points. Further:1) Ask for a room facing MacDougall St. I was on the 2nd floor in a deluxe room and heard absolutely nothing. 2) The bed and pillows in the deluxe room were great. 3) I thought the breakfast was fine. I was surprised to have a bowl of fresh fruit. The bagels and muffin were soft. 4) Turn right onto Waverly Place and there is a Duane Reade 24hr pharmacy. Note the subway station next door.	
Aug 26 2007 	O.K. place to stay	O.K. Hotel. Lobby nice. We stayed on the third floor. The room was smallish with a queen bed. Clean, no mold in the bathroom grout, but make no mistake this ain't the Ritz (also not the Ritz price!) This room was very European (read small room area, small bathroom, one chair at the dresser) The bed was comfortable, clean and the A/C good (but a bit on the noisy side). The T.V was mounted high on the wall...I felt like I needed to look for a place to insert quarters to operate it...... It's away from the street so there is no outside noise.; However, one of the doors in the immediate vicinity needed its damper replaced, because we could occasionally hear it slam, even with the A/C running. The hallways are very English, small and winding (no big deal, but you can get turned around if you are not paying attention)My biggest gripe is that the hallway smelled like a locker room and if you have a very sensitive sniffer one can faintly smell it in the room. The hallway was not air conditioned and was hot and stuffy. The hallway on the third floor looked like it was in the middle of a renovation as the white plaster &quot;swirling&quot; on the walls was worked around some old existing wall tile decoration lending a &quot;cheap hotel&quot; feel.The attached restaurant was excellent for dinner and reasonably priced, but the &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast was disappointing; The staff seemed in a hurry and not very attentive. I believe it is a different lease operation from the dinner business as it had a different feel, different staff and no one was proficient at speaking English.&quot;Dittos&quot; with the other reviewers regarding the convenience of the location. Overall a nice inexpensive (for NYC) hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	Get what you pay for	I` ve stayed before &amp; like the location &amp; price.This time the room was gloomy and the air con so loud.The breakfast staff were just awful. Not a smile or thank you between them all. We ate breakfast elsewhee after the second day.But it was booked for it`s location and because it was suppose to have Art Deco features (not fab) - you get what you pay for, however we wil probably go elsewhere next time we visit NY.	
Jul 29 2007 	Good Hotel in Greenwich Village	I was attending a conference at NYU and stayed at the Washington Square Hotel. Overall, it was not a bad stay and I would stay again in order to be close to NYU. However, here are some observations to help you decide:- Some of the bellmen were WONDERFUL in giving reccommendations, subway tips, etc!- Elevators, hallways and rooms were very small!- window A/C units - there is a &quot;light switch&quot; to turn it on!- Nice little bar and helpful bartenders- My room did not look over the street, so it was quiet. Some colleagues had street facing rooms and they said it was really loud at night (garbage trucks, etc)- Shower curtain was hung too high and stuck to me in the shower - i ended up leaving it open because water got everywhere anyway!- Front desk will give you a nice map if you ask- Nice beds (queen is biggest), with pillow top mattressesIf you are looking for luxury and roomy, keep looking, but if the location suits you and you are looking for a safe, comfortable place, this may be it!	
Jul 27 2007 	A Plus from our whole group	We also have a glowing review for this hotel. We had 4 women stay in one room. Got the deluxe (over the superior) and had ample room for four sets of luggage plus all the shopping purchases. We had a corner room, 221, that had a view of the square and windows on two sides. Our bathroom was roomy and had two sinks. The room had two double beds, a long table vanity, one sitting chair, chest of drawers, and a 3 nighttables, everyone had their own space. The beds in the deluxe room were dreamy, soft top mattress with fluffy white comforters. The a/c was one wall unit but monitored itself on and off and seemed to keep up fine in July weather. Very convenient to subways and restaurants. The staff was friendly, and helpful, from front desk to security and doormen. It was nice staying on the 2nd floor because we could take the one flight of stairs instead of waiting on a somewhat slow elevator. It is a quiet neighborhood so being on a lower floor didn't matter.	
Jul 22 2007 	I highly recommend this hotel	What a great hotel for $235/night in such an expensive city. We arrived early, they stored our bags no problem and based upon recommendations here we requested a deluxe room on an upper floor. Upon our return, we were given exactly that on that on the top floor. It was plenty spacious, super clean, had a nice bathroom, windows on either side of the room, one with a view of the park. The room had been recently renovated and looked just like the picture on their website. We were right next to the elevator but never heard it. The AC, a window unit, was new, worked fine and wasn’t particularly noisy. We didn’t visit the bar, but did enjoy the nice complimentary continental breakfast of fresh fruit, juice, coffee, muffins and bagels (yes, no cream cheese) in the pleasant restaurant. Everyone, even the night staff, were very nice, especially the woman who checked us in and was so accommodating of our specific room request. We noticed people working there on continued improvements to the property (though that didn’t at all take away from our visit). The location was perfect for us being so near the neighborhoods we were most interested in. The subway was less than a block away giving quick, easy, no-transfer service to the heart of Midtown. I highly recommend this hotel. Thank you to all the members who wrote reviews and helped us make choices that made for such a nice stay.	
Jul 9 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	I stayed at WSH for eight nights. My room was very nice, not tiny, and had two windows with a partial view of the park. I thought the staff was generally helpful and friendly, some more than others, but none were even close to what I would consider rude. The free breakfast was great. The meals I had in the dining room were very good, the wine list was interesting, and the prices were not unreasonable. The location is great. I would not hesitate to stay there again or to recommend it to a friend. I think the key is to understand that you are not staying in a resort, and if you care about room size or view, ask for a room that fits your expectations.	
Jul 8 2007 	Pleasant Surprise	My wife and I have just returned from a long weekend trip in NYC and the Washington Square Hotel was a wonderful experience. From the staff to the room and to the friendly and always helpful lobby security I would not hesitate to stay here in the future. After reading several negative reviews we was frankly a bit skeptical, but after arriving our doubts were set at ease. The rooms are plenty big enough...the most pleasanr surprise afeter reading how small the rooms were. We have stayed at a boutigue hotel in London UK in the past and the rooms there were much smaler than the WSH. Being in the village and close to NYU, Little Italy, Chinatown, and the subway stations at either W 4th St or Union Square is also a plus. You can also walk 2 blocks west on W 4th st to Joe's Coffee house for some of the best cappucino and pastries in NYC. Overall a very pleasant stay in a quaint and quiet hotel....my hat's off to all the staff at the Washington Sq Hotel for making our stay enjoyable	
Jun 28 2007	location	The main reason to stay at this hotel is the location. If you are interested in the West Village or the NYU campus, it is one of the only choices and actually a pretty good choice at that. Makes you feel part of the true NY neighborhood of Washington Square Park. With the small rooms and breakfast included, you are reminded of an older European hotel. I have stayed there several times and will go back.	
Jun 13 2007 	overall great experience	To anyone who has never stayed in New York city please be advised hotel Rooms are small unless you are staying in a 5 star paying the big bucks!! However if you are looking for clean and good value for your money than the Washington Square hotel maybe for you. This hotel is not in the tourist area ie: Times Square , Broadway. You would not find a hotel in that area as nice for the price. This hotel is in a great location if you are interested in staying in Greenwich Village and would like to be near Soho , Little Italy, China town , Canal street and more. There are great patios where you will be sitting with locals where the food is good and much better priced. The subway is around the corner and there is always a cab. We stayed for 3 nights and will not hesitate to go back.1. The room was clean ,and updated, the washroom had everything you needed it to ..plenty of clean towels ,hair dryer ..shampoos and soaps.2. I read where people complained about the rude staff...well we were there long enough to see different staff members with shift changes and they were all friendly and were helpful with any questions or requests we had. 3. The contintental breakfast was nice as well , we were seated and asked if we would like coffee or tea, than brought a selection of toasted bagels , muffins and bowl of fresh fruit with orange juice.I have always read reviews on here and have taken them with a grain of salt and I suggest you do the same. I have tried to be as honest as I can with this review. I am well travelled and have stayed in many hotels all over the world.Hope this helps, Mary	
Jun 5 2007 	Nice breakfast and good location but poor rooms and rude staff	I will give WSH its due--the breakfast was great and the security man was excellent--friendly and attentive. After that and the location, not much I can say to recommend this hotel. I booked and confirmed (two days prior) a room with one queen-sized bed. When I checked in and went to the room, it had two double beds. I went back to the front desk and the clerk told me that they were queen beds, which obviously was not true. Then they tried to appease me and told me that this room with two double beds was an &quot;upgrade&quot; that I should be happy. I told them that since we were planning to only sleep in one bed, this was actually a downgrade for me. In response to my concerns, another staff member literally said to me that there were &quot;plenty of hotels in NY&quot; and to go find another one! When I asked why my confirmed room was not available, the manager said that they allow people to stay in their rooms if they decide to extend their time at the hotel. I can't imagine a hotel adopting this policy as this could confuse all the reservations that were made. In my experience, if I want to extend my stay at other hotels and the room is not available, I have to either leave or change rooms. Hard to believe that this really isn't their policy. OK--enough about the staff, let's focus on the rooms. The beds are not comfortable and the rooms are basic, to say the least. However, I could put up with this if the staff hadn't been so rude. As I said, I couldn't recommend this hotel unless there wasn't much left in the area.	
May 19 2007	Location location location	We had a wonderful stay at the WSH and the staff could not be more friendly and helpful. The standard rooms are small, but recently refurbished and clean with comfortable beds. Many do not have external views. Do not stay here if you want a hotel with guaranteed quiet room and great views. The best feature is the location which is right on the Park. You can walk in any direction from here and find fantastic restaurants, cafes, clubs and bars. Music is everywhere, jazz in the streets, blues in the Park, opera in the restaurant along the road. The famous people to have stayed here in the 60's when it was a residential hotel include Bob Dylan with Joan Baez, Barbara Streisand &amp; many others. Good complimentary breakfast served until 11 am. Highly recommended, but remember to pack your earplugs for a good nights sleep.	
May 17 2007	Not for me	The location is great, as is the pricing. After that, there's not much to recommend the property. The rooms were small, but I expected it would be so for the price. I was trying to view it as a edgy, village experience, but mostly it felt dingy and not clean (dirty would be overstating it). The room color was drab, the window AC unit noisy and inefficient. The single elevator carried the trash and the guests. You get the idea. When I strategize how to get into and out of the shower without bare feet, it's not a place where I'll return.	
May 11 2007	Beyond expectation	Was recommended this hotel and used Tripadvisor to research it a bit more - all the positives (and only a minor one or two of the negatives) all held true. Room was very large by New York Hotel standards, comp breakfast was a surprise joy, and staff were a mix of 'couldn't be nicer' and usual New York/look after yourself, we just let is slide. Location is second to none. Bar served great cocktails (though it's a bit of a pokey bar, it's best to move further afield!)Negatives? Okay the grumpy night staff and the teeny tiny closet, but that's all that's stopping me give it 10 out of 10.	
May 7 2007 	great location unwelcoming staff	You couldn't beat the location -- quiet street right in the Village. No other area we'd rather be in. As previously mentioned though, rooms were tiny. We stayed for a week (Christmas time) - first room we were given had no windows and no space to move around. Felt claustrophobic so we moved to a larger room with 2 windows. Much better...Front desk people just had no interest in making us feel we were welcome. They would just chat with each other mostly.Still we weren't there for the hotel and it was a great holiday watching jazz, eating great food, etc.	
May 4 2007	Hated this hotel	We have one more day to stay at this hotel and we are counting the hours. It's not just that the room is tiny, we can't understand how they can expect twopeople to stay here for 3 nights in a room with three drawers only. There's a card chair to sit in but it's also being used currently to hang our jackets.The closet is small as well. The staff is perfuntory and rather inattentive with exception of a security man in lobby. He seems to double as a bell boy but a bell boy who only shows you where the elevator is and then you're on your own! i'd rather stay at a Motel 6. The front desk people seem inept. We booked a limo one evening for a Saturday. The next morning there was no record of this reservation. I asked for a sewing kit and was told by woman clerk to go to the drugstore. Another clerk overheard her and pulled a sewing kit out of a drawer filled with them. Poor training here. The bed is so short that it didn't accommodate my 5'6&quot; frame.Lots of construction going on here also so 7AM was the latest we could sleep here.Pluses: The comp continental breakfast was a plus as well as the location across from the park. But we would never, ever stay in this so-called deluxe Queen room again.	
Apr 27 2007	Stay here time and time again	No hesitation in recommending this hotel. Have stayed here on numerous occasions and if anything, this lovely hotel just gets better and better. Good location, excellent attentive staff and very comfortable rooms - reasonably priced too.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great location characterful hotel	We stayed at the WSH in mid-February 2007 and really enjoyed our stay there. The location is brilliant - really near to loads of great cafes, restaurants and shops - and has much more character than the rather soulless hotels in midtown. We booked a deluxe room which had obviously been fairly recently refurbished in an art deco style and which was a reasonable size. It also came with a view of the Park and of Babbo's across the road! My only niggle with the room was that the radiator was tiny and it was a little cold. We did manage however to obtain extra blankets.The bar staff were very sweet - we hadn't tried bourbon before so the barman let us try a sample of the most popular for free and suggested that we might like also to try a Manhattan. Other staff were friendly enough - we like to keep ourselves to ourselves so don't like over intrusive staff.Breakfast was included in the price and was fruit salad plus a basket of toasted bagels and muffins. All in all a great stay and I would highly recommend the hotel and the area.	
Apr 25 2007 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else	New York is expensive, so you really need to save cash where you can. Yes, the rooms are tiny, but there is so much to do in the village, you're not in the room that much. This place is in an excellent location, so close to the subway that you would never have to take a pricey taxi. The staff was super friendly and helpful. I really wouldn't stay anywhere else. I even had my mother stay here once and she loved it too.	
Apr 19 2007 	Cozy hotel great location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. I was attending a conference at NYU and my wife was doing art business. We travel to New York a lot. My wife is an artist and her gallery representation is in Chelsea, and her father, a New York City native, lives in midtown. We spend almost all of our time downtown and are constantly looking for good places to stay in the Village, SoHo, or Chelsea, and thought we would give this one a try, given my business at NYU. I have to say that this was my favorite place to stay downtown so far, for the money (I think we ended paying about 250 a night--it would be more between Labor Day and New Year's, I imagine. But you can spend that much in NYC and end up in a dump, and as we all know, star ratings for NYC hotels mean nothing--you have to know the place).To begin with, the location is fantastic, with easy walking distance to some of the best streets and shops in the city (Bleecker St.., for example, with the fabulous Murray's Cheese Shop and Amy's Breads, is only a few blocks away). Good subway access nearby as well, and right off Broadway.We often stay at the Solita SoHo hotel, at Grand St. and Lafayette (about a 15-20 minute walk down Broadway), and found this hotel better for the same money. To begin with, our room was very large by New York standards--much larger than the Solita--had a very nice bathroom with good light, and included free internet access. The furnishings, linens, etc. were relatively new and in excellent condition, and the decor was tasteful and Deco-flavored.The building has a lot of character and charm and has the feel of &quot;old New York,&quot; as that part of the city does. And by &quot;charm&quot; I don't mean &quot;old and broken down.&quot; Quite the contrary, the building is in excellent shape, with a nice, spacious lobby, very good elevator, a nice, cozy little bar right off the lobby, and a good bar and restaurant (the North Square) attached, where a nice continental breakfast was included in the rate (an excellent muffin, fresh fruit, and coffee and juice--not a big deal when you're surrounded by great coffee shops, but nice nonetheless). We found the service to be fine, though as with most New York hotels, it depends a bit on who is working the desk and whether you run into any serious problems, which we did not. We found the staff friendly, helpful, and warm.In short, if you want to stay in the Village, and you don't want to stay (or pay) in a larger place like one of the Grands downtown, this is an excellent choice, with a very good combination of character, service, and amenities. And the location is as good as it gets. This is where we'll stay from now on when we visit NYC, and that's quite a compliment, given how often we go there.	
Apr 19 2007 	great Hotel.	I was recommended to stay at this hotel by one of my mates in London. This hotel is great, nice and cosy and very relaxed. The staff are all really friendly and really liked the Ambience.For the price and the location of this hotel you cannot beat it!Make sure you book a deluxe room as the others are not so cool.I have been back several times now and always stay at the Washington Square which I find is one of the best hotels I have stayed in for location and value for money.ANYONE FROM THE UK STAY HERE!	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Village location character and price!	We stayed here for two nights, the Thursday and Friday of Easter weekend 2007. We arrived in the morning and check-in is not until 3 p.m., so we arranged with the doorman to store our luggage and come back later, which was no problem. The front desk noted our request to have a room on a higher floor, and this was the case when we returned. Everyone we dealt with was very helpful and pleasant.Our room was quite comfortable and very clean. There was some noise from the street the first night, but it did not last long. We faced onto McDougall with a view of the park; I can imagine there would be more street noise in the summer. Our room was right behind the elevator, but we did not hear it at all. The hallways are somewhat narrow but appear to have been painted and carpeted in the last few years. Judging by the decor of our room, we may have had a superior room rather than the deluxe room we booked; if so I would recommend the superior as some other reviewers have. It was not overly large but fine for two people.The hotel is central to everything we wanted, including several subway lines. We had breakfast in the restaurant both mornings. The food and service is good, though a bit expensive. We ordered from the menu instead of having the included breakfast (which is coffee, fresh-squeezed orange juice, a dish of fruit salad and a basket of toasted bagels with jam and butter). There are many choices in the area, and we will probably try other cafes or restaurants next time. We did not have lunch or dinner in the hotel, nor did we try the bar.The doorman on the Thursday was very friendly and recommended various places to see and things to do. And the doorman on Saturday actually ran down the street to catch up with us &amp; let us know that the front desk had discovered they had charged the wrong credit card (I had changed from the card I used to make the booking, but they put the charge through on the original card &amp; I did not notice). This was corrected with profuse apologies.Again, our flight was well after check-out time, but leaving our bags was no problem, so we were able to enjoy the rest of the afternoon. Even the maintenance guy that took our bags was friendly and chatty. There may be some staff at this hotel that are not welcoming, but we did not meet any, of the eight or nine that I can recall.We did a lot of online research before deciding on this hotel, and for the price I think this is one of the best choices. The location is unbeatable, the hotel has so much character compared to a chain hotel, and in New York you can easily pay double for the same size room elsewhere. Our experience was good, and we spoke with several guests who were repeat visitors because they liked the hotel and the price.	
Apr 10 2007 	Fantastic Locatation Great Interior...	Whilst this hotel is in a fantastic location and is generally a great place to stay, I did find some of the front desk staff rather sullen and unwelcoming. Only 2 of the 6 or so staff were actually friendly.Make sure you book a deluxe room with a view otherwise you'll end up with a brick wall outside your window making the room very hot and the noise of the ac unit unbearable.Other than that....highly recommended!	
Apr 9 2007 	Location Location Location	I expected much more from this hotel. It is true that there is nothing around for a similar price and the location is fantastic if you wnat to stay in the village, but that´s it.I paid 220 USD , plus taxes, for a room no bigger than a bathroom. To open the door I had to move the suitcases because there was not place for the suitcases. The wardrobe was about one square meter, or less.The air conditioning unit was not fixed properly so the cool air came into the room. The room was very noisy ( you can hear the street noises even in 9th floor ) and the pipes in the bathroom make funny noises all the timeStaff: very unfriendly. They never helped us with our questions or with our luggage. the last day they forgot to ring the limousine to get to the airport ( a service that they recommended ) and we almost missed the plane. They said that the car had a flat tyre but it was no true.There is an exception: a short man with a beard, very nice and helpful.Next time I will go other place or I will book an apartment but I do not want to stay in this hotel anymore if it costs more than 100 USD	
Mar 26 2007 	Clean great location	Half the price of other NYC hotels if you book ahead of time, right in the middle of cultural and interesting things to do and see, no frills hotel, impeccably clean, spotless bathroom and linen, safe, friendly enough as I don't aim to befriend the staff, 6$ cab ride from Javits, 7$ from madison area, same for trendy tribeka shopping, diners, shops, street vendors... and right across the street from washington square. only complaint: horrible pillows.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great location!	This hotel was in a fantastic location right in the middle of Greenwich Village... The staff was nice, the bar was cool, and the hotel was walking distance of great nightlife and restaurants. You definitely are paying for location, the room was tiny (but clean) and non-descript...	
Mar 6 2007 	Convenient location good value	Room was a bit shabby but very clean and the bathroom was immaculate. The location was brilliant, walking distance to most sights in the village. Although the room temperature was fine, the lobby and hallways were overheated to the point of being unbearable. The hotel can be very noisy, and various slamming doors and guests running up and down the hallway shouting can be heard quite loudly in the room (especially at 3 am).I did have one issue with the front desk. My flight was delayed by several hours because of weather and I had called to arrange with the front desk to have a friend who was meeting me allowed to check into the room before my arrival. They assured me that this was no problem, however, when she arrived they would not allow her to check in because she didn't have a credit card and suggested that she sit in the lobby and wait for me (for 6 hours). It took several more calls to sort this out and they finally let her into the room about an hour or 2 before I arrived.	
Feb 27 2007 	Fab hotel - but don't drink here!	We stayed at the WSH for 5 nights in mid Feb. The room was great - although there was something mad going on with the heating in the bathroom and the room was like 1000 degrees, even with the aircon on!! (slightly odd in the middle of a snow storm, but reception weren't bothered about wasting energy) The location of this hotel is great - right in the village. So much nicer down here than up in dull midtown. Great restaurants and bars are on the doorstep - which is a very good thing, as we found that the bar staff in both the cafe on the first floor and downstairs bar were APPALLING!! (Except one girl who ran the cafe on a Thursday evening - she was friendly and helpful!). The staff NEVER smile and frequently ignore guests and walk away from them while taking their order. This is likely to be due to the fact that service is automatically added on to the check here - so make a stand if you don't feel like paying the service!!I would go back to WSH - I just won't have a drink there!	
Feb 24 2007 	Highly recommended	We've just returned from a 3-night stay at the Washington Square Hotel and really liked it. We had a deluxe room which was beautifully decorated, and I really appreciated the robes and the fact an umbrella had been provided in the room for us! The windows showed a fantastic view of WS itself, although I was a little disappointed the 'curtains' were just for show and didn't close (there are regular and blackout blinds as well). Breakfast is served until 11 am, which is perfect for us, and was fruit salad and bagels/muffins although there was no cream cheese, which I would have appreciated.The area around the hotel is fantastic, really bohemian with loads to look at and fab bars and restaurants. Try Quantum Leap for cheap and healthy food if you're a veggie, Chumley's for great beer (especially the pumpkin ale) and check out the chess clubs nearby. I was amazed to see scores of people playing games well into the night!I'd have given the hotel 5 stars but the door staff were a bit scary, dressed all in black, although friendly enough. They made me a little uncomfortable.All in all though, I'd really recommend the hotel. It's lovely, in a great area and worth the cash IME.	
Feb 20 2007	Great Little Hotel!	This is a nice little hotel....great location, right on Washington Square, 2 blocks from the heart of West Village, same street as the most historic residential real estate left in Manhattan today, walking distance from Soho. Gorgeous foyer, staff is what you'd expect in most NYC hotels, efficient within their capabilities, rooms are modest and quite small, but adequate. Not adequate for a long stay with lots of shopping however! I've stayed there twice, once with company, and another time on my own, in a single bed room. That room was a little sparse i must say, but it suited my purpose at the time, and it was available. Nice little restaurant in the basement. If you sit over by the street window, you could have a direct view across to Washington Square Park and watch life go by while having a sumptuous breakfast (which if i remember correctly was one of the best i've had). Just a few steps away from 6th Ave and a fast taxi ride uptown.	
Feb 14 2007	Location great; service appalling	Our maid was wonderfully welcoming, and most of the security guards were friendly enough; but the reception and wait staff made our experience at the WSH less than acceptable. By the end of our 11 night stay, we felt that:- every time we entered the lobby we were aliens and not paying guests (but for two security guards who greeted all visitors warmly, the security and reception personnel all stared and eyeballed);- the reception staff were gruff;- wait staff serving continental breakfast (included in room price) had their minds on anything but service, treating guests like cattle; and- included breakfast is adequate, but unsatisfying and predictable after a couple of sittings.The location is, however, outstanding; and the property seems well maintained. Rooms are small but functional and accord with the price.	
Feb 14 2007 	Gem in the village	This was my second trip to the WSH and I was very happy again with my choice. I would always book a deluxe room, they are far nicer than the regular rooms. The location is prime for me. This time I feel like I had a slightly larger room, with a fabulous view of the park.The rooms though small, are spotless. Staff very helpful, and the location is not to be beaten. I will return	
Feb 6 2007	Great Hotel!!!	I stayed for two nights at the end of January 2007 and found this property to be delightful.After reading through most of the reviews here, I followed one travellers advice and when I booked, I requested a Deluxe room several floors up in the Annex. Also, I booked directly through to Hotel website. I have been told that hotels will pay attention to how the reservation was booked and show preference to those who do NOT use a reservation service. Upon checking in, I was guided to my room by a hotel employee and was delighted to find it clean and properly stocked with everything promised. It did take me until the next day to figure out the nightlight in the bathroom, though. The shower was sparkling clean and the water was easily adjusted - hot water plentiful. The water pressure was great and the shower head was terrific. The bed was made up with 4 large pillows (with another in the closet) on 1000 thread-count sheets. There was a safe in the closet (note: customers need to request the key from the front desk if they choose to use it) and plenty of hangers as well as shelves for shoes, bags etc. Breakfast was included in the cost of my stay and consisted of a good sized bowl of fresh fruit, a half of toasted bagel and a small muffin. There were jams and butter for the breads and I was also served a small glass of juice and tea or coffee. In the evening I visited the lounge and was attentively served by the bartender who poured generously.I do have one suggestion to make, which I shared with the staff. I was woken up all three mornings by a room door slamming nearby. I did let the staff know it would be a good idea to try to eliminate this by putting signs on the inside of the room doors that request they be closed quietly between the hours of 11 pm - 9 am. Hopefully they will do it, because I intend to stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 28 2007 	wonderful location but pricey	I stayed at Washington Square Hotel for 5 nights at the beginning of January, and I agree with most of the other reviews: the location is its main attraction, and I really recommend it if you want to be in a less touristic but much more interesting area as the Village, that's lively, beautiful and with a wonderful choice of restaurants, bars and music venues at walking distance. Also, the hotel it's close to the subway, so you can reach any part of NY very easily.But the hotel itself costs a bit too much for what it offers. The decor and atmosphere are nice, and the staff is helpful, but go for the deluxe rooms, as I understand that they are bigger than the one we've been given, that was small even for NY standards, with an extremely tiny cupboard (no way to unpack your luggage), not very comfortable bed and not terribly clean. Also, the breakfast is &quot;continental&quot;, but there's no buffet so you don't have any choice and if you are a big eater or want to skip lunch (as I do), you'll end eating breakfast somewhere else. In general, the feeling is that they don't try very hard because they know that the location is unbeatable and (as far as I know) there is no alternative of the same level in the area. But you don't go to New York to spend your time in your hotel room, so the location is still the most important issue. And walking in Washington Square on a sunny morning or around Bleecker St. at night makes up easily for a smallish room...	
Jan 22 2007 	Funky but not very functional	I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel in early December, 2006. I liked the funky decor and didn't mind the &quot;European&quot;-style (i.e. amazingly tiny) room, and the location can't be beat if you want to explore the Village, MPD and downtown. The price was not bad, either, and the room was very clean.However, if you stay at this hotel I strongly advise that you request a room not facing MacDougal Street. The rooms all have AC/heating units in the windows, rather than built into the walls, which means that it's impossible to close the windows against the street noise, which can be considerable on that busy street. (Due in part to the fact that Mario Battali's popular Babbo restaurant is located about twenty yards away.) I got basically no sleep on the night I was there, due to the constant banging, clanging, honking and shouting. Also, the bed felt a little bit strange -- weirdly convex -- and wasn't very comfortable. Overall, I wouldn't give this one a very strong recommendation, though I can't say for sure whether my experience would be typical.	
Jan 20 2007 	Very small room with a surprise	My first floor room had an air conditioner stuffed in the only window and was extremely small. The surprise, a family of COCKROACHES scurrying around. The management did give us a second floor room on night two but it was also very small. Smaller than most Manhattan rooms. The only reason that I did not rate this property as &quot;terrible&quot; is that the location is wonderfful. My recommendation is to see the room first, upgrade to a deluxe, and stay off the lower floor. However, I won't return.	
Dec 27 2006 	Good value for NYC	Great location if you want to see Greenwhich Village. You can walk to Soho, East &amp; West Village, Union Sq., and easy access by subway to all other parts of city. 4th street train station is right down the street.Mario Batali's Babbo is across the street and some great little places to eat on Cornelia St. about 2 blocks away. I especially liked the Cuban place, I think it's called Havana. It on Cornelia. The staff here can be aloof at best and very rude at worst. i stay here a lot as I do work at NYU. Definitely worth splurging for a deluxe room as the regular rooms are VERY SMALL.If you are a toursit I recommend the West Village walking tour offered by Big Onion. They have a website with a schedule of their walking tours. The bar/lounge in the basement behind C3 is hidden, but worth finding.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great Hotel!!!	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed at the WS hotel in early December &amp; could not fault the hotel. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful, the breakfast of fruit, bagels &amp; tea/coffee was great &amp; the internet access was very handy. You could either use the wireless internet in the lobby or use the internet in your room using cables supplied...of course you do need your own laptop. The hotel is located in Greenwich Village which is a funky / retro area to explore.We stayed in a deluxe double room however I would suggest to get a queen deluxe double room. The double room was smaller then most average European hotel rooms however we still really enjoyed our stay AND we had 4 large suitcases!I booked this hotel via their website (which I found to be the best deal at the time when I booked in June 06) however I was unsure about staying at the hotel because of previous reviews.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York &amp; we will definitely be staying at the WS Hotel next time we are in New York.	
Dec 19 2006 	Deluxe Room Recommended	We stayed here for 6 nights in Sept. The check in staff asked us to wait 20mins when we arrived &quot;because you are staying a longer period I'd like you to have a nice room&quot;. We were allocated a room overlooking Washington Square park at the front of the hotel. The room was a Deluxe and I would recommend this as the room seemed quite big especially for NYC. It had a smallish bathroom but it was OK. The only thing I will say is I am not a big fan of the pinkish colour of the rooms but I am not too serious about it as a fault! The rate includes a breakfast consisting of juice, fruit, muffins and tea/coffee in the attractive cafe downstairs. The breakfast is served by staff. I thought this was a particular value of staying here as unless you are a big eater, it was enough to keep me going most of the day. And given the price of food/drinks/taxes/tipping in NYC, this was handy for the budget. When we first arrived we were taken care of by a very friendly doorman who I thought may turn into a bit of a pain over the length of the stay. He was almost intrusive but over time I came to accept his friendliness as genuine and he was sensitive enough if one was just sitting in the lobby not to be bothersome. He was very helpful with taxi's etc and obviously loves his job which added to our experience. I think the location of the hotel is great for a downtown stay. You have access to the subway as well as the bus within minutes. There are countless places to eat and drink in any direction and a bonus of being near New York University is a lot of the eats options are cheap.Be mindfulthat unless you have your own laptop, there is not internet access which I found more annoying that I anticipated.There are internet cafes around but the one I used was not that cheap so keep this in mind if its important to you.Overall though we were happy staying here, but as I say, go for the more expensive option re room type.	
Dec 15 2006 	fairly priced good location in the Villiage	Very friendly place makes all the difference. Clean, older hotel with enough charm to see it through.	
Nov 17 2006 	A Pleasant Stay	The Washington Square Hotel is a pleasant departure from the overpriced midtown hotels. Get a deluxe room in the annex and you will be more than happy with your experience. Little amenities like bath robes, night lights, iron, hair dryer and full size umbrella just to name a few. Top that off with a more than adequate free continental breakfast and a quiet Village location and you have a very pleasant stay in NYC.	
Nov 8 2006 	Fantastic hotel highly recommended	We just stayed in this hotel for 5 nights after it was recommended to us by friends who'd stayed there - we weren't disappointed. It's in a fantastic location next to Washington Square gardens and just a few minutes walk from 6th Ave. The reception and 'greeter' in the hotel were exceptionally helpful and friendly. Our room was one of the renovated queen rooms and was not particularly spacious, but was really nicely done out - exactly like the photo we'd seen on their website. Breakfast was table-service of tea/coffee, orange juice, fresh fruit salad, bagels and muffins - not bad at all. We didn't try eating in the hotel restaurant in the evening, but we heard it was good. I fully recommend walking just up the road though to the Apple Restaurant at 17 Waverly Place - the food and ambience were fantastic.	
Nov 7 2006 	Very nice hotel......	Enjoyed my stay at this hotel which was in a great location. The room size was small but very clean and quiet. The bathroom was also very clean, updated, and maximized the usage of space. My only negative with the room was with the pillows, which were not very comfortable. However, the bedding and linens were quite comfortable. We also enjoyed dessert in the restaurant which was superb and enjoyed the continental breakfast in the morning. I found the hotel staff to be very accomodating and friendly. I would definately recommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Oct 28 2006 	Washington Square great stay	We stayed at the Washington Square for two nights. The employees were friendly and helpful as soon as we arrived. The room was clean and nicely decorated. We only had 1 issue - the air conditioner would not come on and the temp in the room was a little humid on one day of our stay. Location is great - in the heart of Greenwhich Village and 1 block from a subway station.	
Sep 30 2006 	Great price great location friendly staff	I just finished my second stay at the Wash. Square Hotel and it was great, once again. Yes, the rooms are small, but that's NYC. However, the rooms are clean, well-styled, and the beds are comfortable. Secondly, the price and location are hard to beat. I stayed for three nights for $205 a night, before tax, in a lovely and easily accessible part of the city where I felt safe wandering around late at night discovering new places. Thirdly, the staff is wonderful, as they are all helpful and welcoming. I can't comment on the continental breakfast that they serve because I didn't eat there in the morning due to my work schedule. Sure, it's fun to find new places in which to stay in NYC, but I like this hotel and would be happy to stay there again.	
Sep 28 2006 	Amazing Hotel	We were slightly worried about staying at this hotel as some of the reviews are not all that great however this hotel is amazing! Okay, the rooms are tiny, the hallways are tiny but the beds are so good and the view from our room was great (Empire State Building). The hotel is really close to everything in New York City and most places are only a $6 cab fare (we walked most places). The doorman was fantastic as was the North Square food (Breakfast was average but the dinners are to die for - we ate there 4 nights out of 7).Would stay here again and recommend to anyone.	
Sep 27 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	A very nice hotel in Greenwich Village, close to subway. Our room on the first night was too hot and quite claustrophobic but there was no problem with getting moved to another room the next day which was much better. It's a great place to stay if you get a room to the front of the building. Decor was really lovely. Complimentary breakfast was also included.	
Sep 26 2006 	Wonderful Washington Square	We were so lucky with this hotel, the location was fantastic, five minutes from Greenwich Village, two minutes from subway, two minutes from 5th Ave, we absolutely loved the location, if was a wonderful retreat after a hard days shopping/sightseeing to wander through the park and chill out. We stayed in a third floor annexe deluxe room which was more than ample. queen size bed, small bath, powerful shower, more than sufficient towels which is unuusal in hotels, and it was peaceful and after walking uptown where a lot of the other hotels are absolutely amazed at how quiet the hotel was. The desk staff were really friendly and one guy even printed us off some bars to visit and cinema times. For what we wanted ie a room to get some kip and a bit of rest between sightseeing and going out at night it was ideal - Would highly recommend, I have read reviews about the room being small but would disagree, would compare it to a travel inn type medium sized room (UK) maybe small for americans ?, i did notice that there were some rooms without windows or that overlooked another wall which I wouldnt have been that chuffed about so you are probably best asking for a 3rd floor annexe	
Sep 9 2006 	Nothing special	Location is convenient if you want to stay in the West Village, but other than the decent location the hotel really isn't that great. Rooms are pretty small (but that's to be expected in most Manhattan hotels) and had a 2 star hotel type of vibe goin' on. $250 doesn't get you much in Manhattan unfortunately.	
Aug 15 2006	Little problem in the Big Apple	My husband and I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel for three days during the hottest days of 2006, but the hotel was cool and comfortable in every way. The front desk clerks were AWESOME (and we dealt with them at many different times of day and night); the maids were very friendly and helpful; the bellmen helped us with our bags, getting a taxi, and finding shops and clubs nearby; the staff in the restaurant at breakfast were very professional and took our order quickly, in spite of the fact that the restaurant was full. The bar downstairs was closed for renovations (a fact that almost caused us to go to a different hotel), but the lobby bar is lovely and there were still loads of places to go in the neighborhood. The hotel atmosphere, in the heart of Greenwich Village, is a wonderful break from the noise and heat of the city. Our room was small and didn't have a view (though we've been there before with a view of Washington Square Park), but it was a quiet, spotless room with a really cold air conditioner and a great bed!! The Washington Square will always be our first choice in New York City. And I can't wait 'til the downstairs bar reopens!	
Aug 13 2006 	Great location nice upgraded rooms	First time visit to NYC - great experience at the Washington Square Hotel. Deluxe Queen was plenty &quot;spacious&quot; by NY standards. Everything recently upgraded (except maybe the AC which worked flawlessly). Charming hotel in a great location. Hop on the subway right around the corner if you have to - all you need is within walking distance. Great stay - looking forward to going back.One note -- we tried to book a two night stay online and the deluxe queen room came up as unavailable. Called the hotel directly and it was available. Go figure.	
Aug 12 2006 	Not great. No more than 2 star	Hi Stayed here in July. The air conditioning is terrible and the rooms are so small. Do not stay here if you want a romantic weekend in NYC as its really noisy and you won't want to spend any time in your room. We stayed in the Doubletree suites in Time Square last year and they are so much better. More expensive but worth every penny. To be honest, I don't know why this hotel is rated a 3 star on Trip Advisor. At best its a 2 star- its clean and has a good location but rooms are basic and far, far too small. Ask for a deluxe room. We moved to one after the first night and it was just about bearable. Stay in the Doubletreee on Times Square instead - worth every penny.	
Aug 1 2006 	"Deluxe" makes all the difference...	We spent 5 nights here in July, and it was excellent. We had a deluxe, and our 2 sons (20+) were in a superior. BIG difference. Pay the few extra dollars and the better room is wonderful. Service was good, and the location was great. Easy access to the subway, and easy walking to the village, SOHO, etc. Our room was quiet, good bed, and small but very nice bathroom. The hallways are a maze, and the building was old.... but so what? Our experience was excellent. Frequent travelers from Dallas, Texas.	
Jun 29 2006 	Cute doesn't count!	So called deluxe queen room was tiny with closet space for a mouse (a large mouse, anyway) and a toilet that flooded the bathroom when I wasn't looking. Charming otherwise and nice staff, but not enough to overcome the rest or justify $220/nite.	
Jun 18 2006 	Delightful little place great location	Just checked out of WSH. What a great place. I had one of the deluxe rooms on the ninth floor. It was very small but the double bed was extremely comfortable and the room was newly rennovated and very well appointed. Being in NYC I wasn't expecting spacious accomodation. My only complaint about the room was that I had a view of a brick wall. But since I was hardly in the room except for sleeping it really wasn't that big of a deal. Location, Location, Location. This hotel is in one of my favourite places in NYC. Located in the heart of Greenich Village on Washtington Square Park, you are close to all the action and many subways. There are great bars and resturants in the area and dinner at the hotel is excellent as well. Continental breakfast is included in the rate and is adequate--fruit, bagel, muffin, OJ and coffee or tea. The breakfast staff in not particularly friendly but all the other staff was.The fitness room is small and woefully outdated but with all the walking one does in NYC that is not such a big deal.Overall I would definitely recommend this place.	
May 23 2006	A Perfect Gem	We recently visited the Washington Square hotel for a three night stay and were very pleased with all that the hotel offered. We loved everything about this hotel. The reservations, front desk, housekeeping and other staff members were wonderful. They were always extremely pleasant, helpful and gracious. The accommodations were lovely - we were in a newly renovated room, and the decor was just beautiful - everything was brand new. The continental breakfast was very nice - juice, coffee, bagels, fresh fruit, etc., and it was brought to our table by the enthusiastic and very efficient staff. The hotel is very convenient to everything the city offers - the subway is right down the street making transportation very easy, and the hotel is right across from Washington Square park, which was a nice perk. We look forward to returning to this hotel in the very near future.	
May 18 2006	Great Location Acceptable Hotel	We chose this hotel for its location despite mixed reviews on Trip Advisor. We made a specific request for an upgraded room when we booked, and also asked for a high floor. Although we did get an ugraded room it was on the second floor so quite noisy. However, if you're staying in a busy part of Manhattan you should expect noise so we always pack earplugs! The room size was above average for NYC and was freshly decorated with a nice bathroom and good shower. The bed was very comfortable.The service from reception staff was acceptable, but the concierge was excellent...extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast was provided in a pleasant basement cafe and consisted of plenty of coffee and orange juice, a small fruit salad and toasted bagels and muffins. You could also order additional food from the menu which was reasonably priced. Staff were very friendly and cheerful. The location of the hotel was ideal for exploring Greenwich Village, SoHo and the East Village. We would recommend this hotel, but be sure to request a renovated room.	
May 5 2006	A Treasure	The location is excellent, bang in the middle of The Village, adjacent to washington Square park. The staff is accomodating and ultra friendly. The rates are more than fair, considering the location. Breakfast is included, which is a simple continental, but more than enough to get your day going. The subway is close by, as is everything else, it seems. Now, for those with a need for larger rooms, this isn't it. Wireless is free, if you sit in the lobby an that's not the most comfortable place to work, although after three pm, one is welcome to sit in the tearoom, have a pot of fresh brewed tea and work in peace and comfort.	
Mar 10 2006	Washington Square Deal!	As a visiting Brit I've stayed in far too many hotels in Manhattan - from the midtown big ones, to the Chelsea, The Paramount and many more. For value for money, location and quite generous size rooms - get one of the recently renovated ones - this is a great place. Friendly staff, great comp breakfasts and spot bang between Soho, The Village and Broadway all at the bottom of 5th. If you are visiting mainly for tourist spots or the uptown galleries I'd stay midtown and save on the cabs, otherwise if you want to get away from the tourist traps and hang out with the locals this is a great area and hotel. Oh and it's a REALLY good price as well.	
Mar 2 2006	A very good choice	Washington Square Hotel is very well situated in Greenwich Village. There is alot of &quot;ambiance&quot; without the &quot;crowdyness&quot; of Time Square. Around the hotel, there is the beautiful park and many little shops and restaurants.At the hotel, peoples at the front desk are very nice and helpful. You feel in security because there is always a doorman. The rooms are small but that is what we expected. Small is ok because we dont stay in the room when we visit New York. The room are very clean and the bed are comfortable and I think that is the most important. If there is a place they could upgrade, it is for the continental breakfast... it is poor. We got a fruit salad, some bagels and muffin with jam. You can have cheese for your bagel but they don't offer it, we had to ask for it. Maybe we could had something else if we ask for it...Anyway, we really appreciate the place and we will go back for sure.	
Feb 13 2006	Very disappointed	We stayed at this hotel because of its location - near my daughter's dorm. The room was not what I booked (I booked a deluxe). It was tiny, no chair, and the bed was small as well. Also, our window looked out on an airshaft which only added to the claustrophobic feeling. The t.v. didn't function properly. The shower curtain was inadequate. Worse than all this, the staff was not helpful and bordering on rude. When we were trying to check in (with an online confirmation) they had to process it somehow and kept telling us to sit down. We would have, but all of the seating in the lobby was occupied. When we were snowed in and needed an extra night's stay we were told they would call us back in 10 minutes (and they didn't). The heat in the room could not be regulated except by turning up the air conditioner. I would not stay here again.	
Jan 11 2006	Perfect little bolthole	First of all, the rooms are really quite small and don't have a lot of storage space. Every guidebook, hotel website, review etc, mentions this. So don't have unreasonable expectations. Who wants to spend all their time in their room anyway? This is a wonderful little hotel. It has real character. The location, right off Washington Square in the heart of Greenwich Village is perfect. You are less than 2 minutes from the subway. One of the best Italian restaurants in New York is opposite, and the food in the hotel restaurant itself is excellent. The free breakfast is more than adequate for most people - juice, tea or coffee, muffins, bagels and fresh fruit. The beds are extremely comfortable (I stayed in a deluxe room so can't vouch for 'superior' rooms) and the bathroom, though again small, was clean and new, with instant hot water, fluffy white towels and amenities. The staff could not do enough for us. Really friendly front desk lady in the mornings gave us no end of help and advice for tours and sightseeing. We loved it here. We paid around $200 per night which I think is about average for the type of hotel and the location. My last two trips to NYC were spent in more expensive hotels that were not as inviting and were staffed by people who were completely indifferent to us.	
Jan 9 2006	Just book the right class of room	This little hotel has a great location, the charm of a European hotel. The rooms are really fine - provided you book a DELUXE and not the &quot;Superior.&quot; A chambermaid showed us a Superior, and believe me, you REALLY want to stay in a deluxe - it's worth the extra money. My guess is that all the negative reviews were from people who stayed in a Superior. Nice little bar, nice restaurant in the lowerlevel. The comp breakfast was fine, and the lunch we had there was very good. It's a fine place to hang your hat as you spend (hopefully all) your time exploring NYC!	
Jan 3 2006	it was ok for the price	2 nights over new years eve weekend...third floor. the window would not fully close, so lots of fresh air. bathroom looked like it was brand new but the shower curtain was a pain -need curved curtain rod or shower door. room small, no chair! little room for storage...bed was very comfortable. hallways need to be redone, very tired. the exercise room is a joke. continental breakfast is included- juice, coffee, fruit, mini muffins and bagel halves. good location as others have said. if you are visiting your kid at nyu i would say stay here. if not, you can probably do a lot better for a bit more money.	
Dec 14 2005	Tried to steal money from my credit card	ok, this hotel was not the greatest thing i have ever seen and was a bit overpriced, but it was comfy enough, and in a great location. i payed by credit card for the first night, as we didnt know how long we were staying but we ended up staying four, and paying each day for the room instead of in a lump sum at the end of the stay (we paid around £80 a night)- i suppose this meant they had plenty of opportunities to make a copy of my card numbers. when i got back to the uk i had an urgent letter from my bank telling me that that money had attempted to be taken from my card on 3 occasions (amounting to about £1000) and giving the exact LOCAL time of the attempts- all of them being around 3 or 4 in the morning. for some reason, barclays had been able to spot that there was some suspicious looking stuff going on with my account, and had not allowed the money to be stolen- but i was the lucky one, and they have probably done this before... there is no doubt at all that it must have been staff at the hotel, as i had used cash for everything else that trip, except paying for the rooms there.	
Dec 6 2005	Great location lots of character!!	After looking at all sorts of hotels in New York from the bargain basement budget to the ludicrously priced luxurious, I settled on the Washington Square Hotel based on positive reviews on this site and a desire to be in Greenwich Village. Since it was my first trip to New York a place I had dreamed of going to having grown up with Flashdance &amp; Fame, I wanted it to be the perfect experience. I enjoyed my stay at the Washington Square Hotel except for the first night which was disappointing as the room was not acceptable. We arrived quite late in the night from London and I think we were given any room that was available. This particular deluxe room (which we paid extra for as it was supposed to be one of their newer rooms) was small and filthy especially the bathroom or the bath tub. As it was so late there was nothing they could do but we were promised another room the following day, which they delivered with a smile and no bad attitude. The room was one of the biggest in the hotel and located in the annexe area where they were doing a lot of rennovation. The room was perfect as it was a really good size (big), no noise and the bathroom was spotless. Evey morning we were greeted by friendly staff in the restaurant and started the day with a very filling complimentary breakfast of bagels, muffins, fresh fruit and juice/hot drink. The Washington Square is not the Ritz but it has lots of character, friendly staff (even the work men renovating the rooms)and was in the best part of New York, Greenwich Village with it's cool bohemian vibe, shops, bars, restaurants and Soho and Tribeca only a stones throw away. Washington Square Park is directly opposite the hotel and for 'Sex and the City' fans the Patricia Field shop is a couple of blocks away from the hotel (which I did not get to visit).I would probably stay there again mainly for the location but I would recommend booking a deluxe room, newly rennovated (3rd Floor Annexe) preferably with a view of Waverly Place although view is unimportant with so much to do and see in New York!!	
Dec 6 2005	Not the best	This is probably one of the worst hotel rooms that we have ever stayed in. The website gives a great impression of all rooms, even those that have not yet been refurbished - one of which we stayed in. The room was on the ground floor, with no double glazing - so noisy it was difficult to sleep. It was also over the kitchen so we had roller doors being opened and closed during the night! The bathroom was tired to say the least and the carpet tiles were lifting from the floor. Staff attitude tended to be 'so what? be grateful for what you have' We had asked for non smoking rooms and our friends had to be moved as they were given a very smelly smoking room - never mind the new room (that was much smaller) overlooked a brick wall!Having said that the art deco lobby and public areas were lovely, the public lounge and restarant were popular with locals and the location is great for Greenwhich Village and the metro.	
Dec 6 2005	Fears Laid to Rest	After reading recent reviews of this hotel, I was terrified that the group of six women who had entrusted me with making room reservations would lynch me after our first night. However, instead of the tiny, noisy inadequate rooms I had read about we had very nice, quiet, and recently redecorated rooms. The bathrooms had instant hot water and nice towels. Our $190 per night room rate for the busiest weekend of the year even included breakfast each day. We were one block from the subway station, and the neighborhood was fun. One of the best restaurants in Manhattan is right across the street. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Washington Square Hotel--it's a great place for the price.	
Dec 5 2005	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed here for one night, first weekend of December. This hotel sits right at the NE corner of Washinhgton Square Park, just about at the NYU campus. The hotel is an older boutique style hotel with much character and charm. We booked months in advance for $210 a night, Christmas season. After reading previous reviews, I realized some of the rooms had been renovated, so I made sure I was getting a renovated room. The room was small, but very nice and comfortable, new wallpaper, furnishings, bathroom, etc. No view, but that was fine. This room is fine for 2 people. I can only speak for the renovated room, the lobby and the lounge. The lobby was also very nice, and neatly decorated. The lounge at the lobby level was small, but warm and cozy and fine to have a quick drink in. Staff were friendly and helpful. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel for the price, room and absolutely for the location. The area around the hotel is great to walk around, shop and stop in the many small pubs, bars and restaurants for a drink. It is a young, vibrant crowd in the area since it is right next to NYU. All was good with this hotel and I recommend it. Ask for one of the renovated rooms.	
Nov 22 2005	Awful	My husband and I had only one request when we booked a room here. We wanted a quiet room. We were given a room on the ground floor, which I was reluctant to accept, but the staff member insisted it would be quiet. I did not sleep at all throughout the night. The walls were paper-thin and there was a very, very loud party going on all night. Once the party settled down at around sunrise, I was then kept up by morning street noises. I packed up and left at 6:30 am because I could not take it any longer. It was miserable. Also, the quality of the room was not much better than &quot;flophouse.&quot; The mattress had a plastic feel, the carpet was ancient and institutional looking, the towels felt like cardboard, and there was not one pleasant or comfortable touch in the whole room.	
Nov 21 2005	Location Location - stop moaning people!	I stayed in the washington Square hotel for 7 nights. I was never disturbed by noise and the room was always clean. The rooms here are small but every travel guide and website tells you to expect this - you don't go to NY to sit in your room. The bathroom too is adequate. I personally prefer the fact that this hotel does not have doormen, bell hops etc as if i wanted all of that I would stay at a luxury hotel that costs a lot more and this hotel never claims to be that. It isn't 'dated' it is a period building. The location is simply perfect - two subways covering 4 different lines just a block away and easy walking distance to Soho, east Village etc - all in all a great stay!	
Nov 16 2005 	Horrible hotel horrible staff	This hotel has to be one of my worst hotel experiences to date. I travel frequently but have never seen something quite like this &quot;hotel&quot; as they call it. I would call it more of a hostel. There is no doorman, no bellman, no friendly faces on the staff. The place looks extremely dated, despite the front desk manager telling me that the rooms were recently renovated. Putting a new duvet on the bed is not renovating. The elevator opens into a stairwell, there is an ancient metal door between hallways which I was told was for fire safety, although the door was about 80 years old. The walls are paper thin and I didn't sleep at all due to the noise from the street and the halls. There are window A/C units. I haven't seen a window a/c unit in a hotel ever before. There was no desk, the TV was hanging from the ceiling and the carpet was stained. The first room I was in had a questionable stain on one of the beds, when I asked to be moved, the mgr insisted that there was no stain when he checked the room earlier that day. I asked him if he'd like to see it for himself and he declined. The room they moved me to had hair in the bed when I pulled back the covers. Needless to say, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The manager informed me that for the price, the accomodations are quite reasonable. I don't care about price, I expect service and quality. There are many places to stay in NY that are in great locations and charming, unfortunately this hotel is not one of them.	
Nov 9 2005	Terrible hotel - great location	My boyfriend and I arrived to find out that our request to stay in a room several floors up was ignored. We were given a room on the ground floor for that evening and promised our reservation the next morning. We could not sleep due to the noise on the street. We also found out the next morning that it was on the direct route to the restaurant and awoke to the sounds of high heels hitting floor boards and people talking loudly outside our door. We arrived at the desk the next morning with our copious amounts of baggage to change rooms and were given blank stares by the day staff member. The only other room was a room on a smoking floor that smelt of smoke. We accepted it in the hope that we would at least get some sleep and were promised an air refresher machine which never arrived despite repeated requests. By far the worse aspect of our stay was the faulty ALARM SYSTEM!!! It went off accidentally 3 times during 4 days two being at 4am and 6am. We were informed by staff that it happens regularly and was offered no form of compensation. While standing around in the foyer with the other guests, cold and in my pyjamas, I firmly decided that (a) I would not stay here again; and (b) would write this review to warn others. It is in a great location though so look for somewhere else in the same area.	
Oct 15 2005	Nice little hotel	This is a really nice hotel in a great location. It's a short subway ride to battery park or central park, and it is right across the street from the exxtremely family-friendly Washington Square park. We stayed at this hotel with our two children (age 3 and 5) and having a park across the street wtih pleasant, accessible playgrounds was a real plus. We also splurged on the newly rennovated rooms, and that was money well spent. We were in New York with several of our family members, and the unrennovated rooms were adquate, but nothing special. Also, we had a corner room--it was spatious. My sister's family had a much smaller room, and the four of them were quite cramped.The hotel has character--winding hallways, a slow old elevator. The staff was wonderful. Very accommodating, and great about dealing with our little kids. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 13 2005 	Great location great value!	I've stayed in all kinds of whacky hotels in NYC over the past twenty years of visits, always trying to keep below $200/night, and the WS hits the mark for location and value. Beside my most recent visit I originally tried the hotel in 2003. At that time the experience was marred only by the lack of non-smoking rooms--which they have since changed. This hotel is very popular with European visitors.Yes, the connecting hallways and stairs have that typical New York rat-warren quality--narrow passages with weird level changes, strange doors and unpleasant smells. But the rooms are fine. This time I had a standard &quot;single&quot; (twin bed), which was about the size of a small bedroom in my house, with a bathroom attached. On my previous visit I had a queen room which was quite comfortable by New York standards. The furnishings and extras were all there (blow-dryer, iron, soaps, safe, extra bedding) and everything was finctional, including a master light switch by the bed. The window, unfortunately, opened onto a classic NYC air shaft, but I was surpised to find it had a screen and new blinds! The bathroom was clean and the towels fresh. My only complaint was that the air conditioner, being right next to the bed, was disturbing when the compressor cycled on and off (the fan alone was actually great at blocking out external noises, although the neighborhood is fairly quiet).It was all really just fine, and the location, in the heart of the West Village is fantastic--a block from the subway, walking distance to all kinds of great stuff. There were no shenanigans with the reservation or the bill and a simple continental breakfast is included. The WS is a great find and I'd definitely go back!	
Oct 13 2005	Great Location	Stayed for four night. We also stayed 2 nites at The Essex and 2 nites at Hotel QT to experience different areas.If you need a room for other than sleep, the WSH may not work for you as the rooms are quite small. If you want to be in the middle of action and close to subway stops, then you have found the right hotel.I love the history, and if you read the list of celebritys who have found their way to this hotel--you will feel like you are part of an elite club!I would stay again without a second's hesitation. BTW--the other two hotels did not have that much more space than WSH.	
Oct 4 2005	Fabulous find!	We stayed 11 nights at this hotel and loved it. Although the rooms are really small, they are clean &amp; well presented.The staff at the hotel were always on hand to answer any questions and very friendly. Basic breakfast included which is handy.The location was wonderful, right in the heart of The Village.Highly recommend and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 27 2005	Great deal and great location	While the rooms are not luxurious and the decor is a bit dated, this is a gem. The sheets are high thread count European with down comforters. The rooms are air conditioned and there are TVs. A basic breakfast is included with the rooms, there's wireless internet in the lobby and some rooms and the staff are very friendly. The hotel is in the heart of the village near several subway lines so it's super convenient. I would stay here again in a minute.	
Sep 26 2005	Great	For the price, location, service and room...brilliant value. Stayed at 3 different hotels during my visit to New York (the Trump ...expensive, and the Larchmont ...budget) This was our mid price hotel and my boyfriends fave! Lovely room with decent size bathroom (nicer than Trump!) and really helpful friendly staff. No room service which would have been nice, and I didnt get to try the massage ...but the lobby is really nice and we had a renovated room with queen bed. Tv was a bit high on the wall but not really a problem as we were out all the time exploring the great location/!would definately stay again.	
Sep 1 2005	Great hotel right in the heart of Greenwich	This hotel is great for it's location only a short walk to Bleeker St and all the roads running off it for brilliant restaurants. Some of the rooms can be small - it better to pay the extra and go for the 'Deluxe' rooms and if possible ask for a corner room - or one facing the street. We had an internal room last time which was very quiet but also small and dark. But when your in New York it's not really about how much time you spend in your hotel room. The beds are comfy and have crisp white sheets. The breakfast is also very good value. I've returned to this hotel twice - it is really all about location but the accomodation is worth the money too!	
Aug 28 2005	Location location location	A friend in Greenwich Village recommended the Washington Square Hotel as a great base for a first-time visitor to New York, and he wasn't wrong. Right off Washington Square Park, within easy walking distance of practically everything you'd want to see, near many great bars and eating places, it offers well-priced rooms and an inclusive continental breakfast. Unlike many faceless international chains, there's a distinctive atmosphere about the hotel itself, as well as the quirky West Village location.Downsides? Well, make sure you get the right room. I booked the most expensive option - the deluxe Queen - and the first room I was offered faced the back of the building, with no view and a strange damp smell. The desk staff were fine about changing it, and the alternative was great: fifth floor and facing onto Waverley Place, it wasn't large but was neatly decorated with a decent bathroom and hanging space in the compact wardrobe. I can understand previous horrors about back rooms on lower floors; it's quite a noisy road, but that goes with the locale - students down the road at NYU, chess players in the park, etc, etc. The Washington Square Hotel's not a super-attentive-doorman kind of place, either, which suited me fine, as an inexperienced English tipper! If you want the hotel to be as much of the holiday experience as the sights and sounds, then you might be a little disappointed with the somewhat shabby hall, less well-appointed rooms and basic breakfast, but again, that's the real character of the place.I'd definitely go back - business commitments forced to me to check in at the peak rate and it was still reasonable. Off-season, it'd be an even better deal.	
Aug 23 2005	Washington Square too old and drabby	Unfortunately, we had to check out of the Washington Square Hotel. I love the neighborhood and the bar and restaurant are just great. However, the rooms were just too old, antiquated, tiny and depressing. I wanted to love this hotel! It is in my favorite area of New York. But until they refurbish the rooms or I go on Prozac, I will have to find a downtown hotel with rooms that do not look like a neon sign should be flashing through the window.	
Aug 13 2005	Excellent air conditioning	I'm from Houston and I find traveling in the summer difficult since few places air condition like I'm used to. This hotel had an excellent window unit that was welcome after a day of walking around the Village. Hotel is accross the street from Washington Sq Park which is my favorite NYC landmark. Excellent restaurant on site with continental breakfast and where we also enjoyed dinner. The location can't be beat. Bed was comfortable; bathroom was tiny but very clean and pleasant. I plan to stay year again.	
Aug 6 2005	Best locaton in NYC!!!!!	Stayed here for 5 nights in June 05. $195 /pn + tax for a budget hotel - but hey it's NYC!The rooms are smallish but very clean. Security staff on front door at all times - I think that is because of the proximity to Washington Sq. Park, which during daylight is a fun place with lots of musicans and people-watching but at night - not so plesant!The front desk staff are fine and helpful - restaurant staff a little grumpy- but complimentary breakfast is adequate. The hotel has a great litttle bar(with wi-fi) but it was most used by laptoppers - not tipplers!2 metro stations nearby and buses stops for uptown and downtownGreat restaurants and bars within walking distance.I live in San Francisco and found NY a much safer place, especially at night.hWe had a great trip - and highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 17 2005	relatively cheap and cheerful	Whenever I visit NYC I stay in this beautifully located hotel. The rooms are simple, but efficient. (But bring candles to give the room ambiente!) The bathrooms are quite spacy and have a window. If you're staying in the double bedroom with q-size bed ask for the higher floors, as you will have a lovely view of the Village even from your bathroom! The staff is friendly and helpful. Breakfast (included) is very sober, but there are many nice breakfast places and restaurants in the area. The location is superb: within walking distance from SoHo, East Village, West Village, Union Square, Meat Packing District, Chelsea etc. Subwaystations around the corner. Very good price value!	
Jul 12 2005	Clean 	The room we had in this hotel was clean but simple. The rooms are not large but are adequate. Bathroom was very clean, fresh towels each day, maid service was excellent. Great location, close to many restaurants and sights. Continental breakfast included with room at $199/night. Looking forward to staying again next time we are in NYC.	
Jun 7 2005	Great Location simple small rooms! good value	YOU CANT BEAT THE AREA OR LOCATION! I love to save money on cheap hotels in the city. I say save your money, stay here, and spend a few extra days in NYC! Dont expect much from your room and you will love it. Great rates, nice lobby, super small rooms, free breakfast, and spotty internet access!	
Jun 6 2005	Very nicely done!	Stayed for 3 nights in June of 2005. Cost was roughly $195/night. First things first, the rooms are not large. Our room was about 10 feet by 10 feet, with a bathroom off to one side. Enough room for a double bed, two nightstands, small desk, tv.For all the other reviewers who complained of the tiny hallways and rooms, it's Manhattan...grow up and deal with it. I've yet to find a cheaper alternative in Manhattan, let alone in Greenwich Village that provides what this hotel does.Free breakfast consists of coffee/tea, bread, muffins and fruit. Breakfast menu is also available.Location, location, location. It's about a block and half to the West 4th St Subway station, and 5th avenue is about two blocks away. Took the subway nearly everywhere, only needed a taxi a couple of times.We'll make the Washington Square Hotel a regular spot when we're in New York.$195/night may sound kind of pricey, but you have to look at the overall bang for the buck. The convienice of location, price, food, etc make the Washington Square Hotel a great spot.	
Apr 28 2005	Nice hotel at even nicer location!	We stayed at WSH between march 25 - april 1. We had a &quot;superior&quot; room (whick is the cheaper one) with twin beds. The room was small but quite nice, perhaps a little bit sterile with nothing on the walls. The beds and linens were of very high standards, we slept well except from a couple of nights when noise from the corridor woke us up early. The bathroom was modern and fresh. The towels were clean and changed every day. The cleaning of the room was excellent. Breakfast (included in room price of about $200 a night) was a fruit sallad and bagel/toast with coffee and tea. They can make you an omelett or something else if you want, if you pay extra for it. The breakfast tasted good and the dining room was nice, in the &quot;art deco&quot; - design as the lobby of the hotel. The location of the hotel is perhaps its strongest point, right beside the Washington Square Park and NYU. The surroundings are very nice, with lots of small cafes, restaurants and bars. It is also takes just a 5-10 minutes walk to reach Soho, excellent for us as we were here as tourists and wanted to spend some money shopping... We can recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the West Village area. Perhaps it is a little overpriced for such small rooms. If we return, we will probably go for the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms, which are pricier, but seems to have a cozier decoration.	
Apr 14 2005	Room 125 Hell On Earth	Stay away! The only good thing about this dump is the position – close to the subway and walking distance to Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy and The Village. Otherwise, pay a little extra and stay somewhere else. We’d prepaid the room through a travel agent in Australia and found a poky space barely big enough for the bed, just off the lobby and on a direct route from the lobby through to the restaurant – with the marble corridor, we were kept awake through the night with people walking past. The noise from the restaurant below (the kitchen staff were playing the radio loudly as they packed up for the night) made it even worse, as did the exhaust fans from the kitchen in the airshaft right outside our window, which had to be kept open (even in the cold of winter when we were there) cause the heating couldn’t be shut off and we could have grown orchids in the heat. Reception staff had that fixed smile of people who’d heard too many complaints and couldn’t care less anyway. We were told we could upgrade for another $US25 (despite having prepaid $US100 a night above their declared walk-in rate). It’s the only hotel I’ve ever encountered where I had to wear earplugs to get to sleep! This place is worse than sleeping in the street. Come to think of it, the rats scurrying through the garbage in the street outside seemed a lot happier than the Washington Square’s clientele.	
Apr 4 2005	super little haven	delighted to have found this little haven in busy NYC! breakfast was indeed very convenient and you could chose to pay extra for a varied menu. The room (Quad) was small but very clean and comfortable, the staff were helpful and the guests varied from savvy european to NYU visiting dons!	
Mar 3 2005	Quaint Hotel with lovely staff	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for our last night in New York last week. On arrival we were greeted with very pleasant staff who made us feel like real people not just a room number. However, they could only offer us a room with a shared bathroom but at the time no one else was in the other room and they said they would only let it out to a female. Later we were informed that a female had checked in. (I suspect she had been booked in all the time). Anyway the room was rather disappointing as it was cramped and pretty run down and shabby. Also it was only on the second floor so was noisy from the traffic down below. The bathroom itself had no heating and was freezing with a cold tiled floor, however, that was not the case with our room which was boiling with a noisy radiator! However, the bed and pillows were very nice and comfortable with soft cotton linen. And the location was great with plenty of places to eat and drink in and around the area. I paid £100 for this room which I think was definitely too much for the room but I guess it's about location location location. Also I booked it late so that could also be why. I think if we were staying there longer we would have asked for a better room but as it was only for one night it was OK and you also get a continental breakfast included which was very nice.	
Feb 28 2005 	great location very pleasant	Stayed at the Washington Square Hotel for one night last weekend with my teenage daughter. The staff of the hotel were exceptionally nice, the room was nicely decorated in a modern style, although it was a bit small. It was very clean. The breakfast, included in the price of the room, was nice and quick. You sit down, they fill your glasses with orange juice, they plunk down a fresh fruit salad in front of you, then plunk down a basket of toasted bagels and muffins. If you're in a hurry and don't want something fancier, it's fine. If you want eggs and bacon you may have to go elsewhere. Yes, the hotel architecture is interesting, at best. Yes, there's crazy hallways and staircases and deadends. But what can the hotel do about that, short of tearing down and rebuilding? It's an old, historic building. Get over it. At least the rooms and bathrooms are modernized. Unfortunately, the heating system is not. Our room was at least 120 degrees F. It was more comfortable after I completely turned off the radiators. The only other minus was that the pillows were terribly hard. Otherwise, it was a fun, if a bit funky, place to stay right in a very nice, fun area.	
Jan 23 2005	Loved This Hotel!!!	I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel for 11 nights over New Year with 4 friends and we thought it was perfect. The staff are all extremely friendly and helpful, with nothing being too much trouble.We had a free breakfast included and although they don't start serving until after 7:30 this wasn't a problem for us at all!It is well situated with cafe's, pubs, restaurants, shops and subway stations all within walking distance.All in all, I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 13 2005	Loved our stay here!!	We stayed here over New Year this year and had a wonderful experience. The room was well sized and very clean as was the bathroom. Hallways are no indication of how the rooms look. Decor is really cute and foyer looks great too. No real concierge or door service but that means no tipping required which was more than fine with us. Complimentary breakfast is great .. bagel, muffin, small bowl of fruit with yoghurt and juice/tea/coffe ....a bit samey after 10days but free so no complaints. The area is an absolute winner. So close to great restaurants/bakery's and the subway is 2min down the road. Only complaint was that our room got terribly hot when sleeping at night and no-one could seem to turn off the heat. Recommend asking for a room where the window opens onto the street so as to get air flow if this is a problem. Would definately stay here again!!	
Jan 12 2005	Good Hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Washington Square over New Year and had a great time.The location is good as has been mentioned before, as well as being in walkable distance of loads of places the hotel is also 1 minute from the Subway.The room was very clean and well maintained and probably as small as most other New York hotel rooms, and definitely worth paying slightly more for the better rooms.Breakfast was okay - unless you fancy a huge fry up every morning there was a good amount as well, and we didn't have to queue at all!The staff were helpful and I was very impressed that when we reported our toilet was blocked at 8:30 on New Year's morning the problem was fixed within 2 minutes!	
Jan 12 2005	This place blows	Very narrow hallways, small rooms. Window had view of a wall 5 feet away. Radiator heat way too load at night and room way too hot. Steam from heat in bathroom created pool of water on floor. Not worth the $150 to stay the night. Would have rather stayed at a Motel 8 or the like. Never again.	
Dec 21 2004	Perfect Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Washington Square Hotel for 4 nights in Dec 2004. We thought it was perfect and very good value for money. The location was excellent, just off Washington Square between 5th and 6th Ave, in Grenwich Village. Lots of good local shops and restaurants and everything is within walking distance whilst at the same time you are staying somewhere with more of a village atmosphere. The rooms are fairly small and compact but clean and tidy, the staff are helpful but not overly friendly and we did have to queue to get a table for breakfast - so decided not the bother. I would certainly recommend this hotel, and would not consider staying anywhere else.	
Dec 17 2004	Served its purpose good location	Just back from 4 nights in the Washington Square HOtel. I was there with an old school pal and we wanted to shop and see New York. We had a renovated twin room which was adequate. It was clean and fresh and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was also clean. We were on the 8th floor so no noise problems and after reading some reviews on this site were actually relieved by the size and condition of the room. So pay the extra $15 per night and get a renovated room!Location was good for dinners and drinks in the evening and also shopping in SoHO.Breakfast filled a gap but not a highlight.Would stay there again as would not want to pay more than $200.00 per night for a hotel room.	
Dec 10 2004	tinpot establishment	we have 'roughed it' in motel rooms across USA but found conditions at this hotel easily the poorest. We were given a room just off the lobby area behind the reception. Outside was a skip full of dirty linen and vacuum cleaners were lined up. We assumed this was a storage area for janitor as time was 7pm. Condition of decor was appalling and it became clear the vacuums had seen no action in that room for some time.Room had many problems. faulty hissing radiator, buzzing lightbulbs, excessive dust, dirty cupboards, old sweetwrappers and alarmingly a broken insecure window (room was ground floor)NO apology offered. they were more concerned that we might have disturbed the 'clean' room! They were keen for us to take this particular room and it occured to us that they wanted to isolate us as a family with kids.Requested another room which was better, but insufficient space. however could not fault daily room service.Unacceptable service on last day as denied half of 'complimentary' breakfast. they claimed they had run out of food, but continued to serve 'paying' guests exactly what we usually had. Bizarre &amp; outrageous......	
Nov 18 2004	Definitely a One-Time Experience	Just completed a one night stay at this hotel and I have to say it's one of the poorest properties I've stayed at in a long time. The lobby is beautiful but the rooms are horrible. After navigating down narrow hallways and heavy wooden firedoors, I got to my room which shared a bathroom with the room next to it. I was told the room would most likely remain empty for the night so the bathroom would be just mine, but this made me nervous so I locked my own room each time I used the bathroom.The room itself was small and cramped with a window air-conditioner, so I wouldn't recommend it for the summer. There was a small tv on a shelf and a nightstand and that was pretty much it. The pictures on their website are the entire room-- don't be fooled. I didn't expect anything huge but just something clean and nice. The bedlinens were clean and in good condition but the bath towels were another story. Of the two handtowels I had (which I guess one was for me and the other for the other room), one had bloodstains and the other had brown marks all over it. Not the most pleasant thing to find out while you're drying you face with it. All that set aside, we thought we'd get something good out of the hotel with the continential breakfast. Well, I can't actually say what it was like because it doesn't start until 7:30am and we left at 7am for a meeting uptown. Obviously they don't cater to the business crowd often. All and all, I would strongly advise you to avoid this hotel unless you are only staying for one night and need to be close to Washington Square. It could be nice with a little work but right now it's not worth the money it costs to stay there.	
Nov 2 2004	Great Hotel!	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Washington Square Hotel-it was wonderful! I was a bit worried when I read the other reviews, they were unfounded. Request a renovated room. You must set your expectations however--this is an OLD, boutique hotel, no room service, no jaccuzzi tubs, no bell hops, just lots of character in a small, very small space. Fantastic location in the Village, walking distance to great shopping, resturants and clubs. Very reasonable rates at under 200 for New York.	
Sep 28 2004	Too Much Money	I was disapointed! The prices were a bit high and the rooms were a let down. Small, weak decor, the windows were made of that &quot;fogged&quot; glass and were very small. It was clean however and the lobby was impressive. The bar is nothing - I left. Beds were comfortable. I would stay here if the price was lower.	
Sep 2 2004	Love the Washington Square Hotel	I have stayed at the Washington Square Hotel many times in recent years. It is the perfect New York hotel for anyone who is tired of the cookie cutter hotels that all look alike. The hotel has been here for 100 years so anyone looking for new construction should look elsewhere. But, if you are interested in something different and something with a history, this is the place for you. The location is excellent, right on Washington Square and just blocks from SoHo and the subway. The staff is excellent, attentive and not intrusive. The rooms are cozy with very comfortable beds and warm duvets. Hot water is plentiful and there are soft towels and bathrobes to lounge in. The public areas and rooms are imaginatively decorated, a beautiful tile painting of Sargent’s Madame X is in the lobby and there is original art throughout. The North Square restaurant is adjacent to the hotel and is where the continental breakfast that is included with the room is served. It is a warm and inviting space with an eclectic bistro style menu. The restaurant is great and has something for everyone from cioppino to filet mignon, duck and vegetarian offerings. Be sure to leave room for the excellent chocolate cake and lemon tart desserts! All these qualities combine to make Washington Square Hotel an absolute gem in the Big Apple and I can't wait to get back.	
Jul 21 2004	squirrels ran through my pajamas		
Jul 2 2004 	Not Bad		
Jun 13 2004	Great bargain		
May 24 2004	Washington Square Hotel a great 'command central' for your NYC excursions		
May 20 2004	Like a European Small Hotel		
Mar 2 2004	Horrible Horrible Hotel		
Feb 3 2004	I'll never go back to this hotel....		
Dec 15 2003	Winter Wonderland !		
Oct 7 2003	Great for the price		
Apr 12 2003	Nice Hotel		
Nov 16 2009 	Hotel comodo y muy bien ubicado		
Jul 19 2009	Lo mejor el restaurante		
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent hôtel au coeur de Mnhattan		
Mar 6 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 29 2009 	Hotel sympathique et trés typique mode jazzy		
Jun 10 2008 	Très comfortable mais cher		
Apr 16 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Nov 5 2007 	agradable y centrico		
Oct 19 2007 	Une des meilleures affaires à NYC		
Feb 20 2007 	Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel		
