	Very disappointed	Rude staff; not a good value for the price; security check to go to your room; small &amp; claustrophobic room; inconvenient bed; loud music from the bar on the first floor could be on the fourth floor late at night. Will not be going there again.	
	Cool hotel in great location 2 minor faults	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it's perfectly placed for exploring Central Park, Empire State, Rockerfeller, Times Square and 5th Avenue, all within walking distance. Out room was cosy yet funky, although my two minor faults are:1) The lighting in the bathroom was not bright enough - Could barely see to apply my make-up and I came back with very bushy eyebrows!2) There was no towel rail or hook to hang the towels on, so they didn't dry properly between uses. We wouldn't have had them washed as often if there was somewhere to dry them.	
	A perfect hotel at a perfect location	It was our first time staying in New York and the hotel was the first plus we had! Very nice welcome, very helpfull, attending,... The room was spotless, very spacey (we stayed in a Queen room), breakfast had a large variety of choice and the hotel amenities (Pool!) were perfect!I would definitely go back again.	
	Good Hotel but avoid room number number 205!!!	The hotel is on a great location, clean with small nice rooms, medium size but good breakfast... At first we stayed in room 305 just above a bar running music until 2am on a level that we had difficulties talking to each other in the room... After some arguments with the receptionist, we could finally move to another nice room in the fifth floor.We can recommend the hotel but make sure that your room is not on the third floor….	
	A little gem on times square	We stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of our honeymoon. We weren't expecting a great deal from a 3* hotel in the heart of Times Square, however, were pleasantly surprised!! On arrival, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful and offered us help and advice with making the most out of our short time in New York. We took the elevator up to the 10th floor, and our first impression was that the hotel looked a bit &quot;motel-like&quot; with neon orange lighting, but do not be deceived. Our room was compact but very well designed with little storage areas under the bed, had plasma tv, dvd player, ipod docking station, telephone, aircon, iron, hairdryer, self-stockable mini bar, and wetroom with separate toilet. The room was well maintained and we had clean towels daily. The bed was just the most comfortable bed ever and was suspended higher than the windows so we looked down on crazy NYC from the comfort of our duvet!The hotel offered us continental breakfast (we thought we were room only basis), and it was yummy...pastries both sweet and savory, fresh fruit, cereals, eggs, tea, coffee, toast, juices etc. And this was served from 06.00-12.00!The pool was a really lovely touch to soothe the aching feet after sightseeing...our only complaint would be that the temperature needed bringing up a few degrees! There was a sauna and steam room too! The pool are was clean, had music playing, a swim-up bar, and twinkly lights...we honestly felt this was a part of the hotel that many guests missed the enjoyment of, but couldn't understand why??!!Highly recommend this hotel, and its location was just perfect! A+	
Nov 25 2009 	Great value great location but bring earplugs!"	My girlfriend found this hotel for me for a solo business trip and it seemed too good to be true...a $200+ hotel in the middle of Times Square that looked like it would offer a &quot;W Hotel&quot; type experience at a fraction of the cost.As I was staying at the Grace, I joked w/ my friends that it feels like a &quot;V Hotel&quot;; it's trying to be like the W but it comes up just short in style, comfort and overall vibe. However, for the price and location, Grace is an incredible value. You are literally in the middle of the Theater District in Times Square and only 15 blocks from Central Park, which is about a 15 minute walk. So you save that much more money by avoiding cabs and the subway b/c everything is pretty much in walking distance.To a degree, you are getting what you pay for: location, location, location. The rooms however, are tiny and construction is going on next door. If you are a light sleeper like me, then make sure you bring earplugs and sleeping pills. I was on the 12th floor by request, and I needed to buy those creature comforts to get a good night's sleep.I do regret not taking advantage of the swimming pool bar. Guys, if you're traveling alone, this is a killer place to stay. Lots of gorgeous women running around in the pool for private parties and DJ theme nights. It was very tempting to cancel my plans and stay at the hotel bar for Brazilian Night, trust me.For you biz travelers, the internet connection is spotty at best. Don't think you'll get a ton of work done in your room...there's hardly any space to do so and the internet connection runs hot and cold.Overall, if you're single, in your 20s and early 30s and want a W-like experience but don't want to pay $400 a night for it, stay here. Especially if you like a European-style atmosphere that almost feels like a very high-end youth hostel. If you're traveling with someone and seeking a romantic quiet weekend at a nice hotel, go someplace else. This is a hip, young establishment and you'll be annoyed at the loudness and hub-bub.All in all, I'm glad I stayed at Room Mate Grace. But, all things being equal, as a single 35-year-old w/ disposable income...in the future I'll pay the extra money for the added comfort and quiet of a nicer hotel experience. I prefer class to grit at this point in my life. In other words, I'll upgrade from the &quot;V&quot; back to the &quot;W.&quot;	
Nov 23 2009 	European Style Experience in NYC	Great prices, great ambiance and all the allure of a boutique hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent choice for a central NY base	A great and convenient hotel to stay in while visiting NY. Though the room was compact it is in the heart of Manhattan and ideal for people who want a hotel to simply sleep in. The en-suite bathroom was ample, very clean with a shower and toilet. There was also a safe that was free to use. A hairdryer was provided in the room as well as and an iron and ironing board if you're worried about creases in you clothes!The hotel has a pool, sauna, steam room and gym to help guests relax.Breakfast was continental style and excellent with toast, bagels, croissants, fruit, cereals, ham, cheese and boiled eggs (cold) and plenty of tea and coffee.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel if you get a good price!	We came to Grace after staying at another NY hotel for 5 nights (just for a different location) and it was a good hotel. We had no issues with street noise at all (was much much quieter than the first hotel) and we were concerned as there is construction right next door. The breakfast was fantastic and the room was adequate. We booked about 3 months early and got a decent deal ($240 + taxes). The toilet and shower were a little strange in the sliding cupboard - felt a little claustrophobic in there as there are no windows or glass (just 3 plastered walls and the back of a sliding mirror) and you are essentially in a cupboard. We only dealt with a few staff members in our short stay who were great, but one was not very friendly. She also couldn't answer me when I asked her where we could by some additional luggage. The customer checking out told me about a place on the same street (Jacks world or something). She also wouldn't answer anything until I told her what room number we were in and when we were checking out? Other than her, everyone else was lovely and I would stay here again if I wanted a central location.	
Nov 17 2009 	A small comfortably and pleasent hotel in the middle of NY!	Very nice hotel, I recommend it especially for young people that would love the nice stay in the Grace. Room are nice and they have enough space and also the breakfast is very good to have untill 12.00 o'clock!The position is close to Times Square, i dont love it because too crowd but i wasn't a problem but help us to reach everywhere easily.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice trendy hotel VERY close to Times Square	Great location if you want to be near Times Square - it's only half a block away from Room Mate Grace. Rooms are reasonably small but well laid out with nice fittings.Pool, sauna, free fitness room are a bonus, as is the free continental breakfast served in the sitting area on Level 2. The bar downstairs by the pool was pretty quiet most nights we were there, but it's handy to be able to wander down for a drink if the mood takes you.Service was good, nothing spectacular but we had no issues there.All in all I'd definitely recommend RMG for people wanting a nicely appointed, clean room close to Times Square that isn't ridiculously expensive like some others in the area.	
Nov 15 2009 	low quality/price ratio	no door between shower and room, two small beds in a very small room, dirty disgusting curtains hanging next to the bed...thanks god we could buy a surface antiseptic...only positive points: location and kindness of employees.In short you can survive in this place, but for more than 300$ this place doesn't offer a good quality/price ratio	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Hotel did their best to accommodate our needs	We had a petite corner non smoking room and it was awesome!!!! bathroom bigger than i expected and we even had a view of city which was great. Loved it!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Some of the best New York can offer open minded travellers	I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. Everything during our stay was top notch, from the initial reception to check-out. The pool, breakfast, cleanliness, rooms, location and service are all things I remember warmly. I didn't have time to try the small gym but from a quick inspection it looked like it had enough to make a quick workout enjoyable.	
Nov 8 2009 	This Grace loves Room Mate Grace	Currently my favorite place to stay in NYC. I stayed for the second time after moving from a regrettably cheaper-but-less-clean nearby hotel. The location off West 45th puts you in the middle of Time Square action. The amenities are great; rooms modern and attractive and so clean; free wifi and DirecTV, and free continental breakfast substantial. Plus, Port Authority is just a few blocks away and can walk/cab over for travel connections, subway or airport shuttle services.	
Nov 7 2009 	Pretty Good	As a comfortable, reasonably priced (by New York standards), hotel the Grace ticks most boxes. Its in a great location just off Times Square. Its clean and the design is quite cool, although I have to admit not as cutting edge as I was expecting. The rooms particularly are rather unexceptional, with some of the design elements being more irritations than anything. Nonetheless, the beds are extremely comfortable. Its pretty noisy, but given the location that's inevitable. Saturday night is particularly noisy, the bar downstairs going until dawn. They lay on a good continental breakfast, but the room does get crowded so expect to share a table.	
Nov 6 2009 	Extremely clean trendy perfect location and new	We staid with two people in this hotel for one week. We took the smallest room. And we can say that.... it was small. But the arrangement (with a high bed which permits to put our luggages below) is quite smart. But I think that a high bed like that could be a problem for older people even if we have seen some of them in the hotel. It makes that the room gave a good feeling of quiet place (which is good in NY and especially so close from Times Square).The cleanliness of the room and of the hotel is simply perfect.The location for the breakfast could be bigger but we hadn't to wait to take our breakfast so it is OK.Wi-fi was included in the price and, for me, this is a real plus.I would recommend this hotel. Maybe take a bigger romm (I think that the difference in the price is not important). For what I have seen from the map in the hotel, the other rooms seem to be more or less twice bigger than our room and the difference in the price doesn't seem to be twice (maybe I'm wrong). But I would suggest to take a room which gives at the back of the hotel. Our room gave on the street. That was still OK but the biggest trucks do sound and especially during the week the workers of the in-construction building next to the hotel. Even with that, we are really happy with the hotel but maybe a best located room is a hint.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Value Great Location Great Atmosphere Great Fight for Brekker	Stayed for five nights and were very happy. The staff were very helpful and efficient, the place and decor were quirky and fun and the room was comfy. Whilst not large it was clean and well appointed and was fine for a sightseeing holiday. The location was great too just a few seconds walk from Times Square. About the only bad point was trying to get down for the breakfast. The breakfast bar was packed solid a few times and getting a seat was difficult. We gave up twice and went to the cafe next door. All in all though I would happily go back.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent all round	I really enjoyed my stay here. The modern room was very clean and very comfortable. It had great touches - cosy pillows, ipod dock, iron, hairdryer, decent sized bathroom, lovely shower, weather forecast left on the bed, etc, etc. The breakfast was delicious, the service friendly and location was ideal. I would definitely stay here again when I next visit NYC.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great breakfast good location and reasonably priced	The hotel is in a great location right near Times Square and walking distance to many attractions. There are some theatres right on the same street. The room was modern and well equipped with safe, iron, hair dryer. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The breakfast was great with fresh berries and fruit as well as pastries, cereal and yoghurt. I would stay again next time in NY.Only negative is that the internet is expensive.	
Oct 25 2009 	Chic boutique hotel at a reasonable price	My sister and I stayed here for a night when we were in town to celebrate our friends' anniversary.... My sis had always wanted to stay here, so I thought it would be fun to see what it was like. The price was reasonable, $208 ($180 + taxes) considering I didn't book the reservation as far in advance as I usually do. I thought the place would be too trendy and maybe a little snooty for us to feel comfortable, but the staff was friendly and accommodating... we even saw a couple with their baby, so that was a good sign. The room was a little small, but still roomy enough for the two of us to relax in before going out (I've stayed in much smaller and more cramped rooms in NYC). The bed was on a platform, very comfy, and had a little bench area for us to put our bags on. Also, I liked that there was a mini fridge, although it took up half the closet space, which was already small to begin with. Our room was on the 4th floor and overlooked 45th street, but it was actually pretty quiet considering how loud NYC street noise can be at times. The fixtures in the bathroom were nice (although I would've preferred it to be a bit brighter), and the rainshower was cool, but I wish that the shower had more of a separation from the rest of the bathroom... there was half wall and a shower curtain, but the water still splashed into the rest of the bathroom area on the floor. We took advantage of their continental breakfast the next morning, and it was packed, so we had to wait a bit for a seat. We ended up sitting near the pool, which was kinda cool, but I would've preferred a seat in the breakfast area, since it was brighter and didn't smell like chlorine. I wish that we were there longer, since we didn't get to try out all of the other facilities (pool/spa/sauna, gym, etc.). Overall we had a positive experience, and my sis was happy we got to stay there. I'd definitely stay there again, and I've seen some lower rates on their sites sometimes, so that's a plus too.	
Oct 24 2009 	eccentric hotel that fulfills its purpose..	In july 09, 2 girlfriends and myself stayed at Room Mate Grace for 1 night. The hotel is spitting distance from Times square! (good or bad thing..depends on how close you want to be) The motel is immaculate with a retro/modern decor (like an IKEA showroom). There is a small pool on the entrance level that was very cool, ( geared toward adults). The rooms were narrow but the space was used effectively. The view was not existent, but I didn't come to NYC to sit in my room. The beds were very comfortable... I slept on the top bunk and it was bliss. The complimentary breakfast was one of the best I have had. For a continental breakfast, there was plenty to chose from, as well as a few snacks to grab before you went on your trek to the city. I have travelled to NYC many times before and have never settled for less than a 4 star. I'm glad I tried Room Mate because it did everything a good hotel should do. Gave me a good breakfast, a clean room and a lovely bed to sleep in. TIP: It will be worth your while to check out the NYC tourist website for any events that may be going on during your trip... We were fortunate to be there Restaurant week and ate at most expensive and exquisite restaurants in the city ( on a prix fixe menu!)	
Oct 24 2009 	Peaceful place with dimmed light	The room was beautiful. The lobby and breakfast room too small because of the pool. Friendly service.	
Oct 23 2009 	Extremely good location on Times Square	If it's your first time in NYC, choose this hotel. It's easy to see all the other parts of the city. After all you're in MIDTOWN (!) Manhattan ;-) The price was okay, and the room was bigger than I had expected acually, from what I had heard in advance of the hotel-rooms in NYC. The room was very clean. But 3 drawbacks: Half of the staff was really helpfull and pleasant, but the other half seemed only semi-interested in the guests. The breakfast area was really small and over-crowded early in the morning. And, what's the deal with the swimming pool? Why not use the space to build a bigger bar/breakfast area? It was so easy to watch in on the people who used the pool thru the glass walls by the elevator and bar that my girlfirend and I were too shy to jump in...All in all, I enjoyed my stay. And despite these minor drawbacks I would recommend this hotell for couples (and small families with teenagers) who wants to live on the &quot;crossroad of the world&quot; at Times Square.. :-)	
Oct 21 2009 	Great!	For 4 women on vacation, the bunkbed room was fabulous and just perfect for us. The included breakfast was also wonderful and almost unheard of in New York City. We had a great time while there and loved our stay. Had a couple of burned out light bulbs which we asked several times to be replaced and got no service, but other than that we were pleased with everything.	
Oct 20 2009 	great fan of room mate hotels in europe - disapointed by NYgrace hotel	first room confortable on 10th floorsecond room on 8th floor has just been fresh painted - so toxic smells -:(((and no black curtains to avoid light early in the morning :(((to replace it we were given another one on the 3rd floor : impossible to sleep before 3AMbecause of a party at the swimming pool (we were told party ends at 2AM but as fun was going on the manager extended it later :(((night reception never ever said they were sorry for this disturbance :(((which should have been the least as we stayed for a total of 17 nights ...breakfast room too crowded to start a good day in NYC :(((queue to get a seat then queue to help ourselves :(((but it seems the hotel direction prefers to keep sofas in order to organize evening parties at the swimming-pool instead of placing small tables to welcome more people for breakfast :(((finally we seldom used the pool always over crowded by these parties :((( and the sauna and the spa were very often out of use because of the parties :(((sorry not to be able to recommend grace hotel as we could do for several room mate hotels in spain (laura - oscar - alicia in madrid + marina in valencia) ! hope you do make good use of this review ... to improve grace !	
Oct 15 2009 	very pleased with hotel	clean, hip hotel. great breakfast. a bit of street noise from room. very efficient use of space in rooms. staff were friendly and somewhat helpful. a couple of them were not very knowledgeable. overall we were very pleased	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location great breakfast fun hotel	We reserved a &quot;Petite&quot; room, and were concerned it might be uncomfortably tiny, but our room was quite spacious (perhaps they gave us an upgrade?). We had a king-size bed; a small table that pulled up to a bench, with a chair; a closet with hanging space and 3-4 shelves; a bathroom with a nice big counter and a long narrow shelf below the mirror; a spacious shower; and a toilet room that closed with a sliding door. There was a lot of empty floor space -- plenty for a chest of drawers, which would have been nice.We had heard that the lower floors could be noisy at night (from the parties in the pool area), so we requested an upper floor and got a room on the eleventh floor, which was plenty quiet. Of course, there are always city noises, but the double windows helped to muffle those. Other amenities: a safe large enough for a laptop computer, a small mini-fridge (empty), hairdryer, iron and small ironing board, magazines, and a binder with menus from local restaurants.The breakfast was available from 6am to noon, and included bread (sliced white and wheat, bagels, croissants, muffins, etc.), fruit (apples, oranges, bananas, raspberries, blueberries), yogurt, ham, cheese, hard-boiled eggs, cereals, coffee, tea, cocoa, juice, milk. The staff was quick to re-stock anything getting low.The location was great. 5 minutes or so from subway stops, and within walking distance of Times Square, MoMA, Rockefeller Center, and lots of other tourist attractions. There's a deli two doors down that is a good place to get snacks if you want something quick, or if you want to eat in your room. The 2nd floor area where breakfast is served is also available the rest of the day if you want a comfortable place to eat or hang out.The staff was very friendly and helpful. On our last day, as our bellhop stored our luggage so we could see a few last sights, we mentioned that we would be back around 2:45 to take a cab to the airport, and when we arrived, he had a cab there waiting for us.Loved the funky decor, loved the breakfast, loved our room, would love to stay here again!	
Oct 12 2009 	Luxurious Hotel in Hotel but not snoby at all	We enjoyed this classy hotel without the snoby approach - It is not far from the Subway, the rooms are all newly decorated, clean although not that large. The swimming pool (quite small) and Sauna are extraordinary after a day full of New York... Only the price is high if you book late like we did....	
Oct 10 2009 	An oasis	My two teenagers and I stayed overnight at the Grace Hotel while in town for a show. We found it very clean, very pleasant. The service people were all very friendly and helpful. Bring your bathing suit: the heated pool is an oasis in itself. The lighting is dim in the pool area, with soothing music playing softly. Ahhhhh. The first floor did really get hopping at night, and some of the loud music did filter up to our room. Next time, I'll request a room on a higher floor; we were on the 3rd floor, which is just above the main floor. The continental breakfast was very nice; a buffet of bagels, sandwich fixings, croissants, fresh fruit, muffins and doughnuts. OJ and excellent coffee. A room with a king size bed and twin upper bunk was perfect for the 3 of us. The only drawback for us would've been the see-through shower curtain for the shower, since there is no door to close b/w the shower area and the rest of the room. I'd advise you bring a few clothespins and pin a bed sheet to the see-through curtain. We simply only used it after swimming, with our bathing suits still on. Very conveniently located in theater district/Times Square area. Also, there are cafe-type restaurants--very casual, right near the hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Interesting hotel	I really liked the location of this hotel. You really could not beat it-it was close to Times Square, subway, etc. The bed situation was really interesting. I'm not an older person but I kept thinking that if someone older or someone that was not super acrobatic stayed in this room, they would probably end up sleeping on the floor. The bed was on a rather high platform with entry from only one side. I had to crawl up, and crawl over my husband to get to the other side of the bed. It was actually quite amusing after awhile. But it did have a large closet space, which was amazing for a New York hotel. Loved the decor and the whole vibe of the place.	
Oct 8 2009 	awesome hotel	Very modern deco. Room was cute, not big but large enough. Breakfast is good and very relaxing when taken in front of the pool . The service is great, always helpful. I recommend to stay on the higher floors (we were in the 16th floor) in case of parties around the pool that can be noisy if you sleep just upstairs. The location is just perfect, very close to broadway and times square.	
Oct 7 2009 	It could have been better....	In general terms, we have enjoyed the hotel. The room had all what we need but it was very very noisy. I had to buy ear plugs to sleep. It wasn't only the noise of the street but the air conditioned machines of the other buildings. that's why it was a non-stop noise night and day. We think than there's a problem with the windows, they are not thick enough and we coud feel some air coming inside when we were in bed. We liked very much the hotel and the Room Mates concept. We are clients in Spain of other ones of this chain, but we think there are some details to attend for. We will recommend it but with some reserves.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice rooms with lots of style	The room we got in Room Mate Grace was really fun. Unique showers, big comfortable bed, lots of space for luggage. In general this hotel is stylish.Hotel is clean, service is helpful (allowed us to check-in at 8AM), and their breakfast is a nice way to start your day (especially if you like sweet stuff for breakfast).The location is very central with lots of subway stations nearby.The only problem with the room was a constant machine noise coming from the roof of the building next to the hotel. The windows of the room did not seal this noise very well.Tip for those arriving from Newark Airport - take the USA Coach bus (just outside of the terminal) and get off at Port Authority. From there it is a 10 min walk to the hotel. Round trip costs 25$.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent customer service and great location	We really enjoyed our stay at the Grace Hotel. The staff was incredible, always ready to help and always with a smile. The heated pool is perfect to relax after a long day of shoppind or sightseeing. The breakfast in the morning is really good, fresh fruits, cereals, different sort of breads and muffins and also a nice coffee machine (cappucinno, latte) which is available 24 hours. The location is great, directly in Times Square, less than 5 minutes to walk to 5th Avenue, 15 minutes walk to Central Park, 15 minutes to walk to 34th street (Macy's and lots of other nice stores). On Saturday night, there was a DJ at the pool and everyone was dancing, that was a lot of fun. We will stay there on our next visit to NYC for sure.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very nice and comfortable.	Room Mate Grace NY. Reception personal was very friendly and helpfull, Rooms where nice, clean and comfortable. People in the breakfast area where not fast and friendly, very grumpy to eacht other and don't know how to laugh and smile. We had to ask every morning for orangejus, cleaning the table, cups, etc. The breakfast itself/ the food was good.We would come back for a stay.	
Sep 25 2009 	Look no further stay here!	We have been to NYC quite a few times. This is def the best place to stay! Excellent location - only 1 min walk from Times Square. We stayed here for 3 nights, missed it when we left! We were amazed at how cool the hotel was. Amazing design, trendy, hip and stylish. Cool hotel rooms, small but with everything u need. Very European like/Ikea style. Amazing free breakfast with fresh bagels and freshly squeezed orange juice. Cool pool and sauna. Fitness room. Free internet access! 24hr reception with a small shop. The hotel has a popular bar, nighly DJs and parties. Ask for a room on a high floor if u want a quiet room. Very nice staff. Will def stay here again! Be sure to check out a stand up comedy show when you're in NYC - At Dangerfield's, Broadway comedy club, Laugh factory etc.	
Sep 21 2009 	You must stay at GRACE!!!	We stayed at Room Mate Grace hotel. Excellent location in the middle of Times Sq. We booked a standard room but was upgraded on arrival, a good size room with empty fridge, tv, hairdryer, iron &amp; board, safe, etc. You can stock up on drinks at the kiosk (front desk). There is an ice machine on every other floor. The complimentary breakfast was fantastic, although the small dining area gets a little crowded you can take your breakfast back up to your room. EVERY MEMBER of staff we met throughout the week were friendly and nothing was too much trouble. A lot has been said about noise during party nights at the pool but we were only on the 6th floor and did not hear a thing! The bed was SO comfortable and quality bed linen! There is a flat screen tv and ipod docking station also DVD player! I would highly recommend GRACE, it was my 7th trip to New York and I have stayed in a dfferent hotel each time - but I would definantly stay here again and again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Eclectic clean boutique not for claustrophobics.	Comfortable hotel with funky vibe, had availability (thankfully) when just about every other hotel in NYC was full. Room was clean and tiny -- cozy but would have been tight with 2 people. Front desk was a bit chaotic. Fun common areas, hip clientele. Would come back.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great situation	The breakfast plae is too small, not very practicable and ofen busy.	
Sep 18 2009 	Such a zen hotel next to everything!	Stylish, peaceful hotel few steps away from Times Square. We enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is relaxing and zen place that, in our opinion, balanced NYC buzz.We had a standard room, which was is our opinon roomy enough. It is true though, that the space is designed for couples etc, meaning that it's basically one room. We were happy to see, that there was an empty fridge to fill with your own foods&amp;drinks. (Something was sold in the reception as well.) There's a quite good deli/shop almost next to the hotel, so it was easy to buy snacks. Our room at the 12th floor was peaceful and quiet, but on the other hand we had requested a quiet room.The breakfast was healthy and nice, although it was a little crowded at 9 am. There are tables available at the pool, too, so if the tables are occupied, you may also check downstairs. We truly enjoyed the relaxing athmosphere and chill out music played. We had few drinks at the lounge bar on Sunday. The bartender was very friendly and polite. By the way, most of the other quests seemed to be Spanish speaking. Also the staff spoke Spanish.There were some little thing that could have been better: One of the two elevators was broken twice during our week's stay. Our keys didn't work our last whole day there. Mistakes happen, but the thing that bothered me was that when asking to fix them, the staff member didn't apologized. It also took a while to get our bags from the luggage room, since there was only one staff member doing that and there were few other quests leaving at the same time. Our driver had to wait with car on the street (and that makes New Yorkers mad!). But, as you can see, the negative sides are minor. We definately would recommend this hotel to anyone + would stay there again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Very nice hotel close to subway stations lovely breakfast	We stayed in Room Mate Grace for 10 nights. We liked it very much, especially breakfast was great. It's close to Times Square, which is just a bit too busy, but there are two subway stations nearby. There is a swimming pool!The only downside I can think of is the poor WiFi reception in our room.Definetly great value for money!	
Sep 12 2009 	Could not fault our time here.	Tremendously helpful staff - both informed and pleasant. Rooms were beautifully presented and very clean. Would recommend Grace Room Mate to anyone.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good for a very short trip	My husband and I are in our thirties and we stayed at this hotel when we were in town for a wedding. We stayed for one night. I think the room and especially the bathroom would have been too small for us if it had been a longer stay. The layout of the room is quirky and feels stylish, but the bathroom offers no privacy. It would not have been a comfortable experience to use the toilet, etc. if I had been traveling with anyone other than my husband or a very close family member because the door of the bathroom is just a mirror that slides in front of the toilet -- in other words, the bathroom is basically on one side of the room, and the bed is on the other side, and there is no separate room for a bathroom. The shower was dark and the grout probably could have used some tilex. But the lobby was very trendy, with the pool which my husband used. But the drinks were very pricey. I didn't find the place to be too loud on a Saturday night and the concierge was helpful. The walls are thin. We heard a couple being intimate on our way to our room! It's a comfortable stylish place to stay, it sort of has a modern almost ikea feel to it. I would definitely recommend to young people and to the 35 and up crowd if it's a very short visit and you want trendiness at a reduced cost. The parking is a block away.Definitely not a place to travel with a business relation.	
Sep 6 2009 	great except for nightclub/ pool party on weekends downstairs	on weekends the pool, sauna and steam room area is out of bounds because they are transformed into a gay club so music may be too loud for those on the lower floors. otherwise excellent location and facility	
Sep 4 2009 	We hope to return to this hotel every time we go to New York City!	A very unique hotel with the best of service, A 24 hour pool in the City that never sleeps, was a real PLUS! Held our luggage before check in and after check in while we continued to enjoy the sightseeing of the City. Thanks again and hope to see you soon.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great central hotel	Stayed here for a long weekend. Caught the train from New Jersey and a 15 minute walk from Penn St. The hotel is located just off Times Square so for the first time visitor to New York its perfect. Although check in wasn't till the usual 2pm we were allowed to check in as our room was vacant and ready. Don't know about other people but its always a nice touch.Like most other New York hotels it errs on the small side but who wants a huge room in the &quot;City that never sleeps&quot;? The room was very nicely designed with good use of space. The usual plasma screen TV was wall mounted so you could watch TV in bed. Separate toilet and shower which was very clean (always a good sign). We also liked that the refrigerator was empty so you could fill it up with whatever you liked either from the reception or outside.Unlike most NY hotels of this size, it has a small pool which we didn't use. Like many posters breakfast can be crowded and busy. If people used a little common sense have their breakfast and not take a lifetime there would be no problem.The bar is quite expensive even for New York but there's lots of watering holes near by, though most are the ubiquitous Irish kind.All in all an excellent good value hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	Perfect staying.	The hotel is beautiful and perfectly located. Clean, silent, fashion in the right dose. Great breakfast. Next time in New York City Grace Hotel will be our destination again.	
Aug 31 2009 	stylish hot spot very good value for money!!	had a great time at your wonderful hotel ... new york residents who came to visit were stunned at the chic and stylishness of the bar, rooms and lobby, the good breakfast (fresh berries and espresso!!!) ... more space for tables, maybe if you'd include the bar???, would make breakfast time even more relaxing, great spa, comfy beds ... dj, lightdesign - we loved it!!! and very friendly staff - thanx :-))))one thing I missed: hooks of hangers for the wet towels ... but that's an easy one to fix!	
Aug 30 2009 	great deal great room great location	very comfortable room. very comfortable for 3 people with the loft.	
Aug 29 2009 	I read the other reviews before I went - have to disagree!!!	I see where everyone calls this place funky &amp; cool. The decor is...but it really sets itself up best for the &quot;spring break&quot; set. The front desk is styled with a newstand look. Very cool, but do they have to have a large glass canister of condoms right on the counter? That should have tipped us off right from the start.The front desk told us upon check-in that we had requested a third floor room (which we hadn't). We exited the elevator on the third floor to the smell of marijuana smoke. We ignored that and proceeded. The rooms are small but relatively clean. After we returned from the theatre, we found out what was special about being on the third floor. It turns out that the pool, which they are so proud of, turns into a nightclub, which is right beneath the third floor rooms. A sign in front of the hotel welcomes passers-by inside for $10/cover to drink and enjoy a live band &amp; DJ. This gives everyone access to the pool. Eeew!! Windows to the pool showed a wall to wall crowd grinding against one another in their swimsuits to latin music. We decided to skip the hotel bar...We proceeded to the elevators where a security guard stood to verify we were indeed guests. Sure enough, our room pulsated with the latin beat, and we knew we needed to go back out for the night. As promised, the bar closes after 2am. We could finally get some sleep. The following morning, we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast overlooking the pool (which was now surrounded by blue caution tape). We returned to our room where the room was now vibrating from jackhammers doing work for the hotel.When it comes down to it, the service of a hotel is to provide you with a safe, comfortable, place to sleep. This hotel failed to provide this for us. When we complained, we were merely offer a simple &quot;sorry&quot;.	
Aug 28 2009 	small but great value	Booked online through the hotel website and got a great rate. Was upgraded to a king room on an upper floor when checking in. The room was pretty small (the bed took up 3 walls!) but the bathroom was large and there was plenty of space for luggage, etc. The location was amazing and the staff was great. The pool and spa looked fantastic but didn't have the time to try them. And the continental breakfast that's included was a perfect way to start the morning - not a huge variety, but good quality food. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Room Mate Grace Hotel NYC	Spent a few nights at the RM hotel in NYC in August 09 - great location right next to Time Square, very helpful staff, plus the swimming pool added a great party atmosphere in the evening.So not one negative comment - thoroughly enjoyed my stay there and would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent self-service design hotel	If you like to stay in midtown and are happy without too much service and staff, this is a good option. Good value for money, the hotel comes with great looks and a good complimentary breakfast. The spa and pool are an extra. You don't have to constantly worry who to tip how much and when, because there is very little staff around. This said, our television was changed immediately once we found out it wasn't working properly. Overall highly recommended. Only downside might be the constant noice of the airconditionings of the buildings around. An overall problem in many places in NY.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good hotel but beware adult themed items if you have teens	If traveling with teens/kids or non-partners (ie Friends) I would not stay here. The showers don't have doors, just a transparent curtain. You would have to kick your other travelers out while you shower. The walls are VERY thin. I was fortunate that our neighbors weren't &quot;going at it&quot; or partying all night. At the lobby counter there is a large canister of condoms. I am a mom traveling with a child and had no interest in explaining what they are. There was a pool party there that night, it was a gay party. Once again, more explaining of guys in speedo's with lays on their necks.On the up sides: Hotel is VERY CLEAN!! Same as the rooms. Beds are nice. Location is amazing! Staff very helpful. If you don't have kids and don't mind showering in front of your travel partner and don't mind hearing your neighbors - you are good to go.	
Aug 23 2009 	friendlyest staff ever and very spa like.	the staff was exceptionaly friendly. the breakfast was the best free breakfast ive ever had in NY. the rooms and the hotel in general was spotless. a very fun atmosphere.	
Aug 19 2009 	A Funky hotel with all the amenities	The Grace is a great hotel for leisure travel. It is very centrally located to the sites in NYC including the theaters and restaurants. While the rooms are small, the space is used so effeciently that they are more than sufficient if you are only using the room at the end of the day. The entire hotel was clean. The hotel staff was very helpful and polite.Breakfast was sufficient - fruit, baked goods, cereal, eggs.Pool was the hit of the trip for our 5-year old daughter.Price is right!	
Aug 17 2009 	August Market Week	Everything was fine. Great service and great room. Loved the bed. Very comfortable.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good for young people	Very good: swimming pool, location, kindness of staffCould be better: breakfast, noise in the room, onion smell early in the morning	
Aug 16 2009 	An NYC Gem for Young (and the Young at Heart)	Ever stayed at a Youth Hostel? What YH's have in common are great locations, low prices and they are generally set up to be very convenient, safe havens for their guests. The Grace is all that and I'd consider it an oasis in the heart of NYC. It offers clean, tiny but amenity stacked rooms, a 24 hour beverage store (alchohol until 4am), free breakfast (including latte's!) and the best location one could want in NYC. Booked on Hotwire for $145 and couldn't have been happier.	
Aug 10 2009 	What a nice surprise..in more ways than one!	I had to find a booking FAST...and Room Mate Grace came to the rescue.My rate was unbelievably low...the service was great (a cute boy with glasses and a faux hawk checked me in at the newstand looking front desk)....It's a quirky place with an indoor pool in the lobby and a swim up window that leads to the lobby bar. People were playing a friendly game of pool volleyball when I showed up...and I was tempted to join.The hallways leading to my room were nuts, wavy black and white zebra lines all over the place, red lighting and the doors have MASSIVE room numbers. Maybe in case you get drunk and lost?The room was small but nice. The bed was really comfortable and I loved the bedding! The only weird thing was that it has a step thing to it, that you have to amble over each time you get in and out of the bed.There was a cute little nook to eat in or to use my laptop. The TV was a flat screen...but the channel changer took FOREVER going from channel to channel...maybe the battery was dying?The Good:**AWESOME RATE (thought I am not sure this is always the case): I paid $149/night**FREE WIRELESS INTERNET!!! I love this!! I just don't get why all hotels don't have this! It's SO customer friendly!**FREE CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST! - and it was GOOD! Not your run of the mill croissant/coffee bar... they had fresh berries, cereals, muffins, croissants, bagels, 3 types of toast, hard boiled eggs, bananas, oranges, teas and an awesome little espresso/latte machine! So perfect... and free..!!!?**DJs nightly in the lobby bar! A great place to meet up with friends for a drink! Just know this...there is an INSANELY awesome gay night called Drip on Wednesdays. I think it would be good for the front desk to let people know about this crazy pool party/drag fashion show/dance party! While it was absolutely the highlight of my trip (and a total surprise)...I am not sure if older/conservative guests would be thrilled to be bombarded with Gay night meets swim team!**They have a gym (albeit TINY and no treadmill), but at least they are trying. It has 2 bikes for now, some weights, stretching bands and yoga mats. The front desk girl told me they are talking about trading out a bike for a treadmill...I hope they do!**The manager left me a handwritten note and personal letter...with two apples and a snickers bar. That's adorable.**Your minibar is an empty fridge, you get to buy what you want downstairs at the kiosk/front desk to stock it. This came in handy when I didn't finish my dinner one night and I wanted to bring it to work with me...I had room in my fridge! Nice! Plus, I could buy what I WANTED...and wasn't tempted with the overpriced crap that is usually in there.**People here are SUPER nice. I mean, the guy that got my luggage for me was a total doll...helped me way beyond his duty. **Central location! Great for tourists- you'd be in the heart of Times Square! Great for fashion business travelers (me)... a short walk to most showrooms and design studios.There are a ton of restaurants around here but it's also dead center to enjoy all of Manhattan...**Miguel- an awesome bartender who was friendly, cute and deep. He kept my friend busy when I was late for drinks and then kept us interested with awesome stories!BAD:**Rooms are pretty small**bathroom lighting wasn't great**no door on the bathroom- so I had to kick my friend out of the room to pee**If you are homophobic, Wednesday night will freak you the hell out! But you should go anyway and check it out because it's SO FUN!	
Aug 6 2009 	clean funky place	Loved the atmosphere at this place. Loved the room layout and the ability to dim lights. I got the petite room. At the reception when I checked in, I was able to upgrade to a bigger room on the house (but it was a smoking-room so I didn't accept). I was afraid the petite room would be too small but it was more than enough. I've been in smaller NY hotels so this was great! The bed was funky and very comfortable. Suprisingly quiet considering how close it is to Times Square and I stayed here over the weekend. There were some ants crawling on the ledge beside my bed, however.... But in all I felt the place was clean. Showers, toilet, sink, carpet, bed - clean. Too bad the bar closed early at midnight even though they claim to stay open to 2am. The swimming pool, sauna, steam room looked great (but I didn't use these). Complimentary breakfast downstairs was nice too. Perfect place on a budget. Perfect location too.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice ellegant and great location!	This hotel is in the heart of the city, on the corner of Time Square. With a beautiful and modern architecture design and nice rooms, this hotel is the perfect spot on time square.	
Aug 4 2009 	Party hotel in Times Square	Small rooms, but this close to the action you can't complain for the price. Had a bad night the first night as there was a party going on in the room next door but not the hotel's fault. What I would say, having stayed here on two different occasions, is that weekends do have noisy parties in the pool area and if you're not there for that then maybe ask for a top floor room. Having said that - I found the reception guys mostly friendly and helpful. The location is perfect if you want to be in the thick of it. Rooms are well laid out for the space they had to play with. I probably wouldn't put my parents up there though. For anyone looking for a fun hotel in town - this is it!	
Aug 4 2009 	Trendy but relaxed	We stayed 4 nights in the hotel and it was all great. We had a standard room with queen bed. Room was not too small and very practically equipped. Hotel pool and sauna were a big plus.There was a party on two of our four nights in the pool. But as a hotel guest you can always join the party. And especially the one on Wednesday night (Drip) was really great... Good music, really nice show and good atmosphere.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent location small space with a small price!	This hotel was great! I loved the decor and I emailed in advance to request a room away from any internal noise (as there is the only swim-up bar in nyc in the lobby). We were up-graded...and all the hotel staff were great. I have traveled to NYC numerous times and this hotel is a great find! I now only look for hotels which include free internet (as it just makes everything a lot easier)...and I liked the European-style breakfast which was included in our room stay. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 28 2009 	Super!	It really was a very nice hotel! Very friendly and helpful staff! Nice, clean and modern rooms! Nice swimmingpool with bar and spa for after hours relaxing...Location: at about 100 metres of times square, which was wonderful!!Absolutely recommended hotel!!!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Everything exceeded my expectations	This hotel met all my needs and was in a perfect location.	
Jul 23 2009 	This was the perfect place to stay for us	We loved this hotel. The room was small but perfectly adequate for our needs since we weren't in it much anyway. The room was very quiet and clean. There was a sliding door for the toilet area which provided adequate privacy. There was no door for the shower but privacy could be maintained behing the shower curtain. The complementary buffet breakfast was excellent - a good variety of fresh healthy foods including in season fruits - fresh raspberries and blueberries! The swimming pool by the lobby was an enjoyable break for us. We as a family did not feel comfortable swimming one evening because they were having a cocktail party a the pool. The party looked like it would have been fun for young adults however - lots of loud music. The decorations were very stylish, Ikea style.	
Jul 22 2009 	Amazing hotel! Best value in town	The room is great, modern design, quiet, very comfortable bed. The must is the pool in the lobby with its adjacent bar. The best way to relax after aday of shopping!	
Jul 20 2009 	I had a very pleasant stay at the Room Mate Grace in NYC!	I have stayed at the Grace 3 times now and find it consistently pleasing and a good value. The staff is attentive and gracious. I have to warn thta the rooms are small and you may have to go outside to change your mind. If you can deal with that then the modern conveniences and amenities will win you over.	
Jul 20 2009 	Hidden Gem!	We stayed there for 2 nights and I would recommend this hotel to all. Very clean hotel, friendly staff, great breakfast(!) and super location. Bar offers the best drinks. BAR WORKS TILL 3 AM. We could hear a music, but our room was right above the bar. It did not bother us, but if you cannot tolerate this, ask for room on higher floor (4-10). We'll definitely go back there!	
Jul 19 2009 	perdfect for "young" people	all ex+ serviceclean rooms, soft queen size bed, large bathroom, good breakfast and free entry for steam room, sauna and swimming pool!a little bit noisy air recycling... nothing compares to the Times Square soundtrack!Super central position	
Jul 19 2009 	Very cool and young vibe	I usually stay at upscale hotels everywhere I go. This time I was looking for a boutique hotel, with a cool vibe and economical rates. Grace Hotel fulfilled my expectations. I wouldn't necessarily stay here for a business trip or if I want to have meetings at the hotel. However the rooms and common areas were clean and designed well and it was very lively. Service was no frills - no room service, no mini-bar in the rooms, but the desk staff were very helpful and attentive.	
Jul 15 2009 	Cool	I chose Grace for location (fabulous if you are seeing endless Broadway shows) and the pool (to recover after all that walking around the hot streets of NY) and I was delighted with my choice. Admittedly, I was offered an upgrade on arrival which was an unexpected bonus but the service, the space, the free breakfast and the hip nature of the place all added up to a great experience.	
Jul 9 2009 	good location good rooms terrible breakfast layout somewhat noisy	We have stayed at some of the room mate hotels in Europe and in general we have had good experiences in terms of service, quality, location, etc. Room Mate Grace is no exception except that in contrast to other room mate hotels the breakfast area had a terrible layout. It was very crowded with people bumping into each other. this was annoying.Also, the hotel tends to have pool parties at night open to the public. This is fine as we are relatively open minded but it may annoy people with young children. The hotel should take into account that guests may be put off by these parties.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great trendy and friendly hotel!	We stayed here for 4 nights and I would recommend this hotel to all our friends. Clean and pleasant room, friendly staff, great breakfast and super location. We go back there for sure!	
Jul 7 2009 	Loved it!!	This was me and my boyfriends first time to NY and the hotel was everything and more. it was all so trendy, the room was small of course but it was cute n cozy. The location was great because we were maby 30 seconds from times squere.(getting a late night hot dog was the best!) I would deffinitly stay in this hotel again. the only complaint i would have is the shower, the water pressure was not enough, the only other thing would be that this is deffinitly not a family hotel. The shower and the toilet did not have doors it was a sliding door ( kinda wierd but ok)and a wanna-be shower curtain, so if you are staying with someone who usually dosent see you naked it might be a bit uncomfertable. i was also glad they had a mini fridge and its emty so you can stock it up with stuff you buy which turned out to be great because all the little liquer bottles that usually take up the room were out of the way, so we got cheap water a snacks from the times squere walgreens :-) Still i loved it and it was a great experiance!	
Jul 4 2009 	The Best Service EverProfesionalsFrindlinesscleanloation	your staff very profesional,and very informative,Gentelman in front desk Super Nice.	
Jul 3 2009 	So much fun!	This hotel has the best pool party ever! I would recommend this to everyone. Make sure you make reservations for the pool party/club because it fills up fast. I celebrated my birthday here, rented a room and had friends come meet me for the pool party. It was great, so much fun! Bring you bathing suit!!!!! The room was expensive but for the location and the atmosphere it was worth it. I would do this again :)	
Jul 2 2009 	Good location at a young-party-time hotel	Good service, clean, rooms were a bit run down and quite small, tv service low quality, not good ventilation for toilet!!Rather a small place for young people at a high price. Breakfast very limited and boring if you spend more than 2 nights.Will I come back? just if prices come down and really want to party hard in its lobby-bar-pool!!	
Jul 2 2009 	very stylish small hotel	very clean, and stylishbut pool and other places were much smaller than it looks on the website lots of gay people... right next to time square so easy to do out at night	
Jul 1 2009 	comfortable practical central	Room Mate Grace sits half a block from Times Square so can be considered central for many people's purposes in Manhattan. The rethink of the traditional room layout is refreshing and it certainly did not feel small or cramped for one person or a couple; cosy but with plenty of room for everything. Everything was nice and clean. Didn't get time for the pool and bar but that looked modern and attractive. Some people like big standard rooms in New York and when you see such hotels, I have found them to be foisty, frumpy and in disrepair. Hotels such as RMG are hopefully an example of old capitals which rely too heavily on the sights such as NYC, London, Paris etc hotels reaslising how much better quality and a fresher image customers are experiencing elsewhere, such as Barcelona, Buenos Aires, Scandinavia...	
Jun 29 2009 	Superb stay at Grace	Really nice hotel, always clean. The drain in the shower was blocked on the first day, but it was repaired fast. The staff is always pleased to help and nice with us.The pool is great, but there is often private partys on evenings with lots of people in the pool. So if you want to relax in the pool it's better in the morning or late afternoon, but you can also join the party in the pool ;) Breakfast are really good.So close to Time Square! Really convenient.Would definitively go back!	
Jun 29 2009 	Great value and location	Conveniently located just off of Times Square with an incredible breakfast every morning (really cool coffee maker). The staff were very friendly and helpful. The pool was an interesting feature with a swim up bar. The steam and dry heat rooms were a nice touch. The room was on the smallish side but very comfortable - I liked the walk in shower. My only real complaint about the facility was the wireless internet access was spotty at best. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great for quick stay in city	The hotel was great for me &amp; my sister during a quick NYC visit...we were in town to do some shopping &amp; yoga in Times Square for summer solstice. Located right in Times Square which was perfect for us &amp; only about a 12 block walk to Penn Station. Subway located only a few blocks away. Rooms were small but clean with retro decor. Staff seemed very friendly &amp; the breakfast was a small but good selection of coffee, fruit, cereal &amp; fantastic bagels. Highly recommended.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent location small room extremely scarce shelf space excellent service	My husband and I just came back from NY. We wanted to stay near Times Square and the Room Mate Grace Hotel was just perfect for our location requirementes. It is on 45th street, between 6th and 7th Ave, just half a block from the Times Square area. The hotel is very cool/hip and modern, and it draws different type of crowds (mostly couples and families). At night time, there are parties at the pool that seem to draw singles.We enjoyed our stay at the Room Mate Grace, however, we think they should redesign their rooms! Besides being quite small, which is common in NY, the shelf space they provide is ridiculous! If you´re planning on staying for more than three days (we stayed for a week) and bring a whole lot of clothes: beware you´ll need to use your suitcase as closet.On the other hand, you must know that the fitness room is very, very small and there are only two bicicles to use. Better think of going out for a jog or a walk.In any case, we found the staff to be quite helpful and accomodating. Breakfast was included and I must say that it was quite good: fresh fruit, fresh bread, etc. Overall we thought it was a very good hotel and if you´re planning on staying in Midtown, this is an excellent choice.	
Jun 25 2009 	Wonderful holiday	Very nice hotel. Small but clean, near Time Square in the heart of Manhattan. The rooms are not that great, but always clean and comfortable. The pool is very nice and the staff is very kind and attentive to guests. I recommend this hotel to all	
Jun 19 2009 	let's just say an 'interesting' choice for accommodation	We've literally just returned from New York City from a 5 day trip where we stayed at Room Mate, Grace. Literally right in the heart of Times Square, nestled in between 2 Irish Pubs on a very busy and bustling street. Great location as you are in the thick of the hive of activity that is Times Square and Broadway. Firstly I've got to say, forget about the pictures on their website as the rooms in reality are perhaps not as 'plush' as the impression you are given when you see those pictures. We initially had booked a standard room, we were given an upgrade! but the upgraded room was 'cosy', i.e. small, so I would have loved to see the size of the 'standard' we had originally booked. Double bed, sort of up on a height, you''vve got to climb up to it. Open bathroom, i.e. no door. Large good shower and toilet, clean towels. all fine. No baths. Open closet for hanging clothes. A TV. That's basically it. An Iron and a hairdryer. No tea/coffee, no minibar (drinks at reception, expensive!!) Room was clean, it was fine for us as we were out and about all day every day. Noisy air conditioning and noisy if you open the window. Hotel is 70's retro style. Pool/bar area is lively, they hold parties every wed night. If you want some quite make sure you ask for a room up high, we stayed on the 9th floor and couldn't hear a thing, it was perfect. Brekkie included in the price (which is rare) - croissants, pastries, cereals, bagels, toast, fruit, yoghurt, hard boiled egg and juices. It was fine for starting the day. Internet access available for $5 for 30 mins.Just to let you know - at least 5 amounts of tax added to our bill, occupancy tax, unit tax, state tax......... its standard. and the drinks are expensive! Its classed as 3.5 stars, I'm not sure about this. it's great for location, its clean, staff are fine. I would recommend it as your are in New York, you are not going to be spending huge amounts of time in the hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	great deal - lots of amenities	I stayed at Room Mate Grace, NYC midtown from 5-31-09 to 6-6-09. I have no complaints. I paid $1460 for RT flight from San Francisco (SFO) to JFK plus seven nights at RMG. Great location -- very near Times Square/theatre district. Great free breakfast buffet -- yogurt, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, bagels, mini-croissants, raspberries, blueberries, apples, oranges, coffee and a great lattes from the self-serve latte machine. I took a bagel and fruit with me for lunch, making it a free breakfast and lunch. The hosts/hotel employees were nice and accommodating. The only service I received directly was getting help with my bags to my room on the 10th floor, where I gave my only tip, $2.00. The pool and sauna were wonderful, when it wasn't party night. The pool is open to non-guests after 5pm and organized parties (of non-guests) for a fee. This was not a big problem except for when they wanted to close the sauna one night. I arrived before the party, which started at 10pm, and was able to swim. The steam room has a slippery floor so I would exercise caution if you use it. Music at the pool area is much louder during parties, but lower otherwise, which I prefer.The decor was strange. The hotel's wallpaper is a striking bright orange with a floral pattern. The lighting throughout RMG is dim/low. It's hard to see the buttons in the elevator due to the low lighting. My room was also designed in a trendy way. The wallpaper is similarly strange and there's this hilarious double-teardrop light fixture that you'll have to see to believe. Another strange thing is the 'bench board' surrounding the bed, which I didn't like, but got used to. The thing about trendy design is that you should do a makeover every two years. RMG is due.One irritation I’d like to mention is the television. This small non-HD flat screen, attached to the wall at the foot of the bed was attached to the wall too low. You have to put a bunch pillows behind your back to view it as you lay in bed. The tv needs to be higher on the wall to make it comfortable for you to lay in bed and view. Also, it should have a swivel hinge for when you are out of bed, not to mention the ridiculous remote/channel finding system on-screen. The room had two sets of double-paned windows, which actually opened about 5&quot; on each side. The fresh air was nice. Otherwise, the AC works well, though the fan is a bit noisy. I did not use the WiFi so I cannot comment on it. The small lobby has an ATM and computer/internet rental, but I went to the main library to check my email -- for free -- once during the week.Do get an unlimited Metro pass. Mine was $25 for one week. It's extremely convenient and a great deal. I did not take one cab while in town. The metro -- subway and bus lines -- was fabulous! I highly recommend RMG Hotel as a base for your trip.	
Jun 16 2009 	Home away from home	This was possibly our best hotel experience *ever*. The rooms are quiet, and the bed and beddings are incredibly comfortable. The location is prime--a few blocks away from the subway station and a number of broadway theaters. The staff was friendly, helpful and courteous. The best part was the complimentary breakfast--fresh raspberries and blueberries, plain yogurt, a variety of cereals and baked goods, and an espresso machine! It made for a very civilized and pleasant way to start each day. We hope you don't change a thing! Roommate Grace would be our first choice the next time we come to New York!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location and value!	We'd highly recommend this hotel! We paid $210/night for the petite room, but were lucky and got upgraded to a suite. The room was nice (they're small in NYC, but it was cool); the hotel in general is very hip. It's a newer hotel and totally redone. Breakfast is good, and its included, as is the free WiFi in your room (they charge you for use of the computer in the lobby). The hotel has a little, but nice (and open 24 hours) hotel pool with swim up bar, steam room, sauna, etc. It looked like a real party scene at night. Hotel staff were super nice. Excellent location in Times Square area (Midtown Manhattan). Cool Irish pub nearby. Not one complaint. Great experience.	
Jun 15 2009 	Customer Service - A+	I stumbled upon this hotel through a colleague reference. The hotel was a great value, especially for being right on times sqaure. The rooms where quant and comfortable. The wireless internet is included with the room, so you don't have to worry about dropping another $20 for internet. The customer service was excellent. I was allowed to check-in early and check-out just a little late. The front desk always had all the answers to my questions - with a smile I might add. I will recommend this hotel to family/friends in the future.	
Jun 14 2009	Great fun!	Cool location and nice hotel. Service a little slow and not overly friendly but otherwise a great place. Breakfast is excellent. Nice rooms and the pool is lots of fun. I would stay there again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Raising the bar lowering the price	Great location, stylish, excellent service. Definitely not your avearge hotel. Double layer double glaze windows - no noise from street at all. It was fun watching the times sq lights reflecting in nearby buildings. This place is connected with the modern world. No hassle free wifi, and ihome, great decor. I will definitely return on a future visit to NY.	
Jun 5 2009	A Fantastic Hotel 10 out of 10!!	I stayed in this fantastic hotel from the 23rd - 29th May 2009 with my mother. We have been to New York several times and always stayed in a different hotel, this was definately the best! The staff were very friendly and always happy to help us, our room was always very clean and we had plenty of space in our standard sized room (even with all of our shopping!) The location is brilliant, literally a 2 minute walk from the centre of times square! The complementary breakfast was lovely and the pool and bar were lots of fun! The hotel is very lively on an evening; however we never heard and noise at night and slept soundly in the very comfy bed! I would definately recommend this hotel and would love to stay there again!	
Jun 4 2009	Fantastic location - great find	I stayed from 23 May to 29 May with my daughter. The location was great, just steps away from Times Square. We have stayed many times in different hotels in New York and this was definitely one of the best. Bearing in mind all rooms in New York are small we were prepared for something tiny as we could only book a petite room. We were pleasantly surprised that our room was not small at all (later confirmed we had been upgraded to a standard). The layout is fantastic and there was clever use of space to store luggage (under bed and settee), the walk in shower was really good and the bed was so comfy. There is also a storage compartment for clothes and contains an iron, ironing board and fridge which can be stocked from the kiosk in reception. There is also an Ipod dock and flatscreen tv on the wall. If like us you do not send much time in your room the only concerns really are a comfortable bed and a decent size bathroom, both of which is true at this hotel. The bar and pool are very lively at night so would not recommend staying in the lower floors, we were on the 13th floor and never heard a thing during the night. The breakfast was very good and the surroundings are very nice. All the staff were very friendly and the hotel is spotlessly clean. The only point worth mentioning is that the pool is very overlooked by the bar and hotel and not for the faint-hearted, this also turns into a night club later on and is very lively, when entering the hotel late at night it was quite intimidating, but once in the lift and in our room everything was okay.Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Terrible Experience. disappointment.	We spent 7 nights at the hotel from May 22 to May 29 and was an unpleasant experience. First of all its important to advise that the rooms are veeeeeeeeeeery small for a couple or more. Maybe the size of room could be okay for a one person. The hotel is very clean and cool but the service is not too good. We had a problem with phone calls. By a mistake the hotel did not recognize the dial inn access number of a pre paid card bought by us at Duane Reade and they wanted to charge us in US$ 280. After long discussions they discovered that the dial number was a free number and reconsider the charge of fees. In the last night one more disappointment....my Minnie Mouse Plush that was acquired in our stay in Orlando at Disney Resorts disappeared from my room. The front desk promised to try to find it but I believe that we will never see my plush again as we will not stay in this hotel again once return to NYC.	
Jun 1 2009 	i wanted to move in	my partner and i live in nyc and checked in to celebrate our birthdays (same day - the 28th) ... we had several friends meet us at the lounge that evening and it was great. the website stated that there were $7 martinis but the bar tender told us that that was old information - his boss? came and spoke to our party and said that we could all have a round at that price, which was very nice! i have been to the lounge a few times for different events but this was my first over night stay and my partner and i had a great time and a great birthday!!	
May 28 2009 	Second time there still great!	In april 08 and may 09 I stayed with my girlfriend in this hotel. We will come back there everytime. Nice service, situated perfectly and very nice rooms!	
May 27 2009 	Absolutely fantastic wish we could have stayed longer!	What an amazing place, a pool, sauna and steam room with a huge projection TV and delicious cocktails served to you in the pool! Every one of the staff was so friendly and helpful - even when you were just in the lift with them they asked how your stay was going and said to shout if you needed anything at all - amazing!The room was beautiful and the bed was huge and so comfy! The location was fab and convenient.As with everything in NYC these days the cocktails were expensive ($15) but absolutely worth it as they were delish and served in the pool. The breakfast was delicious, lots of choice and really good food. All in all, I would recommend this place to everyone, even if it's just for 1 night! I can't wait to go back!!	
May 25 2009 	fascinating concept!	A small and well appointed hotel in the bull's eye of New York City - 12 steps from Times Sqare and everything that happens there. This hotel had wonderful beds - among the best I have slept in. Also - the breakfast is fantastic - the service professional. Dont stay on the 3 lowest floors because of noise from the swiming pool in the reception area.	
May 21 2009 	it is pretty sad when the best thing about a hotel is the maintenance-guy	Unfortunately, the best thing about this hotel was the maintenance guy &quot;Mike&quot;. He was the only helpful person we came across during our stay. When we had probs with our in-room movie, Mike went above &amp; beyond. Athough he wasn't able to get it working, he did swing us an &quot;upgraded&quot; room. Front desk staffers were nice but incompetent. No one seemed able to make a simple dinner reservation. Nor did they follow thru with our requests (it was only on our 2nd nite of requests did anyone come up to check our entertainment system). I should mention that the continental breakfast was decent enough (the only thing that exceeded expectations) - great latte machine (very important to me) &amp; croissants, as well as yogourt &amp; fresh fruit, home-made muffins (too few though), hard-boiled eggs, sliced (processed) cheese &amp; ham.Pool looked cool online, but it turned out to be dark (like everything else in this place) &amp; kinda creepy. Pets welcome? Yuck.For the money, I was disappointed. For less, it would probably pass for &quot;comfortable&quot; but &quot;no frills&quot;.	
May 20 2009 	the best deal in town	I just came back from a few days in New York with my husband. We booked at the Grace, because your reviews were good and you were right!!! This hotel is right in the middle of the city; a few steps from Times Square , all the restaurants and the boutiques and the theaters. It's easy to get anywhere in no time(plenty of subway lines nearby). The place is clean. The breakfast ismore than adequate(fresh fruits, bagels, cereals,and...capuccinos mmmmmmmmm)Eventhough it is a small room we found there was enough space to move around. I think the best part of New York is not the hotel but everything else this city has to offer. I strongly recommend this place and would cer tainly go back.	
May 19 2009 	Cool decor 	First of let me start off by saying that I love the design and vibe of this hotel. My hat is off to the creative team who came up with design ideas that just kept me mesmorized as I walked around the hotel.Lobby: Cool and lots of orange. Giant aerial photograph of Manhatten on wall, view into the pool area and neat little check-in, which I was told also doubles as &quot;your room's mini-bar&quot;. Magazines, drinks and snacks were all available for purchase at the desk.I arrived early, room was not ready yet, but Christian stored my bag for the day. When I returned around 6:00 p.m. I was quickly given my room key. As soon as I got off the elevator I realized I had been given a smoking room, but a call to the desk quickly fixed this. Do hotels no longer ask at check in if guests prefer smoking or non?My room was 1201, which I paid $120 for on Hotwire.com. I immediately dropped my bag and took the next 30 minutes just exploring the various features of the room. It is truly a unique design with some really good ideas, although from a building perspective some ideas just seemed impractical.The shower (there is no tub as other reviewer's have stated) had no light. Even with the light over the vanity and light in the toilet area on it was still quite dark. The shower drain worked slowly and, due to the design of the bathroom, the water flowed into the vanity area and the toilet area. This meant that for the remainder of the evening to use the toilet one had to cross the wet floor of the shower.The wood trim around the base of the toilet room and on the pocket door also seemed to suffer water damage due to the design of the shower area.The toiletries were, again, unique. However, when I tried to use any of the products, the liquid inside just does not flow out. The bottles are impossible to squeeze due to the design and shape of the bottles.I really liked the idea of the dimmer on the bathroom light. This doubled as a night light in the evening. As another reviewer has stated, there is very little water pressure in the shower. The shower head looks great, but again, the design stops short of actually being pratical.The sliding glass door was also a nice touch. Too bad a security device stops the door after it only opens an inch. This renders the balcony outside unusable, which I guess was the idea in the first place.There is a fridge and safe in the room.The air conditioning, although good, is very loud. Not loud in a mechanical way, but loud in a massive wind turbine way. The a/c is powerful, but maybe the fan is just a little too powerful. The complimentary apples in the room were a nice touch, as was the daily and forcasted weather card on the bed. Nice clock radio/ iPod docking station.The platform bed was cool and practical. What a great way to enlarge a typically small NYC hotel room. Loads of luggage storage under the bed, and this is where the room's built in DVD player is also built in.The bed was very soft and comfortable.Many reviewers have complained about the breakfast. Since this is a European hotel, I found the breakfast in keeping with exactly what one would find when traveling in Europe. Great espresso machine, juice, yogurt and fruit to make muslii, bread for toast and bagels. There was also cold cuts and cheese. I thought it was quite a nice touch and free, which in NYC is always welcome. The breakfast crew did a great job stocking things up, cleaning, and generally keeping things moving. Again, the design of the breakfast room is amazing, overlooking the pool and skylights letting in natural light. Some of the seating makes it difficult to eat without making a mess.The pool area is the center piece of this hotel. Located 1/2 way between the first and second floor, it is visible from the lobby (even street), breakfast room, bar, and steam rooms. It doubles as a bar, lounge, sports bar (with a big screen projection on the wall above the pool showing sporting events). The stadium seating area in the pool area is comfortably equipped with cushions and other lounge chairs.In short, this is a hotel that one just has to experience to truly appreciate it's unique nature and charm.	
May 17 2009 	Hipster Hotel in bustling Midtown	Highly recommended for those looking for great location, rates and scenester feel. Though small, the rooms are attractive and comfortable. The hotel is simply cool and perfect for short trips to the heart of the city. Breakfast was tasty but always crowded. Nightlife is hopping even on a Monday. Most staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Will stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	small but good	The hotel is compact. Its got a lot in the small space it has. Beds were comfy. The room was comfortable with good features, ipod dock, fridge, heat control. Not a great view from 4th floor, but its times square, didnt expect much more. It was not super clean. The blanket and duvet looked a bit suspect and there was also some untreated water damage around the bathroom. But over all it was a fun and comfortable place to stay.	
May 7 2009 	Was nice	Overall the hotel was ok. There was enough space (bed, toilette, shower), exept in the breakfast room, some people had to wait until they found a table and also at the breakfast-buffet, you could hardly turn around, but the food was good. We arrived on saturday and stayed for 1 week. On these 7 nights we could hear the music from the bar and party on the first floor until 2 o´clock in the morning (we were on the third floor). The other disappointing issue was that we payed for a shuttle to bring us to the airport, we waited 30 min and there was no shuttle.	
May 6 2009 	Hip Hotel without trying too hard	Great fun hotel! Tim at the front desk, as was everyone, was friendly and helpful. Great place for the younger hip set that doesn't feel like your staying in your Aunty Rose's house (Marriott style)!!!!!!! Perfect location--few steps off Times Square. Just make sure your room isn't above the pool bar if you plan to sleep in~~	
May 6 2009 	Great price fantastic location friendly staff	you cant get any nearer to Times Sq than this hotel, the room is small but luggage can be tucked under the platform bed, room was clean and bed ultra comfortable, love the rain shower. Staff were friendly and helpful, breakfast is small but good enough. Music was loud but once you're in the room you cant hear them. Above all, the price is reasonable.Will definitely come back...	
May 5 2009 	promising a lot but it's quite different in real	The room is very small, actually too small for the price you pay. They're no chairs in de room or a small to write on. The bed takes all space. Not enough space to hang/space your clothes. Bathroom is ok, but the shower is terrible: there's hardly any waterpressure with the big showerhead. If not offering a bath, you should offer a good shower! This hotel offers a swimmingpool, sauna and steamroom. Many times we couldn't use it because all space was reserverd for a private party! No nice relaxation after a long day walking and shopping in NY. Breakfast was very nice, but there's hardly any space to sit! You have to wait long time for a table, of take a plate and take your breakfast to your room of sit by the pool! So I think they promise a lot, but it's a big dissapointment in real. I think I paid too much!	
May 4 2009 	Room Mate Grace was Fabulous	Perfect location, courteous and friendly staff, our room was very clean, kind of small but very well appointed, love the Eurpoean vibe of the hotel, breakfast was wonderful.	
May 3 2009 	Great Location Tiny Room Funky Place	I frequent the city, so I am accustomed to the smaller than average room sizes. This, however, was a small room (even after I upgraded). The rooms are appointed OK. Internet was flaky. The lobby is cool. I did not care for the Monday night pool party activities. Other nights were fine. Location and price were terrific. Few bars and restaurants next door, but Times Square is just around the corner. The gym was a joke - but Central Park is close enough for a great run. I would recommend for someone that does not plan to be in the room and looking for a place to stay close to Times Square. If you need to conduct business or require more than just a bed in the room, you may want to consider some others in the area.	
May 2 2009 	Great room at reasonable price. At this level you can't find a better room.	I love staying at this hotel and everything about this hotel. The room is nicely decorated and the layout of the room is excellent. Best of all, the mattress is ultra comfortable. I loved the nice feel of Egytian cotton and linen.The plus is free WIFI which is very useful. Soap and shampoo got nice packaging and smell lovely. This is a great no frill with a taste of luxury on top.If I go to NYC again, this is going to be my only hotel. Highly recommended!	
May 2 2009 	Better service in reception.	Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception. Better service in reception.	
Apr 30 2009 	a shoebox close to broadway	room was even smaller than described because the platfor for the bed took up 1/2 the room. There was a cushion in the shape of a couch at the foot of the platform facing away from the tv that no one could use. There was a single plastic chair and tiny table too small to eat at. Lighting was poor. Open shower with no curtain &amp; tiny pieces of soap &amp; shampoo. Not a 3 star as advertized.	
Apr 29 2009 	small room in funky hotel in great location	Hotel is basically in Times Square, which is a good location unless you want to avoid other tourists. Room was small but that's what I expected for NYC. Hotel itself is well-decorated and pool/bar is a unique touch (though very B&amp;T). Breakfast was good.Fitness center is only 2 bikes and I would never use the pool to swim laps (very likely that someone spilled a drink in there the previous night).We had spotty maid service but overall were happy with the hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	A good hotel at a good price	I appreciated the cleanliness of the room and, above all, the comfort of the bed - really first class. The petite room was really small but fine for my needs, and the bathroom was good. I liked the buffet breakfast set up. The staff were helpful, if a little overwhelmed at times by the number of guests requiring attention. The location, just off Times Square and a short walk to Fifth Avenue, was very handy. My only criticism would be the lighting in the room and particularly in the bathroom. Very, very dim and useless for putting on make-up! I would stay again but would specifically request better lighting.	
Apr 26 2009 	Living with Grace!	We liked this hotel, having a quite enough sized room with a comfy bed and nice staff! Though the hotel with its bar, saunas and pool is really trendy and cool, this did not disturb our night sleep (if we did not want it to). Great to, after a good night's sleep, be served a nice continental breakfast at the second floor.Great location, just by Time Square. The staff was really helpful and the maids really nice, so on and so forth.	
Apr 25 2009 	A club and a hotel	We had no idea that The Grace was a cool bar as well as a hotel. The pool attracts all kinds of record spinning nights from hip-hop, a tequila launch and a very gay disco. It was interesting to come back to the hotel late each night and find the downstairs bar and pool still busy. It added coolness to what was already a great trip. Don;t let this put you off - we rarely hung around for long... but the noise was nowhere to be felt upstairs in the rooms.The hotel itself is well laid out - with wet room showers and flat screen tvs etc etc. The breakfasts (included) were actually delicious croissants and bagels, as well as choice of cereals and plenty of fruit. The staff at the front desk (which is also a kiosk-style shop selling drinks and confectionary were all friendly and some were very hip New Yorkers who were very helpful.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent Stay -- Highly Recommended	We got a great deal on Travelzoo and couldn't resist. Clean, comfortable, good breakfast in the AM, quiet room, close to the heart of NYC. Pool, sauna and steam room was a perfect way to unwind after some chilly weather walking. A perfect stay.	
Apr 17 2009 	Trendy hotel very close to Times Square	My wife and I spent a weekend in NYC and enjoyed our stay at the Room Mate Grace. However, like most hotel rooms in NYC, it was fairly small. However, we expected that, so that was ok. It's less than a block off Times Square and is very near the TKTS booth, in case you are looking for cheap, same-day theater tickets. Rooms: As I mentioned, the rooms are small (and clean) but are fairly trendy - as is the rest of the hotel. The rooms have no bathtubs but a very nice tiled shower instead. The shower and toilet are adjacent (but separated by a wall) and both use the same sliding door. When the door covers the shower, it does not cover the toilet area and vice versa. The room also had a safe that was big enough for a laptop, a small refrigerator, an iPod-compatible radio and free WiFi. It also included a small flat screen TV, which was installed on the wall, so that you can watch TV in bed. Exercise Room: Very small but included an exercise bike and weights. There were also a few small TVs in the room, attached to machines. The room overlooks 45th street but the windows are shaded for privacy. The room also includes a water cooler.Food/Drink/Other: The hotel does not have a restaurant but they serve breakfast in an area dedicated for that. They serve coffee, toast/bagels, fruit, yogurt, etc. The front desk does sell a limited selection of snacks and drinks (including alcoholic drinks). There is a bar that is adjacent to the pool, which always appeared to be open. I think that you could even get a drink while in the pool. I didn't try out the pool or the bar but both looked nice. There was also a sauna/steam room just above the pool area. All in all, it was a very nice yet trendy hotel. Everything was very clean, which was great.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Enjoyed a four day visit to New York over the Easter weekend with my family, our stay was made all the better as an experience by our stay at the Room Mate Grace Hotel. Great location just off Times Square and within a few minutes stroll of 5th Avenue. Staff friendly and helpfull, maid service excellent. Rooms small by European standards for the price but comfortable non the less and efficiently laid out. The bed must be the most comfortable I ever slept and as a 48 year old with a bad back that's saying something. Breakfast was an added bonus, not extensive but enough choice to keep everyone happy. I would recommend the hotel to anyone, not cheap ($240/room/night) but in terms of New York prices well worth it.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel with near perfect location.	Loved my stay here, had a standard room which was a very big room for NY. Comfy beds, with great breakfast and free coffee all day. Pool area and Steam room were great after a busy day and sets you up nicely for the evening. Would defo recommend this hotel and for just over £100 a night at easter was pretty much a bargain for NY. Great trip and stay.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great value near Times Sq.	We stayed in a smoking room b/c there were no more non-smoking rooms, but it was not bad at all. Small but smartly decorated, modern rooms.	
Apr 4 2009 	Planning next trip already - definitely staying here!	I looked around forever to find a hotel for my short trip to NYC. I was going alone, so I knew I wanted something safe and near Times Square for the business. I showed up way before check-in. My bags were stored and they offered to take my cell number and call when the room was ready. Once I got into the room (before their guaranteed check in time), I was shocked - I thought they must have upgraded my petite room. (I checked at check out and it was indeed a petit room - just on a corner so it was a little larger.) I had a small dessert table with two chairs, as well as a huge bathroom. Yes, it was just one room with a toilet, large counter with sink, and two rainfall shower heads. Lots and lots of hot water and I encountered no problems with water pressure. The room had a thermostat so I could control my room temp (which I took advantage of!). The info book was helpful - local places (with menus) that they recommend (and that deliver to the hotel), hotel info, as well as TV info. The free wifi (get a code from the front desk) was fast and I had no problems with it. The in-room safe and small fridge was awesome and used with no problems. The small closet offered the safe and fridge, a small ironing board and iron, extra linens, a hair dryer, and a small set of plastic drawers for storage). The bed was...beyond words. I could have stayed in it all day. The under-the-bed storage was smart and easily used. The room was quiet (5th floor, room 501) and I was not bothered. Location is ideal if you want to be near the action, but away from the craziness of Times Square. Breakfast was awesome. Not the typical eggs/hashbrowns - instead they offered cereal and milk, bagels, bread, pastries, deli meat and cheese, orange juice, a huge coffee machine (I'm not a coffee drinker, but it looked impressive), fresh fruit (raspberries, blueberries, pears, oranges, bananas), and yogurt. I went later (between 9 and 10) and it wasn't too crowded. Monday night, the DJ was in the pool/bar area. While you could hear it when you walked in, I heard nothing once I was in the elevator. They do check for your room key when you're going upstairs, which I liked. Checking out was a breeze - they asked if I need my bags stored (yes, please!) and either a shuttle/car/cab to the airport. Everyone I encountered was polite, some more helpful than others, but no different than any other hotel. Only drawback that I found - the door/window to my &quot;balcony&quot; was drafty. Though, if I kept the curtains pulled, it was fine. I'm already dreaming of my next trip to the city, just so I can stay here.	
Apr 2 2009 	This was a great find!	This hotel is in a great location, 45th between 6 and 7th...perfect to everything. The breakfast was awesome and healthy, huge bowls and raspberries and blueberries, fresh yogurt and bagels, excellent coffee. The staff as very nice and friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and our was the largest with a bunk bed overhead and huge bathroom and shower. The only negative was the window was a porthole, overlooking a building and a pipe. It was everything we wanted for sleeping, breakfast and changing for the theater. Loved this hotel!	
Apr 1 2009 	Location Location Location!!!	We were at the Grace for 4 days and 3 nights. It is a nice little European style boutique hotel. The location is ideal. You are situated a half block from the action in Times Square. If you are a theatre buff, this location is ideal. A number of Broadway shows are on 45th, so you just have to cross 7th and you are there. The rest are one or two blocks in either direction. There are a couple cool pubs literally next door and a couple little market / cafe type places right there. The rooms are small but if you stay in NYC, you know what you are getting. It is basically a bed and a bathroom, but that was all we needed. The bed was great however the bathroom was a little odd. It has a rainfall shower head which is artsy but not functional. I am bald, so no worries, but my girlfriend could not wash her hair, so that might be an issue for some. No shower curtain either. The hotel itself is sparce but very cool. Nice look in the pool/function area. The DJ/bar/pool thing is rather quirky but made for great people watching. They allow people from the outside to pay a cover to party at the pool/bar. It gets pretty rockin' in there. I would recommend getting a higher floor to get away from the noise. The best &quot;deal&quot; is the continental breakfast. Food in NYC can be pricey so to have a free breakfast and a very nice selection of foods in the morning is cool. Pretty nice espresso and cappuccino machine, too. It is open late, too...11 am during the week and noon on the weekends. They have a gym, but it is VERY small. 2 exercise bikes, some hand weights (5 to 25 lbs), excercise bands and balls. I got a decent little workout in, but not what I would typically like. They do have some vouchers for something off a daily admission to Gold's Gym up in MIdtown. The staff was very friendly and we just had an awesome experience. I would say if your goal is to just have a place to crash and refresh, this is your place.	
Mar 31 2009 	Freaky Weird Fun!!!	What an oddball of a hotel. In fact, it's even kinda weird to refer to this place as a hotel, as it's part night spot, part people watching place, part mini-mart, and part hotel.Arrived after getting a good rate on a pre-pay a couple days before I left Indiana. Hotel is VERY near Times Square and has lots of lovable features:-Mini-fridge and in-room safe (fridge is CLEAR and safe is candy apple red!)-My room featured sleeping quarters for 4, with 2 sets of plush bunk beds, and EACH having it's own separate television that could literally be pulled up on a wall mount until it was inches from your face as you lie in bed. Yes, there were FOUR separate tv's in my room.-Rainfall showerheads, and separate room with toilet.-Included continental breakfast is FANTASTIC!!!! Fresh croissants, ham and cheese, blueberries and raspberries, cereals, yogurt, OJ (not the murderer, but the juice!), and a good selection of breads.-Included is a top-of-the-line cappacino machine that you'd find at Williams-Sonoma stores for probably $2,000.00. Free lattes, espressos, etc are included in the free breakfast.-Awesome steam room, tiny but fun pool, with little workout room and sauna.-Gotta love the free internet!!!Among the few negatives at this hotel:-Breakfast room gets VERY crowded with insufficient seating.-Lighting in hallways of hotel is VERY dim. Actually hard to see and a bit depressing in hallways, to be quite honest!-Because of how tv's are set up, actually difficult in some rooms to watch tv together.-Staff is friendly, but somewhat aloof unless you're going out of your way to engage them in conversation.The next comment is NOT a criticism, but merely an observation. Hotel caters to a fair amount of gay couples and international tourists. Again, not a criticism! Just as a frequent traveler, this is the kind of stuff I know some people would be interested to know as they plan trips. Never did that make me feel funny or uncomfortable, it just is what it is.I'd be more than happy to stay here again in the future provided rates are again reasonable. LOTS of character and uniqueness that makes it a memorable experience worth giving a try!	
Mar 26 2009 	I never stay in any other hotel but this one in NYC.	This hotel is like a vacation unto itself -- it's hard to tear yourself away to walk outside it's doors; and yet, when you do, you're in the heart of Times Square and two blocks from all the Broadway theaters. This place is fun, fun, fun.	
Mar 25 2009 	Cool convenience with a pool!	My partner and I decided to treat ourselves last year and have a trip to New York, but on a budget obviously! This Hotel was very conveniently situated right next to Times Square, within walking distance of so many sight and sounds, yet managed to retain a sense of calm and tranquility. I think the triple glazing helped...The room was fairly large, with the bed on a platform thing which offered amazing views of the city when you woke up. Shower was excellent, huge mirror on the wall, lots of amibient lighting and controllable air-conditioning - bliss! Breakfast was generous (you must have the bagels!) and relaxed. We tried the pool out after a day out in the heat and it was very nice, a bit short for proper swimming but good for a chillout - especially with a bar next to it! The sauna is good, and all the fittings are very chic. The gym is very small but the equipment is modern and seemed in good order. The hotel reception staff were really helpful too.All in all it was a great place to stay and we would thoroughly recommend it to our friends and family!	
Mar 24 2009 	Grace...Great Value 	The Grace offers an excellent value in cleanliness, service &amp; ambiance, right off of Times Square. The styling is 'mod' and romantic. The hotel's personnel are very friendly and helpful, with your comfort their top priority. The rooms, while small, are very comfortable and clean (and afforable). Very near the center of Times Square, the hotel is surprisingly quiet at night, yet it also is somewhat of a hot spot, with a very stylish poolside bar on the ground floor that attracts both hotel guests and locals alike. Right next door are the Perfect Pint and Connely's which is a quant Irish Pub with excellent food and drink.There is a Starbuck's midway down the block toward Times Square on the opposite side of 45th.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay near Times Square on business of a romantic getaway to Manhattan.	
Mar 24 2009 	An oasis of calm and comfort	Location could not be better-a block from Times Square, 3 blocks from a major subway stop (W 42nd St), close to countless restaurants (I highly recommend Becco on restaurant row), and the theatres. Just a short walk to so much-from 5th Ave shopping to MoMA. Lovely breakfast included each day. Fresh fruit, ihome in room along with small refrigerator and safe. Spotlessly clean with none of those cleaning odors that plague hotels. European in style so, small room-ours was long and narrow. Utterly comfortable king bed with duvet and high quality linens. Ledge ran around bed, with flat panel TV that was wall mounted. All lights were wall mounted. Floor to ceiling mirror that slid to cover WC or shower (which was large and tiled with rainfall shower head). Small table and chair and reading &quot;nook&quot; near bed. Room very well planned to take advantage of space available. Full array of toiletries-I loved the orange shower gel. The staff was uniformly friendly, informative and accommodating, and helped to make our long weekend in NYC a pleasant one (letting us check in early, holding our bags on our last day, getting us a cab in an instant-in the rain). Our room would not accommodate a family and would not be suitable for the elderly or handicapped. For us, it was an oasis of calm and comfort and we plan to return.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great find terrific staff	A real find--just quirky enough to be memorable while still comfortable. Pros:1. The desk staff can't be beat--very helpful and friendly, willing to do room switches and otherwise work with guests.2. Downstairs pool with swim-up bar. Quite the happening spot weekend nights, but in the morning, the pool is quiet, dimly lit with red and blue lighting and new age-y music--a very relaxing place to take your breakfast and sit by the water. (The pool is shallow, and more for wading and sitting--not a lap pool at all!)3. The free breakfast is outstanding--very high-quality and filling, including a cappucino/espresso machine. Great pastries, ham and cheese selection to make bagel/croissant sandwiches, fruit, eggs, etc.4. Platform beds are extremely comfortable, with top-quality sheets and comforters.Cons:1. Some rooms, while otherwise very nice, have no bathroom doors (a relic of single-occupancy hostel origins?) which is a bit jarring if you're traveling with someone. So if that's important for you, specify a bathroom door when you book (if not, the staff is happy to switch your room for you upon arrival).2. The shower pressure on the 8th floor was barely adequate, and on the 12th floor was literally a bare trickle out of the showerhead--disappointing in light of the cool new rainfall-style showers. When you book, ask about this--lower floors might have better pressure.3. The bar/swimming area gets noisy weekend nights, but a room above the 4th floor gets you away from that noise (and ask for a room away from the street if noise is an issue for you--remember, this is Times Square!).Despite the minor gripes above, we really enjoyed our time here and would happily return for our next NY trip!	
Mar 22 2009 	Modern central haven	We stayed in room 1305; it was a deluxe room over-looking 45th street. Room was always clean and well made. Other than the sirens of New York, it was very quiet.Breakfast was a continental style, with efficient staff so there was never any shortage. Occasionally the breakfast room was a little over-crowded however you could escape this and sit by the pool to enjoy your breakfast.Location is excellent, 30 seconds until you are on Times Square. However you need to move away from this area to eat, the Meat Packing District, Soho, Greenwich Village and even over in Brooklyn (try the first stop on the subway L line for uber trendy Williamsburg for bars and eateries) offer you a different, cheaper side of New York.	
Mar 21 2009 	the best bed I've ever slept on	I recently spent 2 nights at Grace. I was very happy with the design and style of the hotel. The pool area is very nice and clean. The staff were all nice as well. We stayed in one of the smallest rooms, but the style of the room made up for the size.The bed and sheets were probably the best I've ever laid on. Mind blowing.Even though it's only a few steps from Times Square, the room was still quiet and wasn't light-polluted. We stayed for St. Patricks day, and even though the streets were full and crowded with two bars next door, our room was perfectly quiet.My only complaint is that the staff are a little slow on looking things up for you. I probably could have done it faster myself if I had a computer.	
Mar 20 2009 	Nice Hotel and fantastic breakfast	We stayed at the grace hotel for 6 nights. I spent a lot of time looking at hotels and the main factor was price for us. We really enjoyed our stay, but it is definately for younger people as it has a party atmosphere at night and young people in the pool and bar. Good points are that the breakfast was free and very frseh and a great choice. The rooms were very clean and a good size for new york.. The location was great, just off times square. We were initially concerned about noise but we heard nothing in our 11th floor room.The not so good points are that i felt the room was slightly bare and didnt have a cosy feel about it but saying that, we were hardly there, we literally only slept there.At breakfast there wasnt enough seats for everyone so was a little cramped but just get their early and you will be fine.The bathroom was within the room which i have never seen before but was actually o.k for a couple but may be harder for people sharing who are not a couple. Overall if you are young and like a trendy clean hotel the Grace is perfect, but if you like a more homely boutique old style hotel, i wouldnt recommend it. Overall we enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 18 2009 	Trendy hotel in great mid-town location!	I have stayed at this hotel twice. Great hotel and great location to Time Square. Music can get loud at night...request floor 5 and up to be on the safe side. Dont be on Floor 3. The breakfast is free and healthy too. Coffee is good + espresso machine. I have found the employees to be very nice and accomodating. Cool and Trendy hotel. For a good irish beer and food...visit the two irish pubs next door!Dave (Lynchburg, VA)	
Mar 18 2009	terrific location	I stayed here for one night on a hotwire rate ($109). The hotel is superbly located if you're in town for theatre (which I was). It's tucked back far enough on 45th from Times Square that there wasn't that much noise from the street, and I slept soundly without earplugs. The room is small but efficiently designed. Mattress very comfortable. Towels good, sheets excellent, and everything was very clean. The front-desk staff were helpful and kind when I needed them. I would stay here again on short trips because of the location and the value.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great hotel I would stay here again.	Beautiful pool, nice decor, wonderful bed. I have nothing but good things to say about the Room Mate Grace.	
Mar 18 2009 	great service and location	We had a wonderful stay in NY. Staff was friendly and helpful from the desk staff to the bartender. Rooms were efficientl;y designed with comfy bed. The breakfast was a notch above standard continental fare. Special rates were an incredible deal especially for the location	
Mar 13 2009 	Cutetrendy great location.	Stayed for four days In March- thoroughly enjoyed the ambience and style of the place. Location fab. An ideal place for a short sight seeing break. Breakfast fine, nice coffee.	
Mar 11 2009 	cute and modern super small rooms	The hotel was very cute , well decorated. Nice staff. Great free continental breakfast (better than your usual free fare). Cool bar and pool area. At night the pool/bar was super busy and loud but surprisingly the sound didn't travel towards our room on the 4th floor which was super quiet. Our only complaint was that the room was unusually small (even for NY standards) and there was no place to really put anything (we kept having to use the bed as a table). Decent hotel for the price if you can get it for a discount (not full price). Location was pretty good and just a few blocks away from mid town shopping and the Center.	
Mar 10 2009 	We read wonderful reviews and expected more	We book our hotels through Hotwires and usually have great deals: a 4 star hotel for a fraction of a price. Maybe we are spoiled. This hotel has decent rooms, very well ergonomically organized, comfortable bed, big shower with a huge shower head. Unfortunately the water pressure was so week that it was hard to wash off the soap. The hotel serves breakfast which is unusual in New York. But the quality of produce is very low: damp cereal and American cheese. We paid almost $200 with taxes and could have found a much better deal for the money. We are not coming back.	
Mar 6 2009 	great option for location 	My boyfriend and I stayed here for Valentine's Day for a &quot;night out&quot; in the city. We really loved the pool/nightclub area - very unique! The rooms were very clean - although small. For the price and being in the heart of the city I would def recommend it!	
Mar 4 2009 	Perfect Location Cool Vibe Affordable for NYC	Stayed at Hotel Grace on Saturday, 2/28. Had read about the &quot;bunk beds&quot; in the Amtrak travel magazine and figured (since the price $300 was reasonable for NYC) it would make for a fun story. The hotel surpassed our expectations! The hotel public spaces have a dark (yet safe) clubby vibe. It's like stepping through the looking glass and into a swanky, yet comfortable club. Case in point, the first 3 floors of the hotel are built around a central, indoor swimming pool and a mix of brightly colored furnishings and steam-room style, millwork wooden ceilings. Our room was clean and functional. It was laid out as a corridor. With a toilet and shower area (two separate spaces - super convenient) down one end of the hall; a sink, glass wine fridge, and counter area in the center; and then the bedroom at the other end. Our room even had a little dining area. Our room had bunk bed, which were less novelty and more functional. The bottom bunk was a queen size bed - very comfortable. The top bunk was a twin - also comfortable. Very secure. The linens were decent quality. This was far from the hostel or college bunk environment that I feared ;) At night on the weekends, the hotel turns sort of night clubby - with 20-somethings frequenting the hotel bar and swimming pool - which has a swim-up bar. It was definitely for the early to mid-20's set. The bar prices were very high, but that's NYC! The free breakfast was your standard continental fare.Our only snag was upon check-in, the registration desk staff could have been friendlier (they seemed inauthentic in an overly scripted, detached manner). The rest of the hotel staff (bartenders, housekeeping, and the morning breakfast staff) could not have been friendlier and more accomodating. Case in point, at one point, a housekeeper was retrieving supplies from a closet and the door partially blocked the hallway that we were trying to pass through. Instead of stepping out of the wall, closing the closet and waiting for us to pass - she literally closed herself in the closet to ensure that she didn't cause us a delay! A bit overboard, but she was very sweet! It was just the front desk staff that seemed cold, bored, and annoyed by the guests' existence.	
Mar 4 2009 	Something Different in NYC	Cool check in, bar/swimming pool with a great breakfast. Sunken bar with pool is chic. Rooms are small but with interesting lay outs that make up for lack of space. First room had no door on the bathroom-OK for a single but not for two people. Halls are dark and kind of spooky. Staff is great. Breakfast is well done-again in a cozy dining area. Place has a European flair that allows it to stand out in a crowded space.	
Mar 3 2009 	lovely room and unique amenities	I used to live in New York City (the Bronx), but now come back to visit. I always look for a hotel in midtown Manhattan. I have stayed at several over the past year, but Grace Room Mate Hotels gets my vote. It is clean and neat. It was reasonably priced considering how expensive it can be to stay in New York City. I loved the platform bed! With complementary breakfast and a pool in the lobby, Grace is trendy, chic, and unique. I will stay there on my next visit.	
Mar 3 2009 	Small room difficult bed never again!	We were staying in NY for just 1 night so we thought we would try a different hotel than we normally do. Room Mate had an internet special going on for $165 a night which included an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a deluxe room. We checked in with no problem and went up to our room. I was shocked by how small the room was but that was the least of our problems. We had requested a king size bed as both my wife and I are over 6 feet tall but we were given a queen size. ( I immediately called the front desk but was told there were no kings available) The bed was surrounded by 3 walls so there was no way to walk around the bed. To get into it required stepping over a bench that was permanently fixed to the wall and then crawling over one another to get into bed and also out of it. If the inside person has to get up during the night, watch out!!!While the room itself was clean and in good shape, it was extremely small. There was a small plastic chair to sit in or a bench that went along one wall. If this was a deluxe room, I can't imagine what a normal room would be like.The breakfast was not up to the raves that I had read in your reviews, very basic.Obviously, never again!	
Mar 2 2009 	great location cool design TOO LOUD at 1AM	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. It's in a great location and is very modern looking. My only real complaint is at 1AM when we returned to our room (305), we could hear the bar/pool party, as though we were at the party. It didn't shut down until 2am. We were exhausted and were kept up for that last hour. Request a room on a higher floor if you plan to turn in anytime between 9pm-2am,	
Mar 2 2009 	watch out the air conditioning	very noisy air conditioning,could not sleep all night long!!	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Night in NYC	My husband and I just spent 1 night at Room Mate Grace and it was perfect for what we wanted. We needed something clean, comfortable, and near Times Square!The location was perfect!Free continental breakfast was great! (although you have to be fast to grab a table!)The staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs.The room was cleanBed was comfortable.They did a great job with limited space.Cheap parking validation for NYC ($25/24hrs).**watch out if you buy drinks from the kiosk...was very pricey!**I would strongly recommend to young couples looking for a trendy place to stay in the city.	
Feb 27 2009 	Wish I was there to party...	I have stayed at this hotel many times but this last stay was the worst. I love the location, the tiny gym, the sauna, the pool, and the healthy morning breakfast. But I think that word has got out to the locals that it's a cheap way to throw a party and not have to clean up. Rent a room at Grace! Swim in the pool! Party all night and screw those that actually need to sleep! I would stay there again but I would request a higher floor.	
Feb 27 2009 	Surprising so trendy perfectly located with comfort and staff's warmth...	Next time I go to NYC, I surely will stay again in that incredible place.	
Feb 27 2009 	So close to Times Square yet pretty quiet	Stayed here for three nights mid February and for the HotWire price we paid for it we were very pleased.The location was great – super close to Times Square (maybe too close for some people) yet our 11th floor corner room was very quiet. The reception staff were cheery and helpful and the room itself perfectly adequate, clean and comfy with thermostats we could control. The bathroom was larger than expected with a walk in shower room and lovely kiss my face products (paraben free ?). Also free internet! Things not so lovely included the rather dark and drab hallway walls on the 11th floor and the housekeeping service that didn’t do a very good on the second day, leaving a water bottle on our windowsill that had not been left by us. Also, in an effort to be more green, the hotel gave us the option of leaving towels on the floor if we wanted fresh replacements. However, as there was no towel rail in the bathroom and no where to easily hang a towel we had to leave or towels on the floor after we used them which kinda thwarted the green aspirations.All in all we had a great stay. Breakfast included is a great little touch you don’t get in many NYC hotels and although we didn’t use it, people (young at night and families plus older guests in the morning) seemed to really enjoy the pool.	
Feb 27 2009 	Lovely place to stay!	This European-type hotel was a great find on Hotwire (I got a $253/night deal). I LOVED the free (yes, FREE in NYC!) breakfast, where you could even make your own lattes. The rooms were small, but clean and quiet. The hallways and breakfast room were dark, but perhaps that is to give it a more relaxed feel. Great location near Times Square and Broadway shows. The staff was professional and oh-so-helpful when I asked to change rooms. They even moved my luggage for me. I would definitely recommend staying here -- a real gem! And the free high speed Internet access was also a real plus.	
Feb 25 2009 	Best Hotel in Manhattan	My girlfriends and I spent this past Saturday night and had a blast. First, the location is to die for. Everything is a stones throw away. The staff was delightful. The lobby, the pool and the bar were splendid. The room was a good size too. The free breakfast was also delicious. You will find this place to be the best bang for your buck in Times Square. Trust me!!! ps- I went swimming at 4am, where else in Times Square can you do that?!?	
Feb 24 2009 	HOtel good...service not so good	Had received an email right before arriving asking if we needed anything and welcolming us...Upon arrival , we find out that the pool, bar and sauna were closed that evening from 9pm til closing due to a private party..we had planned to meet our daughter and her friend and hang out there after dinner..when we expressed our dissatisfaction with no prior notice ( at least an email with their welcome email) as to these change in hotel ammenties, management offered nothing in return to appease our dissatisfaction...not sur if I woill retun due to this...	
Feb 22 2009 	not terribly impressed	This is a young person's hotel. If you are european or a young person, you will like it here. The rooms are sparse and very Ikea.	
Feb 19 2009 	Hmmmm......good but	stayed for 3 nights 12 - 16 feb, fab location,great bed, good helpful staff and a smile from every one of them we came across, breakfast was fine but there were private parties on 2 of the 3 nights which meant we had to prove we were staying in the hotel before being allowed in, very annoying when you are the paying guest. This also put us off using the pool and bar on the 3rd night when we were allowed (gee thanks) to use the pool and bar area.most of the reviews are very accurate so if none of the quirks or the private party thing bother you book it.	
Feb 18 2009	Exactly what we wanted...even better than we expected!	Room Mate Grace was amazing. From the minute we stepped in the door, we were welcomed by the smiling staff. I traveled with my 12 year old son and we could not have been happier with the hotel and staff. They talked to him, asking him what he was going to do while in the city and treated him like a special guest. The location is the best! The center of Time Square is just steps away. Planet Hollywood was on the corner and a Starbucks just across the street. We loved being in Time Square, but were able to quickly walk to the theaters, tours and subway stations.  The pool and bar area was a hot spot and there were people enjoying the area every night. Since I was traveling with a 12 year old, we did not join the night life, but looked like a fun place to hang out with music and an indoor pool for the more daring. Yet it was very classy, no sign of anyone drunk or rowdy, just people enjoying themselves. We would leave the music and crowd behind and enter into the elevator where everything was quiet. We were never disturbed by any noise or other guests. The bed was just off the ground, making it the perfect storage space. Our room had a sliding door between the room and bathroom, for plenty of privacy. My son loved the flatscreen TV and iPod station. The rooms were small and simple, but larger than what I had stayed in previously in NY. It was just what we needed. The rest of the hotel was decorated in a clean and modern look with great colors. The breakfast was a great way to start our day. Muffins, cereal, berries, ham and cheese cressent rolls, hard boiled eggs, and of course lots of coffee and hot chocolate. We even went back later in the day for more coffee and hot chocolate to warm us up. We were very pleased and hope to return again one day.	
Feb 18 2009 	A Unique Experience!	My first time staying at Room Mate Grace and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a distinctly unique NYC hotel experience. I travel to the city every couple months or so to escape the scenic countryside of home (Bucks County, PA) and, as a result, it has become an exciting and (mostly) rewarding pursuit to try a different hotel on each excursion. With so many to pick from, the challenge is to find the best room at the best price in the right location for the weekends activities. I booked my stay at RM Grace when it popped up on my favorite travel site advertising a deluxe room at a reasonable rate for Valentine's weekend. Tucked into a side street just blocks from Times Square, with breakfast included (available until noon) and an indoor pool and steam room, as well as a DJ in the lounge most nights, I thought this could be just what cupid ordered to set the right mood. I was a little unsure if this really was the right choice for a romantic getaway as the reviews I read here (and elsewhere) were sending mixed signals and the description of the hotel let me know this place was different from the norm. Boy was it! The RM Grace is a hot little number that offers up just the right amount of unconventional wisdom and unusual amenities to make it the perfect choice for a sexy weekend rendezvous! For purient interests, I'll skip the particulars of my weekend and share just the highlights, and the few shortcomings, of what I consider to be an exciting &quot;hidden gem&quot; hotel.Pros: - I read reviews that complained about room size (not surprising in NYC) but our room (#1402) was spacious and well laid out. I particularly loved the bathroom configuration - a large area w/ extra long vanity countertop and seperate shower and toilet &quot;rooms&quot; (I made a prior request for a toilet with a door since I read some rooms omit that feature).  - A balcony! I didn't know our room had one until I discovered it during my entry inspection. I pulled open the blackout curtains and there it was, as well as a horseshoe panarama of skyscrapers that we could view from our bed! Very romantic. - Yes, the bed! Fluffy pillows (four of them), a great mattress and even greater linens!  - The steam room! In my book - a welcome feature anytime, anywhere. But to cap off the evening after a nightcap or two with a steam and a shower before bed - heavenly! - The hotel location is convenient and comfortable for walking, wandering, shopping, eating and sight-seeing in the heart of Manhatten. P.S. We had dinner at the Irish pub right next door. It was busy but there was no wait and the Irish beef stew was to die for.  - The staff at the hotel were beyond efficient. The ones I had contact with were bright and personable and eager to be of assistance. That always makes the stay more relaxing.Cons: - The hotel facade is almost unidentifiable from the street. If not for the suspended orange clock that caught our attention we may have continued on right past the hotel. - The lobby / front desk is also a bit elusive. Upon entering the hotel the floor plan suggests you continue forward down a corridor into an unseen area but, in fact, a quick left once inside the entrance puts you at the front desk kiosk, which also serves as a convenient, if expensive, refreshment and sundries stand. - The pool area is situated just behind the lobby. This fishbowl is sufficient for wading, standing, sipping a cocktail, perhaps floating but not swimming. And actually since it is walled in glass and open to the bar, hallways and elevators it's not really suitable for my swimsuit comfort level anyway. Neat idea though and I imagine with the cool lighting, big screen tv above the pool, dj spinning grooves and alcohol flowing it makes for a great private party venue.  - The room was well appointed but for a few curious details. The small table and only one chair (when there is room for two) is peculiar. The in-room tv is mounted on the wall behind the drapes and at an odd angle to the bed. There was no cd player to be found (so much for my chosen mood music ). The shower stall is adequite except that in order to turn on the water you must reach the handle fixtures located directly underneath the showerhead (no matter how quickly you try to move out from under the rain-showerhead while prepping your water temperature you're sure to wet any sleeves you may still have on. But have no fear, the faint water pressure only causes minor sleeve dampness) And last but not least, the uber-comfy platform bed is surrounded by a raised, two foot wide, leather covered ledge. While I found this unusually appealing, it could also become quite cumbersome for an extended (or drunken) stay and, possibly, dangerous under the wrong circumstances (It does prove to be an awkward balancing act, even stone-cold-soberly, to access the balcony. You must climb onto the leather ledge, tip-toe between the draped windows and the edge of the bed and ... well, it's really too strange and difficult to describe how this works and definitley not for the clumsy, obese or lazy to attemp to navigate).  - Oh, I mustn't forget the breakfast buffet (a compelling inclusion at any hotel)! Well, actually the only word that comes to mind is... meh. It was typical. Bland breads, hard-boiled eggs and a few rolls of cheese and deli meats. Enough to hold you over until you go for a real meal.Now that I have pointed out a few of the quikier aspects of life at the RM Grace, I must admit it really was very easy to acclimate to the European-esqe enviroment. And although you can find plusher, more opulent accomodations in the city, there are also many mundane, plain-jane rooms for rent that don't leave the kind of impression thRM Grace does. Overall, I found this hotel to be charming and romantic, hip and vibrant, all at once. And although it won't be for everyone, I, for one, and very pleased to have spent my Valentine's weekend Gracefully.	
Feb 18 2009 	Little gem of a hotel	I read the reviews on this site and booked the special winter rate. For context, I am in my 30's, have traveled extensively, and am moderately critical of things like bad service at restaurants and hotels. The front staff was extremely helpful and courteous. There is no valet parking but there is a special rate ($25/24hours at a garage on 44th street), which is pretty good for NY. The bed is really comfortable and there is a black out curtain if you want to sleep in. The room was nice and quiet. We didn't mind the shower/toilet thing -- there was a sliding mirrored door that covered either the shower or the toilet. Another plus was the sauna/steam room. After a cold day walking around the city it was really nice to pop into the steam room to relax before going out again at night. Sure it was kind of a scene at the bar on friday night, but I wouldn't hesitate to bring kids to this hotel. the bar/pool is really not in your face when you walk through the lobby. The location is eh, but it is very close to many subway lines. Breakfast buffet was clutch. Not your usual danish and cereal. I had a bagel with cream cheese, yogurt with fresh blueberries, capuccino. After check out we kept our bags in storage so we could enjoy the city a little while longer before leaving. Again very courteous front desk. All in all a great base for exploring New York. The hotel has edited out the unimportant things (a grand lobby, valet parking, huge rooms) and maximized what you really want (a comfortable bed, quiet room, nice people, free wifi, discounted parking, breakfast, central location.)	
Feb 18 2009 	Made our trip to NYC even better!	The hotel is right off of 6th Avenue and in the heart of a great shopping area. The rooms had a lot of space (for NYC, anyway) and were clean and well appointed. The staff was also wonderful...so easy to work with and really helpful. We will definately be back on our next trip to NYC!	
Feb 11 2009 	The Grace is Interesting!	I don't mean this in a bad way but the Grace Hotel room is like a high end dorm room. It is pretty bare bones but comfortable. The bed was great. I was in a Deluxe King room which consisted of a bed a rolling table and a cushion to sit on. Plus, if there are 2 people sleeping on the bed, one person has to climb over the other person to get out since there is NO room to walk around the bed. It made for some laughs everytime I saw my friend climbing over me. The bathroom design is ridiculous. There is one, yes ONE door that either is for the toilet OR the shower and it slides back and forth. Plus, if you want to take a shower there is no place to put a towel other than across the bathroom where the towel bar is. I think the &quot;designer&quot; of the hotel was going for some type of minimalist cool design but instead it is completely impractical if you are traveling with a friend, or child. Now, believe it or not, I liked this hotel. The staff was INCREDIBLY friendly and helpful. The breakfast was FANTASTIC - espresso, cappucino, eggs, fresh fruit, croissants, breads, meat and cheeses just to name a few things. And the staff there was nice too. As a matter of fact, the entire staff from Maintenance to Housekeeping was incredibly polite and friendly always saying hello, good morning etc...The lobby pool is wild -- it is like you are swimming in a fish bowl. At night (I was there on a Saturday) the bar area was PACKED with people and also people swimming and drinking. If you are in your 20's this is the place to be. The sauna and gym are nice too. I like to try different hotels and this was an intersting one. If you want something more like a traditional hotel room this is not the place for you. If you want to try something different and really are just going to sleep and that's it this is the place to be. Great neighborhood (if you are going to the theatre), friendly staff and awesome free breakfast.	
Feb 11 2009 	Funky place	less than a block from Times Square. the staff was phenomenal and super friendly. the room was tres chic, and all we needed for our brief stay. I like the concept of the unstocked fridge to use, and the lobby kiosk. the pool party Saturday night was a trip! if only we were younger. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 10 2009 	Love the hotel grace!!!	My third time there this year and it was a dream as usual.Beautifully designed, the hotel grace seems tucked away even though it is in the heart of times square. Excellent service, pristine, quiet it is the perfect place for a romantic weekend in nyc. Thoroughly enjoyed the bar although some of the patrons were a bit too scenester-y. The comfortable bedding and small but spacious enough rooms works out well but what really gets me every time is a quick dip in the pool and some time in the steam room after a night of fun in nyc. An absolute rock star way to start the day. The complimentary breakfast is delicious and they don't run out of food. The man who runs the breakfast was kind enough to toast my croissant and bring it to my table for me, they taste better that way he explained.I can't praise Hotel Grace highly enough.Oh, and they happily will outfit your room with hypo-allergenic bedding!!!	
Feb 9 2009 	Compact but cool Midtown hotel	Having read mainly positive reviews about The Grace, and considered other more expensive options in Manhattan, we were pleased with our selection.We booked a deluxe room, which was still pretty compact, but had room enough for two suitcases and plenty of shopping.Note, the hotel web site also offers non-refundable rates which are 15-20% cheaper than flexibile rates.Things we liked:- Fantastic location...just off Times Square, but relatively quiet position.- Beds very comfortable, with sumptuous linen.- Walk-in monsoon shower.- Continental breakfast with plump croissants, cereals, yogurt and fresh berries.- The funky communal areas.- The first room we were given smelt of stale smoke. I didn't remember being given an option when booking for smoking or non-smoking, but we were immediately given an alternative room.- Swimming pool and sauna.Things we didn't like:- Room could have been bigger, but you get what you pay for.- Window was draughty, which we fixed with the spare blanket.- Water pressure in the shower was weak...shame when the wet room is so well designed.- Heating in room worked well, but was VERY noisy.Things other people may not like:- Come Friday and Saturday night, the hotel bar and pool are open to the public and resemble something out of Spring Break. Didn't bother us, but might offend others.Overall a good experience, and we'd probably stay there again.	
Feb 4 2009 	great place/ great location	We got a special rate via Travelzoo and decided to try out this hotel. It's in a great location; couple of blocks away from the theater district, which was convenient for us!The rooms were clean, they did smell a little funny, but that's due to in-door pool. The windows do open, so once you got some fresh air, it was fine. The rooms were small, but the beds were comfortable. The bathroom and shower were also clean and very Euro style - tile from top to bottom.The breakfast was better than expected; the fruit especially delicious. We used the sauna and felt like a million bucks!	
Feb 4 2009 	Love The Atmosphere	I would definitely give the Grace 2 Thumbs up. I think it is an adorable hotel. I absolutely loooooooooove the pool in the middle of the lobby. It is so unique and the sauna/steam room was a nice touch. I love the design of the rooms but hated the bathroom. My 6 friends and I went up to NYC for a &quot;girls weekend&quot;. My friends had a quad room - which is FANTASTIC for 4 people. Each person had their own bed (which was comfy) and there own TV. I thought that was hot!! I stayed in a &quot;king bunk&quot; with 2 of my friends. Again, loved the room hated the bathroom design but the shower head was great. The king bunk was a great concept. Their is a king bed on the bottom and a twin bed across the top. It was fun. The continental breakfast served - THAT IS INCLUDED in your rate is very tasty and consists of fresh fruit, coffees, teas, pastries, ham and cheeses. Although the hotel is small, it makes extremely good use of all its space and the decor is funky and cool. Love the wallpaper . The staff was friendly and helpful. Had absolutely NO ISSUES and will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 1 2009 	Best bed i had	I found the grace hotel through Travelzoo.com.As i lived in manhattan before, i knew their location was great.During our stay,any concern or request was resolved right away.The bed comfort is better than the Westin.I will always recommend to my colleagues and friends and choose for my upcoming trips as well.	
Feb 1 2009 	affordable luxury in theatre district	My wife and I went to NY in late January to visit my son and daughter whio both work in Manhattan and live in Bushwick. We left Philadelphia by Boltbus at 10:30 am ($10 one way, a comfortable two hour ride from Philadelphia: both the cheapest and the fastest route) and arrived at 12:30 on Saturday afternoon.Check in wasn't till three, but we took a taxi from 34th and 8th to 125 W 45th St (15 minutes; $7 with tip) and were at the hotel. We had intended to drop our luggage and proceed to lower Manhattan, but happily, they had a room open and gave us the key.The room was small and spare, but the memory foam bed was large and made up in luxurious sheets &amp; comforter.Widescreen TV, ipod dock, phone, plenty of closet space. Separate rooms for toilet and bath. The bathroom contained a large walk in shower, a sink, safe and refrigerator, which you can stock at the newstand, which does triple duty as a convenience store and as the front desk.They had explained that the pool (yes, an indoor pool in Midtown Manhattan) was open 24/7, as were the steamroom, sauna and lounge, where you could get complimentary espresso, capuccino and teas all night long. We wandered down to the second floor to check out the pool, and though it's small and shallow (about 4 ft deep) it's a lovely facility. The steamroom and sauna are close beside, and one side of the pool has a window to the bar, so you can get your drinks served in the pool. The lounge is above the bar.we got a cup of reviving (and surprisingly good) free coffee from a machine in the lounge, and went off to face Soho and Tribeca. Before we left, we asked the desk to send robes and slippers up to the room.When we got back to the hotel we were tired and bone sore. Our robes were ready, and we changed and went down to the pool. There was one other couple, a man and his bikini clad companion. The sauna, steam and swim combination brought us back to life, we went back out on the town for some more fun.When we got back from dinner and drinks, the lobby was chock full of people, paying a $10 cover to attend the Saturday night pool party. Dance music pounded from the DJs speakers, and now the pool was filled with young folks having a great time. We went to bed.I should mention that the hotel sits by a row of Irish bars, one of which, The Perfect Pint, has a very hight Trip Advisor rating and a very long list of tap beers. It's also right off Times Square, so you're close to theatres and always have a cab handy. It's also close to all the trains.The next morning we took advantage of the free breakfast: hardcooked eggs, ham and cheese; cereals and yougurt, toast, croissants or bagels, fresh fruit, juice and coffee: this is a continental breakfast you can actually make a meal of.Other comments: staff was uniformly pleasant, wifi access was free, check in and out was simple, and the hotel was quiet: our floor had only 8 rooms, and we were bothered by neither street noise or guest noise, although from the crowd at breakfast early Sunday morning, the hotel was far from empty. And the best part was that the cost per night was $179 ($209 when we include the vast tax lein NY puts on hotel rooms). We booked through Travelzoo, but I ubderstand this is an ongoing promotion through the winter months. Rack rate in most NY hotels is over $300, and the average per rm price in this hotel is $370. So enjoy it while you may.	
Jan 30 2009 	You have to stay here.......its FAB-U-LOUS	Well.........what can I say. My boyf and I have just arrived back from NYC this morning after staying for 5 nights in this lovely hotel. We arrived slightly before we were supposed to check in but this was ok. The lady on the front dest was realy nice and checked us in fine. We got room 1404. Nice room, modern, stylish and clean. We unpacked and went to explore. I should point out at that at reception they gave us a map and pointed out where we were.They do have a shop there behind reception but it is pricy (as you would expect, but $4 for a 500ml bottle of water is a bit too much) We got our drinks for the room elsewhere, much cheaper.Stay in this hotel and you are literally 2 mins walk from centre of times square and broadway. 10 minute walk to the Rockefeller Centre and about a 15 - 20 minute walk to the Empire State Building. We walked everywhere (and we were tired!!), Well except to Ground Zero, got half way then jumped in a cab.Here are the top things we did while in NYCSex and the City Tour - loved itCentral ParkAll the shops - I mean all of them (some of them twice - TIFFANYS)Top of the RockNYC Sky RideMadam TussaudsCircle Line TourNat. History MuseumEmpire State BldgMuseum of Sex -------interesting!!!New York Knicks Game - well worth the $10 each Lion King - 5 starsWe also ate at a lovely restaurant called TAO - for lunch its Chinese / Asian and lovely. It is located on 42 East 58th Street. Very funky. They do a price fixe lunch menu, 3 courses for $24 each.All in all we had a great time in NYC, even if one of the days is was -10!!!, just keep popping in and out of places to keep warm. I would definately go back to this hotel, but we will be going a few other places before we re visit NYC - so many places to see.......xxx	
Jan 26 2009 	A Great Place to Stay	Loved the location, very comfortable, great amenties, good for business or vacation, near theatres and restaurants, nice pool, sauna, steam...	
Jan 25 2009 	More than perfect! Great Grace!	We really enjoyed the stay at Rool-Mate Grace and we alreadty recommend it to our friends!We loved- The room (King Bunk for 3 people - 1106)- The breakfast- The increadible staff- The pool and sauna- The locationWe didn't like so much- The tiny reception (but who cares?)We had a problem at the hotel but the hotel manager solved it in an incredible way, se we now are trully embassators of Room-Mate! Thanks guys, keep it like this!	
Jan 24 2009 	Great Location Very Hip And Fun!	Stayed here just before Christmas and was shocked at the value and location of the Room Mate Grace. Just steps to Times Square.Very nice free breakfast every morning. Parking rates of $25 make this place an excellent choice. The room was small but the shower was huge, space was used wisely and the 11th floor offered a view of some Times Square signage. This place was much better than our recent stay at the Hyatt. Great staff, excellent bar and not at all stuffy to the common traveler. We'll be back.	
Jan 22 2009 	A Delightful Surprise	Room Mate Grace was a delightful surprise right in Times Square. The location was central to everything. The room was small but very clean and had everything you would need. The bed and linens were great. We were on the 12th floor and I was concerned because we were next to the elevator, but we never heard a sound the entire time we were there. It was probably the most quiet Hotel I have ever stayed at. The breakfast was fantastic, a wonderful selection and a coffee machine that made great cappachinos. We booked through Hotwire and got a fabulous price. The staff was so nice and friendly. I cannot think of a single thing I would change.	
Jan 21 2009 	Very Euro-hip Great Little hotel	Got a discounted room at the Hotel Grace through Hotels.com for $150 a night (including fees, standard size room). A total deal says I. I've stayed in NYC before and I think all rooms there are small, so this one was smallish, but the decor is modern and minimalist and all of the space was used very cleverly, the only thing missing was a closet (!) but I just made due with putting our coats on the platform at the foot of the bed. Speaking of the bed - it was a truly great sleep, and our room (807) was on a corner, looking in one direction across the street and the other down to times square - fabulous! The free breakfast at this hotel is really good, bagels, pastry, cheese, meat, cereals, yogurt, fresh fruit, tea, juice, and a fancy Italian coffee machine that produces cappuccinos and espressos to order. The dining room was very modern as was the swimming pool area which we went down to one evening to have a soak (it's only 3.5 ft deep) and drinks, which you can order from the pool at the swim-up bar. This plus the poolside DJ was pretty fabulous. At night the pool turns into some crazy bar-disco full of 20-somethings partying in bikinis. Like a whole other world. My beau also loved the sauna. Pretty foxy for a little hotel.The bathroom and shower are a bit atypical, more of a wet room with a half-wall separating the toilet from the shower. There was a pull-across door for the entire bath area, with sink and vanity in the bedroom area, it was a little unconventional but not a problem. Location is great, just a half-block off Times Square and convenient to 1,2,3, V,Q,R,F, B, D, N S, W trains. No problem getting around, save following directions from the staff. There was one woman at the front desk who was helpful (very thin, white, long dark hair) but everyone else at this hotel didn't really seem to care. My questions about whether there was a bus to the MET from our general area got the response of 'I don't know, well I guess there must be, just go to 5th Ave and catch one there&quot; but 5th Ave is one way the opposite way - oops - no bus, but still, how hard would it have been for her to look this up for us? I also was unimpressed hearing the bartender tell another guest who asked if he had a suggestion for a nightclub &quot;well around here, its just a tourist hell, I'd go to the meatpacking district&quot; As if this person wasn't a tourist and as if they knew where the meatpacking district was. All in all a really great stay, at these prices I'd definitely return.	
Jan 21 2009 	Loved the Grace Hotel	What a neat place to stay! It reminded me of a hotel in Paris that I stayed at. For my daughter's 30th birthday, I took she and 2 of her friends to NYC for the weekend and the Grace was the perfect hotel. We stayed in a bunk quad, which was sooo neat. The mattresses, bedding and pillows were very comfortable. The staff was extremely accomodating and pleasant. The location was very convenient to the Theatre and Times Square.	
Jan 14 2009 	What a lovely find for a place to stay!	What a wonderful hotel right near to Times Square.It has the most friendly staff I think I have ever come across who couldn't do enough to make sure that my stay was pleasant.The pool with 'swim up bar' was awesome and good fun although I would say they could do with turning up the temperature on the water as sitting around tends to be more chilly - not a moan though but a suggestion instead.The room, although small, was lovely and had everything I needed for a pleasant night.Best of all, whilst there is no restaurant on site, there are plenty of local take out places and you can eat them in the hotel without any complaints and in comfort. Much better than being stuffed up in your room!Finally, the breakfast was excellent although rather busy. Plenty of bits to choose from and fruit to take away.All in all an excellent experience and certainly a place to try out.	
Jan 12 2009 	Clean with a great location but not for everyone	The Room Mate Grace is very quirky and will not be to everyone's taste, but it has the “3 C’s” (clean, convenient and comfortable bed) so it met our needs just fine. We got an excellent rate through Hotwire and were very pleased with our selection. I suppose the atmosphere of the hotel is intended to be chic European. It comes out as an unusual mix of high style and Spartan. The hotel decor emphasizes a trendy look and feel that includes very high end touches combined with tiny, minimally furnished and minimally lit rooms.The Location: Unbeatable. It is literally less than ½ block to Times Square. We had a day and a half of snow and ice, but had no trouble walking to Broadway shows and to Fifth Avenue stores. I was concerned that the rooms would be noisy because of the location, but there was no problem at allThe Rooms: Small but clean. We had a room that was furnished with a king size bed, over which was a small bunk bed. The king bed was set across the width of the room, and completely filled it. A king size bed is 80 inches long, and there could not have been more than a few inches to spare, so the room was probably 7.5 feet wide. A second person in the bed would have had to climb over it to get to the other side. The bunk bed was smaller than a normal twin. There was no furniture at all, other than the washstand counter. No dresser, no table, no chair, no TV stand; the flat-screen TV is wall-mounted, because that is the only place it could go. The only place to sit was on the side of the bed.On the other hand, the room was clean, although there was a cigarette butt in the toilet. The management apologized profusely about that and offered to re-clean the room, but it really wasn’t necessary, and that was the only lapse. The bed had leather trim and very comfortable pillowtop mattresses on a platform base, which made a nearly perfect match of softness and support. The alarm clock includes an iPod port for your iPod, and each room comes with a DVD player. There is a DVD library available, although we didn’t investigate that.The bathroom is one of the Grace’s real quirks, and could be a deal-killer for some people. The commode and the shower are separate. There is a door on the commode, but the only divider between the shower and the main part of the room is a plastic curtain. You step right out of the shower into full view of the room. This would be no problem for a couple, but since I was with my college-student daughter, we had to make some logistical adjustments. (We learned to put our clothes just outside the curtain, then push the curtain forward just enough to reach them when we were ready to come out.) Oh. Did I mention that the rooms were small?Staff: Invariably friendly and helpful. I read some comments about the front desk being indifferent or worse, but it simply wasn’t so. It is true that they are very busy. There were never more than two people there, and often only one, so that person had a lot on his or her hands. But we got fine service; a little patience was all we needed, and they made a great restaurant recommendation one evening. The rest of the staff, in housekeeping and at breakfast, were also friendly, although there were a number of Asian people working there whose English was limited.Breakfast: The Room Mate Grace seems to understand how much good meal can improve the overall experience at a hotel. This was THE best free breakfast I ever had. It had the usual elements—breads, coffee, juice, cereal, yogurt, fruit—but improved on almost every one. Along with coffee, espresso and cappuccino were available (both regular and decaf). The breads include real bakery croissants and excellent bagels, plus whole grain bread. The orange juice was (or at least tasted) fresh squeezed. There were simple cold cuts (ham and turkey). And the fruit selection included fresh blueberries and fresh raspberries. In January!!The Scene: There is a pool in the lobby. Yes, IN the lobby, next to the bar. On weekend evenings, the pool and bar attract a large crowd of 20-somethings. This means bikinis in the bar and couples making out in the pool. Whether this makes for a plus or a minus for the hotel depends on who you are. But it appeared to be weekend nights only. The hotel has a small (of course!) exercise room, with a couple of stationary bikes and weights.Bottom line: I would gladly stay here again at the discounted rate I got on Hotwire. A quiet, clean, inexpensive hotel right at Times Square is a treasure. But if I were paying full price, there might be other options to consider. Certainly Room Mate Grace is not for everyone. It is certainly not a hotel where you can just hang out in your room, because there is not enough space to do that. You could think of the Room Mate Grace as a college dorm designed by wealthy and hip people. But if you just want a convenient, clean place to sleep and an excellent breakfast when you get up, it will serve you nicely. (Hint: Hotwire lists the Room Mate Grace as a 3-star hotel in the Times Square area with a pool and with breakfast included, but it doesn't mention the exercise room.)	
Jan 7 2009 	Nice convenient hype hotel	A lovely designed, very conveniently thought little hotel in the very heart of NYC, steps from Times Square.We enjoyed our room, very cosy, small but nicely arranged. We loved the pool, and the breakfast was good and convenient too.The staff was friendly and helpful.We will definitely stay at this hotel next time we go to NY !	
Jan 1 2009 	Room Mate Great!	Highly recommend this hotel especially if you book on a special promotion rate as we did. Hotel staff are friendly and really helpful and made us feel very welcome in New York. Location is superb if you want to be near Time Square. Breakfast is fantastic! Take your bathers with you for a dip in the hotel pool.	
Jan 1 2009	Weekend in New York	Great hotel. Very convenient location close to Times Square and Gray Line Bus tour and with several Irish pub/restaurants on the same street.We checked in about 10:30 am and were told we could take advantage of the breakfast which was great since we had left home very early and hadn't had a chance to eat. Our rooms were very clean and ready for us upon arrival. They were a little on the small side but this did not really matter since we were out sightseeing all day and only returned late at night to sleep. The decor is very modern and quite unique. Breakfast is excellent - lots of choice (fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, toast, bagels, croissants, juice, tea/coffee). The staff let us leave our bags for the day after we checked out and ordered a taxi for us. Customer service was excellent.	
Dec 31 2008 	Fun and funky	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Grace. Check-in was pleasant and quick, and our room was a good size, especially for New York. We had kind of a terrible view from the back of the hotel, but we got to check in early (10:30 a.m.) so we didn't really care. We really liked the decor, and the bathroom arrangement is especially fun. However, we would have liked at least one &quot;regular&quot; chair, instead of the padded bench that went along the wall. Breakfast was very tasty (continental, but good bagels and croissants), but as others have mentioned, the area does get quite crowded. We would definitely stay here again, but probably just for shorter stays, given the somewhat unconventional furniture arrangement (I got a little tired of crawling across the platform bed!). The location is extremely convenient (1/2 block from Times Square).	
Dec 30 2008 	Fun Hotel in Great Location	Just returned from a great stay at this hotel the weekend before Christmas. The location can't be beat, and the staff was very friendly. I got an excellent rate on Hotwire. I thought the room was larger than a couple of other rooms I've had in NYC. You actually have some closet space and storage room under the bed.I'm not a big fan of the bathroom layout - it really depends how &quot;close&quot; you like to be to your roommate.I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 29 2008 	Amazing Hotel - Hidden Gem	Stayed here over the Christmas holidays. I was a bit concerned when we arrived as the hotel from the street was nothing to rave about and the reception also serves as a concession stand however the hotel impressed me.We stayed in one of the petite rooms and it was just that. Small but it had an amazing bed and nice tv. There was no bath but one of those rain showerheads. This is what I expected when booking the hotel on hotwire.The service was amazing. Everyone was very helpful and polite. The exercise room was small with free weights, 2 bikes and not much else. Everything was working however.The pool and bar area was the best part. When you walk in you pass by the steam room, the sauna and go down several steps to the pool. They have fresh fruit and the pool is 80'+. Great music is playing (on the weekend they even had a DJ) and their is a window where you can swim up and order drinks! It was definitely a boutiqish hotel but I would recommend it to anyone under 40 looking to have a great time.The only issue was the floor lighting outside the sauna. It looks like they replaced the bulbs with ones a bit more powerful than designed as when I stepped on one it burnt my foot. They gave me a spray to use and said that they would look into it.	
Dec 28 2008 	In one word: Excellent	True: the rooms are tiny, but I think that is the case in every hotel in Manhattan. Every space is optimised. The personnel is very friendly, the breakfast is excellent, the hammam and swimmingpool a warm welcome after all those hours off visiting and walking, the dj is good, the ambiance is relaxed, the hotel kiosk very well equiped (from a dog leash to lubrifant gel!) but most of all, it is only a few feet from Times Square.We had a wonderful stay, and we will tell all our friends of this great hotel.	
Dec 27 2008 	Couldn't Have Been Any Better	Hotel Grace is simply the BEST! My fiance and I went to NYC for a romantic pre-holiday weekend getaway. We wanted to imerse ourselves into the city at the holidays. Hotel Grace was the perfect place to do that! We were centrally located to everything. The hotel was super cool with a European feel. The rooms were very comfortable. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. The rates were EXCEPTIONALLY fair, especially for the weekend before the holidays (typically the most popular time of year in the city). We travel quite a bit and have been in hotels around the world. This hotel is a great find, especially considering it is in the heart of NYC. We are going to go back to the city in either the spring or fall, and will be returning to Hotel Grace.	
Dec 26 2008 	A bit disappointed	My wife and I recently spent our honeymoon at Grace in NYC. I had been in correspondence with a rep from the hotel prior to our stay. I had inquired about having a bottle of champagne on ice, rose pedals on the bed as well as candles lit throughout the room. She told me there would be an extra fee (which was NO problem). She told me she would inquire with a local florist and find out a price. I never heard back from her. A few days before we left for NYC I sent another email as a reminder. Still no reply. When we arrived, the kiosk acknowledged it was our honeymoon (So i thought things were on track) However, when we entered our room....it looked just as every other room did in the entire hotel. I felt very disappointed because I got in contact with the Grace hotel with ample time to effectively accomplish my requests. Unfortunately, my expectations weren't met.	
Dec 25 2008 	Quite nice place but not great	It seemed like hotels around this area are kind of expensive.I payed a bit more than $200 per night.Compare to Night Hotel, which is right across from Hotel Grace&amp;requires a similar rate per night, Hotel Grace was better.Hotel Grace had better Continental breakfast every morning,a bigger bathroom, and it also has swimming pool&amp;other facilities even I didn't use any of those. In the fitness room, there were no running machine.I was staying in a Petit room, the smallest. It was really small, and it wasn't about just this hotel. You should book bigger room if you don't like to stay in a small space.&amp; Those small rooms don't have a bathtub.Oh! The best thing was its location right next to the center of Times Square.	
Dec 22 2008 	The basics with style	If you are one of those people that whines about a small hotel room that is otherwise fine, this may not be your place. But if you want a hotel with that is clean, fresh and secure with rooms that include comfy beds, warm strong showers (without ridiculously low shower heads that make you contort just to wash your hair), nice televisions, clean toilets, oversized towells and a mini fridge in every room -- well, this might be your new favorite place since the location and price can't be beat.	
Dec 19 2008 	nice welcome!	it was a very nice stay in the hotel! good ideas and a welcomed not to big breakfast - cool sound in the pool area!we come back.	
Dec 19 2008 	A nightmare - had to flee this place after 6 hours	An absolute nightmare. Rude, horrendous interaction - can't possibly call it service from the hotel staff. NO wi-fi was available during my abbreviated stay - had to find and check in to another hotel 6 hours after checking in here since no one knew or cared when wi-fi would be available to guests. Front desk suggested that I do my business work on a paid public kiosk in the checking-in area. While I was checking out - incredibly grateful that I was able to get another room at another hotel with one hour's notice in the middle of the holiday season, a 3-some was checking in for the evening , 2 young men and a young woman - one room. One of the young men went out to the street to attend to parking since as he noted &quot;we will only be here for 3 hours.&quot; I fled the hotel in relief. I will urge everyone I know to seek alternative accommodation. NOT for business travelers or families or anyone expecting value for their dollar or courteous helpful service.	
Dec 18 2008 	Perfect for two!	We had a great time in NYC. The hotel allowed us to check in early so we didn't have to carry our bags around the city all day. The room was very clean and very sofisticated. It was a small room but as you know in the city most hotel rooms are small, but Hotel Grace did it right. We didn't feel cramp at all. The breakfast was great...many choices and very tasty. Lastly the hotel once again very accomadating let us check out an hour later no charge and then even when we checked out they held our bags another 4 hours no charge. Overall we had a great experience!!!	
Dec 18 2008 	Late Night Swimming? Bring your club clothes.	We brought our two year old to the hotel without any issues. The room was very quiet (12th floor) and the hotel was great with the kid who definitely loved having a pool to play in during the day (it is usally empty). The breakfasts were great too and we could always find something for him to eat. On Thursday night I thought I might sneak downstairs for a swim after the baby went to bed. I had heard about the partying, but didn't think it was going to be a big deal. I walked out of the elevator with my bathing suit and t-shirt and felt a little out of place with everyone walking around in black suits and fancy dresses. The gym equipment gets moved out of the gym at night so people can party in the gym and sit in the steam room and saunas (turned off). I thought I might strip down to my bathing suit and belly flop into the pool, but I chickened out and went back up to the room.	
Dec 14 2008 	i enjoyed	great. very nice design, great location, awsome pool, bar, comfortable bed, clean and stylish shower/toilets, delicious breakfast. i wouldn't call the room rates cheap, but i guess reasonable for NYC, the location, and the interior. just a little bit cold in our room. anyway, i would stay in grace again!	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Grace... Eventually!	Arrived at Room Mate Grace 4th Dec 08, we were given a room on the 3rd floor, it was small and had a bunk over the main bed, which wasn't needed as there was only 2 of us. The room was clean and check in very quick. After our dinner, and a stroll round we returned, quite tired after a long journey we were ready for a rest..... Unfortunately our room appeared to be above the Bar/Nightclub and even wearing ear plugs the thud of the Bass was pounding through the pillow! After a quick word with reception they re located us immediately to another room on floor 8,..... so peaceful! After that initial problem, the rest of the stay was perfect. The bed was so comfortable, the room was cleaned every day, breakfast was well presented and plenty to offer. The location to Times Sq is Brilliant, about 100m away. Reception dealt with any problems efficiently, problem tap, light bulb blown, all fixed within 5-10 mins. They also held our bags after check out, so we could explore the city before our return home. I booked this hotel through Hotwire, and managed to get a great deal!	
Dec 5 2008 	Awesome Hotel!	We have just returned from a 5-night stay at Room Mate Grace in New York after having a fantastic time! The hotel was exactly what we wanted - comfortable, contemporary, quiet and close to all the main attractions. The room we stayed in was plenty big enough for us with a massive and very comfortable bed, excellent shower, safe, fridge and plenty of room for cases and all of my girlfriend's shopping bags! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfast provided every day was excellent and it was great to be able to use the pool, sauna and steam room.The hotel is about 200 yards from Times Square, a 10 minute walk from 5th Avenue and 15mins from Central Park so there are dozens of (albeit touristy) bars and restaurants nearby.Overall Room Mate Grace provided us with a great base from which to explore New York and we would definitely book again if/when we return to NYC!	
Dec 3 2008	Loved Room-Mate Grace!	What a great experience we had in NYC! The hotel was hip, fun, funky, affordable and so convenient to Times Square! Our room was very clean, bright, and compact, but had enough room to store our stuff. Great big windows!! The breakfast was healthy and plentiful (more seating and perhaps a time limit is needed though). Pool looked great, as did the steam room.Most of the staff were so friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a no-nonsense, non-traditional stay in the centre of all the action.Thanks for a great visit!	
Dec 3 2008 	Great location relaxing ambience	Staying just a few steps from the horribly crowded Times Square ceases to be annoying when you realize how near to everything you are and how silent your hotel room (11th floor) manages to be.Add to that the sheer pleasure of entering the steam room or bathing in the swimming pool after a long walking day and you'll most certainly describe your Room Mate experience as definitely satisfactory, despite a not-above-average breakfast, a not totally warm welcome, and a few little missing touches that the hotel would deserve.Adding a little more care and anticipation of the guests' needs would make Room Mate Grate really belong to the higher level of quality the structure deserves (and the rates would lead you to expect).But again, location and spa services quite frankly make up for that.	
Dec 1 2008 	Customer service brings this excellent hotel to the top	The staff would butter your fresh croissants or feed you thefinest blueberries and raspberries while you reclined on one oftheir poolside chaises if you asked. Otherwise ask for an extraface cloth or fix the sound for the TCM channel and they are there before you put the phone back on the hook. Goingto an out of the way restaurant? Then someone at the front deskwill get exact directions for you. Mira checks you in like a firstcousin welcoming you to her house. Oh, and besides thatthe rooms have every amenity that a four or five star hotelwould offer except a towel warmer(can you manage withoutit?). Decor is West Elm or Bo Concepts, all easy on theeye and very functional.	
Nov 30 2008	Great funky hotel in Times Square	great funky hotel. The location was great because we were going to the Thanksgiving Day Parade, so the location could not have been better. We always put off going because of the nightmare of geting there in enough time to get a viewing spot. This location was perfect. We awoke at a decent time and we secured a great spot. The property itself is definitely european modern-which may put off some seeking a truly American hotel. However for NYC properties-especially around Times Square- the room was ample size, clean enough and kind of fun. Plus the price was reasonabe-again in relativity. We would definitely stay here again. Mike in CT Air Hogs Zero Gravity Micro	
Nov 20 2008 	Small spaces	Much overrated, but a great location! Very hip bar with view to pool, which is enclosed in glass. Rooms, like all Manhattan rooms, are small, really small!! We felt claustrophobic in our room.	
Nov 18 2008 	Excellent!	Excellent location, very close to Times Square. Really nice, modern, clean room (a bit on the small side by general american standards, but on the other hand I've sometimes stayed in much smaller rooms in New York City). Great service! Great deal, highly recommended!!	
Nov 12 2008 	It was fun!	We were in NY to see a show and stayed overnight at the Room Mate Grace on 45th Street. We loved the location so close to Times Square and the Theatre District. The room was nice and very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. We used the Myers parking garage around the block on 46th Street. The hotel will validate your parking receipt when you check out . This cuts the 24 hr parking rate from $50 to $25 dollars. This was our only problem with our stay as we were 15 minutes late getting to the garage for pick- up and were charged an extra $21 dollars. All things considered is was a real nice time had by all.	
Nov 8 2008	Great atmosphere small rooms	We loved out stay at the grace, I went to The Grace Hotel with my daughter in search of a college for her and stayed in the Deluxe Bunk rooms (king size bed with a bunk over, it looks much better than it sounds). The location was right in the center of Times SQ very accessible to almost anywhere in Manhattan. The beds were incredibly confortable and clean. The staff was very helpful and always smiling. Bill at the front desk was especially helpful, not to mention had a great sense of humor (that's just hard to find nowadays)!!. Breakfast was delicious. I have already recomended friends to the Grace. Will definitely be coming back!	
Nov 3 2008 	Surprisingly Wonderful	Stayed here with a friend only one night and wished we could stay longer. I'm a flight attendant and know hotel rooms. This one was terrific. Small hotel rooms is a commonplace concern for New York City but Room Mate Grace utilizes space wonderfully. The bed is tucked into a corner, the bathroom and shower share a sliding door - very smart! Reception was warm and welcoming, our room on the third floor was very quiet - no street noise was discerned at all. The bed was beyond comfortable! Everything was immaculate. The staff treated us with courtesy offering to assist us with every whim and query. Loved the ambiance and setting! Not a bad vibe here at all.Will definately be calling this hotel on my next trip to NYC very soon!	
Oct 31 2008 	Pretty great rooms but there could have been better service	It was a great hotel as far as room comfort and amenities, but I felt the staff could have been more polite. The ladies at the front desk were short with their words and on the verge of rude. To me, service is what brings me back. I'm not sure I would stay here again. Comfy beds and cool rooms though.	
Oct 27 2008	Enjoyable work trip in the city	I was really impressed with the Grace Hotel. Great location, friendly and prompt service, and just a sweet vibe. I enjoyed the continental breakfast and had a fun time hanging out poolside listening to the live DJ with a friend. The room was small, but had everything I wanted: wifi, a comfy bed, even the iHome clock came in very handy. I'd recommend this place to others for sure.	
Oct 21 2008 	great service small and bland rooms nice breakfast	Grace hotel is well located if you want be close to Times Square, Central Park...Service was really good, a lot better than I expected.Rooms are small (and I stayed in a deluxe room), and I thought they would have a nice decoration / feel, but they are really bland, bathroom is ok but ugly...Breakfast was nice, I didn't try the swimming pool, which looks inviting, albeit really small as well.	
Oct 20 2008 	great location our rooms were very small (saw much bigger and lighter rooms)	the location was great and the rooms are clean. I didn't like the darkness everywhere. Maybe this is just american. the breakfast was great even fresh fruit. I guess europeans would prefer not to have plastic cups and plates. Our room service was definitely too late (4 pm). I also didn't like that people just came in with their street shoes and clothes, walked with their shoes in teh pool area and went in the pool without having to take the shower. This hotel is not recommendable for families with small children even though they offer rooms with bunk beds. In our room our son could not sit in a corner and play, it was just not one square foot left to play. (maybe we had just bad luck with the size and the darkness of our room) Ask for a bigger room and with more windows.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great girlfriends getaway!	We were able to get a good deal for this hotel and decided to give it a try. I was not very convinced about the choice, but being 1 out of 3 I agreed to it. Well, let me tell you that I was surprised on how much I liked this place, after all!!! This was the perfect pick for 3 friends going to NYC for four days. We stayed at the four bunk bedroom and it was excellent because each one of us got her own bed and we didn't have to share a bed. We arrived to the hotel around 10:30 and we were able to check in without a problem. The check in-desk is like a kiosk and everybody was extremely helpful. The hotel decor and style is very hip. This is NOT your ordinary chain hotel. The lighting was low and when we arrived to our room on the 4th floor, we found it to be spacious(but not huge) and very clean. The shower was open and the bathroom had a sliding door. Our safe was broken and they sent someone within minutes to fix it. We requested a folding bench for our luggage but we weren't able to get one. Each bed had its own tv, which we found to be very helpful and the bed was super comfortable. The breakfast is included and even thou is nothing extraordinary, it was very helpful to get us started and save us a few bucks. It offered cereal, bagels, croassaints, toasts, fruits, coffee/tea, oj and yougurt. We didn't get to use the pool, but it look very nice. The bar got busy at night and they were hosting martini night, offering $5 martinis. The location was perfect. Closed to Times Square and within walking distance to Central Park, 5th Ave, Empire State, Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick cthedral and subway. We saw lots of couples in their mid-thirties, girlfriends and young families. We really enjoyed staying at Room-mate Grace.	
Oct 9 2008 	Nice stay in the heart of time square	It's my second time here and I love the room with sofa bed and TV LCD on the bed with ipod connector and dvd players and open space in the bathroom. In this second time here but the staff during night hours are not more friendly like the first time and the employer of the Meyers Parking are not so friendly. Amazing the staff of breakfast time and really clean at all.	
Oct 9 2008 	Best beds	Perfect beds, probably the best in NYC.Poor service.Excellent breakfast (included in price!).Ambivalent location (Times Square...).	
Oct 3 2008 	I liked this place - stellar NYC location	I booked the Room Mate Grace hotel for one night, as we had a wedding in NYC. Booked through Hotwire for $249/night, when everything else was well over $300/night, so definitely a savings.Location, right off of Times Square on W 45th Street was great. Lobby is super-small and not impressive at all. We got there at 11 am and our room wasn't ready (check-in isn't until 3 pm), but they graciously held our bags so that we could explore the city. At the front desk they offer, for purchase, all sorts of things you can stock the mini-fridge in your room with - beer, soda, wine, snacks, etc...nice convenience.Our room was ready at 1 pm and sure, it was small, but very well designed for its size. We were in Room 509 and faced W 45th Street, but noise was not an issue at all - double insulated windows - so we thankfully didn't hear a thing as we slept. Bed was very comfortable, linens are of fairly high quality. There is a small plasma TV right in front of the bed which was perfectly adequate. The bathroom is a bit odd, with a sliding door between the shower and toilet area, so you can't have the shower door and the door to the toilet closed at the same time, because there's only one door, but it was clean and functional (and hey, this was only for one night.) Shower pressure was decent and liked the rain-forest shower head. Mini-fridge, iron and ironing board, as well as a hair dryer are all provided. The only thing I didn't like was a cheap set of plastic drawers for your clothes next to the sink/fridge set-up. I think they could do better than that, looks like something for about $10 from Wal-mart. There is no room service, but they do provide menus for ordering in from local restaurants.Breakfast in the am, which is included in the room price, was very decent, continental style, on the 2nd floor. Muffins, toast, crossiants, bagels, fresh fruit, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, juice and coffee were offered. Great coffee, by the way. The staff was constantly replenshing, which was great. The indoor pool is something else. Located right in the lobby, and accessible by the 2nd floor, it is small, with a swim-up bar that opens at 5 pm. This is not a pool for small kids. There are a couple of steam rooms and a gym as well within close proximity of the pool. It turns into a club at night with young (think under 30's) splashing in their suits, drinking martinis and grooving to the DJ. Only in NYC! It seemed to be quite the scene. When we got back from our wedding at 1:30 am, it was still going strong. We were tired, but thankfully, we could not hear the downstairs noise at that time. I'd stay at the Room Mate Grace again without question. It is not a fancy hotel, so if you are looking for a grand hotel experience with a sprawling lobby and extra amenities, this isn't your place. But for a well-located, boutique-style, solid 3-star hotel with clean, quiet rooms and comfortable beds in NYC at a &quot;decent&quot; NYC price, you can't go wrong.	
Sep 28 2008	PERFECT for the SINGLE TRAVELER	Hotel Grace exceeded my expectations and I highly recommend a stay if you are traveling alone. Being a single traveler, my Petite accommodations suited my needs perfectly. The bed was COMFY and COZY with ample storage space to stash my belongings. The bathroom was clean and provided the essentials. The shower and toilet shared a sliding door which I thought was clever, but unusual if I had a companion. The free wi-fi access made staying in touch EASY and CONVENIENT. The daily complimentary breakfast was absolutely wonderful--offering a good selection of items to get me filled up for the long walks in the city. The environment had a relaxed vibe--ambient lighting and smooth grooves. The night scene at the pool was ECSTATIC. Try GRACE--she's PERFECT.	
Sep 19 2008 	Good Euro Vibe and Great Location	Room Mate Grace has an awesome location in Times Square. The front desk crew is very helpful and really worked to get us an awesome place in the Village for dinner upon our late friday night arrival. The only bummer is that the owner held private parties both friday and saturday night so we could not use the bar and there was no DJ there either. Upon checkout they did apologize and say that this was unusual. The breakfast is quite tasty. Our room had lots of windows and good views. Loved the walk in shower too. The bed was comfy, however they need to put in a towel bar though in the bathroom. And, the plasma TV was nice but small. Loved the euro feel and vibe incl. the 'funky wall paper' on the 10th floor. Anyway, we will be back again! I like the newsstand at the checkin too. Oh, and the bag check on the last day was very helpful so we could completely enjoy the city for the day. Solid place to stay especially if you are a fan of modern living.	
Sep 15 2008 	Loved Room Mate Grace	Great style. Great customer service. Clean rooms with just enough ammenities. Very comfortable bed. Soft towels. Thanks for having a hair dryer since NYC was hit by a torrential downpour that I got stuck in! Cool bar area. Stayed here for a business trip. Excellent variety &amp; freshness of continental breakfast. Would definitely consider staying at Room Mate Grace next time I am in NYC as well as other Room Mate properties around the world....for business as well as pleasure travel. Excellent discovery recommended to me by two coworkers (unbeknownst to each other) and glad I made the reservation. Thanks!	
Sep 12 2008	We loved Grace	A great hotel, near the Times Square, and 5th avenue. Rooms are very nice and quiet, and all people are very relaxed and friendly. Our new favourite hotel in NY, for our next NY-trip.	
Sep 7 2008 	Absolutely superb a real find	I cannot reccomend this hotel enough. We stayed 28 Aug - 2 Sept 2008.It is incredibly clean, our room was upgraded to the 15th floor as it was my daughters 16th birthday. Its location is excellent. The downstairs pool/bar is a cool vibe playing great chilled/funky music but not too much that it disturbs being a hotel guest if the music is not your thing. I have already reccommended this to 3 groups who are going to new york by the end of the year.Its appraisal of the rooms is 100% true. Small but so well designed it never occurs to you that they are slightly small. and to be honest they arent that small compared to other new york hotel rooms.As we checked out they were starting some building work in the lobby - not sure the extent but might be worth checking if you are staying in Sept 08.My only slight gripe is that when you ring the hotel to speak to guests or management the phone is not answered very quickly and there is a lot of waiting on hold which is expensive if its a transatlantic callNone the less, we cannot fault this hotel and will definately use the chain again,	
Sep 5 2008 	Good experience	Enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Upon checkin, we were upgraded to a bigger room - without asking, done by the front clerk simply because it was available. Front desk contains small bottles of various drinks - alcoholic and non-alcoholic and snacks for sale. Bed very comfortable, shower great - but could have used a bathroom door! Complimentary breakfast was very good. Great location if you are coming into town for a play, within walking distance.	
Sep 4 2008 	Our stay was absolutely amazing!	Our stay at Room-Mate Grace was incredible. The hotel itself was clean and modern, we very much enjoyed the unique room layouts - which were perfect for our needs. In New York city you are not spending very much time in your room other than to shower and sleep. The beds and linens were the most comfortable I have ever been in - and if the hotel could send us some for a wedding present, that would be great! Kidding. The whole experience was wonderful - the staff (in particular Nick the overnight guy) were exceptional and the atmosphere fun but invitiing. Wading into the pool after a very long day filled with a heck of a lot of walking was well deserved and needed. The only criticism we had was the pool should have been much warmer - it was really cold the last couple of nights there.Thanks so much for the unforgettable trip - We couldn't have asked for more!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great location	Stayed here with my best friend and we both really enjoyed it, checking in was quick and easy and there is even a little kiosk where you check in so you can stock up your fridge (this is empty so you can put in whatever you want, however, I would say that the kiosk prices are slighly high so you're better off buying from a store).Rooms are small but well thought out, so if you prefer to stay in larger rooms, I wouldn't recommend this place, however, it suited our purposes and there was enough room for both of us and our 4 suitcases! It's in a perfect location just off Times Square although we were fronting the street so there was some noise at night / early morning but didn't bother us too much.Bed was extremely comfortable and even though we were sharing it wasn't too small, lovely bathroom products and a great rain shower head which was bliss! Lots of hanging space as well for our clothes.There was free interent as well if you had your own laptop or a pay as you go computer by the front desk. There is also a free safe in your room which fits a laptop too and other things like money, passports etc. There is a bar and small pool which we had a quick dip in which was great and the breakfast in the morning (included) was a great way to start the day with cereals, eggs and pastries, tea / coffee and orange juice.All in a great stay, would def go back!!	
Aug 28 2008 	Good Choice	Room Mate Grace, despite the unusual name, is an excellent choice for a hotel in the Theatre District. Half a block from Times Square, it is nonetheless exceptionally quiet, at least on the upper floors. The lobby is unimpressive and the poorest part of the experience, but you don't book a hotel for its lobby. We were initially booked into a tiny room - you could not access the bed without hitting the TV. After a request, we were relocated to a terrific room, twice the size, at the same cost.The platform beds may be a bit difficult to access for older folks or those with some disabilities. Fabulously comfortable, though.Free WiFi. Excellent continental breakfast with REAL espresso. Friendly and helpful staff. Pool, exercise room, sauna and steam room for those so inclined. Can't ask for much more!	
Aug 27 2008 	Nice but Understaffed	This Times Square hotel staffs 2 receptionists for 139 highly priced rooms. One receptionist called out so we waited in line over 20 minutes for service. The pool area and lounge cater to a younger crowd, which was nice. The place was small but chic - the standard room beds were surrounded by an awkward bench-like border, which makes throwing someone on the bed more of a toss. No rooms have a view of anything but an ugly street and pipes.The complimentary breakfast was very nice 7-12. The shower's were excellent. Fantastic weekend.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great value for Times Square	I loved the modern look and feel of the room, with the white ostrich leather benches surrounding the beds. The bathroom had a neat design to it to.I also really appreciated the pool area, which was just fun. There was a DJ and a screen with lights projected onto it in the pool area. Lots of people having fun and partying. The bar area was just around the corner.The breakfast was good too. I totally want one of those granditalia x11 espresso makers, but they cost tons and tons. Anyways, I'm impressed that they had a high quality espresso maker in the breakfast bar -- that's highly unusual at any hotel.	
Aug 22 2008 	Practical and Modern	On the positives, the hotel was good value for money, excellent location (right off of Times Square), very modern/cool looking design and very clean.The only negative was that the rooms are quite small.	
Aug 21 2008 	LOVED IT!!	This was our first time in New York and I don't think we could have picked a BETTER hotel! The service was amazing (Tim at reception was the BEST!!!), the rooms were great, breakfast was perfect....I have nothing bad to say about it :o) And being that this was our first time in New York it was all about location and the location was perfect! We'll definately be going back.	
Aug 21 2008	Would stay again	Clean, friendly and quiet. Great price and location. Would stay again.	
Aug 14 2008 	Funky hotel right in Times Square	the Room Mate Grace is a pretty interesting little place just one half block from Times Square. Definitely good for first-time visitors because you are right in the heart of a lot of touristy things. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was quiet with a comfortable bed that was up on a platform of sorts. I'd never seen anything quite like that! They have a funky little pool that overlooks the bar. There are also a few rows of stadium style benches that overlook the pool and a giant TV screen. That was a little random and at 1am looked a bit like a scene from a reality TV show with lots of young hipsters.If you are a regular visitor to NYC or arriving by car you may want to stay a little farther away from Times Square :)	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Location Cool Hotel	We've just got back from New York and enjoyed our 2nd stay at the Room Mate Grace (formerly the QT Hotel). It's still a great hotel in a perfect mid-town location next to Times Square.Two problems we did have - the online form we used did not transmit our booking to the hotel, which we later found out when email the hotel about our arrival - they had no record of our booking! The other slight down-side is the breakfast area is quite small and always busy, so it can be hard to find a table. Best to take a tray back up to your room we found!It was a good stay but it wasn't particulary cheep at $329 per night for a very 'cosy' room. Luckily the bed was great.	
Aug 13 2008 	Awesome hotel	I really love the hotel, ultra modern, clean, just great. The only things I can say about the room that could use improvement is the bathroom. It has a sliding door that closes off the toilet or the shower which is pretty cool but there is no door to the bathroom which is not cool. We had our 12 year old cousin with us and you cannot come out of the shower with being fully seen by everyone in the room. A little weird. We called the closet the changing room since it was the only private place in the room. The other glitch I felt was there wasn't anywhere to hang a towel near the shower or in it so we had to lay the towel on the floor. I can still say this is the coolest hotel I have ever stayed in and I have stayed in quite a few. Thanks for a great stay.	
Aug 7 2008 	We loved it!	The hotel is cute and we loved our staying! The only &quot;however&quot; is that the room is small, so if you like big rooms, you won't like it at all. We booked a standard room and got an upgrade to a larger room, but still was small. As we do not care about big rooms, we loved it! It was perfec for us (a couple without children). The people at the desk was very helpul and friendly. They made lots of reservations for us and gave lots of recommendations, always in a very good mood. The breakfast was great too. We definitely recommend this hotel. The relation cost/benefit was the best we could get!!! A lot of very good things at a very low cost. The location was perfect too. A few steps from time square and from the store &quot;Toy r us&quot;. Just a block to the subway.	
Aug 6 2008 	Fabulous Stay	Great place to stay very central and just a lovely experience. Breakfast is fab and sets you up for the day. Would definitely recommend it as somewhere to stay to friends and family.	
Aug 5 2008 	My Favorite Hotel	The Hotel Grace is an oasis in the middle of Times Square. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms are attractive, comfortable, clean, and quiet. Plus, on a hot day, what can beat a refreshing dip in the pool?	
Jul 25 2008	An amazing hotel in NYC!!!	We spent 4 nights at the Roommate Grace Hotel in New York and absolutely loved it! The hotel, located in the heart of Midtown, is well situated close to many attractions - Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, the Met, MoMA, among others. But its location is not its best feature. We loved the design of the hotel and our room. It is very modern and funky. While small, our room was so well designed that it functioned far better than a regular hotel room. We had ample room to unpack clothes in the closet and store our luggage under our platform bed. The bed itself was amazing; it was so comfortable and had great linens. The bathroom was spacious; the vanity opened into the bedroom but the shower and the toilet were self-contained. Everything was very modern in design. Breakfast was included with our room and served in the 2nd floor lounge. Cereals, fruit, yogurt, bagels, toast, eggs, croissants and muffins were offered daily along with juice, coffee, tea and hot chocolate. A small pool is located off the lobby and has a swim-up bar. The hotel staff are amazing. We always found everyone to be extremely helpful. We arrived in New York at 8:30 a.m. and were immediately given a room. Had a room not been available, they would have happily stored our luggage as they did the day we left but before we caught our flight out. The front desk staff upgraded our room as well! When asking for directions, subway help or restaurant recommendations, they were always ready and willing to help.Without hesitation, I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to New York and would most certainly stay there again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Room Mate Grace Hotel - Best 'Room Mate' in NYC	My boyfriend and I just returned from a 3 night stay at Hotel Grace. Both having traveled to NYC previously and stayed in various hotels spanning different price points (The Royalton, Doubletree Lexington and Hotel Solita) we are both very happy with Hotel Grace in virtually every aspect. Hotel location is prime - midtown location, steps from Times Square, Broadway, Park Ave, Madison Ave and subway stops. Rooms - if this is your first stay in NYC you may be shocked to find the rooms small in size but comparing to the other rooms we've stayed in the room size was pretty status quo. Comfortable beds, super clean (I am picky about cleanliness, let's just say obsessive compulsive) bed linens, floors, mirrors, sinks, all of it - SPOTLESS. Decor - modern, minimalist. Perfect for room size. Flat screen tv, IPOD dock/alarm radio; fridge where you can actually store your personal food and bevvies. Closet space sufficient with enough hangers and even a mini drawer for storing socks, belts and accessories. Staff - helpful, knowledgeable of the area. Some of the check-in staff could be a tad more friendly but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and chocking it up to the person having a bad day. The hotel caters, in my opinion, to a young adult crowd. In the evenings the hotel lobby bar and pool area are busy with patrons (aged 21-30), Top 40 music. Having said this there are plenty of restaurants, pubs and venues in the area so guests are not without options. Cab fare to most major boroughs approx $12. Continental breakfast - consists of variety of cereals, breads, fruits, coffee/tea, juices. Quality products. Value - as mentioned previously, having stayed at various hotels at different price points, this hotel is definitely the best value NYC hotel.  ** The smell that people have mentioned in other reviews - quite simply, the hotel has a pool, sauna and steam room, clearly there will be a chemical smell associated with these ammenities. Hardly disgusting and definitely does not permeate throughout the hotel. Moot point.Hope this review helps! Enjoy NYC.	
Jul 11 2008 	Amazing Hotel!	Room Mate Grace (previously Hotel QT) was excellent! It changed ownership to Room Mate on the day we arrived but everything went very smoothly at check in. The reception staff were all very friendly and very helpful.The hotel is seconds from Times Square and most attractions are in walking distance.The rooms were big with very comfortable beds and chic decor. The hotel bar and pool looked great but we didn't have the chance to use them!The breakfast was basic but good!Would definitely stay again!	
Jul 10 2008 	Perfect Location So Comfy!	My husband and I were celebrating our one year anniversary in New York this July and decided we wanted to find a unique, modern hotel for our stay. Not only was the Grace hotel unique and modern but it was so accomodating! The beds were so comfortable unlike most hotels and the shower was divine! We had problems with our A/C and the maintenance was there within 2 minutes to repair it. He decided that it was not a quick fix so they moved us to the suite free of charge for the inconvenience! The location is incredible, right on the edge of times square. The free breakfast was perfect and we appreciated the free wifi to check our email and plot where we were going to visit in the city. We plan on staying at the Grace Hotel every time we visit New York.	
Jul 6 2008 	Consistently friendly staff	Hotel Grace Exceeded our expectations in so many ways.1. From the beginning the hotel was very accomodating with our early check-in. 2. Very quiet hallways and rooms.3. Loved the bathroom - a big shower, nice fridge to keep cold drinks and lots of counter space. We also really appreciated the fluffy towels and large mirrors too.4. The beds and pillows were super comfortable and the linens were nice.5. The continental breakfast was delicious. It was the perfect place to get some real food while on vacation (yogurt, great fruit, bagels, bread, croissants, real orange juice (not Sunny D), and a fantastic choice of coffee. The breakfast made our day and we really appreciated the long availability of it. 6. What we noticed and appreciated the most was the consistency of the competant staff working at the hotel. From the front desk (24 hours) to someone to hail a cab early one morning, to the guy serving breakfast and the cleaning staff. All were very personable, knowledgeable and professional.7. For the price, coupled with the location and quality of the hotel this hotel was the best of the three hotels we stayed in while on vacation in NYC.8. We liked the idea of staying at a hotel with a pool. Late at night the pool turns into a bit of a pick up place by the looks of it. We didn't use the pool for this reason, but again - really loved that it could be used 24 hours a day.9. We would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay steps from many NY attractions, with all the comforts of home.While the rooms were well sized the platform that the bed was on took up much of the space of the floor. This is not for someone who has any physical limitations - climbing up on and getting off the bed can be tricky - even for this fit twenty-something aged person.Definately, this hotel knows what it is doing. We happily recommend this to everyone.	
Jul 6 2008 	A Swim Up Bar in Midtown	Great location just off the Broadway hub bub with small but very comfortable rooms. The lobby pool is really nice and the service is excellent.	
Jun 25 2008 	Fun fun fun in the theater district	I stayed at the Grace on business, checking in the Friday night before an early-morning seminar. Nonetheless, I wanted to get a little socializing in that night, and the hotel provided a great environment to do that in thanks to the pool and swim-up bar. It was lively but not crowded, and though somewhat small the adjoining steam room and sauna more than made up for it.The hotel as a whole is very modern and interestingly designed; only the hotel rooms show their age slightly in the drab, bare walls and exposed pipes, and even then the platform bed and the bathroom (fear not, it DOES have a door - a panel slides back and forth to cover the shower or toilet from view) made up for that. The whole hotel was VERY lively, and the rooms... less than soundproof. Still, despite the noise, I didn't have much of a problem dropping off to sleep on account of the comfy bed.The array of goodies for sale at the reception desk capped it off as a good, convenient place for a weary traveler to have a little fun. The Grace would be perfect for a leisure visit to NY, but even as a business stopover I very much recommend it.	
Jun 8 2008 	Lived Up To Expectations	I will be repeating 99% of the reviews of this Hotel. Staff, room, pool, bar, buffet breakfast, location were all fantastic. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The main clientele were aged between 20-40year olds, but I didn't feel out of place celebrating my 50th, (with a complimentary half bottle of champagne). Will most certainly return - the whole experience was memorable. Margaret-Scotland	
May 27 2008 	NOISY!!!!!! - May 25-26 2008	At Rm ending in &quot;05&quot; side of hotel...starting @6:45AM PILE DRIVING CRANE banging away made it IMPOSSIBLE TO SLEEP a minute longer!Otherwise, very nice &quot;practical&quot; , clean, hipwould stay-again type of place.D&amp;M	
May 1 2008 	Young and funny I'll come back	Young and funny hip hotel near Times Square; with a pool in the bar (and a lot of parties in the pool), wonderful continental breakfast (very good espresso-and-cappuccino machine), helpful and kind people at the reception desk (which is also a newstand and a little shop).Our room was very simple and confortable, with a lot of space for all our stuff.	
Apr 27 2008	Excellent place to stay in NYC	Near the hell of Times Square, this hotel is a real pearl in the Midtown area. This is a perfect place to stay if you're looking for a hip, trendy and cool scena at a walking distance from the subway and from the attraction of this part of Manhattan. Nice staff, the lreception desk is also a kiosk that sells newspapers, books, maps and beverages. In the lobby a small poll that at night becomes the set of crowded parties. Room was comfortable, quiet, large for NYC standards (you can choose different types of rooms) with a cozy large shower, fridge and safebox, a large LCD tv and ipod docking station. Design furniture. Very good continental breakfast included in the bar every morning and free coffe all day long. Only pay attention when you book as on the left side of the hotel they're working on a costruction of a new building so it can be noisy during the day.Definitely a place to stay if you go to NYC, hig standard, cool scene, good price.	
Apr 22 2008 	Hotel QT	We stayed at the Hotel QT whilst in NYC to get married (we eloped!). The first thing that strikes you is the very central location - a block away from Times Square. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful through out our stay, and we were given a complimentary bottle of champagne on our wedding day, which was a nice touch.We were first given a room on the 6th floor which was very oddly shaped and you walked through the door virtually into the bathroom. I returned to the reception/kiosk and asked for a second room. We were given a room on the 10th floor which was fine, except for the noise of construction work dircetly outside (stated at 6.30am!). We probably would have put up with this, but not for our wedding trip. I went to reception and was immediately upgraded to a suite on 15th floor. The suite was fantastic - one wall was entirely glass and you could see parts of Times Square through the buildings, it had a double shower and a huge bed on a platform. We would definately return to Hotel QT.	
Apr 20 2008	Loved it after starting out at 6th floor walkup!	I was traveling to NYC with my 16yr old daughter, an aspiring model. Our arrangements were made by a top model agency and initially we were put up in a 6th floor walkup sublet for us. Aside from the lack of elevator, the sheets and towels were dirty and there was one double bed for the 2 of us. After complaining to the agency, we were moved to the Hotel QT. I have never been so happy to see clean sheets and towels in my life! Our first experience probably made the QT more enjoyable for us because some of the things others have complained about did not bother us. The bed was so comfortable and large enough for two - very soft sheets and great pillows. Lots of amenities in the room which although small was manageable. There was a lot of construction noise which would normally annoy the heck out of me but we had early starts every morning anyway. The continental breakfast was very convenient - my only complaint is that they ran out of bananas midweek and wouldn't get any more til Saturday - why??? I loved being able to get my own latte's from the espresso machine whenever I wanted.My daughter tried the fitness room and complained that there were only reclining bicycles which were extremely noisy. The location just half a block off Times Square was very convenient also. I	
Apr 4 2008 	Fun Factor Fades Fast	I've stayed here four times now, recently two weeks ago. The QT, with it's tiny rooms, is fun and charming when it's cheap (&lt; $200/night) but the charm fades fast when it costs $100/night more than that. The 7am jackhammer next door didn't help (this empty lot may be an ongoing construction project, not sure).I still like the QT, but if it's going to stay competitive at it's current rates they need to upgrade a bit. Here are a few of the things my room needed: some kind (any kind!) of towel hook or rack; better place for your clothes than a few cheap plastic drawers, a thermometer control for the heating/AC that works, bathrobes, more staff at breakfast.	
Mar 31 2008 	Not that great...actually not very good at all	I think this hotel is over rated and my overall stay was unsatisfactory. Unfortunately there was construction happening next door to the hotel which meant we were woken each morning by a jack hammer at 6.30am on week days. This admittedly is out of the hotel's control and just bad luck but we also had the room next to us playing their techno music so loud we could hear it clearly through the walls (even WITH the jack hammer in the background).The pool in the lobby is a quirky (some might say 'cool') feature but the unglamourous reality of it is that you can smell the overpowering scent of chlorine through out the hotel: in the lobby, in the breakfast room while having breakfast etc. which is not pleasant.Perhaps most importantly is that the Hotel QT is not cheap. For a supposedly &quot;reasonably priced&quot; boutique hotel it cost us $340 a night ($388 inclusive of all the taxes) for a twin bed room per night. And we stayed for 9 nights! With all the problems we had I will go elsewhere next time I'm in New York. With the rate we were charged I really feel we could've got more for our money elsewhere.Lastly, I know that some people prefer to stay in midtown in the centre of things but Times Square is heaving with crowds of mostly tourists 24/7. After getting to know New York better during my vacation the areas of Soho, Greenich Village &amp; the east side with their great shops, cool boutiques and restaurants are more appealing locales to stay in the city whilst still being central.	
Mar 26 2008	Perfect!	We booked this hotel through Mr &amp; Mrs Smith so we knew it would be good &amp; we weren't disappointed.Location - The hotel is in a fab location just one street away from Times Square, so you're close to everything but it was also a lot quieter than we expected.Staff - ALL the staff were lovely, very friendly &amp; helpful. They helped get us taxis when we were in a hurry &amp; reserved a table for us at the Russian Tea Rooms (if you want to go to the Plaza, book in advance - we couldn't get in unfortunately!)Room - the room was great, bigger than we expected. The bed as a lot of people have said already was v. comfortable &amp; had great sheets too, loads of wardrobe space, massive shower, v.well equipped - safe, TV, DVD player, iPod dock, fridge, hairdryer, iron &amp; ironing board. It was v. cold when we were there so it was great we had control of the stat too.Facilities - the pool, gym, sauna &amp; steam room all looked great but we were so busy sightseeing we never got chance to use them. The shop in the lobby was v. well stocked with drinks, snacks, magazines etc. The bar (open til 1) was great, we had some lovely &amp; v.strong cocktails. The hotel transforms into a nightclub in the evening with DJs &amp; people in the pool (using the swim-up bar) and this is our only criticism of the place - it had a strange mix of tourists (like us!) and &quot;wannabes&quot; posing in / around the pool, the latter made it feel a bit like a swingers convention some nights! Food - it was great staying in a NY hotel where breakfast is included, as it gives you a chance to wake up properly before joining the chaos outside. Lovely continental breakfast - croissants, muffins, bagels, yogurts, fruit, cereals, juice, tea &amp; coffee. The take-away menus in our room looked v. appealing too, but we ate out all the time we were there.Value - we stayed over Easter when loads of other hotels were coming up at crazy prices, this was excellent value, especially considering the location.We loved NY and this hotel &amp; will be recommending it to our friends &amp; family and hope to return one day ourselves too.	
Mar 20 2008 	Too hip for its own good	They try. They really try. But the Hotel QT's insistence on being hip gets in its way.The good: Great location. Tiny room, but that's why they call it a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. Clean. I hear that breakfast is included, but since it's served starting at 7am, I had to miss it to make an 8am train. The young woman at the front desk was friendly and helpful, although she sent me to a non-existent restaurant. Oh well. It happens. Nevertheless, these are true strong points.But, when the designers had to choose between being functional or hip, they went for hip every time. For example, the shower head in my room was stylish. About a foot across, it hung directly above me. Very pretty. But, a foot-wide shower head disperses whatever water pressure it gets. As a result, you can't really shampoo your hair in it (especially if you have more hair than I do, which let's hope you do). And because it's fixed above you, you can't rinse the downward-facing parts of your body. Ahem.Not to mention that the shower area (an open part of the open bathroom -- very hip, unless you're rooming with someone you don't want to strip in front of) has an outside window as one wall. The window is frosted ... but only halfway up. Why oh why do the QT's designers think we all want to show off our nakedness to the building across the street?Likewise, the bed is on a platform with a lip jutting out. Since the rooms are not all that well lei, and because I am a klutz (all part of not being hip), I kept barking my shins on it. Just another example of a design decision made with hipness rather than functionality in mind.if stark, clean lines matter to you more than being able to take a good shower in a private room, then you will genuinely enjoy this hotel. But, either it is too hip or I am not hip enough, so the bottom line is that next time I'm going to look elsewhere.	
Mar 10 2008	Great NY Hotel	A stay at the QT Hotel in New York City is something else. You enter straight in to a front desk / convience store while youre eyes wander towards the pool that is located center &quot;lobby&quot; right next to the elevators. Innovation and the guts to do something totally different in a hotel are obvious and a wonderfull change for a frequent traveller. Located right off Times Square at a rate around 250 dollars it must be best deal in New York. The rooms are smaller than you average hotel room but the lay out is great and you miss nothing in your room. The bed, the ipod docking station and the bathrooom are all premiere quality. Stay at the QT next time in New York , buisness or leisure you wont be disappointet	
Mar 2 2008 	LOVED IT	My husband, myself and my daughter decided to take a day trip to NYC to see the Ripley's Believe It Or Not Museum in Times Square. We were having so much fun in NY that we decided to stay. At dinner we asked the bartender where we might find a room and he recommended the QT. From the moment we were greeted at the front door, until the time we checked out, the QT was quite an adventure.Walking into the lobby, we were greeted by 3 doormen and the reservation clerk. All extra friendly, good looking people. We were astonished that we could get a room with a King Size Bed and a single bed loft for under $300.00. We were checked in within 15 mins. On our way upstairs we passed the pool which was immaculate and noticed there was a bar there. Elevator was quick and clean and our room was beautiful! Clean, comfy and modern.After washing up we left and went to Little Italy and shopping and then returned. The Hotel was a party! People swimmng and laughing in the pool, music playing...it was alive! We loved it. My daughter who is a very impressionable 16 year old wanted to look around and we did. People were friendly, the door man knew and recognized us and we felt completely safe among the crowd. Security was excellent, the bed was comfortable and clean, huge shower, refrigerator, dvd player, just wonderful. Me and my daughter are returning next week to see a play and will be staying at the QT. I must say, that most important when travelling with my daughter is not walking into an empty lobby. I feel completely safe taking her there and staying a few days alone.Hats off to the QT. The atmosphere is just like the world outside its doors in Time Square. Alive, friendly, happy and comfortable. LOVED IT.	
Feb 29 2008 	QT (Quite Terrific)	The QT has all you need for a perfect stay in NY. Superb location, comfortable well equipped rooms, complimentary breakfast and great amenities. First off, location - right on the door step of Times Square and within easy walking distance of so many other landmarks too.We checked in about 3pm on a Saturday and found the service to be friendly and efficient. Same at checkout.Our room had a king sized bed with the most comfortable mattress I think I've ever slept on (well appreciated after a hard day/night pounding the pavements of NY). The room was well serviced every day with fresh towels and complementary toiletries.We only had time to make use of the pool/steam room once but it was blissfully rejuvenating, especially as the weather outside was pretty cold.Just one small negative - building work going on next door, which was quite noisy at times and looks like it is just starting out. Woke us Monday morning at 7am, however after that one day,it didn't start until 8.30ish by which time we were up anyway and by the time we'd returned the workers had gone home. Don't let it put you off - NY is a noisy place anyway!	
Feb 26 2008	Good value	You can't beat the location of the QT. While the room was quite small, the bathroom was expansive (I had a corner room). No frills, but clean and modern. Continental breakfast is included and makes this midtown Manhattan hotel quite a good value.	
Jan 29 2008 	QT? NT...	QT? No Thanks.I feel very churlish with my one &quot;dot&quot;, but I'm left with little alternative. To me, the best thing about QT was the ease at which I could book it online and the friendliness of the emails that I recieved before arrival.The problems started on arrival. The staff I found (with the exception of one) extremely stand-offish (moreso than your average NYer who invariably warms up after thick-skinned persistent efforts to engage in friendly banter!) and entirely unhelpful. The attitude started when I arrived early and they kept (to the second) to a 2pm check-in. Tick: unflexible. The &quot;lobby&quot; reminded me of your local YMCA complete with chlorine stench that permeated throughout the bottom floors of the hotel. The concept of a pool is great, the practicalities less so. Tick: stinky and remniscent of embarrassing days pulling at your flowery swimsuit in front of class mates aged 5.Also on the ground floor lobby, the &quot;check-in desk&quot; was more like a small newsagent kiosk (which it basically was): concept, you do everything yourself (buy magazines, water, remote control batteries (more of that in a minute) there). Requests to recommend/book a restauraunt or indeed any other general asistance you may ask for were met with a look bordering on (in quick succession): shock, horror and resentment.The lift was an experience in itself. When the lift doors did open the dark corridor was bathed in a hazy red light, a sort of montage of such movie comforters as Psycho and Dressed to Kill (but set in a brothel). Scary stuff.The room was, I will say, great fun. Bunk beds! Freezing lower bed by window (issue with seals I think) and the top bed was like a night in the fiery pits of hell. It was so hot up there (she points fearfully) that the metal ladder getting up was scorching. Also, the remote didn't work (even after I went to the &quot;kiosk&quot; to collect batteries. Twice). Room service? What room service: you get a pile of take-out menus and order yourself. This means that you have a warm glow inside, safe in the knowledge that unchecked psychopaths from the local takeaway (or whereever) are traipsing about the corridors looking like extras in said Psycho or Dressed to Kill. So lock your doors. For drinks (including alcoholic): you head to your trusty kiosk and for a mere 10 dollars and a face that looks like a bulldog chewing a wasp, you get a tin of luke warm diet coke. I won't mention how much the fizz cost.  Finally, the in-room &quot;loo&quot;. Oh, the loo. And the shower. Our room had no separate loo: like a UK studio flat (except without the separate room for the loo). The actual loo is situated behind a wall to preserve the visual (but not audio) modesty. The shower is covered only by a curtain (not the area leading to it), so if you didn't live &quot;in a naked house&quot; and you are sharing with someone who does not regularly see you naked, you must dart (watching not to slip and crack head on the cute mosiac titles - what a way to go) furtively behind the shower curtain while your cohabitee is bashing the remote control on the table, ordering take out.Always one to accentuate the positive: it meant that we got the most of my favourite city and rarely spent more than 20 minutes a day there!Devasting review, but I hated the place. Cutie idea, but poorly executed. QT will remain just that for me...	
Jan 20 2008 	Great location very clean and fun amenities	We had an excellent time at the QT, that was only marred a wee bit once we returned home. (More about that later.)We arrived on a Saturday around Noon and we were promptly checked in earlier then the normal check in and up we went to our room. The room was very clean, had a fridge (no microwave) and a shower large enough for two. The location is excellent across from Night Hotel, Bond 45 and Times Square is less then a block away. I even journeyed out one night by myself to a restaurant two doors down from QT and didn't feel the least bit scared and I normally am scared of my own shadow.The room was made up each day by the maid, and the temperature never needed adjustment. I heard someone in the hall maybe once during our 5 day stay. I'm not sure if the alarm worked or if I just set it incorrectly - but it didn't work the first morning. Using the wake up call service - remedied that on future mornings.The coolest part is that this hotel has a pool, a sauna and a steam room and a swim up bar. We really enjoyed these areas, but I think some of the going ons would have been inappropriate for guests under 21. It was just one group of people, and perhaps that's never happened, but it made our stay in the steam room a shorter one then we would have normally liked.I liked the continental breakfast (bagels, juice, milk etc.), but found it hard to find a seat most mornings. So everything about the hotel was very nice and as expected. The one low point was that we were there during the strike that cab drivers had about GPS units being put into their vehicles. Since we needed to get to the airport we ordered a car from reception. Unfortunately we were overcharged for the service based on the verbal quote the front desk gave me when I scheduled the car ride. Some of the money was returned by the hotel - but, I'm sure this was all just a miscommunication by the car service - which is owned by Balazas who owns QT. All in all - I would stay here again IF i wanted to stay near TS. I have recommended this hotel to friends and rest assured they will have a sweet time!	
Dec 30 2007 	Pretty much lives up to expectations	Stayed for 8 days just before Christmas in a very nice corner room with a view of Times Square. Double bed up on a platform, so slightly awkward, but great to lounge and look at the lights.Room facilities excellent: comfortable bed, excellent linen, good functional bathroom although weak water pressure, iPod player/alarm, DVD, good TV, fridge that you can stock, good storage. Well above what you'd expect for the price in a city centre hotel (be it London, Paris etc) and very attractive style, if sepulchral corridors and common areas. Complimentary continental breakfast perfect. Pool a bit bizarre (particularly the pool smell that you greets you at breakfast) but I suppose I'm showing my age. Deli down the street for stocking up or coffee/snacks that you can bring to your room, although temporarily closed by NY Hygiene when we were there! Hotel also fine with take outs delivered to room. Excellent location for 5th Ave shopping, museums (MoMA, Int Centre of Photo), restaurants and especially plays Broadway or off Broadway. 42nd St/Time Sq subway adjacent but Times Sq insanely busy to fight your way through.Downtown locations (SoHo etc) might be cuter - Midtown all go.Nice staff, does exactly what you'd imagine as a hotel. Not an upmarket hostel, as some reviewers seem to imagine. Actually much better equipped and with more style than many so-called superior hotels.	
Dec 28 2007 	The QT is Fantastic	My boyfriend and I stayed at the QT between Dec 18th and Dec 23rd during our winter getaway to New York. Our taxi driver from JFK found our hotel very easily (the ride took about 40 mins ($53 inc. tip and toll)). We entered the hotel and approached the front desk/kiosk and were greeted by a kind lady who swiftly wished us a happy anniversary (my boyfriend and I also celebrating our 3rd year together). As we completed our check-in, I requested to buy a bottle of water and it was given to me for free(I love free stuff!) The receptionist also upgraded our room and stuck to all of the guidelines we provided on our booking (i.e. room on high floor to avoid street noise). When we went out for a few hours, on our return we found that the hotel staff were kind enough to leave in our a room an anniverary card, chocolate,and some alcohol to celebrate. We were pleasantly surprised by the design of our room (it was minimalist and cleverly desined).Becasue the QT does not have its own restaurant, in the room portfolio(provided in each room), we found menus for local restaurants which deliver (from Mexican to Italian to Chinese to Sushi). The tv had about 40 channels (although we were out most of the time), and the room was equipped with a dvd player, minifridge and ice box to stock up using the ice machine in each hallway.The breakfast was divine(!): Fresh bagels, eggs, muffins, yogurt orange juice, and array of teas, coffee etc. etc.Re location: couldnt be more perfect! We were literally steps from Times Square (exact location W 5th and Broadway)! Within 10 mins walk from the hotel is MTV Studios, all Broadway shows, 42nd Street Subway (one stop/4mins from 34th Street where you can find Macy's!), 5th Ave.(remember that Broadway is actually 7th Ave and so all the major shopsare just two Avenues down), Port Authority Bus Station (where you can get a bus directly to Woodbury Common Factory Shopping Outlet), and Restaurants such as Junior's for their legendary cheescake!Overall, this was a fantastic hotel. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to any of our friends visiting the city in the future. The only thing that has stopped me from giving this hotel a full 5/5 is the fact that the indoor pool &amp; pool bar (which looked so inviting) was unavailable to hotel guests for most of our visit due to parties being held by external business. This is the only thing that has stopped me from giving Hotel QT a full score of 5/5.Tips: To save money, buy a 7-day metro card which allow you anywhere on the Metro system. Also, there are plenty of delis between 5th Ave and Broadway, where you can get hot food as well as salads on the cheap for dinner.	
Dec 26 2007 	Amazing Hotel	QT is a very nice hotel in a very good place. Close to Time Square and Theatre District. The rooms are cleaness and cozy. The linen and the bed are very confortable. I recommend this place if you want to be near a Time Square.	
Dec 3 2007 	NY's best kept secret	This is a terrific hotel giving a very good value for the money. I wanted to show my sister NY, and had a heck of a time finding a room between Thanksgiving and Christmas that I didn't have to sell a kidney to pay for. People at my company told me that this hotel was a good one. They were right. Rooms are on the small side, but so well designed it's not really noticeable. The room my sister and I stayed in had big windows that filled it with light. Mattress was a Sealy, and very, very comfortable, with soft sheets and a down comforter. The biggest surprise was the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, in an attractive dining room. Three different cereals, hard boiled eggs, lattes, expressos, or coffees, fresh squeezed orange juice and yougurt, fresh bagels -- what a great breakfast, thrown in for free with the room. c\Couple that with the location off Times Square, and honestly, it's NY's best kept secret. Only thing I really didn't like was the hallway to the room -- seriously dark and a little forboding. But, that's a small enough criticism.	
Nov 18 2007 	Beware nighttime construction noise next door	I just left after a week at the QT, where I've stayed many times. As others have commented, there is much to recommend it:O the location is wonderful (a half-block east of Times Square)O the staff are pleasant and helpfulO the beds are comfyO the free breakfast is excellent -- REAL croissants, bagels, muffins, along with hard-boiled eggs, cereals, yogurt, etc.O there is a hi-tech espresso machine, available 24 hrs a day, that makes reasonably good espresso, lattes, and cappucinos (decaf and regular)HOWEVER, there is construction under way next door to the hotel; it looks as though a building will soon be going up where there used to be a parking lot. But the noise is not during normal construction hours: It lasted from approximately midnight until dawn, apparently because trucks can't get through (or aren't permitted to) during the day. The noise wasn't constant, but I was awakened from time to time by clanking (steel beams being unloaded?), and didn't enjoy restful sleep all week.It's probably a good idea to ask about the construction when making a reservation.A few recommendations near the QT: O Orso Italian restaurant -- Like the QT, right in the heart of the theater district; excellent, reasonably-priced, charming placeO John's Pizzeria -- justifiably renowned pizza and FABULOUS baked ziti. Quite cheap, pleasant ambiance (it's a converted church), but noisy. A couple of blocks from the QT.O DB Bistro Moderne -- not cheap, but superb &quot;modern&quot; bistro food; owned by chef Daniel Boulud. A couple of blocks from the QT.O Tang Pavilion -- about a 20-minute walk from the QT, just off 5th Avenue near the Plaza Hotel, FAO Schwartz, etc. Amazingly cheap, excellent Chinese (esp. Shangai-style) food in a superb location.	
Oct 31 2007 	Chic and central	Great location if you're looking for somewhere central. The lobby, bar and pool are all very chic. Our room was a decent size (we went for a B room) with an incredibly comfortable bed. The decor was very boutique hotel and simple. My only complaint is the fact that the bathrooms are integrated into the rooms leaving little privacy for sharers. We were on the 6th floor and the background noise of Midtown Manhattan is very loud and constant.Generally the service was great though when I called to sak for replacement batteries for the tv remote (jet lag meant a night in was required) I didn't get a response all night. A note left for the cleaner the next day received an immediate response.All in all a great hotel, reasonably price in a very central location.	
Sep 18 2007 	Midtown Convenience	If you are looking for a modern chic hotel with a great midtown location, check out the Hotel QT.The room we had was small but it was great since we were out all day and just wanted a nice place to change and sleep. Our room had twin bunk beds each w/ a small flat screen TV, Egyptian cotton sheets, mini-fridge, and CD/DVD player.The location is great. Half a block from Times Square and within walking distance of Rockfeller Center (4 blocks), Radio City Music Hall (5 blocks), Bryant Park (4 blocks), Empire State Building (11 blocks) and Macy's (12 blocks). OK, 12 blocks may seem like a lot but it is easier than taking a cab and the blocks are not that big.The only negative about our stay was that our DVD player was missing. When I informed the front desk (very friendly) about it they said they would check into it. They called back and said they couldn't get the one that belonged to our room to work. In return they offered a complimentary bottle of wine or champagne. When I accepted their offer, they were very apologetic and threw in some chocolate with the bottle of wine. What is better than chocolate with wine?The complimentary continental breakfast was very tasty and fresh and also included cappuccino.If you want the convenience of being in midtown Manhattan without a lot of frills check in to the Hotel QT.	
Sep 10 2007	Cool QT	This hotel was so fun and so cool. Of course I rated it based on what it is and aspires to be, not as compared to the Ritz Carlton or somewhere like that. The QT is a light, playful, somewhat edgy boutique hotel in the heart of Times Square that is an amazing value for the money. You could easily pay double what we did and get some gross, stuffy monstrosity, so I thought this was an amazing find. The rooms are small-ish, but not too horrible by New York standards. The downstairs pool-area is really hopping at night, but it is a very young-ish party scene to be sure. That isn't our scene at all and we still loved the hotel. And there were other fun loving people like us in their forties we saw at breakfast. Highly recommended.	
Aug 24 2007 	Would be great with a little tweaking	Location: Perfect. You are steps from the middle of Times Square.Personnel: very friendly, not snooty or affected at all, as some reviews have stated.Other Guests: A very european crowd. Room: Small, but it was fun to see how they utilized space. If you think something major is missing, make sure you search for it. Light switches have dimmers-little toggles on the side of switch. shower was not that great - NO water pressure. Some people mentioned there was no toilet area door - there was a pocket door tucked into the wall in our room. They had Kiss my Face shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. They have hairdryers. Our room had a little refrigerator which you could stock with things you buy down at the front desk. the bed was VERY comfortable. Don't expect a view.Problems: when we walked in our room, it was registering 85 degrees. Sweltering. we told the front desk when we left. when we returned it was registering below 70, which was fine with us. BUT, in the middle of the night, something happened and it was registering 85 again when we woke up. we called maintenance and something was done without entering our room, seems suspicious.Our alarm clock had been set by a previous guest and it went off at 4:00am with creepy music.Dining: Breakfast was great. Clean. Good coffee. Bagels. Yogurt. Fruit. Cereal. Really good croissants. The host was friendly.Pool and Bar area /Rest of Hotel: Looks like alot of fun, if you're in the young, stylish crowd! they also had a nice small gym. The halls are really dark and kind of creepy. There is furry, hairy wallpaper!Cost, Value: our room that slept 3 ended up being about $400/night with taxes. Since it's new york, i guess that's a good deal?	
Aug 22 2007	Knock-off is spot on	In an area where you can buy knock-off designer purses at every corner, this W styled hotel is well situated. Although the hotel lacks some of the finer points offered by the W chain, it does offer a complimentary continental breakfast, reasonable parking rates (for self park) and an empty fridge to be stocked as you please. The only service that we missed was a decent concierge--most people came prepared with copies of the Lonely Planet NYC in tow. Still, a good concierge is invaluable in a city like New York. The bar in the hotel has a view into the 24/7 pool where 20 somethings reenact their high school pool party fantasies. Despite the well used bar service to the pool, few actually left the area during the couple of hours we were there. Bad news for the kiddies who go swimming in the tepid water the next day. The rooms are well designed for the limited space, clean and pretty cute. Excellent location for catching the subway but not so great for bars and night clubs which are filled to the brim with other annoying tourists. All in all, a good choice.	
Aug 15 2007	Small rooms but clean stylish and modern	The QT is very well located just minutes away from Times Square. The main draw is the interior which is modern, minimalist and stylish. The trendy bar and pool are situated right beside eachother and there is a great steam room. The bar and pool were closed one evening though for a private party. The rooms are equipped with Ipod decks, flatscreen TV's and a great shower room. Space is at a premium however and the rooms do feel small. The other drawback about the room is that the toilet is separated from the bedroom by only a sliding door which doesn't lend much privacy. All in all this hotel is in a great location and is very stylish but quite small.	
Aug 7 2007	Absolutely Fabulous	This was a great hotel to stay at, in the heart of NYC, the staff were fabulous, the room was fun!! Do not stay if you are expecting&quot;laura ashley&quot; florals. This is a very modern, functional hotel. The pool was a great added bonus, the music excellent, wireless internet access, all good nothing bad!!	
Aug 6 2007	fine atmosphere but room w hardly any daylight	chose the hotel based on the little availability in town on the dates I stayed, and for the only available option at QT I paid 400$+ per night.Hotel was generally good but obviously no value for money.Very friendly and helpful personnel at check-in, large room on 3rd floor, with one very small window of say one yard by one yard. If you need to spend daytime inside your room = QT not to be recommended.Difficult also to get good cell phone contact from inside the room.Excellent bed, in typical design hotel layout, which was fine.Did not use the pool, but as a European, and given the location of the pool just at the bar and the mostly young guests, have no problem with topless swimming at all.And very convenient location close to Times Square. Excellent italian restaurant across the street.In summary, very good but too expensive	
Aug 1 2007	Ultra-modern scene	The pool in the lobby is quite an unusual feature, particularly on evenings where there are pool parties. DJ spinning 70s brit-pop on the night I was there. Bikini-clad women (some drunk and removing their tops before being asked by staff to put them back on), steam rooms, saunas, showers. Never seen anything like it.Rooms are small but have a nice, modern Scandinavian design feel. Modern, upscale, well-designed bathrooms with good products and luxurious towels.For location, it's right in the middle of Times Square. Whether that's good or bad is for you to decide. Personally, I prefer other areas of the city.	
Jul 29 2007 	cute and modern	After a very long trip to get to New York City,my husband and I were looking forward to checking into our room.Upon arrival we were told that there was a &quot;problem&quot; at the hotel that day and our queen sized bed we had booked was not available that night and we would be staying in a room with four twin sized bunk beds.Not much of a romantic holiday!The next day we were upgraded to a king sized room which was great.The location of the hotel was excellent.There was some questionable activities going on in the pool at night(naked girl)so I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone over the age of 30.Breakfast as also very good.The hotel staff was not the greatest,they could use a few lessons in customer service,but overall it was a good hotel.	
Jul 23 2007 	Cozy Paradise in Bustling NYC	I've stayed in New York City several times, and this hotel is by far my favorite. The rooms are a little small, even for New York, but they were cozy all the same. We stayed in a Room C, with two bunk beds. The beds were extremely comfortable and equipped with Egyptian cotton. Each bed had its own personal TV that hooked up to a DVD/CD player mounted underneath the platform beds. However, when we got to our rooms we found that our room did not have a DVD/CD player. We called once down to the desk and the told us that it was indeed under the platform bed, which it wasn't. The second time we asked in person and they told us that our room never did have a DVD player, like promised.We stayed on the fourth floor and yet our room was very, very quiet and peaceful. The bathroom was a little less private than most because it had no door. It did have a sliding door between the shower and the toilet, enclosing the toilet in. It also, of course, had a shower curtain for the shower. The pool, sauna, and steam room were quite enjoyable. The pool was very warm- 92 degrees at one point- and very small. During the morning and afternoon there were few people there besides us. However, we went once at midnight to swim and found out that a private party was using it and that we couldn't swim until 1:30am. We were supposed to have recieved notice of this in our rooms, but we hadn't. The hotel was very cooperative with us when we informed them of this and we recieved $50 off of our room rate. Also, the continental breakfast was impressive. The service was also impressive as they gave us directions and held our bags for free the day we checked out. All in all, we had a very positive experience. If you are going to New York City, don't miss out on this rare gem. Stay at the Hotel QT!	
Jul 17 2007 	The Fabulous Hotel QT	This was my first trip to NYC and i had been planning it for about 4 months. My friend recommended this Hotel to me as a budget, basic, modern hotel, sounded perfect. I am a member of Mr and Mrs Smith and the hotel was on there so we booked it through them. When we arrived at aprox 2am we were greeted with a huge smile and and a warm welcome from the front of house staff. We where then given a free room upgrade and vouchers for our free drinks in the bar (the free drink was part of the deal through Mr and Mrs Smith but the upgrade was not). The room had a humongous king size bed and another small double bed suspended from the ceiling. sink in the living area near the closet and a big bathroom with huge shower. I have never slept in a more comfortable bed in my life, it made it very hard to get out of it each morning! There was no view to speak of but it really really didnt make a difference. the location of the hotel is just off Times Square and it takes no time at all to get anywhere in the city by Taxi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone. The staff are really friendly, helpful and professional, the rooms are great and the location ideal for a first timer. Book it now!	
Jul 14 2007 	Too "weird" if you consider yourself "normal"	Our stay was an experience!UPs:- Location / Rates / Bed and pillows / TV, DVD and CD / free and good breakfast / free wireless internet conectionDOWNs- Embarassing bathroom / Tiny bedroom / StaffFirst it was something difficult to find out that the bookstand was the front desk. The staff had that kind of cool/superior look, like they'd preffer to be at a VIP party that we, guests were not invited. The room was VERY small, but we were able to hide our luggage under the bed, so we could walk around the bed. And bed was really comfortable, just as advertised. The room was very quiet too.The bathroom was not so small, with separate shower and toilet area. The only problem was a huge glass wall at this area with a complete view of a comercial building. Sometimes, when we were taking a shower we could look at people taking xerox copies at the next building. I am not sure if they could see us too...But it was VERY embarassing.The other guests were very young and very trendy. It was nice to watch them at breakfast.There were private parties, almost every night, at the pool and bar. When we arrived late at night we could watch the party guests enjoying themselves at the pool in many &quot;different&quot; ways. I was glad we didn't take the kids.It was not a completely bad experience because we had MANY stories to tell when we came back home.	
Jul 13 2007 	Big mistake	I arrived late on a Friday night. As soon as I stepped in the door, the odor of chlorine from the pool hit me, along with the blaring music. A lively party was going on in the pool, but no one seemed interested in helping arriving guests. I didn't see that the magazine kiosk/candy counter was also the &quot;front desk.&quot; I had to shout to make myself heard. In the room, the platform bed was comfortable, but it was at window height, with no space in between, so cold air blew across the bed. I finally had to stuff an extra blanket below the curtain. The lighting was so dim that it was hard to see things on the floor. The remote control for the TV didn't work. &quot;Breakfast&quot; was serve-yourself coffee, bagels, and cold cereal, and there are only a few places to sit, so you may have to wait a long time. The rooms come with no amenities, which in these days of no carry-on liquids or gels, is shocking considering the room rates. What I'd hoped would be a fun weekend turned out to be quite unpleasant. I wouldn't stay there again under any circumstances.	
Jul 13 2007 	A Cut Above.	The QT is probably one of the better small hotels for this part-time. Sure the rooms are small but the rates, breakfast included, location and the overall quality makes this a worthwhile place to stay. They were even repainting the main columns in the lobby when I was there. Unlike so many hotels this place shows an attention to details. The free breakfast, by US standards, was excellent.	
Jul 11 2007 	Trendy Midtown Hotel	If you want super trendy and cool then the QT is for you. The kiosk style reception and the swim up pool in the lobby were nice touches. The location if you want to be in Midtown is great, a minutes walk and you are in Times Square. The staff weren't over friendly but that wasn't a big deal. One warning! If you are choosing the cheapest of rooms then it will be very very small, ours was just about big enough to fit a double in, there was a lack of storage for cases but it was all well furnished and clean. The breaksfast was alright too, basic but enough to start your day!!	
Jul 5 2007 	Fun and Different	Wasn't sure what to expect but was very pleasantly surprised. All front desk staff except one or two people were super helpful and friendly. King bed was super comfortable. More counter space in the bathroom would have been nice but no biggie. Pool and lounge were super chique. Breakfast was just right. Front desk is a retro 50's style candy counter. Location is awesome near Time Square but a few steps out of the hub bub and centrally located in Midtown. Room was plenty spacious for two. Nothing was lacking. Would stay again if I could get another good deal. Was lucky enough to get an avg/night price of $179 CAN for five nights + taxes and fees. Friends from New York visited us at the hotel and they plan on recommending it to their visitors to the city. But ask for an upgrade to a King when you check in.	
Jun 23 2007 	Superb 7 nights	I have just returned from a wonderful 7-night stay at the QT with my girlfriend. I had booked an F Class room, but prior to arriving i emailed the hotel and explained that my girlfriend had been travelling for the last 3 months and we were meeting up in New York and i wanted to book a meal for us both. They recommended a trendy tapas bar (Sortie) and booked it, upgraded our room, and also arranged for flowers to greet her arrival!!The hotel itself is very hip, breakfast was great, croissants, bagels, cereal juice fruit etc Just what u need before a day of sight seeing.I used the pool/sauna/steam room a couple of times n it was always empty. Bar was also good, with friendly bar-staff.Staff on the desk were always helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Location is great, literally 50 yards from times square.As for New York itself, it's my second time here and i can't wait to go back. I would definately stay here again.A side note, if u do visit NY i would definately recommend going up the Top of the Rock (Rockefeller) as opposed to the Empire State, it's (slightly) cheaper, much better views of central park, plus u get a view of the empire state, and the whole experience is more polished.Conclusion, if you want a hip, inexpensive, friendly midtown hotel, then i can't think of anywhere better.	
May 29 2007 	I recommend this hotel!	I recently stayed in this hotel as a surprise trip for my boyfriends' 30th birthday - i had contacted the hotel in advance to tell them this &amp; to ask for advice on places to go so was nicely surprised to find when we arrived that we had been upgraded which definitely made our jet lag feel better (&amp; my wallet as i had already got a great deal on this place on the mr &amp; mrs smith website!). The hotel was great, very modern and the staff were incredibly friendly &amp; helpful. The location is great for tourists and for those who just want to enjoy the nightlife which is the category we fell into. The hotel bar is a great place to start or finish your night - the measures are very strong....take your swimming costume down if you're feeling brave!Overall i would recommend this hotel if you want a modern &amp; funky place to stay, good location, don't mind having a medium sized room &amp; want a great nights' sleep on the best bed i've ever laid on.	
May 23 2007 	Can't wait to go back!	This hotel was a tue gem! What a find!! I had one of the smallest rooms listed on the website but it was plenty big for one and would have been just fine for 2 people. The underbed storage area made it the room feel bigger than it was. The bathroom was well-appointed and I appreciated having a shower rather than a tub--it felt much roomier, I always feel very claustrophobic in hotel tubs. The neutrogena shampoo/conditioner/shower gel were definitely welcome. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE at the QT was extremely friendly, from the front-desk (very accommodating when my room wasn't ready for check-in--I was early--in taking my bags, helping me find my way around the City, etc) to the cleaning lady who had a smile on her face all the time. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate and consisted of coffee/fresh juice, bagels, croissants, fruit, yogurt, muffins, and hard-boiled eggs. The pool was a nice addition too at the end of a long day before heading back out to the theatre at night. And there were no creepy men, as someone previously mentioned. It does get a little busy at night in the bar area but it was never a problem and there was always security present. As a female traveling alone, the location was ideal in the heart of the theatre district, I never felt unsafe walking to the hotel. Overall, this was the best hotel experience and I can't wait to go back to the QT!!!!	
May 15 2007 	Hotel QT was great	It was our first time to NYC and we loved Hotel QT. It was in a great location, just 200yds away from Times Square and virtually all the main attractions were within walking distance.The hotel is clean and friendly and the rooms are simple but lovely. After our first night we asked to be moved to a higher floor because of the noise outside and they moved us with no fuss to level 15 of 16.We are ashamed to say we never used the pool (just too busy) but it looked really nice and had a swim up bar.The free breakfast was great, nice orange juice, fresh bagels, croissants, muffins and fruit. The Hotel and rooms were always clean and the beds were comfy. Also from what we were expecting of NYC rooms they weren't badly sized either. I great place to eat just round the corner is the Brooklyn Diner just off times square at 43rd st (we think).All in all, after hearing a lot of horror stories about the cheaper hotels in NYC we loved the QT and its price. We got a room for $190 plus taxes a night and would highly recommend it. Couldn't get a better located hotel this nice for the price.Paul &amp; LauraPS We have read some reviews that say the lighting was very dark in their rooms... so was ours, until we found the dimmer slide next to the light switch!!!	
May 4 2007 	Good Value Comfy Beds Crazy Neighborhood	This is the second time I've stayed at the Hotel QT. The rooms are quiet, calm, and clean. The free breakfast and free Wi-Fi make this a good value. I was in a room on the third floor, so I could hear the thumpa-thumpa-thumpa of the speakers from the bar downstairs at night. It didn't bother me, but I know that it would drive my husband bananas if he had been traveling with me. My big problem is that Times Square is getting so out-of-control crowded that I'm not sure I want to stay there anymore. I come to NYC primarily for business, and it gets tiring, pushing through the millions of people who have never seen a Toys-R-Us before just to get to the subway downtown. I'll probably be back, but not during high tourist season.	
Apr 22 2007 	QT Multiple Stays	My business has taken me to NYC twice in the past month and Hotel QT is on their preferred vendor list. I was so pleased with my stay the first time around I begged to have them book it the second time for my week stay. The location is stellar. Pubs for a night cap right next door, Duane Reade for essentials right up the block...and most importantly Times Square a stone's throw from the front door. The staff was freindly and helpful, the complimentary breakfast...while light...is still a good value and beats the egg wedge and crusty potato cake you get at most &quot;free breakfasts&quot;. The pool was the discussion of my trip the whole time. My business associates who stayed at other hotels did not believe I had a swim-up bar at the hotel and it took a google search to prove it. The best part of the pool area for me is that they had underwater speakers and they CARED about the music. Most places hit the radio and forget about it. You can tell that the music is suited for the arc of the day. Very quiet and calming early morning and gradually increasing in energy until nighttime when it is bumpin. Certainly not a place for the modest! All of the lobby and bar area can see you in pool (what polar bears must feel like at zoo) and my shower on the 11th floor had a HUGE bay window looking out to offices across...half was frosted...but anyone with binoculars and some time could get quite a show looking at that hotel. The bed was TOO comfortable...it was quite hard to get out of it each morning! Once I did however, had a swim, had a steam, had free breakfast, enjoyed my rain shower, got dressed and hit the city...I felt rested, relaxed, and rejuvinated...all signs of a good hotel. Love the QT....charming...inventive...quirky...fun!!! Try something new...you will love it.	
Apr 15 2007 	Excellent stay at the QT	Myself and my partner have just returned from a 6 night stay at the hotel Qt. Having read some of the reviews on the website we were slightly concerned about the size of room we were to have and the activities within the pool area!However this Hotel is excellent. We had room F (smallest style) and found it to be perfect for us - large, comfy double bed, LCD TV with DVD player, Ipod alarm clock, huge modern bathroom with rain effect walk-in shower (with Neutrogena products). Closet space is a little limited but there is plenty of space on the platform surrounding the bed. We were on the 11th floor at the back of the building and it was extremely quiet. They were actually fitting new windows in all rooms during our stay so all rooms should be very sound-proof!The location is very convenient for Times Square, Fifth Avenue, and Macy's. Choice of 2 subway stops in Times Square - one to the right and to the left. There are 3 good Irish bars within a couple of doors of the hotel and of course you have the bright lights of times square down the street - Virgil’s BBQ is a good place to head if you are hungry - think hand towels instead of napkins!The hotel lobby is cool with very helpful and friendly staff. The pool area is lovely ... especially after a hard day shopping. It is very quiet during the day and early evening, it did get busier after 8pm but was not too loud and we were not offended or uncomfortable - Don't be put off by some reviews stating wild parties throughout the night, we certainly did not see any.The hotel breakfast is served from 7-11am (mid-day on weekends) and is very enjoyable - especially the croissants and lattes (there is a free coffee machine available all day and night)There were a variety of people staying at the hotel - couples of all ages, families, small groups of friends and business people.Overall - excellent hotel, excellent staff and excellent location.	
Apr 14 2007	Open plan bathroom! :(	Beautifull hotel, extremely helpfull staff. However if you are sharing a room, and do not feel comfortable about the idea of doing your &quot;toilet business&quot; in a bathroom without door, I would not recommend this hotel. The bathrooms are adjacent to the room open plan (no door no wall).	
Mar 12 2007 	Sleek and Comfortable	-Fabulous location. However, if you really want to see the real New York, get away from Times Square and visit TriBeca, Williamsburg, Soho, Greenwich or the East Village!-Rooms were small, minimalist and trendy. Made very good use of converted office building. Like everyone else, I agree that the bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. I usuallyhave a hard time sleeping in hotels but I was asleep within minutes.-Sauna, steam room, pool and bar area were amazing and very sleek. I only stayed here one night but used the facilities twice because it was so refreshing and relaxing. (Beware the creepy men if you're a girl though).-The hotel website offered an inflated rate of $270 in Feb for the cheapest room but if you shop around a bit online you can get a much better rate.-Staff were helpful and friendly. -The free breakfast was very adequate (cereals, hard-boiled eggs, muffins, bagels, OJ, oatmeal etc...) I enjoy how late they have the serving hours especially after a very late night of partying. Overall it was a very young, fun and hip hotel that I would stay at again. The rooms are adequate and nothing special, but the facilities are great.	
Mar 10 2007 	Hotel QT = QualiTy	My boyfriend and I went to NYC for a valentines break in February and stayed at the fab Hotel QT for 5 nights. We'd booked this hotel about 6 months in advance and managed to get a rate of $200 per night for an 'F' room on the hotel's website, which compared to other hotel prices at the time worked out v cheap for the location and rating. We asked to be given a room on a higher floor because some of the reviews we'd seen on Tripadvisor had mentioned street noise and/or noise coming from the bar during the night.The reception area as you walk into the hotel is the brightest and coolest I have ever seen. You can stock up your mini bar from here with lots of different snacks and drinks (at a cost of course!). Upon check-in we were upgraded,which was a nice surprise. Our room was on the 13th floor (which we appreciated because we'd asked for a room higher up). The room was very generous and was probably the equivalent of a 'B' room on the hotel website. The decor and room was minimalistic but it had all the basics you need.The king sized bed was very comfy (probably the best we've slept in!) and helped us get a good nights sleep after all the walking and shopping we did during the day. There was a wardrobe, which consisted of a pully curtain, rail (with hangers), a plastic set of drawers, an iron and an ironing board attached to the wall. There was also a flat screen TV, safe, fridge, ipod alarm clock, table with chair and a window seat. The room was cleaned everyday, fresh towels were always left and the shower gel, shampoo and conditioner was always restocked.Breakfast was really nice, a good selection of cereal, bagels, muffins and croissants and a choice of coffee, teas and fresh juice. The cutlery and plates were plastic but we thought this was a quirky touch!The bar was great at night with a nice atmosphere. The drinks were a little expensive but we were on holiday, so didn't really mind. Try the apple martinis!On Valentines Day we were left a little note from the hotel and 2 boxes of love heart sweets, which we thought was a nice touch!All the staff at the hotel were all really nice and helped us out with directions to shops and attractions when we needed it. The location is brilliant for doing the tourist thing. Times Square is just to the right out of the front door and 6th Ave is literally a minute to the left. The nearest subway station is on 42nd at Times Square and is probably the best way to get down to the Statue of Liberty, Battery Park and for hopping off at Greenwich Village.We loved the decor and layout of the hotel, it wasn't on a big scale but had everything you needed in the space it had. If you are used to going to chain hotels, or like standard things such as wooden wardrobes and metal cutlery then this hotel probably isn't for you. But if you do want to try something different and be in the centre of midtown manhattan then this is the place for you! I would recommend this hotel to younger couples and groups of friends who are visiting NYC for the experience and want a hip, fun base to go back to at the end of the day/night.	
Mar 7 2007 	Good Unique Low-Frills Option	I stayed at the QT over a cold weekend in February and it was a great choice. I booked the cheapest available rate, $199/night, through the hotel website, and when checking in was given a complimentary upgrade. The room, on a high floor, had a bit of a view of the lights of Times Square. It was small but perfectly arranged, with a small table, a very small TV, and a large king size platform bed with one of the most comfortable mattresses I've ever had the pleasure of sleeping on. The bathroom was minimal with a rain-style showerhead, overall lighting could have been better, and in the extremely dry NY winter a small bottle of body lotion would have been appreciated. The pool/bar area was a bit overwhelming on check-in. It's right there by the elevators and was full of good-looking, cavorting youths when I stumbled through after my long flight. But the next afternoon, after a freezing walk around the city, I came back and sat in the steam room, took a swim in the little pool (actually more like the size of 4 hot tubs) which was all deserted, and felt like a new man. Who these people are jumping in the pool at 2am, though, I have no idea. The lobby bar is cute and a great place to arrange to meet friends. Just a half-block from Times Square, the location is almost too central, and the area is very touristy, thus it's a bit tough to find a cheap breakfast or whatever. But, that's New York. The subway isn't exactly right downstairs, but Times Square entrances are just a couple blocks away. It was a good compromise between downtown clubs, midtown art, and uptown friends. For 200/night, it's a great, hip place with a fun, unique style, and if you dont' care about people watching you, a jump in the pool can hit the spot.	
Mar 7 2007	Hotel QT	Hotel QT is a centrally located Manhattan hotel that is pretty contemporary in set up. The rooms are a good size. We had a queen size bed on the bottom and a bunk size twin on the top of the queen. The bottom bed was great but my friend said her top one was rather stiff. The pillows were perfect and the flat screen TV was cool on the wall. There was room to sit and read at a table. The only complaint I had was the bathroom. The toilet area was next to the walk in shower area and there was a sliding door that you could either slide for the shower or the potty part. So unless you wanted to hang all out you had to make sure the showers/potties were being used at different times. Also there was not a door dividing the whole bathroom from the living area. I guess it wouldn't matter with most folks to step out of the shower and be standing in the area you would like to have privacy to do your out of the shower things, if you were together there as a couple. But this was just my friend, who happened to be very shy and had to hid in the closet to get dressed due to no door on the bathroom. Other than that and the fact that the pool was closed to hotel guest the whole 5 days we were there so they could have DVD parties at night and new magazine parties in the pool area. I would have enjoyed a dip during our 100 degree weather during the day. I also would have liked to have a coffee pot in the room instead if having to go upstairs for it each morning ......that was not convienent	
Mar 3 2007 	Funky Kewl	The location is great, just off Time Square. The bed is very comfortable. Good value for money - free local call, free breakfast. Except my wireless connection doesnt work in my room, a hassle to keep going down to the bar area to get online...the shower water pressure could be more powerful. On the whole, I love this hotel and will certainly come back again.	
Feb 22 2007 	Swim up bar!	We stayed at the QT based on the reviews of this very site. I was somewhat apprehensive as it was touted as a unique experience, but upon arrival I liked it. It's simple, the rooms are small and oddly designed. The staff was more like a convenience store staff than the typical hotel staff that will do anything to make you happy, yet I didn't have a major problem with it.The swim up bar is awesome, but also leads to the negative aspect of this review. After a night of drinking way too much, we went to our room where it all came back up. In the morning we cleaned up the mess the best we could and even left housekeeping a $20 tip with a request to mop or do something to get the smell out of the room. When we came back later that day NOTHING had been done about the smell and yet the tip was gone. The floor hadn't been cleaned at all, let alone mopped. I was shocked at the dishonesty. Then, before dinner I called the front desk and appraised them of my disdain and they promised to take care of it. I came back from dinner and still nothing.On the up side, it has the most comfortable bed I've probably ever slept in.Conclusion:For a hotel in this price range, you would expect far better housekeeping service. That aside, it was a fun place to stay right off of Times Square in the middle of Manhatten and who can beat a swim up bar.	
Feb 8 2007 	Don't come if you're used to chain hotels	I know this is a boutique hotel, but there are some things that you expect from a hotel. A lot of things are missing so brace yourself if you stay here.As a qualifier, I travel pretty frequently for business, but this trip is for leisure.THE GOOD: The hotel definitely has that cool trendy vibe and the bar / pool area is truly excellent. Also the rooms have a ipod speakers. Wireless internet is free.THE BAD:1. Room not well designed: About 3 feet above our King size bed was a twin size bunk bed that made sleeping very uncomfortable. There was also no desk or place to put your wallet, purse, etc. except on the bathroom counter.2. Rooms are way too dark: There is just one dimly lit light in the bathroom which makes it hard for girls to put on makeup.3. Missing some basic amenities: Lotion is not standard in the room.4. Poor operations / service: Wake up call didn't come as requested at 9:30am. I got a call at 10:10am asking if I got a wake up call but that wouldn't have helped if I had an important meeting. Also, housekeeping didn't reset the radio alarm so we had a nice wake-up at 4am (who wakes up at 4am in a hotel like this!)	
Jan 25 2007	Great place location service price etc.	Stayed at the QT 5 nights in early December '06. This hotel should be ranked as a 5 star de luxe. It's location is just perfect right off Times Sq. The room was on the 15th floor (the hotel has 16 floors). It was clean, silent, ideal size and well distributed. The shower was fantastic. Bed was a little soft for my poor old back, but my partner found it perfect to get a good sleep. The service and staff was very good (the guy that runs breakfast requires a special mention and thanks for taking such good care of us and every morning). Breakfast, pretty complete and very good quality, is included in the room rates! I'd definitely recommend the QT and obsviously will return if I travel to NYC.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great boutique in central Manhattan	This hotel is perfect if you want a trendy, clean boutique hotel with no frilly nonsense, in a great location for the tourists sights of new york. The positives:The rooms are defiantly minimalist, but its a style i like, although i can see how some may find the room's plain. The size was great and we stayed for 6 days - the lack of room dressing helps maximise the space. And they were spotlessly clean. The bed was the comfiest thing I have ever slept on - so much so i'm looking into buying a mattress for my home. The sheets were crisp egyptian cotton adding to the comfort. The radio with ipod dock was a great touch for playing some music while getting ready to hit the town of an evening. And the dvd and flat screen great for chilling the morning after. Location is fab and very central - times square is under a mintue away.  Transport is great, with subway less than 5 mins away, but beware getting a cab to get downtown on a friday or saturday night can be tricky - we actually ended up jumping on the subway. The breakfast was simple but very nice and who cares if their cutlery is plastic? Its what goes in your mouth that counts and the fresh bagels and muffins rocked. Plus the coffee was great!The bar always had a lively atmosphere, the drinks were spot on and the party kept going late into the night without disturbing our stay. The front desk provided some good tips on trendy bars/restaurants and gave us some complimentary passes to certain clubs. The pool and sauna looked cool although we never found time to use them! The negatives:The front desk seemed to have an issue with taking a holding deposit on a UK chip and pin debit or credit card - between me and my partner we tried several cards unsuccessfully. In the end they kept locking us out of our room each day, which was a little rude when we kept trying to pay them! To be fair this is an issue we found in restaurants and shops across NY - so no real fault of QT - and if my business was owed over a 1000 $'s (we stayed for 6 nights) i'd get a bit twitchy! The shower in our room could have done with a little more water pressure!The gym is tiny to say the least, but hey there is enough equipment to work up a sweat. The location although great from the tourism side is a bit far from the happening night life of NYC - we struggled to find any cool bars or restaurants nearby.But overall this was a great hotel i'd have no problem with recommending to friends and returning to myself.	
Jan 13 2007 	It depends what you're looking for	It depends what you're looking for. If it's a large, standard room, hotel chain business style, plush carpets, chintz, renaissance or victorian ornaments... stay somewhere else. If on the other hand you want a well priced room, bare modern style, in a central NYC location, you may love the QT. My room was small and the decor so minimalist that it first felt like a cell. After a while, I got used to it though and started to enjoy all the amenities, some gimmicky but most are smart and well-thought in my opinion. Nice comfy bed, flat screen TV, radio with iPod station, free High-Speed Internet, large shower (no tub)... If you are not planning to spend the entire day in your room, everything is there and it's quite clean. The lobby is very small, the pool-bar area a little weird in my opinion, but the free breakfast is a nice plus in NYC and the croissants were really good. If you can get a room for less than $250, this is an excellent choice that it is likely to beat all basic budget NYC hotels easily. If the rates are above $250, think twice, there might be better options, more elegant and with more space.	
Jan 10 2007	Oh dear	After researching hotels at which to stay in New York, I found that the British press seemed to have latched on to this place and given it some impressive reviews. I don't generally believe in conspiracy theories, but this place has got me thinking.Firstly, the good bits. The location is excellent. That's it. Having read all the previous reviews I don't know whether I'm missing something, but I just don't get this. I would liken the experience to staying in a stupifyingly overpriced youth hostel. View any of the promotional material, website, magazine articles, and you will see an idyllic shot of a swimming pool with a cocktail bar, effecively in it. This is the hotel's only good feature, and resultantly the whole place smells of swimming pools, whether you're in the reception, the lift, your room. We did try this pool out as I quite liked the idea of having a cocktail during swimming. Only problem was that there was never anyone serving. Talking of the reception, this is basically a sweet shop with someone serving, and miserably at that. On arrival, we were grunted at by a bloke who I assumed was in charge, but I got the distinct feeling I was interrupting his daydream. We were early, but the prospect of early check-in seemed to him preposterous, and our luggage was therefore stored by his colleague.The room to be fair was ok, but no better than ok. Again, it had a gimic feature, this time an elevated bed, but the room itself was poorly lit, depressingly decorated in grey, and had that &quot;open prison&quot; feel about it, which for an opening night tariff of $360 you don't really expect.Travel Inn experience for Marriott prices. The lesson is, I think, don't fall for the magazine reviews.	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Value	A great value for a place to sleep and shower. Modern and efficient design readapting an old office building along the lines of a European hostel (although in this case a luxury European hostel). Breakfast was nothing special, but the fact that one was offered in a New York budget hotel is exceptional.	
Nov 17 2006 	Amazing hotel	This Hotel us the best! Having visited New York a few times before, this was by far the best experience that I had as Hotel Qt is amazing!As if the location wasn't good enough (its on west 45th street between 6th and broadway) From the moment I stepped into the lobby I was imoressed. All the reviews that I had read prior to booking had stated that the hotel didn't have a proper lobby so I had no idea what to expect. I was however pleasantly surprised...the lobby is really nice and the vibrant atmosphere immediately made me feel at ease! The next pleasant surprise was the room. I had read reviews that the rooms werent very spacious - that is typical of many New York Hotels though so this room was no different...apart from the fact that my normal hotels are minimalist and simplistic. The room in hotel Qt however was spectacular. Both the room and adjoining bathroom were immaculate, and there was not a hint of dirt to be seen! As if I wasn't already impressed by my room I simply had to step out in2 the corridor to be greeted by a beautiful spa/sauna! This is a hotel I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting a great stay in New York city!	
Nov 4 2006 	Contemporary style in a budget	Over recent years, New York hotels have gradually returned to their former price levels, making the task of finding a decent hotel ever harder. The QT hotel provides a great boutique style hotel for those who would like contemporary style hotel accomodation on a budget, without all the frills one would associate with the major hotels, such as the 'W'. At $275 per night for a single room in November, we are not talking cheap, but considering this hotel is situated in the heart of Manhattan in the Times Square area, this was acutally quite good value. The room I had was small, but the fixtures were all new and clean, plus the bed and bedding were extremely comfortable. It so frustrating to pay say £250 ($450) per night at a supposedly luxury hotel and find you have a cheap bed wth synthetic pillows. The owners of the QT have economised in a lot of areas by providing self-service breakfast (incuded) where you have plastic plates and cutlery. But when it comes to important things like a good bed to sleep on, they provide you with the best in comfort. I also like the fact that you get free broadband wireless included. All, in all very good value for this area of New York.	
Oct 30 2006 	Too old for gimmicks	We are 60ish and went to the QT after a recommendation in Diversion, a magazine for physicians. To say we were disappointed would be an understatement. We had a queen size bed on a platform, up against the wall. In order to get out of the bed you have crawl to the end and walk on a faux ostrich platform and then jump down onto the floor. What could they be thinking to not have towel bars or hooks. You could hang a towel on the room door hinge or over the toilet, but that is ridiculous. We couldn't have made it one more night. They do a nice job with the breakfast, however.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great Hotel AND Great Service	I was nervous booking this hotel after reading the many negative reviews on tripadvisor, but I took a gamble and am very glad that I did. It's a great hotel. Very hip and trendy. Location was excellent. The bed was very very comfortable. The room was clean and I loved the compact, sleek modern look. The bathroom was clean and functional with good quality bathroom fixtures. It seems alot of reviews pointed out that there wasn't a towel bar or hook, but honestly it's not a big deal! There's plenty of room to place a towel. There was even an i-home system for those of you who want to plug in their i-pods and jam to your tunes. I booked the smallest sized room which is an F and I was expecting it to be very small. When I saw it, though, I was actually very happy with the space (approx 200 sq. ft.), it was plenty of room for one person. On top of all this I was surprised to find that the hotel had friendly staff, great service and were definitely concerned when I ran into some problems during my stay. So all in all, for the price I paid ($265/night): it's a real GOOD &quot;trendy&quot; deal. I was very happy with my stay and hope you will be too.	
Oct 17 2006 	Best NYC location for the price	This was our second, 4-day stay @ the QT!We arrived very early, and were able to check our bags, scope out the city, and returned in the afternoon to an upgraded room...still small, but the large bathroom made it seem bigger.the bed is extremely comfy, even though the flat screen tv seemed very close ( b/c it WAS!)i awoke about 6 AM to the baking aroma of the fresh muffins served at breakfast ..yummy..and they were! Clifton, the breakfast guy, couldn't be nicer...the coffee is a Starbucks equal!we didn't use the pool this year ( didn't have time!), but, i loved it just being there!the location was PERFECT for us, since we saw 4 broadway shows, and were able to return to the room and change for &quot;clubbing&quot; w/ little effort. All the subways were less than a 5 minute walk.I can't WAIT to return to the QT in '07!!!	
Oct 11 2006 	Great choice	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel. Our room was extremely small, this was not a surprise having read the reviews on this site. We had all that we needed for a hotel room in New York, A very comfortable bed and a clean room with a wonderful shower. If I had been staying longer the size of room may have been a problem, our friends had booked the same category and their room was bigger with more closet space. It may be worth asking for a room to the rear of the hotel as we were at the front and the room was very noisy through the night - it is New York after all!!Breakfast was a very chilled out experience with chill out music playing .A self service area with juice, bagels ,croissants, muffins and boiled eggs. Also there is cereal , fruit and yoghurt. All that we needed. We didn't get to use the pool area , it looked like great fun and was very clean.I would stay in this hotel again if I got a good rate, we paid $200 with travel intelligence, a great price I thought.Hope this has been helpful , if you go - enjoy your stay.	
Sep 25 2006 	Best Deal For Budget Swank in NYC	I am a New Yorker for seven years now (30-something female; musican, non-drinker). I'm constantly asked for hotel recommendations in the city - something clean, affordable, and ideally, stylish. QT is all three. That sounded like an ad but it's totally true. NOWHERE will you get an experience like this for under 200 bucks in NYC. Rooms are small like most NYC hotels. They are immaculately clean, modern. Excellent bathroom with a unique glass-paned shower wall (no tub) and stone floors. Hotel lobby is set up like a theatre concession stand, and adjacent to that, there's a small shallow pool for hanging out; one can wade over to a window in the bar and order a drink. I used it when no-one else was in it. Relaxing in conjunction with the steam room. Flat-panel TVs. Good magazines. Location is near Times Square which for many people is actually no-mans-land, but it's a quick cab to downtown restaurants or uptown museums. It's not a 'sunny' place, it's more of a velvety dark swanky clean sort of vibe. Modern. Go for it. Trust me.	
Sep 8 2006 	Highly recommended!	My husband and I spend Labor Day weekend in NYC. We found Hotel QT through tripadvisor and also various recent publications. Hotel QT was modern, fresh, the free breakfasts were AWESOME and the service was great too! Can't beat the location. We orig booked an E room for $220/night, but got ugraded to a B room. Although the room was still small, the furnishings maximized the space. The platform around the bed created seating space, and the deep window ledges allowed for some storage space. I loved the two huge windows in the room looking toward times square (we had a corner room). I was really impressed with the iHome unit they had, so we could play our iPod in the room. The shower was amazingly large, and I liked the separate shower/sink/toilet areas. I agree with the previous posts - a place to hang wet towels would've been nice, but we made do with what we had.My appreciation for Hotel QT grew even more when we moved to the Comfort Inn Midtown for our last night (we used a free nights' stay at Comfort Inn). Comfort Inn is noticeably older. The room was about the same size as Hotel QT's E room, but felt smaller b/c of the traditional furniture. The bathroom was TINY compared to Hotel QT. Perhaps, though, this isn't a fair comparison since Hotel QT's B room is considerably more expensive than Comfort Inn's.For our next trip to NYC, we will definitely look into staying at Hotel QT again. If you can afford it (ie, get hold of the lower rate rooms), go for it! Otherwise, Comfort Inn Midtown isn't *too* bad of a second choice.	
Sep 7 2006 	We put Sweden on the map in best hotel in New York.	We decide to visit New York and saw an article about Hotel QT in a swedish magazine. It sounds like a good choise. We made reservation on the hotels website. It did work very well. We printed out the reservation and took it with us in cause of any trouble. We alsow did a calculation on the tax, so we knew how much the final bill would end up. No surprices could destroy our trip. We came to the hotel friday afternoon and the check in was very easy, they were very friendly. We stayed there for six nights. We have heard that the rooms was small. We have been traveling in europe a lot and to us it was not a problem. We have been staying in smaller room than his. If your in New York, how much time are you gonna spend in the room? I think most of us are there for another reason than stay in a room.Our room was very nice, we hade choosen alternitve E. It had all we could ever ask for. Our small window was in the direction of roofs and another building. Breakfast was better then we expected. It was served bagels, yoghurt , jam, fruits, egg, juice, milk, coffee or tea.Our cleaning lady was very friendly. If she saw us on our way out in the mornings she asked if she could clean and always wished us a nice day.The bar downstairs was very crowed sometimes and loud but we on the eight floor didn't hear a thing. Downstair the also had an ATM machine and two computors with internet access.The location was the best. A few steps from Times Square. In the centre of all but at the same time not. When we came from the airport Newark. We ended up at the station at Port Authority with the airport bus. From their we had to walk five blocks to the hotel. It's not a problem not even when we on our way home had to walk to the bus with a lot more stuff we had bought.Summary. I can highly recomend this hotel to anyone on their way to New York. It is clean and freash.	
Sep 1 2006	Loved it!	I spent ages looking for somewhere suitable for my first visit to New York - I listened to my friends horror stories, read the guide books and finally stumbled across the Hotel QT - it made my stay!The location is perfect, within walking distance of everything! And yet it didn't seem noisy at all. I had a small room - the lowest priced room - at the back of the hotel on the 11th Floor. Yes, the room was small but it had everything I needed - big comfy bed, flat screen TV, and a gorgeous bathroom! The shower was a treat! A DVD player was a nice bonus too!The breakfast was great, plenty of choice. The kiosk where you can buy snacks and stuff from was okay, although they didn't sell ice cream which was a little disappointing.The staff were really helpful and friendly - next time I'm in New York I'll be staying there!	
Aug 29 2006 	Loved Hotel QT	I am a bit late writing this review, but I loved this hotel so much that I thought it was better late than never! So, I stayed at Hotel QT for just over two weeks in June '06 with my boyfriend... There were a few things that didn't go as smoothly as hoped, such as the hotel not having our reservation when we arrived (this problem was quickly sorted by the lovely receptionist who upgraded our room and gave us some nicely chilled beers to take up with us!), and also the fact that there were so many chemicals in the pool (which, I have to admit, seemed to be closed almost every three or four days... only for an hour or two though!) that my boyfriends trunks changed from navy blue to a strange greeny colour! So, if you're going swimming wear old trunks/bikinis, and take off any jewellery too!However, despite these slight hitches we had an amazing stay! The pool/bar area is just too cool for words... there are pool parties every tuesday and thursday... and as for the weekend... all I'll say is simply, don't even think about staying here if you aren't up for a good party! (Oh, and if you are in the bar look out for Jeremy, he's the absolutely gorgeous one with the long-ish dark hair... tell him that his favourite Scottish customers are asking for him!) Lol! I really can't express in words just how cool the pool/bar is... whatever you do, don't forget your swimming gear... and it would be a crime to visit this hotel and not have a cosmo while lazing in the pool!The rooms are great... I've never stayed in a hotel in NY before, but I wouldn't say they are overly small... enough room in the handy storage space under the bed for our two large suitcases, and plenty of rail space for the clothes we wanted to hang up! The shower/toilet set-up may be a bit open plan for people that aren't that &quot;close&quot;... but for us it was fine! As people have said before the bed is amazingly comfy... and the actual lay-out of the room is very well planned with regards to space available!As it has been said in almost every review, the hotel's location is excellent... literally a 2 minute walk from Times Square (yet surprisingly quiet at the actual hotel despite this), and right next to a great Irish pub (there seemed to be lots of them close to the hotel!) called O'Lunneys (ask for Keith! and if you're looking for a 1am snack after a good night out drinking have a cheeseburger - they certainly do the trick!).... there is also a Starbucks close to the hotel which was handy for popping out for sandwiches in the morning (the hotels breakfast is great... just that we were never up in time to catch it!)! Overall (as you may have guessed!) we loved this hotel... it was built for the phrase &quot;TOO COOL FOR WORDS&quot;!!!!!!!	
Aug 29 2006 	Overpriced	We booked the QT through Tablet Hotels which we have used several times in the past &amp; found some really amazing places with. After reading all of the reviews on here &amp; looking at the pictures we felt convinced that we had made the right choice, splitting our trip into 2 half at Hotel QT, half at the Hudson.We chose QT specifically as my boyfriend likes to have a swimming pool whilst on holiday &amp; there are obviously not that many choices in the middle of NYC.As you walk into the reception you think - hey this is pretty cool, then they tell us the pool is out of order - not a good start! We made our way up to our room &amp; to be honest our corridor was pretty shabby with big scrapes &amp; dents in the wall. Our room was average - the window was broken &amp; jammed open &amp; really it could have just done with a lick of paint. Excellent bathroom though &amp; I like the fact you can buy food &amp; drink from reception so you can make up your own minibar.Breakfast is very good - so many bagels - I love bagels &amp; proper coffee.Location is excellent if you just wanna trapse around times square &amp; broadway &amp; as this is the first time we have been to NYC &amp; we found the village was our favourite part it was a bit dissapointing as we were a long way away.Having said all of that it was very very expensive, felt more like we were staying in a youth hostel than a hotel - we booked ages in advance &amp; it still cost us $220 a night which was more than the Hudson which was in a completely different league - so so so superior to the QT. I have also stayed in the Standard in LA which is designed by the same guy &amp; my advice would be; if you have stayed in the Standard do not stay at QT as you will be dissapointed!I can't help thinking that when it opened it was probably really quite cool, but it needs to be better maintained as it just felt shabby. What a shame!!!	
Aug 24 2006 	Returning...	I stayed here August 2005 and loved it so this time, returning to NYC with a friend, I booked us at the QT June 8th to 14th. Our trip started out quite badly with the radar at the Stockholm Airport failing with several hours of delays to all flights. In the end, we were flown to Iceland only to find that our connecting flight had left. The Hotel has a 24 hour policy, i.e. all changes to the reservation has to be made 24 hours in advance so I figured I would be paying for a night I didn't use. I called the hotel, explained that we were stranded in Iceland and would be arriving 24 hours later and &quot;would it be at all possible to change the arrival date?&quot;. The very nice and attentive lady I spoke to (after she had returned my call to me in Iceland since I failed to reach her five minutes previously) observed that things like these happen and told me our reservation was changed as of that moment. This was approx three hours before our estimated late evening check-in time... We arrived to find that the improvements they were making to the hotel design and structure last year were indeed improvements. Everything was as good as last time or possibly better (barbells in the gym for example). This time around I ended up in a room on the eight floor with my friend three doors down the hall. Both our rooms were a bit smaller than the one I had the last time (on the 15th floor) and more elongated. The bathroom/bed solutions worked fine this way too though and while I prefered the more square room I had last time, this worked out excellent. The staff was very attentive and forthcoming. This included the front desk, the cleaning staff, security, breakfast lounge and bar, all of which we had reason to interact with and all of which displayed a high degree of flexibility and service-mindedness. Besides the interior design that I really enjoy and the setup regarding room-layout, breakfast lounge and the pool-area/bar, not to mention the location, the staff really makes this hotel worthwhile. This is &quot;my&quot; hotel in NYC. I will be returning yet again.	
Aug 7 2006 	Positive Experience Great Location	I stayed here with my sister on August 2nd for one night. Front desk was always friendly and let us check in at 10:00 a.m. on the day of arrival which was very helpful. It was outrageously hot during our visit. Room air conditioning worked great. Street noise was minimal -- we were on the 6th floor facing the street (room 612). Room was adequately sized and very clean. Our bathroom did not have the open configuration as described in other reviews; it had a pocket door and a towel rack. The bathroom seemed to be a little dark at first, but there was a dimmer on the light switch that we did not see and that solved the problem. Bed was very comfortable and sheets were very nice (from Italy). Everything worked great (iron, TV, hair dryer) and I liked the decor. My only very minor complaint is that the bed is pushed up against the wall. I like to sleep with one of my feet hanging over the bed and I couldn't (weird, I know). Also, there is no footboard to the bed so it's easy to exit even if you're against the wall. Location is convenient to Times Square. One block from many theaters, one block from the TKTS booth, and a few block from Radio City where we were going to see Harry, Carrie &amp; Garp. This would not be my first choice of a location for exploring New York but . . . like I said, it was so HOT that wandering around New York wasn't much of an option.	
Aug 6 2006 	Finally a great place to stay in New York	We booked this hotel through expedia and what a fabulous place. It was close to the theatre district and was very funky. The pool design was amazing. Breakfast was decent with friendly staff (a rarity in New York breakfast joints). The room had the most comfortable bed and LCD tv. I was most excited about the comfy window seat where I read some very hip magazines they left us. The overall room was small but fine for a couple. The bathroom setup was a little strange with a toilet/ shower combo but no worries the water doesn't reach there. Having stayed at some real dives (like the Choice hotels) this was definitely a treat. We were there for the Thanksgiving Day parade and was impressed to still find a great room of this caliber still available.	
Jul 31 2006	Form over Function	I recently stayed at the Hotel QT in NYC. It is very fashionable, hip and trendy but they didn't get the basics right. I showed up and they could not find my reservation. They were accomodating and got me a room but it was on the third floor and dark as a dungeon and about the size of a closet at the 4 Seasons. Very fashionably decorated though. I got traded up to a room on the 10th floor that was brighter. Why didn't they give me that room in the first place? Once again, a stylish room but not functional. First of all, there were no towels in the bathroom. Dripping wet from my shower, i finally found them in the closet. I brushed my teeth and lo and behold there were no water glasses to rinse with. The shower was so narrow and the tap was located diredtly at the back so you got soaked with cold water when turing it on. Finally the &quot;showcase&quot; pool on the main floor was closed for repairs and the TV was terrible. It was a nice, but small, flat screen, but you had the press the channel button about 3 times and then wait about 3 seconds for the channel to change. Very frustrating for channel surfers!! Price was good I guess and they gave out free breakfast.	
Jul 30 2006 	First time to NYC loved Hotel QT	We stayed in Hotel QT at the beginning of July on our first trip to NYC. As others have stated, Hotel QT is in a great location. 1 minute from Times Square, a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, and subway entrances. The hotel itself was very modern and well appointed. Our bed was very comfortable and while the room was small, we did not feel that we lacked any space. Storage was available under the raised bed which also helped. The hotel also provided free continental breakfast which was great to take advantage of. If you're looking for a more hearty breakfast, Cafe Europa is around the corner from the hotel and they have good breakfast items at cheap prices. The only complaint of the whole trip was that the pool was closed for maintenance. This didn't stop us from enjoying the rest of the hotel and our stay. We would definately stay here again.	
Jul 21 2006 	Good location - minor quibbles	I would definitely stay there again:- great location- nice decor- pricey but not bad by NYC standards- rooms are spartan but clean, great linens.2 minor quibbles:- Invest in some towel racks in the bathrooms. There's no place to hang wet bath towels.- Soft beds are comfy but lead to back pain after a couple of nights.	
Jul 18 2006	Simply the Best	Cant' really fault this hotel. Just a bit funky in one room where the lavatory doesn't have a door on it. Make sure you're WELL acquainted (i.e. on pooing terms) with anyone you intend to share the room with.Location fantastic. Two minutes (literally) from Times Square. Avoid Tarzan the Musical though, unless you want to be played NINE new and completely forgettable songs penned by Phil Collins (The Lion King it ain't.)I simply refuse to stay anywhere else in New York. (OK, I've only been the once, but you get what I'm getting at.)	
Jul 18 2006	Very trendy hotel in a perfect location!!!	Very nice hotel with a friendly staff. We had to move our room two times (first time our room was very small and the second time we had a room to the street - changed it after one night without much sleep). The third room was perfect.For New Yorker standards really big rooms and we did not hear anything from the sreetnoise. Very nice shower!!! The location for sightseeing is absolutely perfect. You are on times square in 2 minutes.Would definitly stay here again. The price is very good for this location and a very good hotel.	
Jul 10 2006	Hotel QT is Great!	My wife and I booked our Hotel QT stay online from Sydney, months before, sight unseen. All we had to go was the reviews on Tripadvisor and the Hotel QT website. We were VERY impressed. 1 - it's VERY cool. All the rooms are different, but very trendy and yes, the beds are the most comfortable hotel bed ever. The shower/bathroom/toilet all in the same room didn't bother us, but it might if you're not intimate with the person you're sharing with. We stayed in 2 rooms over 6 nights as we had to change after the first night - we were on the 8th floor right over the street and the noise from the Garbage trucks drove me mad (my wife says she didnt' hear them but they drilled into my head). The great news was that when I went downstairs to tell reception at 3am, they were really nice about it and moved us to a (larger) room at the back of the building the very next morning. This new room, on the 10th floor, was so quiet we overslept everyday!!! The room was cleaned everyday, regardless of what time we left the hotel, and the staff were always friendly.BTW - we booked the Class B room, so I don't know what the cheaper ones are like.2 - it's 15 seconds to Times Square.There are also some great bars next door, and a deli 3 doors up. You have to buy your own mini bar supplies which you can do from reception. This is great if you feel like a beer at 3am, but it's very expensive. Go 3 doors up and grab a 6 pack for the same price as 2 beers at reception. 3 - Breakfast is great and you can eat enough to keep you going. Cereal, Bagels, Fruit, Juice, Coffee, Croissants, Yoghurt etc. You can eat it there, or the guy serving was kind enough to give us a tray to take it back to our room. There's heaps of seating too, just don't get there too late or there's no good pastries left! Remember to tip the nice man!!4 - The pool and bar look great, but with so much to do and see in Manhattan, we never got the chance to use it. Although on one night we were there I thought we had walked into a nightclub when we came back to the Hotel. All in all, we would reccomend this Hotel to anyone young, young at heart, or anyone that wants a grrovy stay in NYC.Basically, next time we're in NYC, we'll be staying back at the Hotel QT.	
Jun 24 2006	Not amazing but ok	So, when my boyfriend and I arrived at the Hotel Qt on Monday night we were suprised to find that there was a &quot;private&quot; party going on in the bar area and it was very crowded with some colorful characters. I was hoping to maybe get to use the steam room or sauna before bed but the whole pool area was like a scene out of a Roman bathhouse. Guys making out, girls swinging drinks around. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for having a good time but I was not expecting this type of scene at all when we arrived. It was very noisy but once we got to the room you couldn't hear anything. But when we did make it to the room we were a little dissapointed to say the least. My first impression of the room was that it was 1. quite small 2. there was no platform bed like in the pictures 3. the tv was not centered over the bed and did not move so it was hard to see 4. there was a HUGE stain on the carpet that was a bit gross 5. and the view from our hotel window was of a back alley and air conditioning vent. We called downstairs and the girl was very nice but there were no rooms to switch to that night so we had to wait to switch rooms the next day. The process of changing rooms was easy and they did it while we were out enjoying the sites the next day. Our second room was MUCH better but the noise from the street was a bit loud but it was worth it to have some sort of view. The shower was a great, rainfall fixture. The bed was super comfortable and the sheets were nice, not scratchy. When we came back the third night there was another big party going on or maybe it was just crowded with people from the public because the bar is open to the public. The bar tender wasn't too friendly and the drinks were way over-priced even for New York. My boyfriend had a crown on the rocks for $10!!!! He had had one earlier at Tavern on the Green for the same price and it was double the size! The whole scene was a bit over the top with people either all decked out in crazy trendy clothes or virtually naked running around the indoor pool area. I was a bit dissapointed that we couldn't enjoy these ammenities without all the chaos but if you like that sort of scene then this place is for you. It is very trendy and a bit overpriced for what it is but hey it is New York afterall. I wouldn't stay here again but I would recommend it to my single friends who are looking for a little nightlife (and over-priced cocktails) to go with their hotel stay.On a scale of one to ten I'd give it a five maybe a six at the most.	
Jun 19 2006	Absolutely fabulous dahling!!!!!	Just back from NYC and stayed at the fabulous hotel QT. First visit to New York so didn't know what standard to expect from the hotel but I was not disappointed. We arrived and were welcomed to check in even though we were early, got an upgrade and settled in to our luxurious pad for the week (compared to any other hotel i've stayed in previously anyway!) Room was really spacious, extremely clean and the bed was so comfy after a long days travelling. Expected to hear a lot of noise going by some reviews but it was really quiet, our room was at the back and on the ninth floor so we had no problems sleeping. The continental breakfast was really good - only thing that was missing was bacon (one can dream!). Maid service every day - who changed sheets and towels and replenished any shower items we has used - the room was always spotless when we came back from a day sightseeing - a point was even folded in the toilet paper - so impressed! One regret is that we did not make more use of the pool, only managed one dip but it was great - sauna and steam room were off at the time which was a pity. NYC is great even if you stayed in a dumpster but the hotel qt made our stay complete and we will definitely be booking up there when we go return.	
Jun 18 2006	brilliant unique hotel!	Was in New York for the first time, took my boyfriend as a surprise for his 30th birthday, as he always wanted to go to NYC. Wanted a unique hotel, that he would always remember!Staff were fabulous, really friendly, and the guy who was on mezzanine level at breakfast, always had a smile, and friendly tips about NYC. The breakfast was great, all you really needed, lasted us until lunchtime, and if you wanted something sweet you could always buy it at the kiosk (front desk).The empty fridge in the bedroom was a great idea, we always had ours fully stocked with water, which you need after a hectic day of trekking around the city!The bar was very relaxed, and was good to have tourists and locals mixing in the bar..Bedroom was big enough... come on you are in New York, how much time are you really going to be in your room??!!! The main point is the bed was really comfy!!Shower was fantastic... wet room effect... We stayed on the 3rd floor in a room nearest the street, yes there was noise, but not much as I expected for the city that doesn't sleep!! Plus we were so close to Times Square it was unbelievable!Checked out at 12, and the staff held our luggage until 6pm, when we got the town car to the airport (which the staff had kindly booked for us).Lets just say all in all, we had a fantastic time at QT and NYC in general, and my boyfriend hasn't stopped raving about the best birthday present ever, and this brilliant hotel we stayed in!	
Jun 18 2006	Amazing Hotel	We stayed in Hotel QT for 3 nights at the start of June and it was a great hotel.. My boyfriend had booked our trip to New York as a surprise for my 30th birthday. I didn't know where we were staying and when we arrived we were not disappointed. We had a deluxe room so the size was good, probably about the same size as hotel rooms in the UK. I wouldn't have minded a smaller room though as it was the location that was the best thing about this hotel. It is so close to times square, turn right out of the hotel and it is a 30 second walk, amazing! As everyone says, the beds are very comfy and the continental breakfast was nice. ( there is also a very nice deli next door to the hotel)We were on the 7th floor so were not disturbed by any noise. We also had some drinks in the bar which was really nice.The only thing is we had to pay about another $30 a night, on top of the advertised room rates, in taxes etc. The small print on our booking said there may be some extras but we didn't expect it to be so much.Apart from that I would definately stay here again on our next trip to NYC	
Jun 10 2006	Fabulous-What a deal!!	My husband and I stayed at Hotel QT last week. This was our first trip to NYC. We couldnt have been more pleased with our stay. First of all, we were told check-in was at 3:00pm and as soon as we arrived at 12:00pm we were given a room. I had seen pictures of the rooms on the internet so I knew they were on the smaller side, but I was impressed! It was just enough room for the two of us. Besides, we werent in the room but to sleep, rest for literally 30 mintutes at a time and take a shower in the morning! The beds are awesome! The beds made it very hard to get up in the morning because they are so comfortable with the down feather comforter, pillow top mattress and down feather pillows. They continental breakfast was great every morning. They had fresh crossiants and bagels, orange juice and the best coffee! What a deal! If you like to relax at the end of the day, the pool and the bar were always hopping around 6:00 pm- until. The staff at Hotel QT was excellent. Everytime we needed ANYTHING they were eager to help- from directions, extra cups in the hotel room and especially places to eat! The location couldnt be better! As soon as you walk out the door and turn right, you are IN Times Square!!! Location! Location! Location! On our last day at Hotel QT, we checked out first thing in the morning to have one last day of site seeing and the hotel staff happily held our luiggage for us and had a town car service waiting for us at the end of the day to take us to the airport. Awesome!! If you are looking for a bargain with a chic and modern atmosphere, this is the place! Hotel QT made our first trip to NYC very relaxing. We cant wait to visit again!!	
Jun 6 2006	Fabulous!!!	My friend and I arrived at 6am and the staff gladly held our luggage for us and told us to call at noon to see if our room would be ready early and it was. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The room was very trendy and everything we expected! The bed was heaven as was the shower! We couldn't believe how close to Times Square we actually were. Night life at the hotel is great. Plan at least one night to enjoy the lounge and pool. There is a DJ on weekends and it is a real party without going anywhere. The continental breakfast was nice as well. Our room was on the 8th floor and was surprisingly quiet. We would stay at Hotel QT again in a New York minute!	
May 30 2006	Great for what you pay	The hotel is in a great location right next to times square. It has a kind of budget-trendy and friendly vibe to it. The people at the front desk don't have the attitute you sometimes find at new york hotels. I paid for the lowest category room but somehow got upgraded to one of the &quot;penthouses&quot;. I guess it was big by new york standards, would be tiny in any other city, i couldn't imagine how big the other rooms are. I'm not really picky about room size though considering it was only $200/night. The bed makes up for most if not any minor problems the hotel has. Sooo comfortable with egyptian cotton sheets and the room temperature is always perfect. Everything in the room is minimal and clean which I appreciated. The pool and bar area was nice too. I'm trying to think of anything I didn't like about it but for the price it was almost perfect. Oh yeah the rain showers are also amazing. I recommend it if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel that is also clean and well located.	
May 29 2006	awesome trendy hotel	The rooms were small (not the smallest I've been in in Times Square), but considering the price and the location, it was pretty awesome. What was particularly impressive was how they managed the space, it never felt cramped, and it had a very New York style to it. The staff was friendly, the bar was happening, and the pool may have been the swankiest place I've ever seen; we even had a live DJ for just the two of us as we swam. I highly recommend.	
May 15 2006	Third time Not a charm	Visited the Hotel QT for the third time in early May. In the past, we have enjoyed this hotel. This time, our experience was not a pleasant one. Our first room was facing the street. Very noisey - at 3am we were awakened by the garbage trucks. The noise continued for at least a half hour. The next day, we moved to the back of the hotel. Unpacked again, only to find our tv didn't work! Our third room was very nice and much larger than the first two but again there were major problems so we moved to the Millenium accross the street. The hotel is in a great location but the security is very lax. Rarley is there any one watching the door when the guest come and go after 10pm. None of the staff wear any type of identification which can be a problem if somone knocks on your door saying they are with the hotel. The hallways are very dark and as a woman, I was not comfortable walking alone at night to my room. The elevators take forever so we often chose to use the stairs - at least we got our exercise.The front desk staff can be quite rude if questioned in any way, however, the manager was very professional when addressing our problems. The location is great, but if you are a woman alone, or with a friend, I would encourage you to stay at a more security conscious hotel.If you have any questions, feel free to email me.Enjoy New York!	
May 9 2006	What a QT	Just returned from a fantastic 6 night break in New York - partly thanks to the Hotel QT. What a cool place. Having stayed in many boutique hotels I found most of them to be a disappointment. However, the QT was better than I expected. I had read a couple of negative reviews before I left so wasn't sure what I was going to get. I requested a room high up in the hotel and that's what I got. We were on the 12th floor in room 1205. Nicely layed out room. Bigger than I thought. Huge shower head which made you want to stay in there for hours. Big comfy bed, flatscreen TV, cool magazines and a nice little cushioned seating area by the window. Ok it could have done with a few little extra's such as somewhere to hang your towels, a proper wardrobe door rather than a curtain and some drawers but they aren't essentials. You can get by easily enough without them.The only thing I found slightly odd was the shower and the toilet being in the same little area. They were quite far apart but if you are in the shower and your partner needs the loo it could be a bit tricky. We did however have a sliding divider to close off the shower / toilet room but it might have been better to have the toilet separate. But then to be honest we actually never needed the shower and toilet at the same time so it was fine. Our shower / toilet area also had 2 massive windows which were frosted halfway up. My boyfriend was concerned that people from the neigbouring office blocks would see you showering etc. but I am pretty sure they would have to be at a very strange angle in their office to see you. Plus once the shower is going the glass would steam up anyway and when you were sat down on the loo there's no way anyone could see. And in the whole time I was there I never actually saw any people moving around in the offices anyway. So if I couldn't see them ! Personally I found it really cool to have a shower and be looking out the window with the sun shining through and the sounds of the streets of Manhattan outside. Some friends of ours were in the room opposite us 1206 and their room wasn't as well designed as ours / seemed slightly smaller (even though it was also an E sized room). So I think maybe some people strike more lucky with their room than others. They also seemed to have much more of a ledge around the bed than us as our bed ran width wise along the window and theirs was lengthwise with the headboard backing against the window. So it made it quite difficult to navigate getting out of bed. Lots of young media / fashion types stay here so the bar / pool / sauna area are all very cool in their design. The staff were all wonderful and helped you with anything you needed - restaurant recommendations / directions etc. None of the snobbery or attitude I've experienced with more expensive hotels. In fact on the day we arrived they were having some cake in the bar area for employee of the month and offered us all a slice which was a nice touch.Breakfast could be better given there's so much fantastic food in New York but it's fine for what you pay. And if you don't like breakfast at the hotel then there's always a couple of nice deli's just to the left of the hotel - Cranberries and Dunhills.You couldn't fault the hotel for location either. Literally a minutes walk from Times Square in one direction and a couple of minutes walk in the other direction to lots of the big stores on 5th Avenue. At the end of the day if you are worried about the size of your room when you are in a city like New York then all I can say is get a life!Ah - one final thing I would point out is that when checking out they take the money and then give you the itemised bill. So make sure you ask for a print out before you pay or at least make sure you double check because the room rate we had been quoted / booked wasn't what they charged us. They charged us 50 dollars per night more. Thankfully my boyfriend remembered I had mentioned it was 230 dollars per night not 280 and I had a print out of the reservation confirmation with me. You should remember to do this too. I spoke to them they refunded the difference immediately including the percentage of tax. Thing is when checking in they asked me to sign a slip agreeing the rate of 280. At the time I said it was wrong so I had it amended. However, this was obviously not put onto the computer system.	
May 4 2006	The best deal in Times Square	Stayed at the hotel Qt for three nights end of April. Booked on Quikbook @ $ 200 per nite and received a catagory &quot;E&quot; room..(see descriptions on their website). This hotel is fantastic.The rooms were SO clean and well kept. The bed was the most comfotable we have slept in besides our own!!! Location can't be beat!! The staff was very friendly and helpful...even used the hotel computer to print my boarding pass!!!  There are just a couple of things worth noting...The bed is a &quot;tight fit&quot; in the room and could be a problem for an older couple to get in and out of. The walk-in shower..although fantastic has no door or curtain...might be an issue for some people....but for me personally it was kinda cool to lay in bed and watch my Love take a shower!!! :) You gotta check this place out!!!	
May 3 2006	I Now Have an Answer	I go to New York once or twice a year, and am often asked &quot;where do you stay?&quot; At last I have an answer!I stayed in the smallest plan room they have (Option F), and it was the largest room I have had in New York (having stayed at Hotel 41 at twice the price, Hotel 17, Quality Inn, Larchmont, Portland Square, and also some nasty shared-bathroom places from back when I was poorer). The QT was also SO much better.It may not be nicer than some 400 or 500 a night rooms (I wouldn't know!) but it was the nicest room I've had yet. The staff were very very courteous and friendly; I felt very welcomed. The location, obviously, is brilliant. I stayed in room 607 and could hear street noise (hello, it's New York) but no bar noises, plumbing, neighbours, etc., and of course fell right to sleep on the wonderful bed.Obviously, depending on your needs, you may or may not like this hotel. For instance, I like very much that the room cost $175. That's a big deal for me, it means I can stay for a week instead of a couple of days. I like having my own bathroom, but don't care if it's huge (this one is, but it didn't matter to me). I love that there's a table with wheels instead of a desk--I was able to customize my space, move the cushions to a different part of the ledge, it felt very organic.I don't mind no bellman, but maybe you do. I don't mind no shower curtain, again, maybe that's important to you. No drawers? Fine, I put my socks and unmentionables in my suitcase and tucked it under the ledge around the bed.What else? You get a shampoo, conditioner, and &quot;rainbath,&quot; but no lotions and such. (Fine.) Free wireless internet (why don't more places do this? I hate getting nickled and dimed on this stuff!). A 24 hour kiosk so if you realise you're dead thirsty at 3:00 in the morning, but for some reason don't want to don a jacket and hit an exterior deli, you're fine. (This is obviously less necessary in New York, but I've been in many a hotel where I'd sorely wished for this, and always think it's a good addition.) Free magazines in your room (real magazines, not collections of ads for attractions and stores).I had a view across the street; it was fine. I read a lot of complaints about views in New York hotels, and I wonder at the mentality of the reviewer. Only one quarter of the walls are going to face forward, you know. Most of the windows are going to point at an adjacent wall of the neighbouring building, or perhaps an interior courtyard at the back. People will complain about anything!The only &quot;shabbiness&quot; was an unfortunate bit of wooden baseboard in the shower area, not a good idea, and it was starting to go. And I do think it would have been useful to have a towel rack near the toilet (I don't really like using one towel then dumping it on the floor, I'm a recycler!)But all in all, from a cost/benefit ratio, this is my new hotel from now on. I'm sold. Cheers to the QT!	
May 2 2006	Cracking Hotel	Stayed 3 nights - 27th april to 29th 2006. Just got back. Hotel is simple, no frills but has everything you need. Helpful staff, a swimming pool thats 24 hour, with people having a few drinks later at night in it, nice bar (pricey drinks though - 2 G&amp;T and three bottles beer was $58!!!)( I suggest if you sleep earlier then ask for a room higher up as it could be noisy on the floor above the bar I think). If you request a room with a bathroom door on for those sharing with mates, they were accomodating - Fantastic shower room with 2 overhead showerheads and side jet attachment. Bed was seriously comfy the best mattress ever, (and I have a prolapsed disc!) nice feather duvets and pillows, none of that blanket palava!.smallish but I have been in smaller travelodge rooms in the UK! but who is doing anything but sleep! (and all NYC hotels are pretty small rooms, space is premium).Nice breakfast included - bagels, eggs, coffee, yoghurt and fruit, cereals, just right. Go out of the hotel - turn right and you are abut a 35 second walk from Times square! the hotel though was not noisy. Restaurant tip - if you have some cash - go over the Brooklyn Bridge and to the River Cafe ,what a restaurant !!( and one of the oldest and most famous in NYC)- will cost you about £100 each and you need to reserve, but we got a table at the window with view right over manhattan skyline and the food was exquisite and the service 11/10. However, a good diner for a late brekkie on sundays is a must!!! Dinking generally expensive, but you walk so much you are in bed ealry anyway - get to the Empire state on your first morning if from UK - you will wake so early that you may as well get up eat breakfast at 7 and then avoid all queues it opens about 8am- you should see the rope queues they have set up there - you would waste the whole day queueing and that is NO exageration. Also when downtown at Liberty - locate the Ritz Carlton and go the their Rise bar on the 16th ish floor - get a nice cocktail (about 12 dollars) and enjoy the free view of liberty, hudson and Brooklyn Bridge......a total must! ( go before about 6 to get a table) ...all in all Fab simple hotel.	
Apr 26 2006	A prison cell would have been an upgrade	We were sent to this hotel when they had to close a portion of the hotel we were originally booked into (The Paramount). After arguing with the idiotic manager at the Paramount about how unfair this was as we had booked theater tickets and dinner reservations based on staying there, we were handed $10 and told to take a cab to the QT.Never in my life have I seen a hotel room this small. I have stayed in many Boutique hotels as well as hotels in Europe, and none were ever as small as this room. I had to go out into the hall just to change my mind. I have never seen a hotel room that had no chairs in it or where you could only watch the TV if you were lying in bed. The small ledge that runs around the bed (So the person on the window side can walk off the bed without having to step on or over the other person) was truly annoying as it is quite possible to slip on it while getting out of bed in the dark.The fact there were no drawers to put clothes in and only 6 hangers in the closet were a problem as well. The bathroom was tiny as well and the sliding door that either covered the toilet area or the shower depending on which one (Never both at the same time) you wanted covered was not a good idea.Fortunately for us, Priceline was able to refund us for one of our two nights as they agreed that the Paramount should not have moved us. Unfortunately, it was Easter weekend, and were unable to find another hotel in the Times Square area that had any rooms available for us to move to.One positive thing to say is that the staff were all very friendly and accomidating for anything you would ask of them.Not only would I never stay in at this hotel again, but we will never stay at the Paramount or any other property owned by the Sol Melia chain.	
Apr 21 2006	Good but not that good	Perhaps if I hadn't seen so many really good reviews for this hotel I wouldn't have felt slightly let down and would have given it 4/5. We paid $160 for the cheapest room type and I actually felt the room was a reasonable size, perhaps not by general USA standards, but I've had worse in London and I didn't feel claustrophobic at all. The bed was comfortable and I liked the platform which provided seating. The shower and toilet facilities were good and the neutrogena toiletries were pleasant. The main bugbear though was the noise, which was pretty much unbearable on most nights. We were on the 4th floor and faced on to the street (even though I'd asked for a quietish room when I booked 5 months ago) and there was a constant noise of car horns, rubbish collection, lorries reversing etc. A film crew were based outside which didn't help as all their lorries kept coming and going all night as well. There was little to no noise from inside the hotel or from neighbouring rooms though. I didn't get to use the pool as it was closed for much of my stay without explanation or apology and the pool had been one of the main reasons for choosing this place. The breakfast was average. We ate breakfast out on a couple of days and in retrospect would have preferred to do this more. The service was efficient and we had no problems with checking in or out, but was a bit abrupt occasionally. Yes, the place looked good, but I guess I never really felt at ease in this place and NY is not short on other cool bars to visit rather than using the one in the hotel. The location was very convenient for transport but not necessarily for music, clubs etc and really what I want most from a hotel is a good night's sleep and I didn't get this.	
Apr 18 2006	Great bed! Great Location! No privacy!!	The location could not have been better! Still, I have to admit I was fairly disappointed with my stay at the Hotel QT. Although the bed was amazing, little room was unbelievably small. The bathroom was bare as well. I find it difficult to understand the logic of putting a shower curtain over the closet area, but not one around the shower. The shower was just an open area to get wet. And I do mean &quot;open area.&quot; There was a very large window that made up the wall of the shower and although the glass was frosted, it was only half way done. It was very easy to see into the building next door. And if I could see out, then I know people could see in. Explain to me how no one thought to put a curtain or some blinds up on a window people a standing naked next to?? (will post pics soon) The hallway was dark and fairly dirty, but the room looked well kept. Not extremely clean, but not dirty enough to really complain. My biggest complaint was that the reservation desk was a bout a foot from the front of the building. It made checking in very crowded. Fortunately the very friendly service made up for that. All in all, not a bad little hotel (got a good price from Quikbook) but don't think I'll be staying there again.	
Apr 12 2006	Location Location Location!	My husband and I stayed at Hotel QT April 6 through 9, 2006 after we returned from a Caribbean cruise that left out of New York.This stylish, chic hotel was right in the middle of everything--just steps from Times Square and the Theater District and close to the subway. Tons of great restaurants and shops within walking distance. The hotel was clean and the bed was no doubt the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in at a hotel--heck, it was more comfortable than my bed at home! The room had a refrigerator, safe, iron and ironing board, small table, and free wireless Internet. My only complaint is that there was no dresser. The bed was high enough so that we could store our suitcases underneath it easily.The bathroom was pretty large. It looked like a long, narrow hallway, with the sink and vanity first, the toilet (for anyone who knows anything about plumbing fixtures, the toilet was a Toto, top of the line) in the middle (with a sliding divider door for privacy) and then the HUGE shower. Three people could have showered in it at the same time. We had plenty of toiletries and fresh towels delivered every day.The staff was friendly and helpful. As I mentioned, we had just returned from a cruise so we arrived at the hotel quite early, around 11 a.m. Check-in time is 4:00 p.m., but they allowed us to check in early and we were even upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra charge! VERY nice! The staff was happy to provide directions and printed our airline boarding passes for us the night before our departure.I thought the breakfast provided was very nice and very adequate, especially for FREE! Bagels with cream cheese or preserves and muffins, hard-boiled eggs, orange juice, coffee, espresso, yogurt, cold cereals, milk, and various fruits. It was certainly enough to get you going for the day!The pool area is very cool, with a swim-up bar. There is also a nice little workout area and the stationary bicycles each have their own individual televisions! There are also free weights, an exercise ball and mats. There is also a steam room and sauna.The crowd hanging out in the bar area was young and hip, and most of the people I saw checking in/out and entering the hotel were also young and hip. My hubby and I are in our 40's but felt very comfortable there and really enjoyed it and were impressed. I would definitely stay here again. It was noisy (street noise--not disturbances within the hotel, the hotel was quiet), but come on, New York is a noisy city--it's not the country! Bring earplugs and life will be good. In my opinion you need earplugs no matter where you stay in New York.We got our room for $200 a night through Quikbook, and I felt it was definitely worth it for the quality of the hotel and especially the location. As I said before, we would definitely stay here again when visiting New York City.	
Apr 9 2006	Disappointed with Hotel QT	I just came back from New York where I stayed at Hotel QT for 4 days. I must say that after all the good reviews raving this hotel I was expecting a much better place, that is, a great place.Well, it's true that the location is fabulous and so are the beds, very confortable. But that's it! Like some other reviewer said before, the hotel had a very nauseating smell the minute you enter. I really don't know if it's bleach or bleach with some ambience perfume they put but the fact is that it isn't pleasant at all and it smelled everywhere inside it.The rooms are tiny and so are the bathrooms, though I already knew that when I booked the room. But they could at least put some hanger or chair. I had no place to put a coat. When I entered the room after the maids had cleaned it I found my pajama on the floor twice. I had the same small bottles of shampoo and bath gel during the 4 days I stayed there. No one supplied any more toiletries or replaced them.Breakfast was very bland. Boiled eggs, green apples, bananas, cereal, bagels and muffins. But if they finished at 9.30 ( breakfast was served until 10 am) they wouldn't put anymore. It happened to me , I had no bagels or bread once.At midnight the noise from the garbage collection was awful and lasted for almost one hour. I was in the 7th floor and the noise was unbarable.I really can't understand why so many people rave this hotel and call it a gem. Not for me though! And paying 205$ a night plus taxes for a single room in this hotel was very overrated. Disappointing to say the least!	
Apr 4 2006	A+++ Hotel QT	The Hotel QT was an excellent choice of hotel for my partner &amp; I, on our first trip to NYC. After arriving late 1am on a Thursday morning, we were promptly checked in &amp; assisted to our room. The room was small, a fact that we already knew, as we had seen the floor plans when making our reservations. The bed like everyone has mentioned was really, really comfortable. The breakfast in the morning was a great way to kick start the day, self service, fresh bagels, juice, coffe &amp; ceral. The breakfast area was kept clean by the staff. We did use the pool, which was heated, &amp; made for a relaxing way to wind down the afternoon. Its location was a major bonus for us as well, only 100 mtrs away was Times Square, &amp; two blocks in the other direction was 5th Ave. Great hotel, great location, Young &amp; hip!!	
Apr 4 2006	Chic affordable Times Square Hotel	Had a 3 night stay here March 2006. Hotel QT is a designer budget boutique hotel just off Times Square. If youre wondering what the hell that means then basically a trendy, independent (as oppose to chain) hotel into which a great deal of thought about design and suitability for market (20 to 30 somethings) has gone. The budget part is not that theyve particularly cut corners with the final product, more that they have condensed a simple, no frills design into a more compact, profitable space. First the good bits. Location is SUPERB, about 100m from the centre of Times Square. So as well as the local excitement, most places youll go on Manhattan will be no more than about $15 in a cab, probably much less. (For all its glitz, and with only a few exceptions, Times Square area is actually devoid of any notable restaurants, bars or clubs). We waited no longer than about 30secs for a taxi at any time of the day, although the drive through the Square can be frustrating, so walk to the corner of 6th &amp; 45th if youre in a hurry. Some rooms are quoted as having views of Times Square, but I doubt you can really see more than a small sliver.Reached from the 2nd floor, but visible through glass viewing panels in the lobby, is a DJ booth overlooking a small swimming pool, steam room &amp; sauna (all free to guests &amp; bar users), and the place comes to life at the weekend with pool parties &amp; music going on into the night. Room although small, has been well designed with plasma screen TVs and CD/DVD players. Bed was the comfiest weve ever slept in, and an empty fridge meant you could stock up with your own drinks (dont buy from hotel reception $$$, see below). Bathroom was clean and spacious (compared to the tiny bedroom area), in a wet room style, with the shower being a modern chrome dinner plate design (could have been more powerful though).As for the few gripes we had, the room was tiny. Many reviewers complain unnecessarily about small hotel rooms in New York, but this place was like a veal crate. At a guess, I would say the bed took up 75% of the room, leaving barely enough room to squeeze past each other. Only a small wardrobe for clothes (no drawers), meant the suitcases were tucked under the bed full for our stay. The reception doubles as a small news kiosk, selling magazines through to alcoholic drinks, although we only used it once. The bill for 3 drinks came to $35. Our room was at the front, and if we hadnt been so tired from jetlag / walking / drinking etc the noise would have kept us awake most of the night. Ask for a high room as the road works and binmen started at about 6am, I suppose the only time the streets around Times Sq are relatively empty.Overall, youve got to be MTV generation or young at heart to enjoy a stay at Hotel QT. If youre sharing a room, make sure you know the other person well cos youll be on top of each other, although for a room and hotel of this quality in the centre of New York its probably a sacrifice worth making. Book early though as the place is justifiably popular. Price is excellent for location, quality and features. We paid about $190 a night which included a breakfast we never ate. Ive also heard reception often hold free VIP passes for cool clubs like Crobar or Lotus, but we always sort out guestlists before hand, so didnt ask.	
Mar 20 2006 	A hidden gem	I checked into the QT for a four-night business stay - managing to hit the February blizzard at the same time - and was pretty impressed with the QT's cool rooms and friendly atmosphere. Service and communication? Not so much. Having read the Tripadvisor reviews about the noise from the pool downstairs, I specifically asked when I made my booking that I be allocated a room high-up in the hotel, as I needed all the sleep I could get. On arriving, I found I had a 4th floor room (this is a TALL hotel), and immediately asked if it could be changed; I was told to return the next morning and ask again, but when I did, I was told, eye-rollingly, that I should have asked the previous evening, but drop by again later, which I did, only to be told I should have asked someone different, but let me check... etc, etc. I was eventually moved to a fabulously peaceful 16th floor room on my final night, and was offered a bottle of wine to make up for the bags under my eyes, but beware: street side rooms are VERY noisy, especially if you're staying on the weekend! When I checked out, I was also charged at a different room rate to the one I'd booked over the internet; it worked out slightly in my favour, but did give me a moment's panic.That said, the QT's charm made up for any shortcomings - the funky rooms have free wifi, the beds are super-comfy, the complimentary breakfast is particularly good, and there is a (smaller than it looks on the website!) poolside bar. It's very good value, and the midtown location makes it convenient for getting around. No restaurant, but plenty of nearby eating options, as well as a comprehensive takeaway delivery menu in each room - a clever touch. All in all, I'd definitely go back.	
Mar 11 2006	First visit to New York	This was our first time in New York and we had a great time, made even more memorable by the QT which we booked after seeing it mentioned in one of the Sunday broadsheets.Everything we had read in the reviews was largely correct.The hotel is chic, very well placed about 100 yards from Times Square. The pool adds to the atmosphere and it clearly attracts the beautiful people.The beds as stated elsewhere are great but mind your head on the bunks.A great and friendly experience in the city that doesn't sleep	
Mar 4 2006	QT - one of the best in NYC.	I generally stay downtown when I go to New York, in places like the well-located but below average Washington Square Hotel. Decided to stay midtown this time around as it was my girlfriend's first time in NY and we wanted to hit some attractions around there. First impressions were great - friendly, helpful staff, clean. Room was fine. Small, but cases fit under the bed, ridiculously comfortable bed that we wanted to stay in the whole time, great shower and nice bathroom. If you're planning a night in (unlikely, I know), there's a DVD player (if you're from Europe or Asia, you might want to take a couple of region 1 DVD's). Rooms were well cleaned daily. Pool was nice, if a little cold for the season, bar was nice and not too pricey by NY standards. I wouldn't recommend stocking up at the kiosk - $6 for a small beer, $6 for a bottle of water - but go a couple of doors down to the Deli and stock your fridge up there. Price (our double was $200 a night) was fantastic for the location. You're yards from Times Square and a brisk 15 minute walk to Central Park. There's a really nice and friendly Italian restaurant a couple of doors down. We were on the 12th floor, and it was quiet - the thick curtains helped to muffle that NY sound. Downsides? We got kicked out of the steam room and sauna by a particularly curt maintenance guy - the only rudeness we encountered on our whole trip - he could have taken charm lessons from the guy in the lobby who helped us stash our cases when we checked out and organised a company car to take us to the airport (only a few dollars more than a cab, and more comfortable). We can't wait to go back.	
Mar 2 2006	And very hush hush	This is a late review but I thought I should get on here and write on! Stayed in the QT for a long weekend just before Christmas. Check in was fast, pleasant. Luckily we had a deluxe room (hear the standard is very small) the bed was just lush, you could sink into it when you slept. We didn't spend much time in the hotel (as you shouldn't in new york) but when we did it was relaxing, the pool is very cool, complimentary breakfast. lcd tv, plenty of room for all our shopping! and the best thing is, it is a stones throw from times square. only problem is there is no door for the bathroom, a bit unusual. this is the perfect hotel if you like boutiques, modern design, and can get on by yourself without needing any help from the front desk. would love to return.	
Feb 13 2006	Not what expected	From what I heard, i expected a lot more. Immediately upon entering, it smelled like bleach. When approaching the front desk, the staff did not acknowledge me for about a whole minute. When I finally spoke up, they pretended they didn't know I was there. The rooms are also very small. The whole experience was not what I thought it would be.	
Feb 13 2006	New Year's Eve Great Place to Stay!	I stayed here on New Year's Eve, it was the best choice I could have made! My husband and I arrived early, 11am, and our room was ready, check-in a breeze. Had tickets to the Planet Hollywood party, 1/2 block away. Could not have asked for a better location and room. While the rooms are not Ritz Carlton caliber, they are great for the price-point.If you are incredibly picky about your surroundings, don't stay in NYC. It's not the cleanest place on the planet. However, if location to &quot;tourist&quot; attractions are on your list, the Hotel QT can accomodate very nicely for half the price of full service hotels. Who needs 4 restaurants and room service when you have Times Square right out the front door? The pool was very crowded and the bar jumping all night long, but then again, it was New Year's Eve. The room was quiet, considering... The bathroom facilities and bed were comfortable and clean. Next time I go to NYC I will not hesitate to book the Hotel QT again.	
Feb 7 2006	Cute hotel and great location	I stayed at the QT during the Christmas - New years week of 2005 with my wife. We both really liked the design and coziness of the property. Also, it is located just a 30 second walk from Times Square. The staff is helpful and there are deli's a minute away. Overall, I had a great time here and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 3 2006	Book It Stay Here Trust Me!	Listen, this is the best value in the best location to see and do everything in NYC. The breakfast is an excellent bonus, the pool a nice day ending treat, the staff amazing, the rooms cosy -small but useful space with nice washrooms and a great comfy bed. I have stayed all over the world-in NYC rates are insane-HOTEL QT gives you value and thats tough to come by in NYC. Trust me, I am picky, believe me, Hotel QT---you're not sure-now you are BOOK IT !	
Jan 25 2006	QT is perfect	I would recommend this hotel to anyone with a sense of adventure and sense of humor. This hotel is probably not for the stuffy business traveler used to a typical bedroom with awful bedspread and curtains. The rooms are small, but feel more spacious as the bed is on a raised platform and extremely comfortable. The flat screen TV works with the space constraints installed on the wall across from the bed. The bathroom is actually enormous with enough counter space for two. We had a room facing off the street and did not hear much street noise from the 11th floor. We arrived on a Friday and witnessed the pool party chaos on our way back in from our night out. Don't miss this party. We were too pooped to participate but it sure looked like fun. The breakfast was just enough to give you the fuel for the day. The kiosk is perfect for a late night snack or drink. Who needs a minibar anyway?I'd stay here again in a second. We got a $135 rate for a standard room.	
Jan 25 2006	We adore Hotel QT!	We just returned from 5 days at the QT and we can't wait to return. My boyfriend and I have stayed everywhere from Super 8s to the Bellagio, and you simply cannot beat this hotel's mix of style, design, comfort, friendliness, intimacy, and value. We loved our stay and found the hotel perfect for our needs. We are artists/professionals in our early 30s -- probably the demographic that Andre Balazs has targeted. We value good design, attention to detail, comfort, style, impeccable cleanliness, friendly service, and good value, so this hotel was perfect for us. Frankly, the QT is a brilliant concept.We checked in at around 6pm by a friendly agent. She invited us to the movie night at the pool the next night -- they were showing JAWS. At first we were a little taken aback at how small the room was, but once we organized ourselves, the room became very cozy. Remember to bring an alarm clock; we forgot ours. For $160 per night, we got the smallest room, the &quot;F,&quot; (one housekeeper told us that all rooms that end in &quot;12&quot;, i.e., 612, are the tiniest). It was a great rate for a tiny room that burst with amenities. The room was a queen on a platform pushed up against a large window (that opened), flatscreen TV, DVD player, immaculate fridge, small closet, room to hang clothes/coats, and wetroom bathroom (with towel racks) with a sliding door that ensured privacy (I know some rooms open right into the bathroom -- not ours). Towels were fluffy, huge, and Egyptian cotton. The room was perfect for a couple.The room also included a hairdryer, iron and board, and -- a plus -- a safe that fit my 15&quot; laptop (it will fit a 17&quot;). We used the DVD player as well. You also get FREE wireless internet for your entire stay (most hotels charge up to $10-20 a day!). I loved the convenience of looking up maps, restaurants, theater, etc. on my laptop. There's a full range of cable channels. We were able to take home our leftovers and store water and sodas in the fridge. Granted, we had to climb over each other to get out of bed, and there was little room for anything but our bed, but we used the underbed storage well and just got used to the cozy space. For the price we paid, it was a great room. And about that wonderful bed...I have to agree with other posters -- the bed is DELICIOUS. Down comforters and pillows, Egyptian cotton sheets, pillowtop mattress. Overall, the room and bed were extremely clean. Certainly no bedbug infestation in our room.I looked forward to the breakfast every morning. It is substantial and full of choices -- delicious flaky croissants, real NY bagels, pastries and muffins, hard boiled eggs, almond and coconut studded granola and yogurts, cereals, a make-your-own-latte machine (the staff helped me make one), fresh fruits, juice. It was served in their clean, nicely designed mezzanine space. It was the best complimentary breakfast I've ever seen (some hotels give you a gummy danish and coffee and call it free breakfast).The pool/bar scene was relatively dead through the week and then erupted into a huge pool party worthy of a hip hop video on Friday night. We didn't indulge, but thought it would be a fun option if you're into that sort of thing. We didn't hear it at all from our room on the 6th flr. Also, a friend who works at the channel told us that this is the hotel where MTV puts up their visiting bands because it's inexpensive yet hip -- so if this matters to you, this is the hip spot to be, at least in midtown.Lastly, I have to commend the staff on their great service. On returning from dinner our first night, we casually notified the front desk that the DVD player didn't work. The repair person came so quickly that he must have followed us directly from the front desk! He then immediately replaced the DVD player. (Though the DVD player location was ridiculous -- I would suggest a shelf above the flatscreen because its location UNDER the platform is laughable). Breakfast staff was friendly and helpful, and front desk agents were smiley and friendly. I hate snotty, painfully hip customer service, so thankfully, there is none of this at QT. Lastly, location was excellent. We went everywhere -- almost every subway line seemed less than 2 blocks away. We had a fantastic vacation -- so much fun -- and the QT was a huge part of it. We can't stop raving about it and are bragging to all of our friends about this great hotel. We did not have to sacrifice style and comfort for a room under $200 a night. All our vacation stories start with, &quot;And we stayed at the coolest place....&quot;	
Jan 20 2006	Excellent modern contemporary hotel	Loved staying at the QT! If your after somewhere with modern decoration, ultra stylish bar and pool area and superb location you can't go wrong! The location was fantastic, half a block from Times Square. The room was excellent, ours was bigger than some of the photos posted, i guess it's the luck of the draw on that. Although I did request a room on one of the higher floors before we arrived after reading some other reviews about travel noise. We were on the 10th floor so it was pretty quiet. As other reviews say the bed was mega-comfy.The pool and bar area's are the highlight of the hotel. Great to relax in the pool and sauna in the day, even better to enjoy the bar after a night out!Also loved the breakfast - but watch out for the swinging chairs!If you a young couple or group I would say you will love staying at the QT.	
Jan 19 2006	A Great Place to Sleep at a Great Price	The Hotel QT is no frills, yet is very rewarding considering I expected nothing but a place to sleep at a great price while I worked at a tradeshow. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of staff and food and music for the complimentary breakfast. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was VERY quiet, and I got a great nights' sleep for each of the nights I was there, which says a lot since I am always anxious during tradeshows. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was spacious. I was pleased! I am very happy to have booked this through Tablet Hotels, a hotel booking website with a sophisticated layout and design.	
Jan 16 2006	What a great place to stay in NY	I had just recently spent a weekend in New York to see some shows and get some of those after holiday bargains. I found QT via the internet and was impressed by the pictures, so I booked a room. To my surprise the pictures did not do the hotel justice. The lobby,pool and bar were amazing, what a great design. The pool was the best part, so relaxing and heated to 90 degrees I thought for a second I was at a day spa instead of a hotel in Times Square. I plan on staying at hotel QT whenever I visit New York.	
Jan 16 2006	QT was great	The QT is a great unique hotel just close enough to everything to be convenient, yet just far off the beaten path that it seemed world's away from the hustle of Times Square. Only a 10 minute walk from Grand Central also. The room was very well laid out and clean, and they even upgraded me to a deluxe without even having to ask. The pool/bar area is a very special place to relax and unwind...a great idea that might very well, and should catch on elswhere. I will definitely be returning!	
Jan 15 2006 	Modern budget minimalism that works	This is what a hotel would look like if Ikea built one, inexpensive but modern minimalism design employed well. Do print out your reservation to get the rate you booked. Parking is $25 a day on the next street with a coupon from the hotel.When you walk in the check-in counter and gift shop are smartly condensed together on your left. The hotel lobby is a play on levels, the glass enclosed pool is a few feet above floor level and the bar is a few feet below. There's stadium seating next to the pool and on the Friday night we were there, it was spilling over with twenty-somethings bouyed on cocktails from the pass through window to the bar.Although the web site gives the impression that each bed has a flat panel, there is only one and it's could be bigger, keeping budgets in mind it's fine. The DVD player is underneath the bench seating. The closet has nice thick steel hangars, no drawers in the room but plenty of space to store stuff under the bed. The layout of the bathroom for the king w/bunk is spacious enough to move around easily.The bathroom has a long counter, more spacious than a many expensive hotels with an additional outlet. The lighting fixture is near the sink, moving it to the middle or adding another one would be a nice improvement. There is a sliding panel to cover the shower or the toilet. Didn't care for the above your head shower, yeah it looks cool but it isn't and it would be nice to have a towel hook nearby. The refrigerator with glass door is well chosen.We stayed in 1207. Though I could hear the garbage collection down below, I fell asleep within minutes and didn't wake until the alarm went off in the morning. Good bed and great bedding. Be a little careful with the bunk bed, it's big enough for adults but a little closer to the ceiling than an adult might be comfortable with.It could use a few tweaks, but is such an improvement over the traditional hotel that it will be on my short list again.	
Jan 15 2006 	In the middle of everything!!!!	Every once in a while you find a place not off the beaten path, but under the radar of everything around it. This is the case of the QT! This hotel is located less than one block from Times Square, and is substantially cheaper than the larger hotels that reside in Times Square, I paid $275.00 for for their premium (I think that they called it a &quot;B&quot; room) room, but they did have rooms starting at $175.But this hotel has style, and it is evident in it's design. When you look at the larger hotels in the area (Millenium, Hilton, Marriott Marquis) they now all loiok the same, and have become the standard. The Hotel Qt seems to be designed off a &quot;hostel&quot; but a chic neuvo hostel. The rooms are minimalist but cozy, and well thought out with space saving in mind. There are no mini-bars, but there is a fridge and the front desk sells everything you need to stock your own mini-bar that includes items such as Champagne, hard liquor, beer, and snacky food items as well.The best feature of this hotel is the bar and pool area. It fills up with uninhibited 20 somethings that end up in the pool. This was amazing to see, it quite literally started out as a flock of poeple that started out at the bar and then after a few drinks they bought bathing suits from the Front Desk area and were off to the pool. It was a real party and not at all rowdy as it may sound. Also apparently there were local celebrities there, actors from the local broadway shows.Keegan at the bar (one of the hotels greatest assests, by the way) told me that the bar itself every once in a while confirms that people have their birthday parties here, and what was going on in and around the bar/pool area. Apparently it was one of the actors from Rent. All in all, I do alot of business in the city and this place is right up the alley (litterally) when it comes to location price and atmosphere.	
Jan 14 2006	Great Experience	We really enjoyed the QT. The rooms were large and the bed was really comfortable. Also, the rooms have wireless online access.The hotel is not &quot;Full Service&quot; so don't expect doormen, room service, etc. Nevertheless, I loved the hotel and the value.	
Jan 13 2006	A Chic 	Now, I'm a savvy traveler, and a huge fan of the boutique hotels. I've stayed in many chic abodes across the world. But, I've never found something quite like the hotel QT. It does not carry your typical snobbish attitude, characteristic of most boutique style hotels, but at the same time it's cool enough to have an attitude with anyone who walks thru it's doors, if it so chooses. It chooses not to. You almost miss it's entrance as you walk down the busy and rather unspectacular Times Square street. It's truly a hidden gem. One immediately feels transformed as he/she walks inside. Front desk agents smile and greet you, hospitality often missed out on in the average hotel these days. Once checked in, one finds his/her way to the elevator, passing a unique view into what looks a sanctuary for pool goers. I learn later that this pool sanctuary is accompanied by a sultry steam room and sauna. There would be more to explore here, but to my room I go.Everything you need, but nothing more in the room. Simple, no frills. Very refreshing to have just the essentials. A practical design, but design there still is. Sleek bathroom counter, roomy shower (no bathtub), inviting bed. Perfect sleep.Cocktail hour. There is a note from the GM to join the poolside fun. More friendly employees greet me as I enter the bar. A Tuesday night and you can still find a charming crowd in the bar. First, I enjoy a glass of complimentary champagne, and then order what my own taste buds desire. A worthy excursion before I meet friends for dinner. I will definitely be suggesting this hotel to those I know and don't. It's quite a unique experience. Again, don't expect frills and royalty...it doesn't fit this humble abode. But expect fun, expect friendly, expect sensual, expect diversion from the norm, expect all that you need and want, but nothing excessively more.	
Jan 13 2006	Peaceful getaway from the hustle and bustle	This was my first trip to NYC. I was a little timid about staying in Times Square but thought that this was a once in a lifetime oppurtunity so I wanted to make the most of it. hotel QT is the perfect Oasis from the crowds, and noise in Time Square. I found it peaceful. I sat by the pool all day on a rainy afternoon and read my book. The rooms were spotless, the staff accomadating, and the breakfast yummy. I did a lot of research prior to coming and QT offered the best rate. I am more than pleased with my stay. Ask for Gina in reservations, she was very helpful when I made my reservation.	
Jan 9 2006	Great	Really enjoyed the stay. Clean rooms, nice people. Close to Times Square. Everything that I needed.	
Jan 8 2006	Excellent Location Good Value for Minimialist Accomodations	Overall we were very satisfied with the QT. As others have mentioned, the mid-town location is just half a block from Times Square, and is ideal for most tourist activities. It is very convenient to Broadway, Rockefeller Center &amp; Radio City, Fifth Ave, and St. Patrick's, and is a short cab or subway ride to downtown and uptown locations. The property itself does try to present itself as trendy in a minimalist sort of way. The bar is located beyond the lobby and half a floor below the adjacent swimming pool, which is seperated by large windows. While visually this makes for an interesting space, a strong chlorine odor was quite noticeable in both the lobby and the bar.The rooms are small as is typical for value oriented hotels in the city, but are very efficiently designed. We stayed in a corner room on the 8th floor with twin platform beds positioned perpendicular to each other along outer walls of the room, with a small flat screen TV that swiveled to kinda allow both occupants to view it. The only other furnishings were a small pedestal table, and a dorm style refrigerator. At the opposite end of the room was a large tiled shower with a great &quot;rain shower&quot; fixture, but modest travelers should be aware it is completely open to the room with no curtain or door. The toilet is in a separate enclosed space next to the shower with a closable door. There was also a good sized vanity/mirror and closet bar for hanging clothes that could be concealed behind a sliding curtain. The condition of the room was above average and clean. We found the beds to be very comfortable, but most surprising were how quiet the room was given the proximity to the hustle and bustle of Times Square. We seldom heard disruptive street noise, and never heard anything from adjacent rooms. Another big plus is free wireless Internet access from all the rooms. The design proved to be very comfortable despite the small footprint, although as others have noted expect to live out of your suitcase since the only storage space is for hanging clothes. However, for the busy tourist that is looking for a clean and comfortable place to stay with a great location and a competitive price, the QT is a great value.	
Jan 7 2006	Nice but pricey	Our 5 1/2 yr old daughter had surgery at Roosevelt and after two nights in the &quot;apartment&quot; the hospital arranged for us we decided to try QT for our last night after seeing it on the Travel Channel. We called that morning and they said the room would be ready and we could check in early. By time we got there (30 minutes) that was not the case and they were going to put us in a smaller room. They kept our bags while we went for a doctor's appointment and while we were out they called to say we could have the original room, so it was a nice effort. We stayed in an &quot;A&quot; room and our daughter loved the bunk bed. Up and down, up and down the whole time. If she was any younger I would have been a bit leery about the height and ladder but we were glad she was having a good time. The pool looked great but we didn't have suits and our daughter had stitches. I didn't care for the dark hallways, it just made it feel dingy but the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. I did keep hearing trash trucks outside through the night. We stayed in 1207. It seems they are raising rates so make sure you have a printout of any online reservations. We paid $300 but they originally said it would be $340 but online it shows $295 which still seems pricey for not even getting a coffee maker in room. The gentleman handling the breakfast was very courteous and tentative and it was a nice relaxing way to start the day.	
Jan 4 2006	Bed Bugs and Dogs	My fiancee and myself stayed at The Hotel QT on one of our many trips to New York. I was aware that this hotel was considered a budget hotel, however the level of cleanliness was shocking.When we arrived we were unhappy with the cleanliness of the room, we reported this to the front desk-shop. Who with another couple of chews of her gum, said well be right on it.We came back a few hours later , it had not been done. The toilet was dirty, the duvet cover was stained and there were crumbs on the floor.The next morning we woke up to find bites on our arms and legs. we went to a pharmacy and the pharmachist indeed say that they looked like bed bug bites.We returned to Hotel QT, contacted the duty managerShe said they would take care of it. we returned to the room and decided that we would like to move rooms as we did not feel that thay had really done anything.We were told that the Duty mnager in the morning shoould have moved us , but we now could not be moved as they were full.The next morning again we awoke with more bug bites.Again we spoke to the duty manager who again could not move us as they were full.The last night we returned to the hotel after dinner to be refused entry to the hotel bar as they were having a private party.The party consisted of about a hundred trendy new yorkers in there dirty outdoor shoes walking around the hotel pool, which has a sign no outdoor shoes, very hygienic.Lastly on departure we met the general manger and her Dog a lovely big pointer, he was running around the pool area licking the pool water, that i had been swimming in 24 hours before. The place would be closed down in Ireland. The have no notion on customer care,the staff appear lazy and untrained, with no hygiene skills.dont go as its not cheap, not worth it.	
Jan 4 2006	Not worth 1/2 what I paid	I realized that they are trying to be artsy and hip - but they could have at least used quality materials. The overall shape of the place was average to poor: frayed carpet, dented and scuffed walls, etc. The room fixtures reminded me of the cheap junk you buy at Ikea, not to mention the size of the room meant that I had to crawl over my girlfriend to get out of the bed. I would not stay there again, and I would not recommend it to anyone. The staff was not helpfull and since they didn't ask if I enjoyed my stay - I can only assume that they did not care.	
Dec 31 2005	Cool!	The hotel was in a great location. We could walk to all the plays and easy to get to MTA. The breakfast was so good! A great way to start the day. The room was small but since it was just my daughter and I it was fine. We did not stay in the room much. My only complaint is there is no where to put clothes but the closet and no hooks in the room. It was fine for what we needed. It had a safe and frig. which we used. My daughter loved the pool. Well worth the price. Would stay again!	
Dec 31 2005	Great Great Great!	Hotel QT was GREAT! The location is central to both Times Square and Rockefeller Center. The room was wonderful. You don't even spend much time enjoying it in the busy city of NY. The breakfast was a great, easy start to a busy day. The rooms were clean, spacious, and provided everything that we hoped for. We stayed in room 1102. It was quiet, big, and plenty of room for two. NY is a great city!! Enjoyed our broadway show the best of anything. We stood in line at the TKTS booth for 2 hours...but it was well worth the wait. Great places to eat...Sweet and Tart (Chinatown), Joe Allens (Restaurant Row before a show), Lombardis (Little Italy). Reasonable places that provided great food. Wished we were still in NYC!!	
Dec 29 2005	Had a fantastic time at the trendy QT	We could not believe the crowd outside the QT when we arrived late on a Friday night, but when we stepped in it was clear this was a happening place. They were partying in the pool, the music was thumping and the bar was calling us to join in, which of course we did. A great place to stay, the location is excellent just off Times Sq and a short stroll to 5th Avenue, the breakfast lounge is great (staff superb), our room was small but the bed one of the best we have slept in (albeit for about 3 hrs a night) but a delight none the less. We had a great time and much preferred the atmosphere at this small boutique hotel than the larger ones you find in NY. Not where I would stay with my daughter or parents, but with friends its a blast. Note: If with friends ask for a closed bathroom (basically a door on the loo).	
Dec 25 2005	Kicked Butt!!!	I've traveled around the world alot and I've stayed in many cool, and hip places. My overall experience with the QT was OUTSTANDING!!!!! I am a very down to earth and not caught up in the trendy world but I do appreciate a great place to stay and hotel QT is exactly that &quot; a Very Cool Place&quot;. Oh and by the way the bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on and try not to miss the complimentary breakfast it was fantastic.	
Dec 12 2005 	Many problems	We stayed in this Hotel last November for one night. We booked from France for one night as the hotel is very well located in Times square and has a indoor swimming pool cross the bar.When we check in the room was not ready but as it was a early check in no problem. You can leave your luggage and come back later.We got a room as mentionned on the websibe on the fith floor with a note on the bed mentionned that the pool and the bar were closed this evening for a private party.Disappointment....When we came back after the dinner , it was impossible to sleep in the room as it was very noisy. The lady in the reception was very unhepfull and just said that it was not her problem if the noise is coming from outside...In fact it is the aircondionning just up the room ...When we check out after a very bad night we paid cash and mentionned that they have our Visa credit card. &quot; No problem the credit card was just as guarantee&quot; for answer..and no invoice in return. I requested it.When we came back in France , surprise.... our account was debited for the night in the QT hotel via our Visa credit card.I will never stayed in this hotel anymore.No service. Staff incompetent.Room just ok.	
Dec 7 2005	Hotel QT is first-rate!	We stayed at Hotel QT from Sunday November 13 to Monday November 21.For a budget hotel (it was just under $200 a night), without many of the bells and whistles of other more luxurious hotels, this was an excellent choice for our stay in NYC and really enhanced our time in the city.Here, in point form, are some of the things you should know:1. We asked for a room on a high floor, and got it without any problems. Ask for it early, and you will get it.2. We stayed in Room 1301, which despite the unlucky number 13, was a great choice. We had a corner room, which apparently is not as large as other rooms, but found the room perfectly adequate for our needs - a large king bed, a lot of space behind a large curtain for our luggage, bar fridge and ironing board, a separate bathroom and plasma TV.3. The room felt new to us. No sign of wear and tear. The bathroom was separated by a door (in the traditional sense), with a vanity, toilet and shower (which was in turn separated by a shower curtain. We did have towel racks.4. The reception staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful. Apart from a few forgotten requests, we were happy.5. The breakfast is FANTASTIC. So convenient, well set out, and very tasty - bagels, muffins, croissants, cream cheese, jams, butter, hard-boiled eggs, juice, coffee, milk and cereal, with a toaster. Take advantage of this - it will save you time and money. And get there early before the breakfast room (on level 2) fills up with other guests.6. Location, location, location. Literally around the corner from Times Square, but on West 45th Street which is not too noisy. Broadway shows are just a few steps away. Going the other way towards Sixth Avenue, a left turn and up two short blocks and you were on the F-Train subway, one of the most convenient subway lines, with easy access to other lines downtown and uptown.7. We needed to stay an extra day and found the reception staff very accommodating.8. It was the most comfortable sleep I have EVER had in all of my travels. That bed was amazing - extremely comfortable - and the room was so quiet!Stay here. Ask for a high room. You will love it.	
Dec 5 2005	A mixed bag	We stayed the week of Thanksgiving. Our reservation was made 8 months prior - in March 2005. 3 days before arrival, we called the hotel to confirm our reservation and room type: king bed with bunk for 2 adults and one teenager. All was well, or so we were told. Upon arrival (after a long day traveling from the west coast) we were told we had a room with 2 twin beds. When we expressed our surprise and dismay, we were told we had &quot;only made the reservation for 2 people.&quot; That statement in and of inself annoyed us no end, and we were then told there was nothing they could do, they had no other room for us. End of discussion (take it or leave it) as far as the clerk was concerned. Miraculously, after presenting a copy of our emailed room reservation confirmation, a different clerk helped us, and while we were crammed into a king room with cot for the first night (which they really should have given us a partial refund for), we were moved to a larger room (1207) king bed with twin bunk the following day. Luckily, the attitude we encountered that first evening did not extend to the rest of our stay. We found the staff to be satifactory, and the hotel manager (Tiffany) was more than helpful when my husband had to be taken by ambulance to the hospital one morning. Breakfast was provided, which made mornings easy to manage. The room was adequate, though already showing signs of wear, including an ample amount of mold on the tile grout in the shower (UGH).  We loved the layout, though there easily could have been some drawers added to the room without compromising the design. No, there is not one single drawer in the room. It was a pain to pull our suitcases out from under the bed whenever we wanted any of our folded clothing. Bathroom has a long counter (probably 7' or more long) which could have been a great feature. Unfortunately there is only one little light right over the sink, so that renders about 5' of the counter space completely and utterly useless. I am very grateful we had a room on an upper floor. I cannot imagine staying on the 3rd or 4th floors with the loud music from the lounge area. Even though we always went to bed later than 1, the bar was still loud most evenings after that. Location was terrific for us, as we has show tickets all but one night of our stay. So easy to walk back to the hotel late at night. Subway is just a couple of short blocks away. As is shopping on 5th Ave. Easy to walk to Central Park and other sights. All in all a good stay. However, I cannot express enough how much the attitude we encountered while checking in jaded our impression of this hotel. Would we stay here again? With reservation. Would we recommend it to others? Likely not.	
Nov 30 2005	Great hotel and price	Great location, price and very comfortable.	
Nov 29 2005	Awesome!	Hotel QT is such a great catch....excellent location right by Times Square. The staff was very friendly...(Madgeline, Eric, Lewis to name a few). We got there at 10 a.m. but check-in wasn't until 3, so they stored all of our luggage until we returned. We even got upgraded to a bigger room at no additional charge. Our room 1001 had a king size bed and enclosed shower...This had more than enough space for my friend and I throughout the whole 6 days. The shower head is great and like everyone else mentioned, the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in...That's probably why we always overslept and missed the continental breakfast! Being 25 and from California, my friend and I were interested in NY nightlife and clubs and we got great recommendations from the staff...They even gave us VIP passes for Club Lotus and Crowbar. For $185 a night, our stay at Hotel QT was soooo worth it...It really is a unique hotel...very trendy and hip. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 28 2005	Good location ...	Great location - near Citibank and Starbucks, not far from subway.Front desk staff was very courteous. We checked in early but couldn't get our room until later in the afternoon. When we returned to get our keys, we found that we had been upgraded. On the day we left, we checked our bags at the front desk and returned several times to add items to our bags. The bags were brought out each time by a very pleasant employee and then returned to storage.Our room was clean but small and would be off-putting to some because of the lack of door to shower (you can see into shower from the room). Also, if there is a party in the pool area, the noise from the speakers reverberates in some rooms.All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would return.	
Nov 26 2005	Great value for money	This is a cool little hotel with an exellent location just off times square. Rooms are not huge, but they've made good use of the space - once our cases were pushed under the bed there was plenty of room to move around - after all, you don't go to New York to stay in your hotel room! The breakfast was also great - the best free breakfast I've experienced in the US.We found the service very helpful an polite. We reported a broken lightbulb on the first morning and it was fixed by the time we got back later that day. The reception staff organised a car back to the airport for us. We also found the maids very friendly, and the bar staff. The bar wasn't cheap, but pretty much on a par with other local bars - the setting was much nicer than the local Irish pubs!One nice touch - we were there for Thanksgiving and came back that day to find free mineral water and alka seltzer in the room to help with the &quot;morning after&quot;!	
Nov 22 2005	Great stay at the QT	Just returned from a 3 day weekend getaway at the QT. My husband and I (both in late 30s) were very happy with the hotel. Great modern design, very comfortable room, fantastic shower, surprisingly quiet even though our room was opposite the elevator (room 1002). Breakfast was very good. Location and value can't be beat! Front desk staff and housekeeping were so-so but you get what you pay for. All in all we would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 21 2005	Different Funky Fun Excellent Location	First impressions, im in a newsagents not a hotel, but that is the attraction of the Hotel QT everything is a little different and quirky. The first night we stayed on the 3rd floor which was very noisy as it was so close to the street. We asked to be moved at 7am the next morning and immediately we were given a key to a room on the 6th floor to inspect it and see if it met our needs, any other hotel would not be impressed by negative feedback.The second room had two single deds and an open plan shower which was pretty daunting as I was sharing with my friend, however we laughed about it and agreed to sit on the bed that had no view of the shower when we had to use it.The breakfast was excellent and definately a very nice touch as we went to new york to do a lot of shopping and sightseeing it was great to leave the hotel with breakfast out of the way. We have been told of the location before but I never realised how brilliant it was. Come out of the hotel turn right go past O'Lunneys pub and a few steps later you are on time square, for parents out there at the corner is Swatch Watch and a couple of stores later is the amazing toysrus store. I will definately be back in new york next year and I will not hesitate in booking this amazing quirky hotel again.One tip, dont drink at the hotel bar, 2 glasses of wine set my friend and I back $20, it wasn't even good wine, but there is a nice Irish Bar next door called Connollys, which also does lovely food (but staff could use an injection of friendliness)Last but not least many hotels and restaurants could learn some lessons in genuine friendliness and good customer service from the staff at Hotel QT, I couldnt say enough good things about them 10 out of 10 to the great people working there.	
Nov 20 2005	wonderful find	I stayed at the QT for a long weekend and must say it lived up to the previous reviews. Room though not enormous was spacious enough and very clean. The mini fridge and free safe are a welcome feature compared to many places i have stayed in NY. Staff at reception were very friendly and although i turned up before the 3pm check in time allocated me a room on one of the higher floors. The bar is a good place for a few &quot;starters&quot; or nightcaps alike.Will definitley be at the top of my list for NY when i visit again.	
Nov 18 2005	A GREAT NYC Find	What a find! Everything, from the courteous, friendly reception through the efficient check-out, was just terrific. We loved the spare---yet stylish--- look of the rooms. The bed, pillows, and linens were top notch. The room was very quiet; it was on the sixteenth floor. Six people could have partied in the very large shower. When I heard about an included continental breakfast, I imagined styrofoam cups, Lipton tea, and stale bagels. The reality was that there were multiple choices, including better-than-average muffins, several kinds of fresh fruit, actual croissants, cereals, Stonyfield Farm organic yogurt etc. One caveat is that in our friends' room the bed was oriented so that one would have to crawl over one's bed buddy if there was a need to arise during the night. I think this hotel is a great deal for the theater district, and the price ($165 through Quickbook) was good relative to other Times Square hotels. We would definitely make a return trip to the QT!	
Nov 18 2005	Rude people at the QT	Bartender in the hotel was a jerk and used strong language towards my wife and I. After complaining to the manager, she made us feel like it was our fault for requesting a drink around midnight.Don't call the hotel for rates, shop through Hotels or something similar for best rates. Another couple traveling with us got a cheaper rate by doing so, and the manager would not match their rate.OK location, 1/2 a block from time squ.Not sure if I would ever stay there again. There are a ton of hotels and I say, look elsewhere	
Nov 14 2005	Great Place for Many Reasons	Spent the weekend there with another couple and we all were pleasantly surprised. Everything about the place is great--the comfortable bed, the surprisingly well-stocked breakfast buffet, the rate, the location. Cannot beat it, and we have stayed many places (Novotel, Sheraton, Marriott Marquis)	
Nov 11 2005	Great Great Great	Recenty spent four nights at QT with my daughter. Read all the reviews before booking but still went with heart in mouth as this was our first time in NY and booking on internet. Shouldn't have spent time worrying arrived tired from the flight to a warm friendly welcome. We stayed in room 710 and was impressed as soon as we walked through the door, clean, bright and the air conditioning was an added bonus to a travel weary 44 and 18 year old. The room size was more than adequate in actual fact I was quite impressed by the size we also had plenty of hanging space for clothes, storage for our cases and an adequate seating arrangment set up on the bed surround and talking of the bed if I could have packed it and brought it home I would have I've never slept in such a comfortable bed as this one. The only down side to the room from my point of view would be the climb up onto the platform that the bed is on. Although very modern looking it is a rather high step up to get onto the bed and although I'm not quite infirm yet after a days hard walking and weary muscles a small step up onto the platform would have been helpful so on that note only wouldn't recommend this hotel if you do have leg or back problems could prove a little uncomfortable getting on and off the platform. The walk in shower was a delight and although there was only the one sliding door which either closed in front of the shower or toilet this never posed a problem for us. The housekeeper came in every day to change the towels and bedding and breakfast was more than adequate. The added bonus of course to the hotel apart from price is that it is slap bang on top of Times Square and although near to two Irish pubs and the noise to Times Square being constant during the night it was never enough to stop a good nights sleep. If you're looking for an affordable near to everthing hotel then this will be the one for you I certainly would go back again (and take a little ladder with me).	
Nov 10 2005	One of the best deals in the City	If like me, you are used to staying in pretty exepnsive hotels in NY when work is paying (Soho Grand, 60 Thompson, Morgans, The Royalton), but have to somewhat downgrade your options for personal travel, the QT is a perfect compromise. I stayed for 6 nights recently on vacation and was very impressed by the trade off between design/quality and price. The rooms are basic, but nicely done, the beds are extremely comfortable and the pool/bar area is a nice touch (despite the smell of chlorine!). More than anything else though, I thought the staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, so much more efficient and less surly than the rude wannabe models/actors/whatevers that get recruited to work in the more premium NY boutique hotels. The staff at Schrager Hotels in particular could take some much needed customer service tips from the staff at the QT.	
Nov 9 2005	QT - NYC's hidden gem!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the QT from 1-6th November. We were allocated room 1401 which was a decent enough size, very clean with no frills. We had read previous reviews about the QT on Trip Advisor and being budget conscious, we decided this was the one for us. After almost a whole day of travelling, the huge rain-like shower and a very comfortable though unconventional bed, were just what we needed. The staff were very very friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them. We understood the pool was being renovated and due to this, the normal dining area was shut off and breakfast was served in room 604 which was quite cramped but adequate. The food was good and a there was a good variety to choose from.The very hip and trendy hotel could perhaps have changed the layout of the beds. In our room one of us had to literally climb over the other to get out to use the bathroom in the night. Not a very well thought out aspect of the room. Though the cubby holes under the bed were perfect to store our bags. The safe, though rather bizarrely located in the bathroom was very useful to store our valuables and we were very glad of the air-con system which was extremely efficient.The QT is in an excellent location, has very friendly staff and is priced well for those on a budget. I'd definitely come back to this hotel on my next trip to NYC!	
Nov 8 2005 	Great use of space	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights last week. It's a very small hotel, but they did a great job at maximizing the space throughout. The lobby, the pool, the bar and the rooms all were very small, yet sleek. The little breakfasts were good with zen-style music playing as you ate (not too great to help you wake up, but a pleasant way to start your day). The prices at the front desk are very expensive (I paid $6 for a call of Rolling Rock to bring up to my room). That seems a little much...for a can of beer! Location wise, it's perfect if you want to do the Times Square thing...it's only a 1/2 block away from all of the action! It was nice to be able to walk around at midnight and feel completely absorbed in the city. The room was great...no towel rack though. I had to hang my towel in the &quot;closet&quot; on the rod. I think the bed was the most comfortable bed that I'd ever slept in! I actually spent a lot of time there...All in all, I think it was a great little hotel and for the price (I paid $165), you can't beat it! I would definitely stay there again and suggest to others.	
Nov 8 2005	A tragically hip hotel	Being less than a block from Times Square, Hotel QT is unmatched in its location. The hip design (a swimming pool in the lobby and a check-in counter that doubled up as a grocery store of sorts) will certainly appeal to the young.The room we stayed in, 1407, was very spacious. The fixtures were really modern and hip in design, it had a rain shower, Neutrogena toiletries, see-through refrigerator, in-room safe, LCD TV, cordless phone and really luxurious sheets.The safe in our room was locked in 'close' despite the door being left opened. It was a full 45 minutes and two phone calls to the front desk before a technician came along to rectify it. The LCD TV, though beautiful to look at, had a constant reception problem on some channels and the remote control was almost totally non-responsive. Perhaps it needed a battery change, but we didn't bother.There were absolutely no hooks of any kind in the bathroom area. Nowhere whatsoever to hang your towel as you're taking a shower. Perhaps hooks didn't match their hip design concept.Despite the minor flaws, we'd still recommend Hotel QT highly, for which other hotel can afford you the chance to have your breakfast at the bar?	
Nov 3 2005	Our New Hotel In NY	We love this hotel! I can't say enough about it. We have stayed at the everywhere in NYC. We travel alot. This hotel is fantastic. #1-You can't beat the price#2-The rooms are a good size... have you ever stayed at the Paramount or the Hudson. Go there and TRY and complain#3-Fantastic Breakfast. Continental. Fresh#4- The most comfortable bed. The W Hotels guarentee your sleep.. Hotel QT could do the same.#5- Plasma TV#6-Space. There is thoughtful room planning. We stored our luggage in the cubbys underneath the bed and we had a balcony bench. There was also a table where we can put our laptop. Our window opened even! (room 1301)(try the park central- nothing fits under the bed- they block it... so our luggage is just &quot;out&quot;)#7-Great In Room Safe. I know, every hotel has one, but can it fit your laptop? Nope. This does.#8-Refrigerator. Its small but so convienient. (The Parker Meridian charges you for a fridge...$50. They have a fridge in the room you don't have to rent, but you cant move anything in it or else they charge you for the item you moved)#9-Tiffany in reception. The staff was so accomidating (except for one front desk girl who shouldnt answer the phones, let her make card keys) The Breakfast Guy, The Maintenance Guys, Tiffany... great staff.#10-Did I mention the price? It was so inexpensive, that we could have a longer trip, and enjoy ourselves without worrying about an expensive room. We already booked for another trip.	
Nov 3 2005	Great hotel	We stayed at the QT for one week. For the first two nights we had room 304 - direct above the disco which can be rent for private parties (by pop stars or whoever). They had the loudest music I have ever heard - till 3 a.m.!!! We felt the vibrations in our beds. I cannot understand, why they do the &quot;private parties&quot; in that way. Even if it is a very stylish hotel, first of all it is a hotel not a nightclub! If they want to have a party room it should be away from the hotel rooms. Then we moved to a higher floor, which was ok. The rooms are small, but very clean and the breakfast is excellent!! The location is great. The staff is very friendly. We will stay again - on a high floor!	
Nov 1 2005	Coolness Personified	On first entry to the Hotel QT I had to do a double take to work out where the check in was as it looked like a newsagency counter, festooned with funky postcards, newspapers and packets of gum set in glass on the counter. The Hilton this hotel is not.As the other reviewers have said, this hotel definitely maximises the space of the rooms. My room had 2 single beds wedged into the sleeping part of the room with the main bathroom/kitchen in the other half. The beds are comfy, however I would warn people who are looking to share a room, make sure it is someone you know intimately.Free Wifi, a small LCD tv, funky glass bar fridge, iron, all the requirements for a seasoned traveller. And for a cost of USD145 and just off Times Square, almost impossible to go wrong.The only negatives, check in was strictly after 3pm due to their being full. Probably a common problem with their prices. This is offset by the midday checkout. Then lighting in the shower (a walk in &quot;wet room style&quot;) is almost non existant and the same in the toilet. Also no door on either, so once again, only share a room if you know the person *very* well.In summary - somewhere I would definitely, definitely say again.	
Nov 1 2005	Get as high up as you can!	This is a really great hotel. It's clean, ideally located and great breakfast. We stayed on the third floor (rm 305) which is located directly above the disco. The disco operates until 2am each night at least and the noise is absolutely DEAFENING. We received a letter on our third night informing us that we were unable to use the bar and the pool facilities as a private party was being held there that night. We were assured it would finish by 1am. At a quarter to three we were begging the hotel to do something about the noise. They did nothing but apologise and claim they were powerless to stop it.! The party was being held by a popstar and they were too weak to take care of their paying guests. If you stay there, insist on a room high up away from the noise and you should have a great time, otherwise you might find yourself having to sleep through the day instead of exploring that great city. New York might not sleep, but people DO and the hotel would do well to show their guests a bit more respect. If you pay for a bed for the night, the very least you can expect is to be able to sleep in it.	
Oct 31 2005	Location Location Location	I just spent 4 nights at the QT with my 18 year-old daughter, and while there are many good things about the QT, the location is exceptional. Just a short walk down 45th Street and you are right in the middle of Times Square, a short walk the other way and you are on 5th Avenue. Getting to the subway station was a 3 minute walk where you can catch the R train to get uptown and downtown in minutes. Our room was on the third floor right on 45th Street and the street noise was a little difficult to get used to but by the second night we slept fine. The breakfast is excellent - an incredible value! The breakfast was moved to the lounge when we were there because they were doing maintenance on the regular floor, and the pool was closed the entire time we were there-also for maintenance. The beds were as comfortable as every reviewer has pointed out and we did have a towel bar next to the shower unlike others. Our room was a nice size but I missed not having at least a chair in the room or a traditional lobby with places to relax and unwind after a long day. The place isn't fancy and amenties are few but for the price I would stay there again in a minute.	
Oct 31 2005	Great place for the money	Hotel QT is a great place for the money. It is clean, situated in a great part of Manhattan, and the staff are very friendly. We especially enjoyed the little bar where we were treated very kindly and thoroughly enjoyed our bartender's suggestions. The rooms are small, but are very sleek and clean. The only complaint I have is that the bathroom tiles are showing signs of wear and could use a &quot;Bleach Pen&quot; treatment.	
Oct 27 2005	QT - good value	A friend and I flew in for just one day to go to the Cream concert. We were looking for some reasonable rooms to keep ourselves on a &quot;New York for $1,000 a day&quot; budget. This hotel was selected primarily because of positive reviews and a realistic price. No disappointments. Clean rooms, larger than expected, great beds, casual but competent service, great location. We even received a call from the hotel warning that the pool would be closed for maintenance. Nothing worse than showing up at a hotel with closed ammenities or plastic sheeting and scaffolding.Maybe not the place to impress a date, but absolutely no reservations in offering a recommendation.	
Oct 25 2005	Great!	I usually don't write reviews but after coming here, I just HAD to. It was perfect. Clean and had a cool chic feel to it. The hallways to the rooms seemed a little shady but never had a problem. Never took advantage of the pool but wish we had. Location is great. Half a block from Times Square and just a couple blocks from 5th ave and all other shopping. There's always things happening around the corner (we were there for the grand opening of the Hard Rock Cafe at Times Square and Broadway on Broadway). This was the best anniversary ever!	
Oct 25 2005 	Great hip "budget" hotel	Budget pricing in New York is different than other cities.The QT represents good value in this city - my room was spacious - the shower great - bed magnificent - and beigels at breakfast - great!Staff were very helpful.If you really want to pay $300 more per night for a few extra shelves in the room - go ahead - but the QT is fine for me.	
Oct 24 2005	Best anniversary ever!!	My 40-something husband and I spent 3 nights at the Hotel QT for our 20th anniversary on Oct. 6-9. We had the time of our lives! I could not believe that this hotel was truly as close to Times Square as it is, and yet feels &quot;tucked away&quot;. Checking in was a breeze. Our room was on the 5th floor facing 45th street. There was some street noise, but not any louder than the 11th floor of the Hilton New York ($300+/night!) The rooms are definitely different, but in such a cool way. There was no furniture, but the padded platform built around the bed was more than adequate to sit on to tie your shoes. I slept by the window, so I had to climb onto the platform then crawl across the bed to get to my side. This was not a big deal to us - but I did say more than once that my 80-something parents would have hated this room. As others have noted, there was nowhere to hang a towel. If this will bug you then go to the dollar store and buy a suction cup hook to stick in your suitcase. There is also no clock or radio. The staff was very friendly and courteous, the bed was divine, and the whole atmosphere was so pleasant and positive. Another plus is that we figured we saved at least $30 on breakfast every day we were there, as we each had 2 espressos, bagels, an egg, the most incredible granola and a huge glass of FRESH juice every morning. The pool was 93 fabulous degrees, the sauna was wonderful....I am still on a high from that trip, can you tell?? Of course, U2 at Madison Square Garden and Spamalot might have contributed to that!	
Oct 14 2005	QT... so cool!!	we recently stayed at the hotel qt in sept '05 and were delighted with the place!it's true that it's not for everyone ...but for us, a young married couple, it fit the bill. we lilked the uniqueness of it with funky decor and cool style. the bar/nightclub was a great lounging spot after a full day of sightseeing. the pool was refreshing especially after those hotter days we spent trekking around the great city. the rooms have all you need as far as we were concerned and the bed was indeed comfortable. i could see the bed being very awkward for elderly or less mobile people to get in and out of. when we arrived, the fellow at the door was very inviting and he was also doing double duty being a doorman for an exclusive party which we found out later was a party for gwen stefani! how cool! it's very close to times square and right in the heart of it all which was very convenient to see shows and search out great eats. the room was very quiet, we requested one on a higher floor in case there was street noise. from some of the other reviews we were unsure if there would be toiletries but there were plenty and refills too. the minifridge was a great plus to keep bevvies cool. i used the work out room a few days (there were tv's on the machines but you need to bring ear phones to plug in to hear), it was never busy either. the breakfast had good choice with coffee/tea/capuccino/espresso/muffins/croissants/bagels(toasted if you like)/hard boiled eggs/yogurt/cereal/granola/juice/and assorted fruits. the hotel is considered &quot;low service&quot; but all we wanted and needed was available. the boutique had lots of good stuff to buy but the items were pricey, of course. having the extras is what brings the price of the accomodation up in new york, and the qt is an affordable place especially considering the great location for tourists. all in all , a perfect choice for us!! NOTE: if you like mexican food be sure to head over to Viva Pancho on one street over!	
Oct 13 2005	Would stay again!	My husband and I are in our 50's and stayed at Hotel QT for 2 nights. It was fine for us--but if you are one to act your age, you may find this hotel a tad too hip for you.I wondered how many people were able to see me as I showered, not that it mattered to me.This hotel is not for people that plan to do much other than sleep in their room, but it is great to be within close walking distance of the theatres we went to. If you are all about a good nights sleep and good location and good value--then Hotel QT is perfect. We would stay again.	
Oct 12 2005	Fabulous	My boyfriend and I recently spent 3 nights at the QT for my birthday weekend. Having read the reviews I was expecting a very small dingy bedroom but was incredibly surprised when I opened the door to a large, bright, clean, modern room. Regarding the towels we had a rail in our room so this may be a new installment. We were on the 8th floor. There was space to hang our clothes and room under the bed to hide our suitcases. All in all extremely impressed and happy. I would recommend this to anyone. The comments about it being full of young, trendy model types should not put you off. When we went there was a range of people from late teens to early 60s. Something for everyone. One last thing - the breakfast! This was fantastic. You can eat as much or as little as you want. Fresh coffee, juice, bagels, muffins - wonderful. The hotel staff will also organise a car back to JFK at a fixed price which saves the hassle of a cab.	
Oct 8 2005	Excellent!!!!	Have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hotel QT after getting married in New York. I had read all the reviews before going out and all seemed to be quite positive, but you are always wary until you get there incase it turns out completely different. Hotel QT surpassed all my expectations and I will definitely be going back there when we go back to New York. Location wise for starters cant be beaten. 50 mtrs from the heart of Time Square, right next door to two excellent irish bars, and close by to metro stations, bus stop,etc.The Hotel itself is quite inconspicous from the outside, and probably just looks like a magazine shop to someone looking inside the front window, however you only get too appreciate how cool it is once you actually go inside. The check in desk was also where they sell magazines, drinks etc, however on arrival at about 1:30pm, we were given rooms straight away and found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful, something that we experienced all throughout our stay. From the front door staff to the porters, even the maids cleaning the rooms, everyone always took time to say hello or good morning.On arriving in our room, we were given one in the front of the hotel on the corner of the building(1210). All the rooms appear to be different sizes and ours was on the small size, however, perfectly adequate for the 6 day stay (including getting dressed on our wedding day). My parents room was (1008) and this was a lot bigger in size, however there wasnt as much natural light in their room and the toilet/shower faced right onto the room.We had a separate bathroom with a window. The only thing suggestion I would make is that they frost up the whole window as the top half isnt frosted and I had to wait til the windows steamed up before I had a shower, just incase someone had binoculars in one of the taller buildings opposite!!In addition to a smart flatscreen TV on the wall, the room also had a DVD player which we used to play CD's through the TV. All rooms have fridge, which although arent that big, they are enough to hold a couple of bottles or 6 or 7 cans of juice/lager,etc which you can buy at the front desk. There is also a cupboard with hangars, and so there was plenty of room to store clothes, despite there being no drawers. There is also a small safe in the room, which is free of charge and a phone.The beds deserve a separate mention, as they are without doubt THE most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. So much so that I even took a note of the make of mattress, as I want to buy one for myself. The pillows and quilt are a mix of down and feathers and you practically melt into the bed every night. They probably arent the easiest beds to get into if you arent too mobile, as they have a padded shelf round the side, but this isnt even a gripe, just something worth noting. I cant remember having a better nights sleep in my life.The hotel also has a steam room, sauna, small fitness room (two bikes, a rowing machine - both with TV's on the front and some free weights- barbells). The steam room was particularly good, and really helped relax you after a hard days shopping/walking. The pool is down a few steps, and on weekends a DJ plays in the pool area and there are comfy pillows on the steps looking onto the pool. The pool is very small, not for swimming, although you could get a few strokes of breast stroke in. Its also pretty cold. There is a window at one side of the pool so you can get drinks put on your tab, although as some people have commented, the prices are a bit more that the nearby irish bars, but hey, if you are only getting one or two!!The hotel also serves a continental breakfast every morning which is brilliant and you can eat as much as you like. If the breakfast rooms too crowded then you can just take it back up to your room.The staff we encountered, as mentioned before, were very helpful. On our wedding day they organised private hire limos, and couldnt have been more helpful. They do use google searches if you need to find somewhere, but they try there best to help you as much as possible.All in all we had a fantastic time and will definitely use this hotel again and again. My only concern is that it will get more popular and the prices will go up and it will be more difficult to get a room. However with this being New York, thats very unlikely. We'll definitely be back.	
Oct 3 2005	Hotel QT	First let me preface this by saying that i am extremely, extremely neat! New York hotels usually make me quite ill due to their age, cleanliness (or lack there of), but i was pleasantly surprised with hotel QT.Pros* Very reasonably priced* Beds are extremely comfortable (down pillows, comforter etc)* Nice Towels* Location - half a block from Time Square* friendly and accomodating staff* Very Clean* Nice young crowd* Nice atmosphere- pool/bar was funCons * rooms were small ( what else is new in NYC?) * Bathroom tiles could have used some attention (not gross or anything, but for such a nice looking hotel, the tiles looked old)* Pricey drinks ( if you plan on drinking in their bar, be prepared to shell out 10 dollars for a rum and coke)All in all, a great experience. I plan to stay here everytime i come to NYC	
Oct 1 2005 	Odd blend of chic and sparse	When I first entered the hotel I couldn't find the front desk, because there isn't one. The registration area doubles as a sundry store. This is an indication of the unconventional nature of this hotel. I came to NYC on business and this hotel was reasonably priced for this time of year. When I entered my room on the 11th floor, I couldn't decide whether the sparseness was chic or prison-like. Ultimately, I decided that it had all the basic comforts and then some. My room was very large and a full third of it was my bed on a platform with a flat screen television on the wall at the foot of it. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in. The in-room fridge is a plus. The towels are plush (although all the other reviews are right about the lack of hanging pegs) and the unusual bathroom set up is a bit uncomfortable at first. In the end, I had one of my best stays ever in NYC. Another oddity -- the in-room DVD player was located under a bench next to the bed. I only noticed it after my third day!	
Oct 1 2005	Beware checking in	Beware checking in! This hotel only takes credit cards checking in, cash is not good enough. I had a fraud problem with my credit card the day before I left and my bank put a block on my credit card. I took cash for the room thinking it would be good enough, after all who wouldn't rather have cash? When I checked in they informed me that they didn't accept cash checking in, however I could pay cash checking out. So what's the difference?? I probably wouldn't have had a problem if I would have been informed of this when I called for my reservation. I sat in the lobby for 2 hours, they wouldn't even let me check into my room at 3:00 in the afternoon and then work it out. It was my daughters birthday and she was suppose to be on TRL on MTV, but because of the delay, she missed it. They let me use a third party credit card after a huge hassle and faxing authorization forms back and forth, but didn't get checked in until after 5pm. They also approve the credit card for alot more than just the price of the room. They add an authorization of $50 per night for extras. So for 3 nights they had to authorize $900. I offered to give them $1000 cash checking in and they wouldn't accept it. After the hassel of getting checked in, we got up to our room. I had asked for a room with a view, but got a room with a view of a brick wall and a very small window. The window did open which I liked. I asked about moving to the type of room I requested (which they showed in their computer) but they said they were over booked and unable to accomodate me. The room itself is just as descibed in other reviews and yes, the beds are great. The staff was nice, but just not accomodating. The wireless internet access was so slow I was unable to do anything on the internet and the code changes daily so you have to keep calling every day to get the new codes.  Location is also great as described in other reviews. Starbucks across the street and an Irish Pub right next door. Times Square is a block away. Overall, wasn't bad, but won't stay there again. If I stay in Times Square again I will probably stay at the Ameritiana Hotel next to David Letterman again. They let me change rooms to meet my needs and no problems checking in or out, also staff was much more accomodating.	
Sep 30 2005	Perfect hotel for romantic break	My partner and I booked a 4 night stay for a romantic break. We had a fabulous time. The hotel was great. Amazing location, wonderful room (#411), cool bar and pool in the lobby, lesbian/gay friendly. No, the room wasn't massive but there was more than enough space and I have no complaints about that. It was clean , the bed was so comfy, the decor was contemporary and attractive,overall it was fab. Having looked at one of the floor plans I would advise that you don't get a corner room - they do look tiny compared to ours. The pool isn't the kind of place you are going to do laps in but it's great for lounging around in. The continental breakfast in the morning was great and the staff were friendly. I agree that when you asked for advice the staff had to 'google' but they were really nice. My only complaint was that they did not pass on a phone message for me from my partner to say that her plane had been delayed, fortunately this did not cause any problems. We had a wonderful time and I will return on my next trip to NYC.	
Sep 29 2005	Boutique hotel in NYC	I have just returned from staying at Hotel QT on West 45th Street. The hotel itself is small and describes itself as &quot;no frills&quot; hence if you are looking for a mini bar in your room, look elsewhere. The rooms are very stylishly decorated. Beds are on platforms and furnishings are functional and minimalist. Like most hotels in NYC, the rooms are small but the designer has made great use of the space.A continental style breakfast is free and I found it to be more than adequate. There is a really cool swimming pool that opens up onto the bar so you can have a cosmopolitan in the evenings while swimming up to the bar!The one complaint I would have is over the reservations/reception desk. Staff are not very competent in this area and you get the feeling that they need training in room categories and how to check people in!Overall, great location, nice rooms and very reasonably priced. I would stay there again....	
Sep 28 2005	Excellent location and pool bar	Hotel qt was in such a convieniant spot.It literally took 3 mins to walk to times square.The rooms were clean and well equipped (even having a mini fridge in your room)and the hotel staff were very helpful.The pool was so warm it was like a giant bath tub.You can swim and go to the bar at the same time!They do excellent manhattens!There was also a sauna and a wet room.The hotel was extremely cheap considering its facilities and location.I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 25 2005	Great for some but not for everyone	We have just spent 4 nights here and although the hotel was very funky and clean and brilliantly situated I don't think it would suit everyone. Although we had read all the reviews, I didn't fully appreciate what the rooms would be like. Our room on the 7th floor had only a very tiny window so felt quite oppressive, a bit like a box. You walked straight into the bathroom area which felt like cleaing your teeth in the kitchen! The toilet and shower are alongside each other but there is a sliding door which covers only one or the other and there is no soundproofing so if you like any kind of privacy this will not be for you. I agree that the bed is very comfy but the designer has not thought of practicalities and I think in a few years the rooms will be re-designed.The breakfast is on the second floor, again with no windows and the seating is not practical. Booth type seats are along one wall, some of which would seat 6 but there are often not enough seats for everyone so if you share with other guests and you are on the inside you would not be able to get out without disturbing everyone else. The other seating is at low coffee type tables with ridiculous swinging chairs which are fine once you realise they swing and are in them but don't try and sit down with a drink or cereals as they will end up in your lap! Having said that, the breakfast is very nice, not so sure about the Tibetan chanting music that accompanies it though.This hotel has definitely been designed for the young hip market although there were several older people there. I do think the designer was given far too much licence without any consideration for actual use.	
Sep 13 2005	great value for midtown	Just checked out of the QT and as everyone notes its a great value for midtown. I booked through the Avant Guide website and paid $135. Staff says that all the rooms are different, so its hard to tell if mine was representative - but the king bed was on a platform that seemed a little high (18 inches) with the mattress on top - so you couldn't walk around the bed... you kind of had to climb up and crawl over to the far side if you we 2 in the room... not a real problem for most... but if you have access concerns, something to consider - I tried walking on top of the 'wrap-around' platform but banged my head on a beam, so I went back to 'the crawl'... seems like a trimput of design over function... don't know if the designer has actually ever slept in one of the rooms....Other than that, its minimal but comfortable - great mattress, linens, pillows and the flat-panel TV... so if you're out enjoying NYC and just use your room to sleep - its great.... There is a 'dog bone' shaped light fixture over the bed that you have to squeeze your hand up inside to turn on or off - but the main purpose of this seems to be as a passive sound reflector which is pretty cool...No space for a computer except on the platform edge... There were several people being moved to larger rooms.... it looks like some of the rooms in the corners may be smaller.... one was a business type that needed to work, another a honeymoon couple - but the staff was very nice and accommodated them with no problems.... But plan in advance, once the hotel is finished it may be hard to upgrade if you find the room small.My room was in the center 803 and long with the entrance in the closet/bathroom area which was very well designed except for the lights which were too bright if you turned them on while someone was sleeping... Towels and 'Kiss my Face' amenities were nice - and the shower/toilet sliding door is unique. They need to add a hook by the shower to hang your towel while you're in the shower... now, you have to put it on the floor outside the shower... or walk across the bathroom to retrieve it from the shelf while you're dripping...Again - high design by a designer who ovbiously never slept/showered in their own rooms... The staff said that they were getting lots of complaint about this - so they were thinking about adding a hook somewhere...Staff is all very helpful but still learning... The breakfast in the morning is very, very nice for a NYC hotel - coffee, juice, cereal, muffins, fruit, danish, croissants at no extra charge...If you want an upscale business hotel don't stay here... but if you want upscale budget with style... give it a try...	
Sep 11 2005	Great location and bed	The QT was a wonderful location. The room was very clean. The bed was WONDERFUL. The front desk was very professional and helpful. Bellboys were well dressed and extremely friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was very nice! The only poor I would give would be for the bathroom...very small, no place to put your tolietries in the shower. It was welllll worth the money we paid (got a great rate on Hotels).	
Sep 10 2005	what a great hotel - can't wait for the next trip!	My boyfriend and I stayed for 5 nights in the qt at the end of august and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again! From the customer sevice right through the the location this hotel is perfect. If you love a contemporary feel with gadgets and technology galore you will love this hotel.Here are some of the highlights:- Large (for ny standards) open plan, room-not so good if room sharers are a little shy as there is not much privacy.- plasma tv, dvd player, fridge and safe in room.-lovely continental breakfast included FREE OF CHARGE!!!- polite and helpful staff who were willing to store luggage for us before and after checkin/out.- massive bed!!!! so comfy we could have slept all day and night!- not much outside noise and we were on the 4th floor!!!-spitting distance from times square!it was great, great, great - you must all go there now!	
Sep 9 2005 	What Happen to quality control	I arrived at the Qt on Saturday Sept 3, 2005 at about 1:00 AM notice the TV did not work, the A/C did not work. Reported to receptionist the next morning at 7:00 AM. Did not get the TV fitted until the 5th, but still no A/C. Every day at 7:00 AM I ask the receptionist about the repair but I got the answer (the engineer will fit it today). I left the hotel on Sept 7. and still the A/C was not working. As I approached the receptionist they show me a list of the time they try to contact me and was not successful. If they were really trying to get me they coud of left a note for the receptionist in the morning. I am a very calm person, I dont argue. But Ill wont come back to this hotel. I visit New York alot, but they lost a good customer. I bet if you go today the A/C is still not working. What happen to quality control? Is it the policy to hand over a defective room, and try to get away with it? My room number was 1307.	
Sep 7 2005	Perfect Small Boutique Hotel Near Times Square	Awesome location, comforatable, contemporary, simple accomodations. If you like small boutique hotels for their cleanliness and chicness, this is the place for you....also Great price! The staff was friendly...all of them and very helpful from booking to departure. We were a party of six...2 parents, 2 16 year olds and 2 10 yr. olds...they loved it, though no other kids were around (there is a nice contemporary pool/sauna/steam room area) . The included continental breakfast was all you needed as well. Only down side of the whole experience was that there is no door between the bedroom and the sink area of the bathroom. Beds are ULTRA comfy (down comforters, duvets and king size down pillows)!ZZZZZZZZZ	
Sep 7 2005 	Wanted to love it but found it lacking customer service...	I just returned from a business trip to NY, and a 3 night stay at the Hotel QT. The reviews of this hotel and the website had me intrigued and for the most part my overall impression is on the favorable side, with the exception of customer service - one place you shouldn't skimp even when offering &quot;budget&quot; accomodations. It began upon my arrival: The front desk was woefully understaffed, and my check in took 40 minutes, as reception also serves as a kind of newstand and snack shop for guests. Guests can purchase items there to fill the minibar, and with only one person there to help everybody I was in for a wait even though I was the only guest checking in at the time. The second major inconvenience came when they put a hold on my credit card for double 3 nights, plus $50 per day in incedentals. I wasn't aware of this until the next day and a phone call to the manager fixed the problem yet another day later, but the attitude I encountered when asking for $1200 to be take off my card until I checked out was frosty. I've never encountered anything like this in the past and I travel frequently. One other funky thing you may encounter is with the rooms themselves, which has been mentioned before, but you don't really believe it until you see it. I was travelling alone, so it wasn't an issue, but my room had two twin beds and an open shower which faced the rest of the room directly. If you're travelling with someone you don't know intimately, *ahem, it could be very akward. However, the hotel is decorated interestingly, in a great location, the bedding is VERY comfortable (really one of the best things about my stay was the comfy bed) and the complementary continental breakfast is quite nice. The bar was crowded and fun. I would stay there again only if budget was a real issue, because one can find much better service and a similar ambiance at the W.	
Sep 2 2005	ze perfect "nid d'amour" :)	I was planning to come to New York city,and i wanted to stay in a nice place for me and my girlfriend,for the first time i've been choosing my hotel reading many the reviews in this site,i got surprised than the QT Hotel compare to plenty others hotels on my list got so many nice reviews so i chosed this one and i don't regret it...Yeah this is not an hotel like the others, very modern,mostly young customers...the first thing i loved is the time for checking;for my job i deal with tons of hotels in Europe and it's always a nightmare,here it took 2 minutes from the time we arrived to get to our room.There is no lobby but only a &quot;place they sell drinks&quot; and a bar wich is also the breakfast place,between both the pool,the man at the vending place told me it was here to check in,what i did,the staff has been always nice and polite...Our room was located on the 13 floor,the hotel got 16 floors and it's a good thing not to stay in a huge place with thousands of rooms,like you can easily find in NY,i don't know if it was because we were located on the corner but my&quot;deluxe&quot; room seemed bigger than i was expecting,at least the bathroom looked bigger from the pictures i've seen.The bathroom got an empty fridge where you can put your own drinks,the one you can buy downstairs,a safe, shower and the toilet with the rolling door;wich means if both are used in the same time and people want privacy ;they will have to fight lol...me i didn't carei should say the towels they got are hudge,nothing like the ridiculous &quot;stamps&quot; you got in Europe.The room itself isn't big ,but it's enough for 2 (messy) people ,a kingsize bed,extremly confortable,lcd tv screen,place to put your stuff...and a great view of the 45st street.Beside the noise of the street or air conditionning,nothing to complain about the roomLater we tried the pool;if you're an olympic swimmer who need to train forget about it,it's small and only 3/4 feet deep,but good enough to relax,you can also use the sauna.Included in the price a nice breakfast served until 11am,i loved it.About the location,this hotel could have been called QT times square since you are just 30 seconds away from this incredible place with all the restaurants (i loved the &quot;freedom fries&quot; there),bars,and shopsConclusion;my girlfriend loves me more because of our great stay : ),if i come back to NY city i'll stay at the QT again...	
Sep 1 2005	Good Deal Great Location	This hotel was a great find in a city where you don't get much bang for your hotel dollar. First, the hotel is new. That means it's clean, the air conditioners are quiet, the rooms don't smell like mold, mildew, or the city, and the beds are comfy and the linens are really clean. Second, the hotel has great amenities. A free continental breakfast; a small pool with a swim up bar, a 24 hour fitness studio with great modern equiptment and steam room; and the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. Third, the location can't be beat for the price. The hotel may be too modern for some travelers. The bar itself is very stylish. The customers tend to be younger and hipper than say, the Marriott or the Hilton. I would stay here again any time.	
Aug 19 2005	Loved the Comfy Pillows and Sheets	This is a great find. Room was decorated in a chic, modern style. Large king size bed with flat screen TV on the wall at the foot of the bed. Bed was on a platform, giving it a sleek look. No floral bedspreads here - all linens are ecru and crisp. The most comfortable hotel pillows we have ever had. Huge towels to wrap yourself in after the shower (shower head was one of those large circular rainshower types)The indoor pool in the lobby got quite a bit of use. By families during the day, and young adults in the evening.Breakfast was a treat- bagels, croissants, OJ, coffee, cereal, yogurt &amp; fruit. The front desk staff could not have been nicer or more accomodating. Check-in was quick and efficient.And the location! Oh, the location! Just around the corner from Times Square. Only downsides: can't close off the bathroom area, no towel hooks in the room (my SIL's room had towel hooks, but mine didn't), dimly lit hallwaysDefinitely at the top of my list for a repeat visit.	
Aug 17 2005	QT quite the hotel	We stayed in the QT hotel for three nights this august. It was very funky, clean and understated with friendly hotel staff and good sized bedrooms. We asked for the 10th floor following previous tripadvisor reviews. Good idea as it can be quite noisy outside. What a location, right in the heart of theatreland which suited us so well. It's a very modern hotel with a 24 hour gym, steam room and pool - in the BAR!! That may be asking for trouble - lucky there were no drunken frat parties around!! The rooms, with open access bathrooms, are good for couples or very friendly friends!! Breakfast is included which is a first for american hotels, in my experience.Friends of ours visited from princeton and they we so impressed that they are going to stay next time they are in the city.. Great value, great rooms, great location - great hotel	
Aug 2 2005	Details are great could use some help on the big picture	I am a New Yorker, but stayed here with my mom during her visit. We loved the location and the staff. The breakfast room and selection made me feel like I was in a European or S. American hotel and is also a great way to break the ice with other guests (you how everyone stares up or down in an elevator). The coffee is very good and I'm a maniac about coffee. Yummy bedding. Kiss My Face toiletries.However, too many creature comforts and neccessities are overlooked. Why the hell aren't there any towel hooks? There's wall space everywhere. One has to drop those lovely bathsheets and handtowels on the floor or draped over your stuff on the one bathroom counter. Ditto to the bathroom door and toilet lack of privacy problems mentioned in other reviews here.And drawers? Again, there's plenty of space. Next to the bed is a platform table. Drawers would work perfectly beneath that. Or the round table for keys, etc, could be a small bureau. Finally, the lighting is so dim that it reminded me of Italian pensions in the 1980s when you needed to travel with lightbulbs. Fishtank pools and cute names are fine, but I wish they'd deal with the fundamentals of hotelry first.	
Jul 28 2005	A real Gem! Just loved this Trendy Boutique Hotel	Wow... After reading the other comments on TripAdvisor, I decided to book 6 nights at this hotel for our familly vacation. We were pleasently surprised with the great boutique hotel. First of all, location... it's a half a block away from Times Square... Great Irish Pub next door, and two very good Italian restaurants up the street and a Starbucks just a accross the street. The continental breakfast was fantastic... from 7am to 12noon, we started our day off with Fresh Croissants, a Bagel coffee and orange juice. This was in a great setting with relaxing Zen music playing...The Pool, wet and dry Sauna and small gym are located on the second floor just steps away from the pool... wow, this is were they spend the $$$... what a nice setting. The pool is more for adults, but my 6year daughter enjoyed it just the same! And so did I, with the swim up bar, what more can you ask for.The rooms were clean. We had a &quot;superior&quot; room with a king size bed... spacious room.... only a few drawbacks, no door to the bathroom area so if someone was in the bathroom at nite, the ligth would shine into the bedroom area... but very large shower and toillet area with modern fixtures. The room could of used a radio alarm clock and a small table... if I had been there on business, would have prefereed working on a table than sitting on the bed.Friendly staff, we had great service.... The bar, located in the lobby, is buzzing Almost every night... a real trendy spot.I will definalty stay there the next time I am in NYC...	
Jul 27 2005	Great catch!	Just came back from this hotel. We stayed from Sunday-Monday (July 24-25) I think the best deal ($150/nt) for this area. Hotel QT is one block east of Times Square without the Times Sqaure price. I had requested a room that was higher up so we stayed in room 2012 on the 12th floor. bed was super comfortable, great tv (flat screen) and most of all, clean. We had a view of a side street but that was ok since it was quieter. Only con was that we missed it the first time we drove by. The hotel sign is very small and hidden by a larger sign for O'Connelly's which is a bar/restaurant right next door. It is on the small side so if you are looking for a huge Westin type room, this is not it. It is more of a &quot;flat&quot; apartment type but not like a hostel either or a bed and breakfast of which I am not a fan.We did not use the pool and did not eat breakfast there. The pool looked awesome but we forgot our swimsuits. There are a ton of cheap 24HR breakfast places so we opted to go out.I would def recommend this hotel. If anyone has any more questions, please feel free to email me at neeke10@aol.com or leave a message on here.I would defintely recommend this	
Jul 26 2005	loved hotel QT	I stayed at the Hotel QT for 4 nights with my 15 year old daughter. Asked for a king bed and &quot;closed&quot; bathroom which we got (room 1010). The bed was very comfortable. The refrigerator in the room was great for keeping soft drinks and &quot;leftovers&quot; from meals. The breakfast was very nice. The steam room was great. Loved the bathsheets and large shower. Although our room faced 45th street it was noisey but I always travel with earplugs. We brought our own alarm clock but a wake up call arrived on time. We had a large closet with hangers and an iron, ironing board and hairdryer in it. We had a small table and chair in our room.also. Also had a towel rack in our bathroom which some reviewers mentioned they didn't have. The staff was great. The location was great and we wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Hotel QT again. It may not be a place for everyone( I am 51 and enjoyed it) as it is not your &quot;typical &quot; hotel room, platform bed, etc. but is is brand new, clean, reasonable(I paid $165 a night on Quickbook) with many amenities I have not had in any of the other places I have stayed in NYC (pool, steam, sauna, bathsheets, breakfast, etc).	
Jul 8 2005	fantastic getaway	If you like the jetset high fashion lifestyle but have an average joe income, you'll love this hotel. From the bustle of tourists in Time Square, you enter into a lobby of calm and privacy.The staff were friendly and professional. Once I saw the modern hip room, I knew I had to stay another night. The staff accomodated the rate I booked at which was less than what the current rack rate. I loved the Kiss My Face products and the mini fridge that you could stock from the pantry behind the reception area. And the reception area was a sweet tooth and magazine reader's fantasy. QT is an ideal spot if you are just out to have fun in the city!	
Jul 5 2005	Great Hotel but	For the money you can not beat this hotel right on Time Square. The bed, shower was very good. Breatfast in the morning was included with the hotel price the staff was great. I had one bad experience with the guy who said he was hotel security it seemed as if he went out of his way to ask dum questions.	
Jul 4 2005	Andre Balazs does it once again!	We are frequent guests to Mr. Balazs' west coast properties and were thrilled to learn of this new property in NYC. Although it took some searching to find info about it and even more to locate some photos (the hotel only opened in Feb and not everything was set for photos yet) we were very excited and sent a couple of emails to the hotel to gain information. They were responded to very promptly and answered all of our questions, so, without any idea of what the hotel actually looked like, we booked our stay for our June trip to the city. We constantly were looking for reviews and pictures and when we found them they were all pretty good so we were really ready for our stay. When we arrived it was still a few hours until check-in, but the bellman held our bags right away and was very helpful. After walking through what felt like all of Manhattan, we went back to check-in. The main thing that my boyfriend was concerned about (we had also mentioned it in our reservation requests) was to get a high floor to avoid the street noise. Not only was the high floor given to us, but it was already assigned and held for us! The clerk at the front desk was very nice and got us checked-in very quickly. The room was a little small, but it was very comfortable and unless you are planning on spending your entire trip in there, it really works out perfectly. There are more than 30 channels offered on the flat screen tv in each room, in addition to PPV movies. The housekeeping was done everyday and it was left immaculate. I even loaded all of my valuables in the safe and forgot to close it one morning and returned to find everything EXACTLY as I left it! The hotel staff was very willing to help, though they did not necessarily know what we were asking about all of the time. The ice machines were not working on any of the floors, which was one of the very few inconveniences, but the staff brought it up everytime it was requested. The continental breakfast was every morning, and although the options are somewhat basic, the gentleman that tends to you is very friendly and definitely ensures that your day is started off right! The bed was very comfortable and the down comforter was heavenly. The bathrooms are very unique. The toilet and the shower are the same room. I know it sounds odd, but it worked out okay. Although the space is small, the designer really used what they had very efficiently. Next time we are in New York City, the QT is definitely where we will be staying. The service and comfort, not to mention convenient locale, are worth every penny.	
Jul 3 2005	Hotel QT worked for us	My husband and I visited NYC at the end of June with our 15 year old daughter. We stayed in a unique room that had a king size bed and a twin bunk above. It was absolutely perfect for our needs! Our daughter had her own &quot;space&quot; and we had ours. Like the other reviews here, I can testify that the beds were super comfortable and ideal for crashing after a long day. We were also pleased that the air conditioner worked very well, because it was hot and humid while we were there and it was nice to come back to a room where we could cool off quickly.The other wonderful thing about the hotel was the lovely continental breakfast. Beautiful pastries, muffins and croissants, fresh squeezed orange juice, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, cereal, coffee.......it was much more than I expected and a real perk to have it included in the price of the room. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.The downside of the hotel has been mentioned here often........the functionality of the rooms. We had requested a room with a door on the bathroom, but we did not get that. The bathroom opened to the bedroom, but there was a sliding door to the shower and toilet.......but the door covered only one at a time. Because we were concerned with privacy, since we had our daughter with us, we needed our towels near the shower so we could cover up when we were finished, but there was no hook for towels. We had to lay them on the floor next to the shower door. And then we had to get dressed in the toilet area if we wanted privacy.......a bit awkward. The other function issue was that there was not a dresser in the room. We put our clothes on the ledge that ran around the bed and along the wall. It served as a seat and a place to store things. It was fine, but the room had a cluttered, messy feel, because of all our stuff. There was a shelf in the closet, but it was too high for me to reach.We did not take advantage of the indoor pool....it did not seem like an appropriate place for us.........more of a bar scene.These were minor inconveniences for us though. We got a great price on the room.........although I have noticed that prices are creeping up. And the location is ideal. The room itself was comfortable, clean, cool with a great bed. I'd stay again.	
Jun 28 2005	Great hotel!	My husband and I just recently spent two nights at the QT and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the location couldn't have been more convenient, the mattresses were perhaps the most comfortable I have ever slept on, the continental breakfast was great, and the price couldn't have been beaten. The room does lack hooks, but this was only a minor inconvenience. We ordered wake-up calls for both days we were there and not only were the calls exactly on-time, but the front desk placed follow-up calls on both days to confirm that automatic system was working properly. The QT is truly a great hotel.	
Jun 25 2005	A Really Cool Place Near Times Square	I stayed here with my best friend from June 9 through 13. We both loved it! Front desk personnel were very accomodating. Check in was very fast and efficient as was checkout. Our room was clean. The beds are a little high off the floor but once you step up and into them you want to stay there because they are so comfortable. We had breakfast each morning. Breakfast there consisted of croissants, muffins, cold cereals, fresh fruit, coffee, tea and fresh squeezed orange juice, it was great. The hotel is centrally located near Times Square. Our room faced the street. Unlike what some people have reported our room had plenty of space in it for us and our luggage. There are some minor quirky designer touches that take some getting used to like the door numbers to the rooms. They are not easily seen from the main hallway because they are at an angle down smaller hallways off the main hallway. In the evenings the bar and pool area were very busy. Music was a little loud at times when you entered the lobby. But this hotel is geared for the &quot;younger crowd&quot;. I will definitely be staying at the Hotel Qt again. With a rate of $190.00 plus tax per night for a room in NYC you cannot beat it.	
Jun 13 2005	QT was great! But...	In light of the rates, the QT is a rare find in Manhattan. For under 200 dollars a night you get a clean, cool hotel with an excellent location just seconds from Times Square. The room me and my girlfriend had was quite big - only two things though: telephone didn't work and there were no place to hang towels. The lobby pool and bar was great after a day of shopping. More of a &quot;spa feeling&quot; than an acutal pool - but who likes swimming anyway? The sauna and steam room looked beautiful, but I never tried them so who knows... During the weekend, the bar scene was really good - but a bit pricey considering you get served cocktails in plastic glasses. The front desk looked cool and was pretty well stacked - BUT, and this is my main problem with this hotel - the staff (except for one guy) knew less about New York than I do - and this was my first visit to the city! 1) The didn't know how far it was to Shea Stadium and they were not able to find out (which resulted in a 45 dollar cab ride, where a 2 dollar subway ride would have been easier and just as quick) 2) The wouldn't help me reserve a dinner table at a restaurant 3) When asked for a place to get a really good breakfast, they recommended Howard Johnson on Times Square, which is one of the most disgusting places I have ever been to. 4) When I asked for a nice sky bar, they directed me to Dream Hotel where the bar was on the 12th floor with NO &quot;sky bar&quot; feeling what so ever 5) They googled everything, since they acutally didn't know s**t about the city... So, all in all - a great place for a party/shopping vacation but be sure to get your inside information on whats going on in the city from other sources than the hotel...	
Jun 6 2005	Fun hotel with a couple of issues...	I stayed here with my wife this past weekend and we had a great time (with some issues noted below). The little pool was a fun addition to the scene of the hotel. The midtown location was perfect for our weekend (museums uptown, shops and eating downtown). The staff was very friendly and helpful when asked. We stayed in two different rooms-- a room with two beds (one as a loft) and a room with a queen sized bed. The loft bed room was cool but I couldn't imagine sharing it with friends since the shower didn't have a curtain or a door. This room was on the back on the hotel and was dark but quiet. The queen bed room did have a door that slid in front of the shower or the toilet. This room was on the front and got more light but was noisy all night with construction vehicles. As mentioned, the showers need a hook for the towels (you have to put them on the floor to get them close to the shower). Some more of the negatives… Both of our rooms had several burnt out light bulbs and the upholstery on the seating/bed frames was already looking ratty. I hope they work to keep the place up since it is pretty new. There were two tacks sticking out of the fabric next to our bed and my wife stepped on one (we told the front desk and they apologized but we didn’t even get a free vitamin water). There is no alarm clock provided in the room (and we overheard that the wake up call system didn’t work for several guests). There is no good working area if you stay there for business. Some of the positives: location, a good simple breakfast with great OJ and coffee, cool scene at night by the pool, comfy beds and pillows, HDTV/DVD in room, kiss my face products in the bathroom (although they were stingy with replacing these), good magazines in the room, “fill your own” mini-bar (an empty fridge with stuff for sale downstairs), and, as I said, a friendly staff.	
Jun 2 2005	Great place to stay for the price.	If you want to stay in Manhattan for under 200$, you can stay in a run down dive, or stay at Hotel QT. The rooms are not luxurious or spacious, but they are nice! Bed was very comfortable. I would not recommend for a family, but for singles or couples who want an up-scale but no frills room, this is it.Staff was great.	
Jun 2 2005	needs less funk 	Trendy. Great location. Great price. The beds have wonderful thick cotton sheets and blankets. Perhaps it is better now. For me -- the QT is the product of someone young, hip, imaginative with lots of money and no common sense. We stayed for three claustrophobic nights in a &quot;double&quot; room. The funky &quot;look&quot; for the room meant shower hooks but no shower curtains. Hint: a double room shared by close friends still needs a shower curtain. Workmen told me that the hotel opened early and there were a lot of things, like shower curtains, that weren't ready yet. The sauna, elevator, telephone system were all under repair. Construction was going on all the time. The hallways are too dark. Hint: guests need light to see the key. The lights inside the room are weak, bad wattage, in awkward places, and not meant for reading. The funky &quot;look&quot; meant no table nor chairs in our room. No real closet -- just hooks on the wall. Hint: hooks are not good for expensive clothes. The funky &quot;pool&quot; is clear and above the bar. However, it is about three ft deep and once again mainly for show. The concession stand check-in is cute but the area does not provide enough space for your luggage or for business transactions at the counter. Hint: move the candy; it's funky but not really a selling point.	
Jun 1 2005	Quality hotel	Just came back from a Memorial Day weekendin NYC. QT is located between 6th avenue and Broadway, very conveniet to many theatres. The closest subway is on 42nd and Broadway, but it takes time to get there because of the constant crowd on Times Square.Would agree with previous reviews about its location and comfort bed. Linens and towels are new and clean, rooms small like in any NY hotel. The only drawback was the noise from the street that the hotel is on. I was on the third floor, and late at night and very early in the morning delivery trucks would wake me up. If you are a light sleeper ask for a high floor, the hotel has 16 floors. In general, it always nicer to stay in a new establishment even if it's not too fancy. One other thing that kind of annoyed me was the personnel at the cafe on the second floor that would start cleaning your table while you are still eating and vacuum cleaning while the guests are stiil there. Made me feel like finish the breakfast ASAP and leave.	
May 31 2005	Great Value Room not for everyone	Stayed 3 nights over Memorial Day Holiday. Great location, took Airport Shuttle Bus to Port Authority Terminal (42nd/8th) short walk to the hotel, also close to most subway lines. Rooms are adequate size. Bathrooms great with large counter, shower and toilet rooms, includes refrig. Small open closet had enought room for hanging, floor space used for shoes, purchases, etc. Platform bed has walls on 3 sides, this makes it extremely difficult for climbing in and out. Bed sits approx 36&quot; from the floor, padded railing aids in access. Complimentary Cont. Breakfast was good, cold cereal, pastries, whole fruit, coffee, tea, juice, served on 2nd floor just above pool. Housekeeping did not replace glasses or toiletries each day. No accessible ice machine, had to have it delivered. Front desk staff, while very pleasant, had little knowledge. Thank goodness for &quot;google&quot; on their computer. Everything was clean and bright. Consider it a good value, but not right for everyone.	
May 26 2005	Hotel QT - be very careful	Review of the Hotel QTI recently stayed 4 nights at the Hotel QT off of Times Square in New York City. It is a newly opened hotel. The design of the rooms and common areas is non traditional but fun. The hotel staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. However…….I made my reservation through an internet site which handles only booking the reservation and suggests that you contact the hotel directly for rates etc. I did, twice, before our arrival.I contacted the Hotel QT about a month before my arrival and told them that this was a long anticipated dad/daughters trip. This would be my 17 and 19 year old daughters first trip to New York City. Obviously we would need a room with at least 2 beds. I confirmed this a second time a couple of weeks before our arrival.When we arrived we were assigned a micro sized room with one small bed. I had previously agreed to pay a premium rate for what was described as a roomy “deluxe” room. No one would consider this a deluxe room and certainly no one would consider it roomy. Apparently, this was the only room available and so one daughter slept on the floor and the other on a shelf under the TV. While the room was far from deluxe and the room rate was outrageous.The following night we moved to an entirely acceptable room, however, rather than apologizing for their obvious error the night before, we were treated to a room rate which skyrocketed. To add injury to insult, a friend of mine staying in the same hotel was given a room which was just a bit smaller than the one we had been moved to, but charged substantially less per night. He made his reservations several days after I had made mine.Perhaps most disturbing aspect is the lack of responsiveness from hotel management. I explained my situation to several hotel staff and left a written description of events for the manager. I was absolutely guaranteed that the manager would get back to me. While I left both cell phone and work numbers, to date, I have received no response.In fairness, a night manager did listen sympathetically and reduced our rate by a nominal amount; but in light of the amount we were being gouged, the reduction was, by her own admission, insignificant.Mistakes are going to happen from time to time, but the fact is, that as a result of their booking error, my daughters had to sleep on the floor and a shelf per our the first night in our “deluxe” micro room. The Hotel QT compounded its original mistake by gouging us on the room rates and then avoided and/or ignored their promise that a manager would “get back to us”.End of the world, no……. but very disappointing, yes.	
May 10 2005	Absolutely Fantastic	Stayed here for 6 nights from April 29th. Excellent is all I can say. Got to the hotel before noon and checked in straight away without any problems. Room was excellent with an extremely comfortable bed, the room also had an LCD TV &amp; DVD player neatly hidden. The Staff were friendly and bent over backwards to ensure everything was perfect. Breakfast was of a continental style and very good as it was FREE (well probably incorporated into the cheap room rate anyway). Location just off Times Square was perfect and any other hotel would struggle to better this. Did not get time to use the pool far too much to see and do but it looked very inviting.Overall a fantastic, clean, comfortable and friendly hotel and we will definitely stay here again in the very near future.	
May 6 2005	Enjoyably different	Just returned from a 4 night stay and must comment on the accuracy of most all previous reviews. Great value, wonderful beds, small rooms, friendly-helpful staff, ideal location with an avante-garde atmosphere.My main complaint, again follows along the same lines- ante-up for a simple towel hook in the bathroom, add a stool or chair to the room, and now that summer's coming, get those ice machines hooked up. If you can literaly live out of your suitcase and don't mind crawling across your bedmate to get in and out of the bed, then this is the place for you.I found that most of the complaints were in direct proportion to the age of the individual, the older, the more complaints.I enjoyed my stay and learned to live with the minor problems several of which could be easily corrected. We will be back.	
May 3 2005	Outstanding!	21st - 25th April 2005.It's not the Marriott and for that I am grateful. I stay in Marriott Hotels on a weekly basis in the UK and I found this hotel a refreshing change.It is compact and chic hotel within a stones throw of Times Square and I haven't got a very long throw. The rooms are an adequate size, but if you want bigger rooms then pay in excess of $300 per night for that luxury. NYC is not known for super size hotel rooms. The rooms have everything you need. TV, CD player, fridge, storage, telephone, Air Con and a shower/wet room. There is no kettle/coffee making facilties but you will find the same in most NY hotels, room service is an income provider afterall. If you need coffee after breakfast is served, then Starbucks is right across the road, actually wherever you are in NY, Starbucks is right across the road! At night you will get a good nights sleep on a very comfortable bed with no noise from the streets below. As a bonus, the beds have full quilts instead of tightly tucked in layer on layer of sheets. The rooms are cleaned daily.Breakfast is more than adequate with a wide selection of fruit, cereals and pastries. But if you are here as a tourist and eating breakfast in your hotel you're missing the point. Diners are everywhere, get out and enjoy a well priced breakfast at one of the many diners to be found, including the one next door.The staff are all marvellous. From the Receptionists to the maids. All have a smile and a friendly greeting at any time of day. Somebody is available 24 hours and reception can help with advice on everything.After a day visiting the sights or shopping, your feeting will be throbbing and your throat dry. So treat yourself to a dip in the heated pool whilst enjoying a drink from the poolside bar. The bar is popular at night but without becoming a mini nightclub.So you have it all. A great location, very comfy beds, lovely staff and all at bargain price. Try it, it will enhance your stay in a fantastic city.No I'm not being paid by Andree Balazs for this review. I stay in hotels every week and I know a decent hotel when I'm in one.Have a great time!	
Apr 25 2005 	Nice oriented towards the young/hip set	I booked the Hotel QT for myself and a friend (two separate rooms) for the night of April 21, because we were going to see a play at the Imperial Theater and it was one block over from the QT. While the facts in the previous reviews are objectively right, I wouldn't give it quite the subjective raves. First, the reception staff were deeply dumb (though easy on the eyes). They had no idea what theaters were right down the street from them and when I checked out, the girl checking me out completely forgot to give me a copy of my bill even though I was standing right in front of her (what she thought I was doing there since I was looking hopefully/expectantly at her the whole time, I'm not sure). The pool scene was very loud and splashy and crazy on a Thursday night; if you are coming in late and trying to get to your room, there's no avoiding it because the pool is right by the elevators. The free internet access didn't work and when I asked about it upon checkout was told, &quot;Oh, didn't the person who checked you in tell you you needed a password? Next time, check with us.&quot; Finally, the hotel isn't well-known yet, so the cabs are unwilling to stop for the poor bellhop. We had to wait more than 45 minutes for a cab (during which time the bellhop, pulled between three tasks at once, deserted us to go pull someone else's bags from storage) and even then only got one because a cabbie taking someone else from the hotel to a rental car agency a few blocks away took pity on us and intervened to have the occupants of his cab share the cab with us (they turned out to be wonderful people, so there's a good ending to that story...)We had rooms 1303 and 1305. 1305 is a bit bigger with a hallway, but I was informed that they were both the same kind of room: deluxe. The cost was $190 and $225 respectively (I was told that the $190 room was upgraded), so not the bargain it was a few months ago, perhaps.To sum up, Hotel QT is fine for a fun casual stay in NY on your own time, but if you need to get business done or require concierge-type services, skip it.	
Apr 23 2005 	mmmm. interesting!!!!	interesting place the QT. I agree with most of the previous reviews ie, friendly staff, very clean,very comfortable beds proximity to Times square etc. But, I wouldnt recommend for couples or for a shopping trip as the rooms are much too small for two or at least mine was, also couldnt find a place close by to have a real american breakfast which I like when in the u.s. If there is a place I'd love to hear about it as I would return on a business trip as the price is good. All in all a good experience.	
Apr 21 2005 	Room for improvement but brilliant overall!	Based on raves in TripAdvisor I booked here for myself and 2 colleagues. Central location very near Times Square and Rock Center, W 45th was no more noisy at 3AM than most urban streets elsewhere. Loved the movie-house concession look to the front desk and the stock-your-own-minibar concept. Check in was okay, I got one of the tiny corner rooms which was mostly bed. Room was sleekly, minimally yet funkily furnished. The bed was simply amazing---a high platform by the windows, around its periphery was a bench/banquette which served as desk chair, bedside table and step to the bed in one, and the bed itself with high thread count linens and perfect pillows was the dreamiest. WiFi worked well, glad it was free. The bath area with big vanity and wet room was really cool. Bar was busy in the early evening, pours were expensive (but in Midtown everything is). Continental brekkie in the AM was fresh pastries and fruit, yogurt, cereal, coffee and juice.But there were things that could use some attention. One nice benefit to the big fluffy bath sheets is that they cover your clothes on hooks in the wet room because the room otherwise has no closet (at least mine didn't). There is no in-room iron or board (but they are delivered to you immediately if you request them) and egads, no in-room coffee service (but there is an all-night McDonalds in Times Sq, lovely to trudge to for coffee at 5AM). No clock radio either, so bring your own if you need an alarm to wake up (calls, of course, are available).The promised lockers in the qym do not exist, so if you want to use the exercise room, pool, sauna or steamroom, change in your room first. I made a 6AM trip for an early steam, only got weak and cold humidity in the hamman. So I tried the sauna, which was cold when I entered and got hot enough in 15 minutes...just then the workmen came in to repair the floor and let all the hot air out. This is at 6:15AM! I was miffed.But these are quibbles, for the vibe is great, the staff actually pleasant and eager to please (this is NYC? wow!), the facility still very new and spotless, and the bed is absolute heaven. Even as room prices start to approach $200, you still get good value and a great experience.	
Apr 21 2005	Cheap and Chic	If, like us, you wanted a funky hotel without paying chic prices, QT Hotel is perfect. Stylish, simple rooms, with flatscreen TV and wetroom / bathroom. Note: the rooms are very *small.* But couldn't grumble, given the price. Staff very helpful and a simple breakfast is included (buffet / continetntal style).Literally a street from Times Square - where all the subways connect. So convenient for everywhere.Oh and the pool is open now :)	
Apr 20 2005	Great Stay!	Excellent location, service, amenities, pool in the lobby open 24 hrs. is very sexy cool..the rooms are spacious, with large bathrooms. There is no restaurant but they offer many menus of local restaurants that deliver to your room (after they pass hotel security, of course) I stayed here 3 nights and enjoyed EVERY MINUTE OF IT! Don't even think about it, JUST BOOK THAT ROOM..	
Apr 20 2005	Great hotel	Hotel QT was a great hotel - good location, nice staff, clean and the most comfortable bed I think I have ever slept in!The swimming pool looked great - bring your best swimwear - the pool is part of reception! But plus points were the lovely ladies sipping champagne in the pool each evening!Two negatives were there is no where to put your clothes - no drawers or shelves and in some of the rooms there are no doors for the shower so could be embarrassing if you are with someone you are less intimate with.Great hotel though, highly recommended.	
Apr 19 2005	Lovely hotel sweet staff		
Apr 13 2005	Fantastic Hotel!!!		
Apr 12 2005	Like being at a spa		
Mar 31 2005	Loved it loved it loved it!!!!!!!		
Mar 28 2005	GREAT TIME!		
Mar 20 2005	Loved the QT		
Mar 14 2005	Hotel QT not for everyone		
Mar 5 2005	loved the qt		
Feb 28 2005	Off to a good start...		
Nov 25 2009 	Buena ubicación. Habitaciones normales. Buen desayuno.		
Nov 24 2009 	Me decepcionó...		
Nov 16 2009 	Realmente increible! El hotel perfecto para visitar NY		
Nov 9 2009 	Perfetto		
Nov 7 2009 	engaño?		
Nov 6 2009 	SUPER PRATIQUE		
Nov 3 2009 	Estupenda localización		
Oct 28 2009 	genial		
Oct 27 2009 	Sehr gewöhnungsbedürftiges Konzept		
Oct 26 2009 	On se moque du touriste !		
Oct 23 2009 	Un hotelito genial y lleno de detalles		
Oct 16 2009 	Genial		
Oct 15 2009 	On n'ira plus ailleurs !		
Oct 12 2009 	Desayuno en NYC		
Oct 9 2009 	tolles hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	Sans hesitation Room Mate Grace		
Oct 5 2009 	El peor hotel relacion calidad-precio en el que he estado en mi vida		
Sep 27 2009 	Sorprendente descubrimiento en el centro de Manhattan		
