	Great Hotel and Great Locations	This hotel and location are great. I have stayed at many hotels in the City and I must say this one is one of the best. The location is great even being in the middle of Time Square which I normally do not like but views were awesome. Restaurants and bars on 8th floor were very convenient and for us to eat or just relax and enjoy the lights. Rooms were good size, clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!	
	Beautiful	The best hotel I've stayed at. Astonishing views, magnificent decor... truly amazing!	
	Wonderful hotel wondeful location	I stayed with my husband and two teenage children at this hotel for two nights. The room was clean, the service was excellent, and the location could not be better. We really enjoyed being in the heart of Time Square.	
Nov 26 2009 	marriott marquis- microcosm of new york	All-in-all, our stay at the Marriott Marquis was quite enjoyable. The location is ideal. Located right in the heart of Times Square and the theater district, the hotel is also a relatively easy walk to central park, rockefeller center, 5th ave. shopping, and Macy's. The hotel itself can be a bit overwhelming, as a previous reviewer pointed out. It is crowded and noisy. I was woken up several times during the night by such things as a blood-curdling scream, a drunken hallway reveler, and emergency equipment outside. Of course, you do sign on for a bit of this with any trip to NYC, so it is hard to fault the hotel. If you are not a Marriott rewards member, be prepared for long waits for check-in and check-out. If you are a member, be prepared for dirty looks from those who are not. Then again, it is exactly all of this that makes the hotel special. It is exciting and vibrant, immense and bold. It is full of life. It is exactly what you go to New York for. Parking and drop-off are quite convenient. Don't go by your GPS, we circled around the block for a good while. CALL for directions from the Lincoln Tunnel. Once you arrive, there is a spacious area to unload, and they take your car right from you. Parking was $65 a day with a hotel rate. The room itself was certainly nice, although not spectacular. Unfortunately, it really was not cleaned for what you would expect from a hotel of this price and caliber. There was some hair on the bathroom floor, coffee stains in the sink, and someones groceries in one of the bureau drawers. I guess this could happen anywhere. Aside from that, the room was comfortable, and provided a great sense of privacy amidst the craziness of our surroundings.We had a very good (although not great) meal at the View restaurant. I must admit that it seems to have lost a bit in quality over the years. We ate there several times in the 90s, and it was sensational. What used to be an amazing array of deserts was now a choice between ice cream and cheese cake. The price fixe menu was convenient, and the food certainly was delicious. As always, the view is amazing. It actually was particularly welcoming of my kids (5,6). The waitress, Tracy, learned their names, and was VERY attentive to them all night long. It really says something about a restaurant to balance elegance with kid-friendly. One side note- the area around this hotel is unbelievably expensive. If you want a cheap, uncrowded, kid-friendly break, hit the McDonald's across the street from the hotel. Sure it is McDonald's, but it is priced consistently with their status quo. There is plenty of seating, and clean bathrooms. We ate breakfast there for $26 for 5 people. The next morning we ate at Sarah Beth's on central park for $140. All-in-all, I certainly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	Generally great with a few odd experiences	Just spent 5 nights at this Marriott Marquis for a conference. Overall, the experience was very positive. Rooms were decent sizes, clean etc. Lobby was great. Elevators worked well even with a large crowd of people, though I wouldn't want to see what would happen if the computer system glitched. Concierge lounge was great with decent breakfast, free wifi, never ending supply of san pellegrino etc. Staff very pleasant. Good fitness center with no extra charges like Hilton often does and decent business center. Only three complaints. First, one of the bars (which was set up for a poster session) nearly turned us away at 5:50 pm saying they wouldn't open until 6pm. Second, the next day the main restaurant was closed for lunch at 11:45 am and when it was set to open was only opening for a buffet, no menu options as they had the day before. Third, the concierge lounge regularly closes on friday afternoons for the whole weekend. All of this seemed rather bizzarre for a hotel that had accepted a 4000 plus person business conference.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great hotel for first time trip to New York	We arrived at the hotel at 4:00 PM, which is normally a primetime check-in time. We were checked in immediately, with no wait. We had a delightful young woman who fell all over herself trying to introduce us to New York City, and giving us pointers. She whispered, and told us she was giving us a complimentary upgrade that would normally be $50 more per night. We had confirmed a standard King room, and were upgraded to a Corner King Room with view of Times Square. We found the elevators simple and efficient, never waiting more than 60 seconds. We were delighted with the room. Large hotel room, with a well appointed bathroom. The floor to ceiling window view of Times Square was fantastic, but the star of the room was the bed. That bed was phenomenal. We didnt use facilities like the gym or any bars, but we did do the buffet at the VIew Lounge in the rotating restaraunt. It was very pricey and only ok. It wasnt bad. It was just ok. The service was horrible. This hotel was so well located to all 4 broadway shows we saw and if you stay here, you must try Junior's across the street. Such great food!!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel	This was a awesome hotel, everything was beatiful and was in the center of Time Square. Definently worth the money!	
Nov 17 2009 	Almost overwhelming	1 night stay at Marriott Marquis - was actually trying it to decide if I wanted to bring family here next summer. I am still on the fence. I am a rewards member and find Marriotts to be consistent and one of my preferred brrands. The Marquis is just average. Frankly - for a family its got everything you need - but its just too big. The elevators have to be keyed into your floor and then they tell you which elevator to wait for - I was on the 34th floor in a large corner king suite - great view and great space - but this hotel is like a mini city itself - that dumps out into the extremely busy Times Square - I like my travel to be a little more low key and intimate. The staff were quite friendly and accomodating - but it is a little unnerving that the trunks of all cars and cabs are inspected as you pull up - of course you are reminded of the terror strikes at Marriotts at other parts of the world and are comforted knowing Marriott takes safety seriously, but it really emphasizes the size of this facility. I ate at the View restaraunt at the top, that rotates around for a full view of the city - not only was the environment lovely, the meal was better than I expected for a fixed priced 3 course menu. I liked the many amenities here, including an incredible fitness center, bars restaurants, Starbucks, you name it . . but if you are looking for more personal experience, quiet and ease of travel - look at a smaller hotel off of Times Square.	
Nov 16 2009 	Always reliable and close to everything	This was the 5th time I have stayed at this hotel and it didn't disappoint. Always clean, safe and in the middle of all the Broadway shows. Also very convenient to Newark airport. The Lincoln tunnel exit is just a few short blocks from the hotel. You can't beat the location if you're in town to see Broadway shows. Good, fast room service and very nice, clean rooms. Excellent, friendly staff. Really great fitness center, too, that is open 24 hours a day. Upper floor rooms are amazingly quiet, too. Very good insulation between rooms and floors. Only problem can be getting a cab to another part of town. Cabbies don't like to get stuck in all the Broadway traffic.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Location	We stayed on the 27th floor facing the Viacom building. The view out our window was of other buildings but was beautiful at night when all the lights were on. We booked our room on Priceline and paid $225 per night. Our king size bed was so comfortable and had lots of pillows. Our room was spacious, quiet and clean. This location is central to so many things within walking distance. I was glad to have a bath tub to soak in after long walks each day. There is a Starbucks on the 8th floor that sells great oatmeal for breakfast. &quot;The View&quot; is a rotating lounge on the 48th floor that has outstanding views of the city! They have a dinner buffet for $32 pp and a cheese/dessert buffet for $17pp. I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 8 2009 	Large rooms good service excellent location	This may be my favorite hotel in New York. If you want to be in the middle of it all, the Marriott Marquis is a great choice. The rooms are larger than the average NY hotel room. If you're lucky, you can get a Times Square view (and the heavy curtains will block out the light so you can sleep.) The front desk staff is pleasant at check-in, and they really seem to &quot;get it,&quot; that they need to treat people with respect. The same goes for the bell staff -- hard working people who seem to care. My only complaint: The View Lounge, and its cover charge. I think guests of the hotel should have the cover waived. I don't mind the one-drink minimum, but as a guest, I think I should get priority over people wandering in.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Experience	**This review first went to another Marriott hotel(marriott courtyard on time square) by mistake. Since another viewer brought the mistake to my attention, I wanted to make sure I reviewed the correct hotel since we had such a wonderful experience. Went to NYC for New Years Eve, so obviously this hotel was a great location. The staff was terriffic and always helpful, especially Steven Reyes (parking) and Jonathan ?(Asian gentleman at front desk). The hotel is beautiful inside and convenient to many places. Go up and have dinner or dessert at the rotating restaurant on the top floor. Very nice view. Great breakfast buffet in the lobby restaurant plus Starbucks is right inside hotel, too. Not too sure about normal rates, but our rate was outrageous due to it being New Years Eve on Time Square. Our room faced the ball drop! Besides price, I would definitely recommend to anyone. Also, walk over to Juniors for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Wonderful diner food and great cheesecake. I would definitely go back and recommend to anyone who is not on a tight budget!	
Nov 4 2009 	New York New York!	This hotel is in the heart of it all, Times Square. The hotel is a very large, modern hotel with all the bells and whistles of a Marriott...lounges, restaurants, shops, etc. We requested a Times Square View Room, which was great. You could watch below and see the hustle and bustle of the city, yet the room was so quiet you could here a pin drop. The beds are so comfy! The bathroom was clean, updated and adequate also. If you are a theatre person, this hotel is a must. Excellent location to walk just about anywhere. We walked to the Today Show, which is at Rockefeller Plaza. We also walked down Fifth Ave. More restaurants around you than you can eat at in one weekend. Subway station is a couple blocks away too. The lounges and bars all have great views of the city and Times Square. Relax and have a cocktail and watch the world! Loved it Loved it Loved it!	
Nov 4 2009 	If you want to be in the centre of New York........	This hotel is in Time Square. You couldn't be nearer. Just a few blocks from all the other attractions as well, so makes the ideal stay. The rooms are good, though not as modern as you would think. Great coffee making facilities and the views from windows are great. The resaurants are very expensive but you have to eat in the View as it rotates very slowly while you eat good food and the views are brilliant.Good gym that also overlooks Time Square and is freeOnly down side is the size of the hotel makes it a little inpersonal, but hey you can put up with that for the great location	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Location	I was very happy with the location of this hotel. It was like I never saw anyone who worked there though. The room was always clean when we returned and staff were doing what they needed to do without being in your face. I can't say enough about the location and the fun we had on this weekend. I do think the food at the hotel was way over the top in price. Three of us couldn't eat for less than $100. This is crazy even for New York. That's why I feel there was no value there. I paid $470 per night with tax and then got ripped off on food. JUST DON&quot;T EAT THERE!!! I guess all you can say about this place is LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location large busy hotel	The Marriott delivers in the this busy part of nyc. Centrally located with helpful staff, will return again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Why do they dislike customers so much?	Way too big and impersonal. Had a great week in NY where pretty much everybody we dealt with was friendly, EXCEPT the staff at the Marriott Marquis. Half of the people we talked to in that hotel clearly resented being there and having to deal with customers.We also felt less safe in the hotel than out on the street: multiple entries, nobody checks who gets in the door. It looks as if anybody could roam the halways and barge into your room, just like in a cheap motel. Scary.	
Oct 31 2009 	Can't beat the location but you can probably beat the service..	This stay was not the first time I've stayed at this hotel, but it's my first since joining as a reviewer of this site.The Marriott Marquis has many things going for it - some good, some bad. First of all, if you are a theater-goer, you cannot beat the location of this hotel. The Marquis is within 4 blocks of most theaters, not to mention the literal location of one (The Marquis Theater). To be so close to all the shows is incredibly handy, however even if you don't go to a performance, you are still at the doorstep of everything. TKTS, shopping and restaurants surround this property.On the inside, this hotel is immense. Right away you will encounter my biggest pet peeve with this property - the elevators. Once heralded as 'New York's Smartest Elevators!', the system to work them is not only a pain but also incredibly annoying. Operating them involves putting your desired floor on a keypad and having it tell you which elevator to go to. If you understand the system, it works ok. The problem is, many people don't so they enter your elevator, cannot find the keypad and then are stumped with what to do. Furthermore, some put their number on the pad, miss the elevator location, and then re-enter it. By doing so, their floor is called on two different elevators so there is the potential for you to be on an elevator by yourself with 6 stops. I find them incredibly unreliable and wish they would go back to regular keypads in the elevators.Aside from that, the hotel rooms are large, some of the largest I've ever stayed in in New York. The beds are incredibly comfortable and lots of rooms provide wonderful views of Times Square. Bathrooms are also quite big and the Bath &amp; Body Works products are a nice touch.One place this hotel is lacking is the service. Marriott is typically dependable for good service however this property generally lacks it. I've encountered pompous and rude front desk staff in previous stays who act like it is the best hotel in the city. Also, pressing 'At Your Service' on your phone, the only button in which to contact anybody, often results in waits of around 15 rings, and many times, no answer at all.The fitness center is large and overlooks Times Square - a huge plus. Also open 24 hours a day, at with most hotels these days. I haven't ever eaten at the restaurants in the hotel - there are far better ones outside the front door. Two Starbucks inside are convinient, though the one in the lobby has minimal hours. You are better off going to the one on the 1st floor.In terms of connectivity, you can purchase Marriott's 'Wired For Business' program for $15.95 a night, which includes high speed internet and free calls to anywhere in the US. I suppose some people may find this handy, although as someone who would just like the internet, the cost is a bit steep.I think this hotel really is an equal combination of good and bad. It has a lot of positive points - its location and rooms, and some things to be wary of - its staff and the elevators. I would stay here again, no problem - but it would probably not be my first choice.	
Oct 30 2009 	Awesome location	Attended a conference and the location is awesome. It is on Times Square, and minutes from Penn Station. The bar area is a great place to meet with people, one on one. There are many levels of meeting rooms so sharing the site with other conferences works well. The Theatre district is all around the hotel, so walking to a show is EASY. The elevators are different, as you will find that you need to go to a kiosk and type in your floor # you want to go to, and then it tells you the elevator to go to (they have over 15 to choose) and it just goes up to your floor. Most are external with glass views of the interior as you travel up or down the elevator	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Value for NYC - very spacious rooms	I have stayed at the Waldorf, the Palace and the Ritz Carlton Battery Park. For the money I do recommend the Marriott Marquis. The rooms are larger that most other hotels most with views of Times Square, and they are well appointed with very nice bedding, furnishings and large flat screen TVs. If you are looking for an elegant lobby or atrium, this is not the place, it's quite institutional in appearance and a bit of a convention hotel. However, the rooms are much better than most, in fact, far better than the rooms I stayed in at the Waldorf Astoria on the two occasions I stayed at the Waldorf at a fraction of the price. The food from both room service and some of the restaurants is however mediocre at best.	
Oct 25 2009 	Marriott Marquis Running a Check Cashing Scam	In April 2009 I stayed at the Marriott Marquis in NYC. During my stay I cashed a check for 100 USD. The hotel cashed the check in April. Then in June they cashed the check a second time. When I called to inquire I was given the run around. (I call A, A tells me to call B, B tells me to call C, C tells me to call A.) When I finally did get through to someone they told me this had happened to other guests, but that they would fix it. Two weeks later I received a threat laced demand letter from a collection agency hired by Marriott. They demanded that I PAY another 100 USD, plus penalties, plus interest. I sent proof to the credit rating agency that it was Marriott that owed me the money. They did not care. They kept coming after me and threatened to destroy me credit rating based on Marriott's lies. So I traced the trail of legal entities associated with this credit rating agency and threatened them with legal action if they did not back off. They stood down. Marriott still had not refunded my money. So I continued to pursue a refund from Marriott. They were unapologetic for stealing my money, unapologetic for refering me to the collection agents, and unwilling to refund the money dispite the undisputed fact that they had cashed my check twice. Just as I was about to file pleadings to initiate a lawsuit to recover the money Marriott came to a settlement with me. They refunded my money and payed me for SOME of the damages they had inflicted.Although Marriott did end up refunding the money, pursuing the matter entailed a great deal of personal time and risk. Im my opinion the management of the Marriott Marquis in NYC is incompetent and untrustworthy.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location extortionate prices!	Stayed here for five nights and was hit with $200 per night rate increase after second night because of UN Assembly in town. Had to pay $18US for a cup of tea delivered to room but could have had coffee for free! Had to pay for wireless internet. Had business meeting in lobby and had to collect Starbucks from foyer because coffee shop wouldn't provide coffee to table right outside their entrance! Looks polished, has all the facilities but no heart and not much service and not good value.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great location	I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel. The location was central to subway locations, Broadway Theaters and restaurants. The WiFi was ultra expensive at nearly $20 a day with multiple taxes tagged on to the price of $16.95. The rooms were decent, nothing to fancy, and there were two Starbucks on the property. The elevator system can be a little confusing. Had many people get on not knowing you have to push the floor number on one of the keypads before entering the assigned elevator. The hotel bar is a total wast of $9 to just get in. Save your money. The view isn't spectacular. The hotel was also close to Hell's Kitchen which is full of local favorite dining spots so if you want to avoid the chains, this area is a close walk to 9th Ave.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed at the Marriott Marquis on Sept. 8 and 9 and were very pleased with the location. It was within walking distance of everything we planned to see and do. When we got out of the car at the main entrance, the bell hop asked if we would like him to take our bags up to our room. He said they would be delivered to our room within 10 minutes after we checked in. It took us about 2 minutes to check in at the elite check-in desk (we are Marriott Platimum Members) and we were upgraded to a room with a view of Times Square. There were plenty of elevators, and as we walked down the hall to our room, we realized that the bell hop and our luggage was about 20 feet in back of us. Wow---what service! The room was larger than we expected and had a comfy bed with 6 pillows, desk/table, 2 chairs, ottoman, and loveseat. We ate at one of the smaller restaurants in the hotel and the food was average and a bit pricey. There are plenty of places to eat within walking distance of the hotel. We had access to the Concierge Lounge and ate breakfast there two days. The food selection was adequate and the Lounge was never crowded. Housekeeping was great---we left in the morning and the room was always cleaned by the time we came back in the afternoon. We were on the 29th floor and found it to be very quiet--- no street noises or noise from the adjacent rooms. We have no complaints about this hotel and would stay there again when we return to New York City.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Location spacious rooms!	We were very happy with our room at the Marriott Marquis. Our room was spacious, clean and very quiet. We remarked how we could not hear any noise from the hallways or the streets. The staff was very friendly and we were especially happy to have two Starbucks in the the hotel!	
Oct 19 2009 	Marriott Marquis in New York	This was our first time at the Marriott Marquis near Times Square in New York. Our room overlooked Broadway but was very quiet inside. The room was very clean with lots of room and amenities. The bed was very comfortable. We had one incident where we contacted management and this was handled very quickly and to our satisfaction. Our hotel was within easy walking distance of several Broadway plays and fairly close to the subway transit system. We will definitely stay here when we return to New York.	
Oct 19 2009 	Couldn't have asked for a better hotel 	12 of us were staying at the Marriott Marquis as part of a wedding group. The hotel staff were fantastic, really couldn't have been nicer. The rooms were superb - very clean and welcoming. The room service staff were also very friendly and more than happy to fit in cleaning the rooms around our schedule. The location was ideal - right in Times Square it was ideal. There were always plenty of taxis available within the hotel, and the porters were very helpful. The limo service also came in very useful as there were so many of us. I would definitely stay here again, without question.	
Oct 18 2009 	The Best Choice for a Times Square stay!	This Hotel has everything anyone could possibly need for a weekend or a month stay! The location is outstanding- right smack in the middle of Times Square and walking distance to most all of the theatres. Never a dull moment, there is always something to do. Hotel staff were very professional, courteous, &amp; helpful, while at the same time they knew when to keep their distance and not smother us with too much info or help. The rooms are luxurious and the beds were fabulous, a great and comfortable place to unwind after a busy day in the city. I will stay here again on my next trip and have already referred others to do the same.	
Oct 17 2009 	Bad service and no empathy	We have stayed in the MM at Times Square in the past, and it was okay. It is hard to get a cab in and out some times due to congestion. This year we had terrible service, The wrong room when we arrived late, a move to a very noisy room, and a third move to a decent room, no paper, not much empathy or assistance with these issues, then to top it off, double billing to the company and my credit card for several days of the stay. Can they fix this, not on the first call, I will have to call back to see. I will not be back. This is expensive and not worthy of the investment.	
Oct 17 2009 	Awful!!!	This by far has the worst customer service, for the price we paid... I expected a much nicer front desk. Were not accomodating at all! Willnever stay here again...I'll stay at the Hilton.	
Oct 16 2009	Great Honeymoon Memorry!	We went to NYC last summer for our honeymoon trip. We stayed at the Marriott hotel by Time Square so that we can wall around and get to the train station easily. I loved &quot;The View&quot; restaurant up above the hotel, I don't remember to floor number but that is the restaurant you have to go when you come to NYC. It spinning around starting at 7:00p.m to 10p.m. Drinks are fantastic a long with their great, special buffet bars.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great location	Great location if you want to be in Times Square and the Theater District. Rooms were roomy and comfortable. The hotel is huge, but the concierge was very helpful. There is also an onsite Starbucks and an American Express travel office which are both helpful. Price wasn't great, but what I expected.	
Oct 14 2009 	worst customer service experince ever	This hotel has a great location. But this is where it stops. We were here for five nights and were told we would recived a time square view room which was booked four months ago. At check in the desk was rude even by New York standards. It was obvious they had given our room away as we arrived late and their was a lot of discussion among the staff as to what they were to do with us. To bad you were misinformed nothing we can do about it was the reply from the shift leader. Check tomorrow was the reply we got through out our stay. A large monolith of a hotel. With a cavernous atrium which has the bed room corridors opening on to it surrounded by 45 floors of grilled corridors giving it a prison like feel. Felt more like an inmate then a guest. We were on the “concierge floor”. At check in we were rudely told if we wanted an upgrade it would cost $65 although this was not what we were told when the reservation was made. But we could not get the upgrade because &quot;we are full and you can check on line and see if you can get a room&quot;. Check back tomorrow we can move you. The following morning at the elite member desk this guy was even ruder, if that was possible, then the night before and had dismissive reaction. Well we are full tonight. Although last night they had rooms for the next night again got well check on line we don’t have anything. Check tomorrow. I mentioned I would like to unpack and not live out of my suite case the reply was &quot;so&quot;. Asked to speak to manager three times on three separate occasions no one contacted us during the entire stay. The sound proofing was terrible could here the guests next door every time they used their bathroom. Asked for newspaper delivery, it supposed to be comp never got one during the entire stay. Our room had no bathrobes for the entire stay although the other rooms did. Recived turn down service on two of the five days. We decided to take advantage of the breakfast set out for elite Marriott members. At best it was mediocre. The eggs were dry and the bananas overripe. The toaster handles were broken. A lady in front of me who was trying to toast a mini bagel could not retrieve her bagel without using a fork to fish her bagel out of the toaster. After this we gave it a miss for two days and went out. On the third day we went back only to find a huge line of guest waiting at the buffet but no food. Comments from the other guests were they had been waiting for fifteen minutes we walked out. This is their concierge floor reserved for their frequent guest and those paying full rates. Hate to see what was happening on the lower floors. At check out we were greeted by the desk staff or I should say not greeted. She asked how our stay was just as my partner said &quot;well it was&quot; this is as far as he got before she came back with your balance is.... She had no interest in knowing how are stay was. We were stunned that she just cut him off and said have a nice day. That was it. The bell desk was just as unfriendly as we went to store our bags a great push was made for a tip. In all my travels around the world and this may have been my 30+ trip to New York in ten years and having stayed at various properties such as the Plaza, Sheraton, Hilton and Novotel. This was the worst front desk experience I have ever had anywhere. The only staff that we came into contact that were pleasant was the security and information desk at the entrance to the elevators from the street. Stayed at many Marriotts over the years the sprit of Marriott is definitely missing from this hotel. Looked for a comment card could not find one anywhere. Marriott made absolutely no attempt at service recovery. For the price of $400+ go to the W hotel which is right next door	
Oct 11 2009 	It's in the details - loved the elevator system	The Marquis is in the heart of the theater district. I traveled alone so it was a perfect spot for me. I went to several Broadway shows. I could walk back with the crowds and never felt anxious because I was single woman. The room was very comfortable. The staff were always polite - especially the &quot;maid&quot; service. They greeted me with a smile and hello no matter what time of day or night I came and went from my room. The detail I loved was the elevator system. There's a panel where you select your floor and then you are assigned an elevator. Wonderful. No pushing or shoving or jockeying for position. It seems small but i loved it. I hate trying to play the &quot;which elevator is next game&quot; and having rude people cut me off.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location and comfortable beds but weak customer service and noisy neighbors	Our party included two moms and our 8 year old daughters for a girls' trip to NYC. Our room was definitely on the smaller side, but we had a great view of Times Square. As an aside, while making the reservation, I was told that I was eligible for a complimentary upgrade which was not the case when we checked in ($50 fee per night for view). We had also been told that Marriott would do something nice for our birthday girls which was not the case. Unfortunately, we ended up next to a very loud and lets say frisky party next door that woke us up several times during the night and between 5 and 6 every morning which meant that I could not fall back asleep. My daughter asked me on more then one occasion why our neighbors were &quot;screaming&quot; in the middle of the night. When I reported the issue to the front desk, the attendant had no interest in helping us resolve the problem by contacting our neighbors to request them to please be more quiet. Instead, we would have to call security on them throughout the night. We had a wonderful trip and loved the location, but I was less than enthused with the customer service aspect. The price for internet access (wired) was also exhorbitant in my opinion(nearly $20 a day after taxes). I hate feeling like I am being nickled and dimed when I am already paying a high nightly rate.	
Oct 9 2009 	FABULOUS!	A seriously lovely hotel, came here as part of our honeymoon. We were upgraded to a room on one of the top floors and given a bottle of champagne and a box of chocolates to celebrate our wedding. the room was huge, bed was the most amazing and comfortable bed that i have ever stayed in. Location - well you cant get a better location, right in the heart of time square. Even writing about this hotel excites me. The bars and restaurants were excellent. I cannot fault this hotel and would recommed anyone that anyone stay here! fabulous fabulous fabulous!	
Oct 8 2009	Manhattan NYC	We stayed at the Marriott Marquis NYC Times Square from August 5 - 12, 2009. It was a wonderful time. The hotel was wonderful, very clean &amp; comfortable. Being right in the heart of Times Square was awesome! Make time for Ground Zero &amp; a Broadway show. We saw Wicked &amp; it was so breathtaking. A trip well worth repeating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Big Apple	The Marriott was a great hotel in the greatest city. The value comes in its central location to Times Square/Midtown - theatre/restaurants/shopping. Everyone was very friendly and the hotel restaurant (The View) was amazing!Enjoyed our stay and would always recommend to other folks.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Stay	We really enjoyed our stay at the Marquis. The rooms were great and beds were very comfortable. The location right now Times Square was amazing!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect location!	I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Manhattan...it is perfectly located.I traveled with my mother (76) and my niece (21). We were there for four nights.My mother and I have stayed at the Marriott many times because we feel safe there.My niece had never been to NY, so it was a perfect location for sightseeing.It is also centrally located for shopping and evening shows / plays - we saw three. It can be pricey depending on what's going on in the city, but it's in line with the others.I always recommed this hotel when I'm asked.	
Oct 6 2009 	Girls weekend in the City	The Marriott is always a safe bet, so I booked three weeks before our trip and there were still rooms available. On our way there we had problems finding out how to get there because mapquest doesnt take into account the piece of broadway you cant drive down, so use the hotel's directions once in the city. The room we were given - she said &quot;partial view&quot; and i was nervous but we were looking right down on times square from the side of the building and thats more than i ever expected. We got a standard double double for the four of us and it was very spacious, with an area for sitting. I requested a mini fridge and it was in my room almost before we made it up there, and they didnt charge me for it. Ive heard alot of complaints about the elevators but i thought the system very fast. Got room service one night, which was a little expensive for some burgers and stale grilled cheese but after two exhausting days of shopping, it was hassle free and filling. The parking cost us $55 per night plus tip to both valets pick up and drop off, which was expensive. I considered parking somewhere and driving in but im glad i didnt because after three days of sore feet i just wanted to leave. Check out day, they'll keep your bags for free, except baggage valet tip, and you have to return by 10:45 to pick them up. We finished our sightseeing and returned at time specified, turned in car slip and baggage slip... both came out about same time, but car valet guy says i am suppose to charge you another $55 because you went over your 24 hours but i am going to let it slide. More tip. Overall great experience and I would return again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Weekend Away	Hotel was great. Service at the front deck was great. We asked to check in at 10 a.m. and were allowed to do so. We asked for a high floor and we were given a great room with a Times Square view. We went up to the view lounge for cocktails and when spinning around passed the W hotel I have to say that people should know you can see in the windows. We saw some things we would rather not have seen lol. The service and location of this hotel were fantastic!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	great location poor check-in	We booked 2 rooms at Marriott Marquis and stayed there for 2 nights. Being a Marriott associate myself, I expected the usual world famous Marriott friendly and helpful associates, however, my check-in experience was far from friendly. The front desk agent ignored me as I stood in front of her counter for several minutes while she goes about doing her business in the computer, and only after several minutes she looked up to assist me. She did not smile the whole time she was doing the check-in process, and was not the friendliest associate I've encountered during our stay.Our room was spacious with great view of Times Square (which we paid for), however the other room we booked which is located next to our room only had a tiny peek of Times Square (they shouldn't call it Times Square view and charged us more for it if we can only see a little bit of it from the farthest end of the window). Bed sheets was tattered, it's about time they replaced them. We can still hear constant noises from Times Square eventhough the hotel advertised that guests will be able to sleep soundly.Bellman who delivered our suitcase was corteous, however, the bellman who picked up our luggage for storage took his sweet time to write the storage note while waiting for us to give him tips.Concierge was very helpful throughout our stay, special thanks to all the doorman on the first floor for showing us directions, Janet who helped us with finding restaurants, and Nelson for saving us with our last minute van booking to the airport.We did have an incident at the airport. We noticed our driver (Caceres, Rodolfo) was swaying a little and he started driving really slow. When we reached JFK and after taking out our luggage, the driver dropped flat on the ground. We didnt know if he was drunk or he was having a heart attack. Then he got up to his feet and walked to the driver's side, that's when we saw him again flat on the ground. We called the airport security who immediately helped him. This is very dangerous and we want to let the hotel know of this incident and makes sure the driver is fine and find out what was wrong with him, we could've had an accident!	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location but often unfriendly service	We stayed at The Marriott Marquis for 4 nights. The best thing about this hotel is its location IF you are a tourist and in NYC to do touristy things. However do not choose this hotel if you are seeking peace and quiet as it's right by Times Square. There was a big convention ongoing while we stayed there and there were teenagers running across our hall at past midnight. Despite the 22 high-speed elevators, there was often a queue for them. The first few times you are on those high-speed elevators, you also feel like you're going to be sick, but you get used to it by the second day or so.The best things about the room are that it was spacious, and we had a great view of Times Square from the 22nd floor. There's also a nice widescreen TV and the beds and pillows were super comfortable. However, housekeeping is not attentive. They had left an old Room Service menu card that the previous guest had filled up, and on our last evening while we were packing and checking to make sure we hadn't left anything, there were 3 pieces of old chewed-up gum under my bed! This, even after we left a tip everyday for the housekeeper. The bathroom was very standard, but I liked that the shower had good water pressure and they had complimentary toiletries from Bath and Body Works that were replenished everyday.We were there on business and the meeting room was set up nicely, with complimentary glass-bottled water from Norway and mints in tins for each person. The food was pretty good but not particularly remarkable. We had breakfast at The Palace and the Ritz-Carlton on other days and those were truly spectacular, but those hotels are also three times more expensive so I suppose you get what you pay for.Some good points of the hotel are that there's two Starbucks outlets, a full cafe on the ground floor and a kiosk on the 8th floor lobby level, and there's a sizeable gym with plenty of treadmills - although since my schedule was so full and my leisure time spent shopping, I didn't actually get to use it.The worst thing about this hotel was the service. Check-in was unfriendly and without a smile. One bellhop in particular seemed angry at me when I asked him to take my luggage for storing, then I had to ask for it back because my group wasn't going out just yet. He and one more bellhop, a woman, wouldn't leave unless we started digging in our pockets for tips. We also had dinner at The View, the revolving restaurant on the 48th floor. The best thing about it was the novelty of it being a revolving restaurant in NYC. Otherwise, there were rips in some of the seats, the food was good but not great, and we once again got haughty service from their male receptionist.Still, it is overall not a bad hotel and I would recommend it, but try going there when there are fewer people - maybe then their staff wouldn't seem so overworked from handling hundreds of guests the whole day.	
Oct 1 2009 	Awesome location - great hotel	I've been to NYC so many times and stayed at The Marquis recently when I took my brother on his first trip to the US. Normally I'd stay downtown in SoHo or TriBeCa or LES.However, this hotel is great if you're visiting NYC for the first time and need a base in which to visit all the sights. Right in the heart of Times Square, you really know and feel you're in New York what with all the neon lights, cabs and masses of people. (Being a city person the amount of people didn't phase me - but it may not be to everyone's taste esp if you have kids and/or pushchairs.) It's just 3 blocks from a subway station which takes you uptown or downtown so easy to get to all the major landmarks and museums and also walking distance to 5th Avenue for the shopping (it's just a healthy walk to Macys too).The hotel itself is massive - they host conferences there too so expect to see suits as well as tourists.You can't go wrong with a Marriott and the the elevators alone are worth staying at this place for. The staff and the standard of service were great especially considering just how many people stay there. We had a double and it was a great size (make sure you ask for Times Square view - the Hudson side is OK but the T Sq one is &quot;wow&quot;).It also has a funky and modern 24 hour gym with enough equipment to suit even the hardest gym bunny. No waiting for that running machine.Room service charges are in line with anywhere else - ie Don't do it . Get out and hit the numerous eateries in Manhatten (and the bars)I'll definitely stay here again when I take someone on their first trip to NYC.	
Sep 25 2009 	Right in the heart of the action	The hotel is brilliantly situated right on Times Square, and is within easy walking distance of Empire State Building, Rockefella Center, Central Park, Macys and the subway to the whole of New York! The room we had was huge and the staff were helpful and friendly. The glass lifts are amazing! Breakfast in the hotel is EXPENSIVE as is room service but there are loads of places to eat round about. My husband is in a wheelchair and the hotel had easy access.	
Sep 24 2009 	No apologies - it's the best!!	I've read the reviews - most are favourable; some not so, For us, our second time in two years, it's the best. We love the Marriott Marquis, mainly because its feeling of sheer space. What other hotel can boast an area like the eighth floor - reception, restaurants, bars, shops, concierge, theatre booking desk, American Express, desk Starbucks and stil have plenty of space to walk round. The rooms are spacious and the staff helpful and friendly. Its situation could not be better - right in the midst of Times Square. We have travelled all over the world, stayed in hostels and five star hotels but the Marriott Marquis remains our favourite.	
Sep 23 2009 	Times Square Location	Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights in September. The location of the hotel is the best feature, Times Square is on your doorstep and the subway system to most other parts of NYC is about 5 mins walk. The hotel is ideal for leisure visitors to New York and if you have not visited NYC before this is a perfect hotel to explore the city from.The Hotel elevators are cool and we did not have to wait more than a couple of minutes at busy times. The Hotel also has a Starbucks, gift shop and Theatre ticket office (Theatre ticket discount booth is across the road from hotel in Times Square) .I would recommend spending a bit more money on this hotel due to the great location - especially for 1st visitors or leisure visitors with limited time in NYC.Hotel rooms were spacious and clean and large enough for 2/3 adults - I was staying in one room with 3 other adults and this was fine but space would have been an issue for longer than 2 nights.	
Sep 22 2009 	Marvellous Marriott Marquis	Excellent hotel situated on Times Square. WE had an amazing view overlooking the Square and Broadway. The room was spacious, significantly larger than other NY hotels I've stayed in such as Thirty Thirty or the Hudson. Experienced no problems whatsoever with elevators unlike some other reviewers. Everything you would want is in walking distance or just hail a cab.Would definately stay here again and currently first choice compared to other NY hotels	
Sep 22 2009 	Best New Year Ever...!!!	I went to New York for NYE 2008/2009 I was also celebrating my 21st Birthday and had always wanted to spend it in the big apple.. After months and years of planning we booked to go here and the on the day it started brilliant as it was my Birthday we got a free upgrade on the plane.. and after hitting some traffic on the way to the hotel from the airport we hit some traffic due to roads being shut off for new year celebrations. We was there for 5 nights 6 days and it was the best trip EVER on arrival at the hotel we were greated and served straight away we got a room and had our bags taken up to our rooms... WOW the interior is amazing and it so HUGE!!! Rooms were spacious and had huge windows to look out of although our view was not as good. We never had any problems what so ever with any of the staff our noise and it was in the perfect location right ontop of times square... I would recommend this hotel highley and will be coming back again but saving it for a special occasion as its expensive and very specail treat.. !!!	
Sep 19 2009 	Go With a High Floor	I've stayed here before and will likely stay here again on business. Nice central location right in the middle of Times Square. The Marriott Marquis seems like a huge hotel, but the staff is accommodating, pleasant, and competent. When I first arrived, the desk clerk upgraded me to a very large corner room on the 39th floor with an excellent view of the Hudson River and the Intrepid. Unfortunately, there was a fair amount of traffic next door (no fault of the hotel's) and I wanted a good night's sleep, so I asked to be switched to a different room. The hotel was very accommodating... they didn't have anything comparable on a high floor, but moved me to a much quieter room on the 34th floor - much quieter even though it looked directly out onto Times Square. Probably best to stick with high floors in this central city location if you are a light sleeper. Nice big flat screen TVs in both rooms, as well as sofas and armchairs.I didn't care for the room service dinner (nachos and a Cuban sandwich). The food was hot enough and the service was fine; I just didn't like the food much. Will go out next time and save some money.	
Sep 17 2009	Right in the middle of everything	My daughter and I travelled to New York from London for the first time two weeks ago. We chose a Marriott as we had stayed in them in the UK and knew they were of a good standard..We were not disappointed. We had a room on the 19th floor which was clean and spacious, two double beds, an excellent shower in the bathroom, and a wide screen. TV. The only thing I would say is that the room and the bathroom could have done with a new coat of paint in places. And being a tea drinker, it would have been nice to have had a kettle in the room, not just a coffee maker.( Perhaps i could have got one if I had asked though.) A fridge would also have been nice. But these are very minor issues.We were offered an upgrade at $50 a night for a Times Square view, but declined.We ate breakfast twice in the Atrium restaurant in the hotel but this was pretty expensive, although the food was very good. Most other days we ate across the road at Juniors which was also good and much cheaper.On our last night we ate in the revolving restaurant on the 47th floor, what a great experience.!There are two Starbucks in the hotel which we made use of, also a ticket agency andanother office which booked trips for you. The business centre was open 24hours and we could use the internet in there.I have to say, coming from the UK, that the level of customer service we recieved in the USA was exemplary. People serving you in shops. restaurants and in the hotel were always friendly, polite, helpful, and made you feel you were important , this is something that many customer service operatives in England could learn from, so well done America!!I thought NY was wonderful and we hope to go back next year for Xmas shopping. I will definitely consider returning to the Marriott and would thoroughly recommend it.	
Sep 15 2009 	Marriott Marquis is a fantabulous hotel!!!	This is our 3rd time staying at the Marquis!!! This hotel is nice, centrally located in the heart of Times Square and my 2 kids ages 10 &amp; 13 really enjoy it especially the elevators. We checked in 4 hours early and were able to check in early w/ upgrade to a 39th floor Times Square view for free. The room is average size and works for a family of four. Big windows w/ our view of Times Square, the ball and partial view of the Hudson River. Slept well and rarely if ever heard our neighbors or the craziness in Times Square!! We stayed 3 nights and find that the hotel is convenient to everything by subway, taxi or walking distance. We drove there but parked our car acrossed the street for $35/day at Icon rather than a $65/day at the Marriott!! Also used the fitness center and it is very nice w/ a great view on the 22nd floor!! The hotel staff was friendly enough. We went to Starbucks in the hotel and to The View Restaurants for drinks one night before sunset &amp; another night we had the dessert buffet for $17.95. I recommend staying here if you have never before or if you are w/ a family who has children. Times Square is fabulous but soooo busy &amp; touristy would love to stay on the Upper Eastside or in Soho/Greenwich Village next time!!! Overall I give Marriott Marquis 2 thumbs up!!	
Sep 13 2009 	Excellent location; beutiful NYC hotel	The hotel is right on Times Square. Everything you need is just minutes away (walking) Rooms are spacious, clean and well equiped. The room is large enough for families (2 adults 2 children) As it is a business hotel the rooms are well equiped including a free safe. The view from the room is stunning as we were on 42nd floor and had a view on Times Square. Most important: rooms are quiet. The only thing you sometimes coukd here was the vacuum toilet from the guestroom above. All other sounds couldn't be heared.You can skip the breakfast buffet. It's quiet expensive and nothing special. It's not bad though but I would advise toe go to a restaurant nearby. There are plenty. This hotel is also excellent for thatre visits as it is in the heart of the theatre district and has one theatre of itself.Enjoy your stay here!	
Sep 8 2009 	What a view	We were here for the Labor Day weekend and to celebrate our 20th anniversary. I told the employee that checked us in this, and we were upgraded to a Times Square view (we were using reward points for the stay, and there was no additional charge - normally it would be an extra $50 per night). Our room was very nice, large, with a sitting area with a couch, chair, and ottoman. The flat screen tv is visible from the sitting area and the bed (but not the bathroom). The bathroom is a little crowded for two people. The bed was also very comfortable. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants there on the property, but ate a Junior's (across the street) twice. I take that back, we did have Starbucks one morning, but I'm not sure that would count as a hotel restaurant. The elevators are unique in that you punch into a keypad the floor number of your room, and an elevator is assigned to you. When you get inside the elevator, there are no buttons to push, it just stops on your floor. The hotel is very convenient to everything, and there are subway stops nearby for sights outside of walking distance.	
Sep 1 2009 	A top-level Marriott ONLY because of location	The Marriott Marquis is considered (by Marriott) to be a top-level hotel. It is not. It is large, it is located right on Times Square, it is crowded, it is filled with conventioneers, and it is very ordinary and forgettable. Nothing horrible happened, it's just that Marriott should knock this property down a couple of levels. It definitely does NOT compete with their luxurious ocean resorts. I guess, as they say about real estate, this hotel is about location, location, location.	
Aug 31 2009 	I like this hotel	What can I say? This is an excellent hotel right in the centre of all the New York action. We had just arrived from a transatlantic cruise and checked into the 42nd floor directly eye-level with the New Years Ball on Times Square. We stayed 2 nights and used the HoHo bus to see all of Manhattan. I can't believe that anyone would have complained about the elevator system in this hotel. I believe that it is a phenomenal piece of engineering and is ideal for a building of this size. I would definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I am in New York City.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent Hotel with location location location. (Time square)	First trip to New York City with my spouse and 19 year old daughter. Hotel is right in Times Square and close to ALL attractions of the City. Upon check in WE were treated like royalty and very professional. Our room was up very high (43rd floor) over looking Time Square and Broadway. Awesome view. Room was comfortable and very clean. Refrigerator was delievered upon request. We found the STAFF very professional and attentive to our needs and requests. Only downfall is that this is a business and convention type hotel and when hosting events the atrium seating area and interior resturants are busy with conventioneers and business people.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Spot in Manhatten	Loved the location of this hotel - stayed in 1 room with 2 queens with a 2yo and 4yo. the Biggest toys r us ever seen across the road. Great access to broadway musicals.. I love NYC... and cant wait to get back..	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Location! Great Hotel!	My teenage daughter and I spent a night at the Marriott Marquis for a mother/daughter weekend. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and the wonderful, helpful and cordial staff. The room was very clean and large. We had a partial view of Time Square. We were amazed that with so much happening outside, the room was relatively quiet. We saw West Side story which was conveniently located across the street. The location of this hotel is incredible. The only downside is that the restaurant closes at 9:00 PM, which was early for a Friday night. However, there is always Juniors right across the street with great burgers and desserts! We will definetely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Location	The only thing this hotel has going for it is a great location - just a 1/2 block from Times Square and with a theatre in the building. ( 9 to 5 was playing. Got a tix at the TKTS booth and enjoyed a great show.) The staff was OK, rooms were small and grossly overpriced, but hey, it's Manhattan, so stay some place cheaper and use the cash you save to see a couple of Broadway shows.	
Aug 23 2009 	Perfect Location	My daughter treated me and my 9 yr old grandchild to our first trip to NYC.We arrived 2 hrs before check in and was unpacking in less than 20 minutes. We had a very nice room on the 41st floor with a wonderful view of Times Square, It was amazing with all the brightness but the curtains blocked it all out when it was time to sleep. Beds were comfortable and room was clean. Rooms were quiet except I did hear &quot;muffled&quot; voices when in the bathroom in the AM from the room next door. Nothing big enought to complain about , tho. Did not have the problems with elevators listed in some reviews. Another patron there said she stayed there a few yrs back and they have been fixed. Longest wait time maybe 10 minutes one time when extremely busy. We tried the dessert bar in the revolving restaurant which was yummy and fun!Again I cannot say enough about the location. We only had to take a cab to and from the airport. The rest of the time we were able to walk to out planned activiites including broadway shows. ( all were only a few blocks away.) The street in front of the hotel is blocked off and there is tables and chairs and also a lit staduim type seating area to soak in the views. The hotel is located a block away from where the ball drops on New Years Eve. We stayed 5 days and here are a few family friendly suggestions from our itinerary :http://www.onboardnewyorktours.com/ny-see-it-all/ ( well worth the $ - buy the kids their own disposable cameras- good for older kids.- Plan all day for this - it was only a block and 1/2 to meet the van . We did the 10:00AM- Returned close to 5 :00PM went straight to Planet Hollywood was seated immediately- , went back to hotel and freshened up and walked across the street to stt The Little Mermaid ( ordered tix will call before trip) Whew! See what I mean about LOCATION!http://www.madametussauds.com/newyork/ ( very cool- had fun posing with all the stars- next door to Riplys )http://www.marvelouswonderettes.com/ ( Hells Kitchen area- got discount tix from someone handing out flyers and it was a great show.) We were able to walk to the wax Museum, Joes Pizza , and to this show the same day. Checked out the MTV store, M&amp;M, Hereshey Stores that evening which are all right by the hotel. NOTE: Crowds definately get verrrry thick when walking Times Square at night. http://www.johnspizzerianyc.com/index2.htm - (cheap and yummy brick oven pizza- quick service- no soda refills) http://restaurantrow.name/media/restaurantrow.html ( close by hotel lots to choose from) http://www.nytheatre.com/nytheatre/kids.phphttp://www1.toysrus.com/TimesSquare/dsp_home.cfmhttp://www1.toysrus.com/TimesSquare/popups/dsp_marquee_moment.cfm ( grandchild did this and loved it) http://www.planethollywood.com/restaurants_newYork.htm ( good food - loud music- fun for kids- across from hotel)I would definately stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a room on the recommendation of a friend, and were not disappointed. The rooms were clean and up-to-date, the exercise facility was top-notch, and the hotel is right in the middle of all the action in Times Square. Our interactions with the front-desk staff and concierge were all positive. This is the only hotel we'll consider staying at when we return to NYC.	
Aug 19 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Stayed at this hotel on a girls trip to the city for Mother's Day Weekend. We had a Times Square View room with an excellent view from the 17th floor. The room was a little small for 4 adults with only 1 bathroom, but was only in room for shower and sleeping. Loved the location, walk out of the hotel to food and best of all the energy of Times Square. Easy to get a taxi from hotel or private car service, there was a hop on hop off bus stop close by and subway station. The View (hotel restaurant's) Sunday Brunch on Mother's Day had excellent food and an amazing selection for all tastes. The staff was friendly and polite. We called for extra towels early on the first evening and did not receive them until after 1AM, but no big deal, we got the towels. We had a wonderful trip and would stay here again!	
Aug 19 2009 	Mega Marriott	Huge, but that's to be expected. It's at the hub of all things tourist...Times Square. No complaints about that! We pre booked and specified &quot;upper floor/no feathers/quiet room&quot;. Arrived and disinterested hotel staff person &quot;Stephanie&quot; told us that we were on FLoor 45. Cool. I asked for quiet room, i reminded her, so no adjoining doors. She cooly informed me that there was an adjoining door (there were in fact two, one on each side of the room, but I'm getting ahead of myself...) but that it lead to the PResidential Suite and that meant quiet patrons. I had misgivings but she was getting snarky, told me the hotel, all 45 floors was totally sold out, so we went upstairs. Got into the room and realized that it was actually a bedroom for the PResidential Suite and that the Suite was the hospitality suite for a huge conference I was attending. I wondered if that would mean non stop noise but thought I'd wait and see. Around 7:30 the party got underway and got louder and louder. Because of the &quot;adjoining door&quot; it was like they party was in my room. I called downstairs. SUddenly...they had another room on the 31st floor. We were told to wait for a key. After about 20 minutes, someone used a key and entered the room without knocking. Turns out it was HEad of Housekeeping, Ditha, who was as shocked as we were. She apologized profusely, explaining she'd been told by Front Desk to check the room for guests. When we explained the problem, she called someone, told them she was taking us to the new room on FLoor 31 and insisted on helping with our bags. We got to the new room which of course had feather bedding (I'm terribly allergic) and she insisted on heading down to supplies and personally bringing non feather bedding back up. A bell man delivered a key to us and Ditha returned. I helped her make the bed and when I tried to tip her...she refused the money. So what can I say...some of the staff are lovely and some are useless and snippy. Welcome to NEw York. The hotel was exactly as you'd expect otherwise. Room on 31st floor had king bed, couch and armchair, desk, flat screen TV...larger than I expected and we were just so pleased to have WALLS. Avoid Room 4537, it's got those two adjoining doors on opposite sides. OH...and don't be shocked...but they actually CHARGE for internet. I expect more amenities from a mega hotel like this one.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful hotel in a great location	Brief summary: I've stayed here before and was pleasantly surprised with the renovations and some changes. The location is always very good if you are interested in the theater, subway a short walk away, right in Times Square. I'd stay here again.Our room was on the top floor, 4501 (or 03?) had a view of the Hudson and was billed as a &quot;quiet room.&quot; Yes, it was quiet in general, but if you listened hard, you could hear some soft sqeeks of the service (not public) elevator that cut into some of the room space. I think that rooms with the number 53 (or 63?) might have a similar location on the other side of the elevator shafts. Still, this was a pretty quiet room and spacious enough, and probably the default location for people booking with award points.The housekeeping was excellent and staff throughout the hotel was very friendly and professional. The concierges may be a little overworked, but they are helpful and can supply more tourist information, subway maps, etc.The room has all of the amenities that one expects of a recently renovated business class hotel, i.e. ironing board, toiletries, duvet-style bedding (with a top sheet, thank goodness, so we didn't have to crank up the AC ro be comfortable,) etc. Good closet and drawer space. I really appreciated the oversize in-room safe that can accomodate a laptop as well as other valuables. The tub/shower is a traditional standard size, which was fine by me since I have tired of the jacuzzi-size tubs at inns where I;ve recently stayed, and that seem to take forever to fill. Lots of counterspace in the bathroom.Check-in was fast, but it was not very busy. Similarly, the hotel was not empty, but I've seen it busier. The elevators handled any crowd very well with a new gizmo where you keyin the floor you want, and a code appears that shows where the next elevator to that destination will arrive. Unless you really don't like heights, everyone seems to enjoy the glass elevators that are their own entertainment.I've been in the hotel's lobby many times, often before the theater for cocktails and a clean place to go to the bathroom before the show. It was nice to see the addition of a Starbuck's on the 8th floor lobby for a relatively inexpensive breakfast close by, as well as one at ground floor level. It seems that they don't mind your taking breakfast to the cocktail lounge area in the morning, but that area turns into a cocktail lounge later in the day.We didn't use the gym facilities, but it looks pretty nice with a great view of the city.Again, the irritation: in-room internet access requires a fee. It feels like nickle-and-diming.So: this may not be one of those unique charming boutique hotels, but it has not failed to deliver a very good night's rest right in the center of things.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location!	Wonderful hotel in center of everything. Although it was expensive, we all know it's all about location, location, location! The Concierge gave us a recommendation and reservation for an affordable italian restaurant for our family. It was delicious! The fitness center was more than adequate.The breakfast buffet was included in the price of the room.	
Aug 16 2009 	right in the heart of things	stayed here with my family for four nights. funny but very nice hotel. when trying to find the hotel it appeared through a sort of tunnel which lead to the ground foyer where there was a cold feel to it we were told to go to the 8th floor to check in . check in staff we sort of helpful and directed us to our room on the 34th floor . our ears popped when travelling up in the lift. we got out and it was so clean and quiet, very relaxing after coming through the foyer with people darting around . our room was comfortable with lovely views over times square. we ate in the view which was slightly dissappointing the food was nice but not worth the price. dishes were very small as they didnt want us to take too much and they put us on the smallest table they could find. the bill came to 155 dollars and that was just for 2 adults and 2 children with no tip!! would not recommend.nice hotel lifts get busy and have to hang around at busy times, hotel priced like any 4 star hotel in new york very clean, large,quiet rooms and very central to most tourist landmarks. would i stay there again yes.	
Aug 13 2009 	Another Great Stay	When we visit NYC we almost always choose Marriott marquis! Marriott usually offers some great deals and their cancellation policy is the same day as arrival. The hotel is very upscale and clean. The rooms are a fair size for NYC and the lounge area is a great place to meet friends and hang out. The location is great for all of your travel needs in NYC. The elevators are an adventure and the ride up and down is very entertaining. I would choose the Marriott Marquis, if available, again and again!	
Aug 9 2009 	Terrific times at the Marriott in the square	Picked this hotel from reading other reviews on trip advisor and wasn't dissapointed. The hotel is beautiful and very nice - great location next to the theatres. The service was fine - nothing special but that's fine by me. The room was large for NYC and even had a little sitting area with chair/automan, love seat etc. I expected the room to be much smaller for the big apple so I was pleasently suprised. The room was clean and things were in order - no obvious chips,stains or scratches on anything - a little pealing wall paper but still nice. I enjoyed the comfortable bed, nice linens and big LCD TV. I felt very safe in this hotel as we are talking NYC and that was a huge plus.Yes, Times Square is VERY crowded but if you want to get out of that area the subway is just a block or so down the way. I enjoyed being able to hang out in times square and Rockefeller Center late in the evenings without dreding a long ride back to the hotel. This is an expensive hotel but we used Marriott points combined with the AAA discounts and it was cheaper. A little warning though - you should probably add $40 to the rate you get as this is how much hotel, city ,etc taxes are a night.People have complained in some of the reviews about the elevators but we had no trouble with them. That might be because we were on the 10th floor and maybe didn't have to wait as long as someone on a higher floor but I didn't hear any complaints.Didn't like that wi-fi was so expensive but that's typical for an upscale hotel. I thought wi-fi was free in common areas but when I asked they said it was not.All in all - I'd stay here again in a heart beat.	
Aug 8 2009 	perfect location	We just got back from a great stay at the Marriot Marquis, The location is perfect. They upgraded us to time square veiw for 50.00 a night and gave me a free night for my birthday. Room was large and very clean. Did have a issue with sqeeky pipes when next room took a shower they took 100.00 of our upgraded bill, so what to complain about.... The staff is wonderfull and always helped with any thing we needed, directions, comedy tickets. The place is fabulous........nice large bathroom also. Ate at the the veiw had the buffet it wasnt very good for the price.... Lobby is so fun and the elevators we never waited or had any trouble with them...	
Aug 8 2009 	Had an outstanding stay here!	I spent four nights at the Marriott Marquis NYC at the beginning of June 2009 and was absolutely impressed. I had booked a Times Square view room via a AAA special, and when I got to the room and found a mediocre south-facing view I was able to talk to the manager on duty and promptly and politely changed to a jetliner view room on a high floor facing directly north into Times Square. One of those views to die for. The room itself was large, clean and had all the expected amenities and the staff I met, no matter the department, was polite and friendly. The location is as perfect as it gets. The elevator situation was not a problem at all during my stay as I rarely waited more than a few minutes for one, and the hotel seemed fairly crowded. Overall I found the Marriott to be outstanding in every respect and would not hesitate to stay here again (and will probably do so on all my future visits to NYC).Ken Ackerman	
Aug 7 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	We stayed in this hotel for our daughter 13-th Birthday.Location is absolutly GREAT.All staff was friendly and helpfull,check in and out was very easy.Loved the lifts and room with a Times Square view.Everything in a walking distance from this hotel and you can feel high energy from Times Square.Thank you Marriott Marquis for GREAT time.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location!!	If you can afford it, stay here!! The rooms are pretty expensive ($270+ a night) but it's worth it to able to walk out of your hotel right into Times Square!! This hotel is near top notch restaurants, the theatre district, and the subway is not a far walk at all. The rooms are of average size. It's a huge place and pretty busy. The staff was always very helpful. The restaurant in the hotel is pretty expensive so I would try some of the local cuisine if you are up for walking before I spend my money here. I hope to go back soon!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Very Nice Hotel... Very Crowded	This hotel has everything you would expect from a Marriott... beautiful interior, clean, well appointed rooms, good service. As mentioned in the other reviews, the elevators are interesting and unique. At the bank of elevators, you press the floor you want and it tells you the letter of the elevator to wait for. This is lovely, except during busy periods where you find more people waiting in front of elevator &quot;N&quot; than can actually fit in elevator &quot;N&quot;. We chose this particular hotel, not only for the location, but because it was one of the few Marriotts in the area that has an executive lounge. As Platinum members, my partner and I look forward to having a relatively quiet breakfast each morning in the lounge. If this would be one of your reasons for choosing this hotel... don't bother. The lounge was a zoo every morning! There was always a line for the hot food and the lounge (three times the size of a &quot;normal&quot; Mariott Executive Lounge) was filled with loud children running all over the place. One morning, there was literally no place to sit and we had to wander around with our food, stalking those who looked like they might be almost finished. As Marriott members who have been turned away from lounges in the past because they &quot;were at capacity&quot;, that definitely didn't seem to be a concern for the management at this hotel. There seemed to be no limit to the amount of people they were letting in the lounge. If you don't care about the lounge and like the excitement and crowds of people near Times Square... then this is a fun hotel to stay at for a trip to NYC.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Location	Went to NYC for a family get together with relatives from outside the tristate area. Although we live in CT, we prefer not to have to drive home late at night. One room we had overlooks Time Square and the other the pier where the cruise ships depart from. This hotel is a fabulous, safe location in Time Square. Although it is not cheap, it has just about everything you could want for. Valet parking is offered so from the very start of the trip, we relaxed. The hotel has shopping, Starbucks, beautiful lounges which look out to Time Square, restaurants, etc. We were able to walk to Rockefeller Center &amp; st. Patrick's Cathedral, Carmine's Restaurant, and a comedy show. We have stayed here in the past and enjoyed our visit as much this time.	
Aug 3 2009 	Awesome hotel	Stayed here for 1 week for sons wedding in Central Park.Fantastic location,with a Times Square view room.Cannott fault this hotel,everything was A1.Loved the lifts,which were easy to use,and never had to wait.Check in/check out ...fast and efficient, Rooms spacious and very clean,Staff lovely and friendly.Had a full buffet in the Revolving restaurant...a bargain at $35 and what a view,highly recommend to everybody.We always had breakfast at Juniors across the road,which was always busy but great service and food.I would stay at this hotel everytime in New York,the beds are awesome and super comfortable,just what you need after a busy day.I absolutely loved my stay at the Marriott Marquis,and look forward to returning in the future	
Aug 3 2009 	Huge Impersonal Hotel	I would not stay at this hotel again. The ONLY thing going for it is the location next to Broadway theaters. If we had not ventured far away from this hotel, I would not consider returning to NYC. Times Square is dirty, noisy and, with the new pedestrian mall that blocks traffic off parts of Broadway Ave. (while sounding good), it only makes congestion worst. Most nights, it took us over 20 minutes in a cab just to get around the block and out of the area to get to the good restaurants in the city. The staff at the hotel is hit and miss; some will greet you while others will ignore you. The Elite check-in for Platinum Members is a joke. After staying the week on business, we stayed the weekend on points, and the staff didn't know how to handle the reservation. The gal at Elite check-in was rude when I explained I needed to get the key redone because I was told we had a new reservation. She demanded to know who had told me that. Then she told me to ignore them. Sure enough, the key didn't work when I went back upstairs. We finally got that mess straighten up. Twice, the valet lost my husband's car in the garage. The hotel room was O.K. - the flat screen T.V.s are an improvement, but I would not consider the rooms renovated as they have just put granite over old vanities and updated the mirrors and facets. The rest of the bathroom was old, with broken tiles on the floor and mold on the tiles in the shower. Bathtub was chipped in many places. If you want to listen to your neighbors, just spend some time in the bathroom and you can hear every conversation in the next room, including every bodily function. Much has been said about the elevators, and while they are efficient, the lobby on the ground floor is ugly and inconvenient with the backs of the elevators facing out which you have to walk around to get to the keypad. Poorly designed. I could go on, but I won't. Find another hotel in a nicer part of the city. New York is fantastic.	
Aug 2 2009 	Overall a good experience. Icky housecleaning though and loud.	Overall, we had a really positive experience. The location was fabulous. We had two &quot;Times Square View&quot; rooms but there was a giant billboard in front of our window that obscured the view but we still enjoyed the view. The concierge was really helpful, impressively so. For a small fortune, we were able to get tickets to Billy Elliot for the same night by using the Marriott broker. The man at the booth was very helpful and funny. The room service was delicious. We are vegetarians and their veggie burger was one of the best we've ever had. The room service staff also offered to make us anything they had ingredients for. We didn't take them up on the offer but it was still pretty nice to know. The only downside (aside from the big billboard obstructing our view) was the cleaning. I might not have noticed were it not for the fact that my son lost a part of a toy and I went crawling around on the floor looking for it. I never found the part but I found gum stuck to the side of the bed (my kids don't chew gum so it wasn't us!) and under the bed and the corners of the room were really pretty disgusting. Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a neat freak, it was just that dirty and dusty. I would be worried for people with dust allergies. Also, my husband had problems sleeping because of the sirens and street noise.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for birthday/shopping trip. The location was great and I found the lift system easy to manage. On arrival due to jetlag we went to bed early but were kept awake with what sounded like a heating system - reception moved us straight away with no trouble. As its so big we had very little interaction with staff for our entire stay and it felt very like staying in an apartment. Great to be right in the centre of Times Square but theres probably better value to be had a couple of blocks away.	
Jul 30 2009 	At the Center of the NYC Universe	Stayed for just one quick night while waiting for a flight home. If you only have one night (or two) to spend in NYC, here is the perfect location in the middle of it all - Broadway, the Theatre District and close to everything else. My request for a high floor (41 out of 45) was honored without question and we had a nice view of Times Square. The rooms were very nice. The gym is well-equipped. There are several restaurants onsite and two Starbucks. The hotel is also home to the only revolving restaurant in NYC. While we didn't eat there, a friend recently did and she said it was a very special experience. If you can get a good rate, by all means try to stay here even if for only one night.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Times Square location and proximity to all we wanted to see in New York City.	Having driven all over the world, New York City driving was a breeze to me, but the GPS does not reflect construction sites and re-routes. However, I do recommend Marriott Rewards membership to be able to enjoy comfortable accommodations like these at reasonable prices or great upgrades.	
Jul 24 2009 	Location Location Location; Exceeded all expectations	I know so many people say: &quot;you're in NYC so you don't spend much time in your room,&quot; but the time you do spend there is very comfortable. The beds were comfortable to sleep in - where we got the much needed sleep and rest that we needed for our long days. The room was roomy and the view was terrific. Even with all the hustle and bustle outside, the room was quiet!And being right in the middle of Time Square you are close to so much. We had a blast and the hotel helped us to enjoy our stay.The staff was excellent; they went out of their way to make our stay pleasant. When asking for the best shows, they gave lots of personal recommendations; when asking about specific things we were looking for, they were able to provide the answers; when we checked out, but still needed to leave our bags there for the day while we continued sight-seeing, they were very accomodating; they were very friendly when extending our check-out time; and I could go on. When asking for directions to specific venues, everyone from the staff to the security people were willing and ready to help. Take the bus tour! You can get on/off for a couple of days and you get to see so much and get a &quot;lay of the land&quot; so you better decide what you want to do.	
Jul 24 2009 	Affordable Comfort in NYC	After staying in the Pod Hotel in NYC for 3 nights before moving to the Marquis, this was exactly what I'd been hoping for and it was like pure lusury in comparison to the hole we were staying in. Quick check in and then a super fast lift to the 14th floor in to our huge room - it was massive. The bathroom at the Marquis was bigger than the entire room at the Pod! Views out over Time Square, a super large bed that was so comfy and plush it was an effort to force ourselves to get up! After a hard day of lots of walking and shopping in the cold, this room was great to come back to and get a good nights sleep in preparation to do it all again. Went up to the revolving bar a couple of evenings for the yummiest coctails while getting the best views out over the city - just a bit of a killer when you've had a few too many to get down in the lift which is so fast iss quite disorientating. Outside the entrance is a place to buy cheap show tickets and whilst the queues may look long, they move really quickly and is well worth the wait. I couldnt go to New York and not watch Chorus Line - for the sake of a 35min wait, I got to see it for less than half price with great seats. Location of hotel is fantastic - right in Time Square with all the theatres, great restaurants and macy's only a short walk away. For a gimmicy meal we went to Bubba Gump Shrimp and was really pleasantly surprised and you have to go to Johns Pizza place a road from the hotel - simply the best pizza I've ever had. After the hussle and bustle of NYC for a week you need a good hotel and this is well worth the money - would definately pick the Marquis for our next stay in New York.	
Jul 22 2009	Great Location	This was right @ Times Square, so as you step out onto Broadway &amp; 7th Ave., you could feel the high energy. This place is bustling. Had a high floor - view room, so it was awesome watching the fireworks on the Hudson River on 4th of July. The room is a very good size for typical NY hotels. If you're looking for upbeat crowd and in the center of action - this would be one one.	
Jul 21 2009 	Huge Hotel at great location - in the middle of Times Square	We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 4 nights in July 2009.Chose it because of the location. Originally we had booked a hotel on Park Avenue but then re-decided because we wanted to be right in the middle of everything.Overall:We were satisfied with our stay and did not have mayor complaints. Marriott fulfilled our expectations since we knew what to expect. Years ago we had a look into the lobby so we knew its huge.Postive:LOCATION - LOCATION - LOCATION !Marriott Marquis is right on Broadway / Times Square. You just step out of the doors and you are in the middle of action. The Grey Line Tour buses start 2 minutes walk up broadway and the next subway station is 5 minutes to the other direction.Although the hotel looks ugly from the outside (80's style) it is very well maintained.Rooms are big and beds comfortable. Aircontion worlked perfectly and is silent, this is most important for us - we hate these window aircos making a lot of noise.We booked a times square view room on high floor and got a room on 35 floor with breathtaking view.Breakfast buffet was included in our rate (25 dollars surcharge per room compared to room only) and it was really worth it. Huge and good buffet -warm and cold selection. Nice restaurant on 8th floor - lobby level.There is a starbucks on 8th floor and one on street level if you just prefer to have coffee.The lobby shop offers stamps for postcards and letters. Staff there was really nice and helpful.Broadway bar on 8th floor has great view on Broadway and cocktails were very good.The lobby is really impressive, located on 8th floor it is open till 45 floor and you can see the glass elevator going up and down.Negative:There are only some minor issues to be mentioned.The bathroom looks a bit dated, but water pressure was OK and amenities offered are nice.It would be perfect if the hotel would offer a pool, especially in summer.At one night the Broadway bar was closed due to a private event, only the lobby bar without view open.SummaryAs i mentioned, do not expect any charm, the hotel is huge and the lobby has the atmosphere of a big train station.If you are looking for personal attention of staff or charming atmosphere you will not like this hotel.If you want to be in the middle of New York Action, do not fear thousands of people and want a good bed and perfect and silent air-condition, you will love this hotel.	
Jul 18 2009 	Not perfect but - Great Location. Great Hotel.	This hotel could NOT have been in a better location for a family traveling with 4 teens/young adults (21,18,16,13). We had 2 adjoining rooms on the 17th floor with a GREAT view of Times Square. The 2 King rooms worked out nicely with the sofa beds and a roll-away!My on-going peeve with &quot;nice&quot; hotels (as opposed to economy hotels) is that they nickel and dime you for everything. COME ON! For $400+ per night per room, could you NOT throw in free wireless internet??? I mean seriously, raise my room price $17 and give it to me for free!!! Instead, we had to pay $17 (per room) per night and it wasn't even wireless... you had to sit, anchored to the desk, plugged in... ridiculous in 2009.Also, we paid a WAY higher price than a lot of people there who got excellent bargains... I think I would've been WAY happier paying $269 per night than $400+.The elevators we OK as long as it wasn't crowded... when the crowds picked up, it could take 15 minutes to get up to your room (or down to the first floor). But again, to walk out the doors and be in the loud, crazy, FUN, awake, glitzy, blinking Times Square - it was all worth it (especially for the kids!)	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel 	We spent July 3-7 at the Marriott Marquis and had a wonderful stay. The service at the front desk, concierge, and housekeeping were all excellent. Though located in the heart of Times Square, it was very quiet and restful even on a holiday weekend. The room was very clean, spacious, and attractive. We were in NYC mainly for theater, so we didn't have time to use the amenities. We did have drinks at night at The View, the top floor rotating lounge/restaurant &amp; enjoyed the drinks &amp; the amazing view. We attended 5 shows in 2 days and this central location was such a time-saver and convenience for us. It's so close to theaters, subway, and within walking distance to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and many other sites we wanted to see. We liked the location, cleanliness, and service the best. We can't really think of anything that we liked least. Great hotel-highly recommended for theater-goers.	
Jul 14 2009	Best hotel in Manhattan	I cannot praise this hotel enough. I've traveled the world and stayed at what I thought were 5 star hotels. NONE of them came close to the Marquis. The service was the finest I have experienced. I found a deal -4th night free-and jumped at it. I've always wanted to stay here and I was NOT disappointed. From the room service to the staff,to the location,this is the hotel you'll want to stay at when you visit New York.....Do NOT hesitate here...But people please remember to treat others the way you would like to be treated, then no matter where you travel you will have a great time.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect Location...when we come back we are staying at the Marriott Marquis again.	What a great hotel. It is located right in the heart of Times Square and within walking distance of most theatres, shopping, David Letterman (Ed Sullivan Theatre) etc.We booked a package with a standard room. I called a couple of days early and said that I would be interested in an upgrade. I didn't see the room that I would have received but I know it wouldn't have had the view that we had from our &quot;Times Square&quot; view room.It only cost us $50.00 a night more but it was worth it.I would also suggest that if you do upgrade that you request a fridge in your room. The rooms don't come with this but we were given one at no extra charge after upgrading. I think they said that the normal cost for a fridge was $25.00 a night.You'll want the fridge to keep your water and other refreshments cold. It's very humid in New York in July and you will be drinking a lot of water.The room itself had everything you need...a large LG television, couch, chair with footstool, king size bed ( I never slept better or longer ).We would turn the couch (hide a bed I think) around at night facing the large windows and just enjoy the view of Times Square while sipping on some red wine.The service in the hotel was amazing and always done with a smile. Actually the service at the shops and restaurants was excellent as well. As a Canadian I think our major centers like Calgary, Vancouver and Toronto could learn a lot about service within the &quot;service industries&quot; by going to New York!The elevators are unique both in how they are organized and how they look. It might take a few rides but you will get use to it. During the rush times it does take a while but be patient.I read a few reviews that said they had their rooms broken into. We didn't and we also had a safe in the closet. I don't know if the standard rooms had the safe but we made good use of it and no incidents.Tips:1. Go to Jersey Boys and pay extra for good seat it's worth every penny.2. Go to David Letterman. I went on line and requested a couple of dates just a week before we left. I got a call back and after answering a trivia question correctly we got front row seats. 3. If you get tickets to Letterman you have to be at the theatre around 2:00 p.m. We went to Angelo's Pizza which is right beside Letterman's and had a great pizza and bottle of wine at noon and it worked out perfect.4. Take in a Mets or Yankees game. We went to the Mets. I got my tickets at StubHub and they were perfect again....centre on the third base line about 25 rows up on the main level. I got some grear video of Manny as the L.A. Dodgers were playing. What a great stadium too!5. Take a tour on the Greyline buses 6. Use the subway as much as you can it is safe and always full of people.Not once did we feel unsafe walking around. Time Square police are all over the place.If you don't like crowds...don't go. If you like pizza, baseball and theatre....go.	
Jul 8 2009 	Best place to stay at Times Square NYC	We have stayed at other hotels at Times Square, some much more expensive, but this one is a keeper. Perfect location and has everything we wanted, unlike some hotels that have a bar that does not serve food. We will go back to the Marriott Marquis every visit to New York.	
Jul 7 2009 	As always Fabulous!	I stayed here with 3 teenage girls. We booked two rooms. When we checked in they didn't have any rooms close together only time square view rooms for an exra $100 I had requested this when making reservation months ago.. I wanted to keep an eye on them so I took the upgrade. Glad we did the view was incredible. I had a view in the past but it was kind of around a corner and you had to put your face up to the window to see times square. This was well worth the money.The girls were very impressed. We then went to the View lounge for dinner. The buffet was $32 a person . They served short ribs, chicken, salad,cheese pastas, asian shrimp,bread,desserts were included. We loved the chocolate fountain.I always stay at this hotel when in the city. I've stayed at others but this is the best deal.Rooms are quite big for NYC. Extremely convient location.It is also beautiful. The staff is first rate. I will always come back!	
Jul 5 2009 	Good Value Relative to Other Manhattan Hotels	My first reaction staying here was: &quot;Wow, what a lot of tourists!&quot; and was kind of worried that I'd be awake all night listening to people partying in their rooms, street noise, etc. But that wasn't the case. My room was on a high floor and well insulated against noise. You heard some stuff, but once you draw the curtains, the room is pretty dark and quiet allowing a good night's sleep.My second reaction is that the hotel is BIG. You walk into the lobby, look straight up and realize that there are something like 50 floors with what appear to be 100 rooms per floor. Probably not that much, nonetheless it's an impressive sight. There are glass elevators that go all the way up. Maybe a concern if you're acrophobic.Via the elite desk, check in was pretty fast. For guests without elite status, there was a line, but it seemed to be moving. At least, no one was grumbling ... not even a family with four kids.This hotel obviously gets a lot of traffic. The halls looked like they'd been redone in the past few years, but even so the rugs are getting dingy in high-traffic areas. I had a colleague with a room similar to mine and both showed wear (chipped counters, scratched furniture, etc.), though both were also very clean.Rooms were large relative to most New York hotels and included a king size bed (which was very comfortable), desk and work area, a couch, coffee table, separate chair with ottoman, large dresser, and still leave plenty of room to unpack and mill about. I ordered room service (where they brought in a trolley with the meal) with two colleagues and I working in the room; there was still room to move around, use the desk, sit on the couch, etc. I visit New York several times a year -- most hotel rooms are &quot;cozy&quot;, to use a kind word, even at &quot;luxury&quot; hotels. Usually there's barely enough room to open your suitcase.Room service was ok but not great. I used it several times and it was hit or miss. The food quality was fine, but the service was at times a little off. They made mistakes on at least one order, though they corrected it quickly.Internet service, workspace amenities, business center, fitness center, etc. were all pretty good. The hotel has everything except a pool. There are several restaurants ... I ate at the View which has a nice view of Times Square and one of the lobby restaurants. Both were fine.The hotel's highlight other than size and space is its location. It's right in the middle of Times Square which depending on your point of view is either really good or really bad. Even with the change in traffic patterns (i.e., the city shut down parts of Broadway and made them pedestrian zones), it's still very crowded -- packed with tourists. But it is convenient for midtown business, transportation, etc. and at a decent price. I got a corporate rate that was about $275 before tax.Overall, a pretty good hotel for the price relative to what's available in NYC.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great location with amazing views.	I accompanied my husband, his colleagues and their wives to New York on 18.06.09. All of us, plus all of the other conference guests (300+), stayed in this hotel,which also hosted the event and several of the receptions.All in all I would most certainly recommend this hotel. It is in a great location and pretty central for most of the places we wanted to visit by cab or on foot.The rooms are spacious and kept very clean and tidy. They're not the most inspiring, but the beds are comfortable, the TV is huge and the tea &amp; coffee machine makes a decent brew. There were also complimentary newspapers outside the doors every morning.The staff were all very polite, friendly and helpful and I certainly didn't feel that this was in order to gain tips. This is my second trip to NYC and the staff this time were a credit to the hotel.Although we did not use the fitness centre, it looked really well equipped and well maintained.The food &amp; drink in the hotel were lovely but incredibly expensive. The views over Times Square from the Broadway Bar are amazing! Try the pizza, yumm!Ladies, do not limit yourselves to Macy's &amp; Bloomingdales - you must visit the Century 21 department store which is very much like an upmarket TK MAXX (all top designers &amp; brands like DKNY, Juicy Couture, Guess etc)!!!!!For a decent meal close to the hotel try the Blue Finn. Very trendy with great food and attentive staff. Do Juniors for breakfast and you're set for the day.On our final day we had booked a larger taxi back to the airport which the hotel had organised, we were pretty impressed when we came out to an upgrade at no extra cost which was a huge white stretch limo.If you get the chance to stay here, go for it - but New York is so fantasic wherever you end up I can't imagine not enjoying it.	
Jul 2 2009 	Nice hotel...of course over-priced it's in the heart of Manhattan	I stayed here for 1 night, for a business trip &amp; was VERY occupied w/ the business...all conducted within the hotel. so no great recollection of many things about the hotel, but I can tell you:- The room was nice; think I had a King bed- No view worth remembering, which is disappointing when you're in Times Square- YOU ARE IN TIMES SQUARE. You're in THE heart of THE biggest/best city in the world. To say you're &quot;within walking distance&quot; of ANYTHING is an understatement. Restaurants, broadway, Central Park's not too far away, nor is anything else NYC has to offer. The location CANNOT be beat.- The food (lunch and Dinner at the affair I was attending) was good- Big ballrooms, big event rooms, well done- Easy cab drop-off and pick-up- Check-in/-out was easy, BUT there was a wait for both. This was a little annoying; I get it, this is a huge hotel in the world's biggest and best city, OK, fine. Just put more people on the front desk, will you?- They were all jazzed over their going &quot;paperless,&quot; so no paper bill received, which was nice / good to see.That's all I remember. Sorry, not a detailed review, but the rest must have been OK if it wasn't noteworthy/worth remembering.Bottom line: UNLESS you decide you MUST stay in Times Square, I'd find a cheaper hotel if you can...or try to find a good price for this one on your favorite search engine.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great location in middle of Times Square	I love the location of this hotel - the view outside my window was directly onto Times Square. And being able to walk right out the front of the hotel and directly onto Times Square and all the nearby shops and restaurants is very convenient and not to mention quicker by not having to fight cab traffic. And if you do need to go somewhere, getting a cab is fairly easy. The hotel itself is nice, has a great restaurant and was pretty decent. Its definately not new, but my room was clean which is most important. The rooms were average Marriott rooms with bed and a nice chair and have everything you need. Besides with so much to do in the area, who wants to stay in the room? The elevator banks are interesting and how they assign you one that goes directly to your floor, rather than getting in and punching numbers is kind of cool. And the lobby is not on the ground floor, but once you figure all of that out, it's easy to get around.	
Jul 2 2009 	Another great stay at the Marquis	Plain and simply the best hotel in Time Square. Best lobby bar in time square with the best TS views, roof top rotating restaurant bar, 40 story lobby atrium.....It is located right in the heart of time square. At check in I was given an upgrade to a suite which was an amazing blessing considering we were traveling with 2 toddlers. Everyone was professional and helpful. No more to be said. If your going to NY and want to be in the middle of it all, stay at the Marquis!	
Jun 30 2009 	We had a great experience at Marriott Marquis NYC	Great Location, nice large room, King bed. My son thought the elevators were like an amusement park ride. The staff was helpful and attentive. I would stay here again when traveling with my son	
Jun 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel in the Heart of the City	My teenagers actually said that this hotel has spoiled them for other hotels. Not a bad review from cynical teenagers.The hotel was up scale in the middle of Times Square and as purchased through the Name-Your-Price feature at Priceline...was a very good value. The room was comfortable and quiet.	
Jun 29 2009 	New York Marriott Marquis is a Great Hotel!!!	Just wrapped up a two day stay at this wonderful hotel and wish I could have stayed longer! Check-in a breeze, clean, beautiful room with comfy bed. One thing I can say is that when they say they are in the heart of the theater district - they really are! On the downside, the pricing at the hotel resaurants wasa bit steep. A simple breakfast for one averaged $50. Juniors, a great restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner, is right across the street was a great alternative. A short walk to John Pizzaria, Carmine's and Sardi's, as well as Rstaurant Row. Be sure to give Becco's on Restaurnat Row a try for great italian. In all, I can't speak highly enough of this hotel and we will be back!	
Jun 28 2009 	GREAT SERVICE GREAT LOCATION WOULD STAY HERE AGAIN	I arrived at around 7:45 pm at the hotel, with my fiance from La Guardia Airport. It was a long trip for us, so we were exhausted and excited at the same time, since this was our first time to New York.As soon as we got out of our shuttle, at the street level of our hotel, a very gentle empoyee approached us and took care of our luggage, he gave us some tickets for the luggage, and told us that they would take it to our room, once we got a room assignated, and instructed us to go to the front desk located at the 8th floor.Elevator wait, was 2 minutes, using a very easy system (14 elevators, each one marked with a letter from A to N. In the middle, two buttons pannels, you put your floor number, the pannel tells you wich elevator to take. That`s it)When we got to the front desk, i handed my reservation to a very gentle lady, who checked it and said everything was in place. I asked her if it was possible to change the room, from a double bed room, to a king size bed room, since one of my party traveller couldn`t make it to new york.She did it in just one minute, and gave us a better room with a Times Square view, at the same rate i had booked.The room was spacious and clean. The view was stunning. Five minutes laters, the luggage arrived in the same conditions i left it in the street level, and it is fair to say that i was at the 30th floor.Internet access worked perfect. It is possible to pay for a cable access or if you have a laptop you could get the wireless connection at no cost.We went several times to the concierge level, to ask for information about addreses and restaurants, and broadway shows, and everytime they were helpful.The location of this hotel is absolutely a major benefit. Everything is in walking distance, and if it`s not then you have several bus stops and subway stations nearby, to take you everywhere.Check out time is 12:00 pm. And our flight to Miami was at 6:45 pm. So we have to options: 1. Ask for a late check out, wich is granted on availability, and costs 30$ per extra hour, or 2. Check out at the appropriate time and leave your luggage at the concierge. They would give tickets for the luggage, and once you are ready to go, they will take it to the street level. We choose the second option. We check out at 9:00 am, and leave the hotel to get the most of our time in New York.We went back to the hotel at 4:00 pm, and handed the luggage tickets to the bellboy, who gave us back our luggage. I have no complaints about the hotel or its staff, as a matter of fact, i only have compliments for this people, that make everything possible for me and my fiance to have a pleasant stay. And they achieved it	
Jun 23 2009 	Very nice rooms with GREAT location and staff!	We took our two 16 year old daughters to celebrate their 16th bdays. It was a fabulous and convenient place to stay. We requested early check in and they granted it and gave us a room with a view! Nice views of time Square. I was surprised at how quiet the hotel was considering it is in the heart of Times Square. The elevators were fast and always available. The Concierge's were incredibly helpful! (and we asked them ALOT!!!) The rooms are spacious with a refridgerator and a nice flat screen tv and a safe. The bathrooms are big enough for two teenagers to get ready together. The fitness center is gorgeous (even though we didn't actually work out.) Overall, the LOCATION is just awesome...so close to everything and lots of easy little eating places without having to eat fancy. The theatres are withing a few feet of the hotel...This was just a GREAT trip and the hotel really made it that much better!	
Jun 22 2009 	Marquis was fantastic!	I traveled to New York City with my kids while my wife was in Norway for memorial for her father who had passed away in March. I really didn't want to go to New York City because of the impression I had that the people were rude and shopping and restaurants were too crowded and just too much hustle and bustle to enjoy yourself. This hotel was so comfortable and inviting that we felt right at home as soon as we arrived. Check-in was fast and courteous even though there were many people also checking-in. We had a view of Time Square and the room was very clean and spacious for the three of us. All you have to do is walk outside the hotel and you are just absorbed into that wonderful lifestyle that New Yorkers are accustomed to. Everything is right there and so convenient. The restaurant right across the street (Juniors) was great. We ate there three times and every time the service was courteous and prompt. The food was the best and prices were reasonable for the middle of Manhatten. We went to several shows one of which was The Lion King which was literally 30 steps from the entrance to the hotel. It was raining when the show let out and we walked out of the theater and back into the hotel with only a few raindrops hitting us. The concierge (several different people) helped us with dinner reservations and suggestions and we could not have been happier with the choices they made. My kids and I had such a great time we are planning a return trip during Winter break. Would not think of staying anywhere else. I wa so impressed with this hotel and New York City that I'am going to try and convince my wife to move here.	
Jun 22 2009 	Location location location	My family and I just returned from a week at the Marriott Marquis. We didn't use any of the hotel services (no restaurant, no fitness club), but would definitely stay here again. You just can't beat the location. We got a great rate on the Marriott website (AAA discount). They put us on the 40th floor overlooking Time Square. The plays we went to were well within walking discount (2 were less than a block). Access to subways were easy. I highly recommend Juniors Deli across the street and Times Square Bagels on 44th street for after-theatre dessert and breakfast respectively. We will definitely stay here again!	
Jun 21 2009 	very very disappointing. service was awful.	I live in NYC but chose to get two rooms at this hotel for my bachelorette party. I was excited to stay in a touristy location and enjoy the amenities of the hotel like the concierge lounge. I chose this hotel in particular because my mom is a platinum Marriott Rewards member and had a lot of points that I could use. She called Marriott Reservations and explained that she wanted to book the hotel in her name, using her points, so that I would receive the amenities given to platinum members, but that they should put a note in the system saying that I was the one who would be checking in, not her. The main reason we did this was to get access to the concierge lounge, which the reservations agent said would be great and that I'd love it. I called the hotel twice during the week before my stay, double checking that it was fine for me to check in without her, etc. The people over the phone were great and said that it would be fine. When I went to check in, I was told that no note appeared in the system and that I could not check in unless I got my mother on the phone. She happened to be going out of town that day (out of the country) and I didn't think I'd be able to get her on the phone. Luckily after a few attempts I was able to reach her and she explained to the manager that I was supposed to be checking in. While all of this was happening, we were talking to the desk clerk about possible suite upgrades. She said that there were no more suites left that night, but it was okay because we were so close to the concierge lounge and we'd have a lot of space to hang out in there. After they got off the phone with my mom, the front desk clerk then informed me that (a) the concierge lounge WAS NOT OPEN OVER THE WEEKEND, and (b) it didn't matter, because I would not have been eligible for it anyway since my mom was the platinum member and not me. I'm sorry, two major problems here. The entire reason I booked this hotel was for the concierge lounge. I had ten people coming to hang out in two rooms. I wanted access to the lounge. If it was going to be closed, why did the desk agent tell me TWO SECONDS EARLIER that it didn't matter that I didn't have a suite because the lounge was so close to our room? Are you kidding me? And then to add insult to injury by saying that they wouldn't have given me access anyway? If that was really the protocol (which it may be), why wouldn't you say that while booking? Why wouldn't you say that the lounge was closed during those dates when I specifically said that I needed access to it?THEN, they screwed up the rooms. They promised that we'd have adjoining rooms with two double beds, and what do you know, they were not adjoining. I soon learned that the only adjoining rooms were king/2 doubles. We eventually just decided to move into a king room. The rooms itself were nice and fine, but I think the bottom line was that this hotel was not the best one for our needs. It really made me upset that they misrepresented it as something it was not. If we had known from the get go that the lounge was closed and that they did not have adjoining rooms that had two double beds each, we would not have booked here. Of course, we did not find out until we wasted a TON of points on our stay. I am very disappointed in what happened. I did speak to the manager about this during check in and he did not seem to care at all.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great view; great rates with AAA special	Enjoyed our stay at the Mariott Marquis. Once in a life-time views of Times Square. Was able to get a special rate through Mariott and AAA with a Thursday check-in. Had a Times Square View room and really enjoyed the lights and watching the hustle below. The amenities and service were very acceptable. Subway was just a few blocks in either direction. Definitely a solid, high-end 3-star hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	Had a great stay!	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The room was clean, comfortable and quiet. and the service efficient. We had used the online concierge for special requests and found everything we asked for upon arrival.Absolutely no problem with the elevators, we haven't had more than a minute wait at peak times.We found the location to be very convenient and very safe even after dark.We'll definitely be going back!	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Hotel/Great Location	This hotel is right in the middle of Time Square. One block from the subway. The rooms are very confortable. We were very lucky our room had a view of Times Square. We recommend this hotel	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic experience	The hotel was booked as part of our holiday package by our cruise company. I had read the reviews before going but I thought this hotel was wonderful. our 25th wedding anniversary took place whilst in NY. We were upgraded to the 39th floor. The View wasnt that fantastic but the room was wonderful, large and clean. Staff were very helpful and even supplied extra luggage tags. Being in such a central location made it easy to get around and the fact that people were sitting out in broadway just watching hte world go by at midnight seemed a little crazy but cool. felt very safe inNYC and the hotel and would definately stay there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Expensive but great location	The Marriott Marquis is located literally right in the middle of Times Square and the Theatre District. It is a HUGE hotel with 49 floors and a LOT of people in it. There are always people around and some elevator waits, etc. That being said, it is a nice hotel and you can't beat the location. Rooms were nice. It was actually pretty quiet and the views of times square were amazing. Bed was very comfortable and bathroom was roomy. Big, flatscreen TV with lots of channels. Would stay again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel Incredible Location Gorgeous Views!	I traveled to NYC in April 09 for a friend's b-day and we absolutely loved the Marquis. It was a great location and we had an amazing view of Times Square. I loved how big the hotel was, and the rooms weren't small at all. (I understand many NYC hotel rooms are super tiny). We actually saw The Little Mermaid, which was conveniently located two steps from the hotel. Everything worked out perfectly! Loved the hotel, good service, clean rooms, spacious, and modern. It was great to stay in Midtown, too; we were halfway between lower Manhattan and upper Manhattan. We're returning for my mom's birthday in August...cannot wait!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Credit Card Guarantee Means Nothing	We arrived in New York Late Tuesday and were only staying 2 nights. I researched hotels in Times Square and selected the Marriott Marquis based on the reviews from Trip Advisor. My husband called the hotel to let them know our flight was a late one and to have them send a car to the airport to pick us up. We arrived at the hotel to check in only to be told that they did not have a room available. They had guest that wanted to extend their stay and gave them our room. I had printed out my confirmation that stated Credit Card Guarantee. Basically that really means nothing but had I not showed up at all my credit card would have been charged for the room that wasn't even available! We travel a lot and I have never had this happen ever!!	
Jun 13 2009	Perfect location. Wonderful stay!	The Marquis is right in the middle of Times Square and is the perfect location for easy access to almost all Broadway theaters and many wonderful restaurants. I was with my mom, who doesn't walk very much, and this hotel made it very easy to walk to all the shows. Getting a cab under the hotel was simple and fast and we didn't have to wait that long for an elevator at all.The staff was very nice and the lounge on the 8th floor was the perfect place to rest, have a great view and a drink. The rooms were kept very clean as was the hotel and we had aan amazing view!!!The hotel was a little pricey, I am sure because it's right in the middle of everything.	
Jun 9 2009 	Amazing Location Incredible Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for our 5th anniversary with my husband. We have wanted to stay here for a while. It is amazing location. Our Times Square view room was awesome. 42nd floor- ultra clean room, comfy bed. The hotel was in the perfect location. Lots of great restaurants on site, make sure you go to the top revolving restaurant for a drink.	
Jun 6 2009 	The best location	You could see time square from our room. It was christmas time when I stayed there with some of my family. The hotel was decorated very nicely for the holiday. There are a few very nice shops in the hotel lobby. It is a very large hotel and the elevator system was kind of confusing at first. The room we had was nice but nothing special in my opinion. It had two chairs and a table by the window which was nice since we had a time square view. The bed was nice, I slept well. The best part about the hotel was the location.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location and loved 9 To 5 at the Marquis Theatre	I went to a book convention and brought along 2 friends. The location is great right -outside the hotel is Times Square, lots of places to eat and subways nearby both to the north and south. Also inside the hotel is the theatre for 9 To 5 the Broadway show. We had bought tickets ahead of time and were surprised the theatre was inside the hotel. The rooms are very clean and spacious and include a mini safe. The internet fees were high so I decided not to log on.	
Jun 4 2009 	Nice hotel great location	My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square in May in May 2009. He was there on business and I joined him for a long weekend. The hotel was very nice: clean rooms, comfortable mattress, quiet. The elevator issue that some people referred to in earlier reviews seems to have been addressed. To call an elevator, you input your floor number at a central panel. You're then directed to a specific elevator. Other than perhaps one time, we never waited more than a couple of minutes, if that, for an elevator and even that one time, the wait was probably only a few minutes. The hotel’s location is great: right in the heart of Times Square and convenient to the Central Park area as well.	
Jun 3 2009 	Right in the heart of New York	In the middle of Times Square, walking distance to the Park, Rockerfeller Centre, Thatres, Empire State, and some great restaurants and bars, this is a great location. The hotel itself is a superb design, with fun glass lifts which worked quickly and efficiently, spacious rooms - ours overlooked the bright lights of Times Square - and some great bars with views across Manhatten. The staff at check-in, the concierge and all the bar staff were attentive, friendly and helpful. We had a fabulous time.	
Jun 2 2009 	FABULOUS NYC HOTEL	I have stayed in this hotel numerous times in the past few years. When I come into the city this is where I always stay and I'm never disappointed. It's beautiful and such a pleasure to stay here. Some people complain about the elevators, but I never have a problem. The rooms are lovely and spotless and the location is perfect if you are seeing a show.	
Jun 2 2009 	Girls trip to NYC	I just returned from a 3 night/4 day trip to NYC with my friends. We stayed at the Marquis for an amazing price $181.00/night unheard of for NYC. It is definitely in the heart of it all. All Theater that is! This is my 3rd visit to NYC but my first stay in Times Square. I would have to say that it will be my last. I prefer alittle quieter location. As far as the hotel goes it was top notch! We were on the 32nd floor with a tiny view of times square. The room was huge for NYC standards plenty of room for the 4 of us. There is a starbucks in the 1st floor lobby and on the 8th floor lobby. Restuarants are available although we did not eat at the hotel they were always busy. The lounge was nice for cocktails in the evening. This is a very busy hotel at all hours of the day and night. But all in all we had a fabulous time.	
May 30 2009 	as good as they say	Most other reviewers have given the thumbs up. I must do so also. Execllent location. Modern decor. Spacious lobby. Room very large(we has a corner room). Bed clean and comfortable. Bathroom small but hey it's a bathroom. Excellent shower and towels. It can get a bit pricey, but so is all of NY. Park next door to save few bucks from valet. Coffee shop really expensive. Great deli's and coffee shops right outside front door.	
May 30 2009 	Unbelieveable 36 hours in New York and this was the epicenter!	At $259 a night mid-week smack in the middle of Times Square, the Marquis is an unbelievable hotel for tourists and business visitors alike. I arrived late on a Tuesday night seriously jet-lagged. Traffic to the Marriott is blocked from Broadway, and you have to enter from 46th. Beware that even your in-car GPS system will probably not work reliably in the concrete canyons of this neighborhood.The interior is simply overwhelming with an atrium literally reaching for the sky from the 8th floor lobby. Space age, art deco, and retro designs combine to make a true 21st-century hotel lobby while capturing the richer qualities of the city's past. Check-in was absolutely painless, and I was assigned a junior suite on the 24th floor with a view of Broadway. The View rotating restaurant sits atop at the 42nd floor.The enormous 8th floor hosts a number of bars, restaurants, and the usual Starbucks and reception/concierge desks. It's easy to drift away while watching the elevators whiz overhead and sipping cappuccino or a cosmopolitan in the Atrium. Peer down upon Times Square from the Broadway Lounge, or grab some traditional sushi at Katen. I found the staff very helpful and friendly. I had breakfast in the concierge lounge on the 30th floor one day, and it was fairly standard fare. No oatmeal, however. The fitness center is comprehensive. The elevator system takes some learning but quickly becomes self-explanatory. Enter the floor you want in a keypad, and a display points you to the right lift. There's a nominal pedestrian area, and morning shows film there, so there are usually cameras about. There are plenty of photo ops with real FDNY trucks and personnel, and shopping galore within a short walk or taxi ride. Restaurants and lively spots on 46th and 47th are a few steps away. Subway access is easy, and the whole of Manhattan and Brooklyn are a few stops away.	
May 26 2009 	Very convenient	In the American way, the rooms are enormous (I don't think many Americans appreciate just how humungous the average hotel room is in their country!) - two queen sized beds. Just perfect for two friends sharing. Everythign was fine - all worked well and was efficient. Loved the noodle bar restaurant. And the bar overlooking Times Square. Just the place to while away some time on a hot weekend between wearing our feet to stumps sightseeing. Perfectly placed for theatre, which we enjoyed.	
May 19 2009 	Protect your valuables	After checkout I realized that I had left my expensive watch on the night table. A few hours later I contacted the hotel and was told it had not been found or turned in to lost and found. My options: none, besides reporting it to their loss prevention department. I was informed that according to NY State Statute, if a valuable is left behind, the hotel is not responsible for the loss. Guess I'll start looking for a job in hotel housekeeping; it's more lucrative than you realize and the hotel does nothing about it when sticky fingers enter the room.	
May 14 2009 	location loation	The hotel certainly couldnt be better placed the tour buses just around the corner shops and theatres all nearby.We were wellcomed by smiling and efficient front desk staff, and upgraded [at a price] to a Time Square view,our room was clean and ok for size,five days in we discovered that we needed to ask for robes,seems mean considering the room rate.Despite some earlier reviews we had no problems with lifts the most we ever waited was a few minuits, guess what ever the problem was it has now been sorted.Dinner in the revolving restaurant was a pleasant enough experience but again pricey,a weak pound dosen't go very far.All in all we enjoyed our six day stay,just a gripe about NY cabs, they are the most miserable bunch I've come across in any city in the world even when you are tipping15/20% getting a smile proved impossible.	
May 12 2009 	So-So	Went for Mother's day weekend with 2 daughters. Used Marriott points so for free, it was a great deal. However next time we'll stay elsewhere. The location of Times Square seemed like it'd be great but reality was we should have stayed closer to the shopping. Times Square was a nightmare to walk to/from anywhere. Obviously that's not the hotel's fault. The things I found wrong with the place were the bathroom wasn't the cleanest or in best shape(toilet seat had cracks throughout, stains on floor),had to request more towels because limited amount were kept in room, minimal toiletries are available for guests, no mini-bar or small fridge in room, NOISE from adjoining rooms and hallway was horrific--you could actually hear the toilet flushing next door, elevators were a pain to actually get on because of the fancy computerized system, temp in room was either hot or cold with no middle ground, and video checkout didn't work. Was very disappointed there wasn't a salon in the hotel.	
May 8 2009 	AMAZING Location!!!!!	Rooms: Very clean, room service is great, very spacious, great flat screen TVs, unfortunately the coffee machine is very poor. Otherwise great. Price: Quite expensive but it is new york!Location: AMAZING. Central to everything. In the heart of Times Square. There is food open 24 hours nearby. Service: Was a bit worried about reviews saying lines were long or they had to wait an hour for the lfits, but we had no such issues!!!Internet: Very expensive 16.95 per 24 hours, but it works well?!Things I would change about the hotel: Add a swimming pool to the gym! Have a kettle in the room, have different toiletries! (ginger smelling was not very nice!)Stayed here for over 7 nights, overall very happy!	
May 7 2009	Great Location	You don't stay at the Marriott Marquis for price...it is just the place to be. I usually prefer values, but am addicted to the convenience that the NYC Marquis offers. If you are travelling to NYC for theater, shopping, and Times Square, there is no better place to stay. Yes, the rooms needs to be updated, staff could be friendlier, and prices could be lower. But it is NYC so you take what you can get.	
May 6 2009 	Brillant location	First visit and certainly not the last. Great location, smack bang in Time Square. Good hotel very busy, no problems with Lifts. Service was good, we wanted a late checkout and we were offered until 3.00pm and no extra cost.	
May 3 2009 	at the centre of everything	for a hotel in the very centre of the hustle &amp; bustle of New York city we found this place to be fairly quiet and the location was excelent (almost all of the places we wanted to visit were within 15 mins walking distance). Other reviewers have complained about the lifts but we never waited more that 1 minute for our to arrive even on a Monday when there were over 20 different conferences going on - overall a really good, affordable hotel.	
May 1 2009 	A Great Place to Visit	This was my first trip to New York and I definitely was not disappointed!! The Marquis is an absolutely marvelous place to stay. Location, location, location - it's right in the heart of the theater district, which is wonderful.The staff is most helpful and the accommadations are elegant. Well worth the money!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Perfect Hotel	I went to Marriott Marquis with my fiance to do some tourism and to participate to a Dental Meeting. The bedroom was clean, spacious, beautiful, well decorareted, with pillows super soft, two queen beds, a 42' LCD TV, coffee machine. The bathroom was also clean and spacious. You can see Times Square through the window.At the top of the building is The View, a restaurant where you can see NYC in 360° cause it rotates! Good food. A little expensive. But is worth the experience.The localizacion is the best part. You exit the hotel and you are in the middle of times Square. Perfect to do shopping, eat in good restaurants and go to plays. I love it. I will definitily go back.	
Apr 22 2009 	Best location in NYC - on Times Square	Superbly located, very good, spacious rooms and service.loved the restaurant at the top and the lobby	
Apr 22 2009 	Loved it!	Stayed for 2 nights and were offered a room on 44th Floor. Right in the Heat of New York, Our room faced Times Square, amazing views and great location. The Hotel although a 3.5 star, should be a 4 star delux, as the rooms were very clean, moderately spacious (for a City Hotel) and friendly staff.Breakfast was not included, and was quite expensive, so we opted to eat out, as there is so much of a selection when you are in the middle of everything.My 2 yr old daughter was with us, and she was very unwell on our last evening, we asked for a late check out of 2pm (check out usually midday), and this was granted free of charge. (Usually a 30$ charge per hour is implemented) Deffinately reccommend this Hotel for a great City Break!	
Apr 21 2009 	The Best Hotel in New York	if you want to experience the noise and excitement of NY then this is the THE hotel for you. Our teenage daughters had never visited NY and were blown away. It is so central and has the best bar in town ( on the 48th floor) which revolves and the elevators are crazily fast and exciting too !The staff were excellent and moved us to a lower room as the 42nd floor was just too high for my daughter.	
Apr 21 2009	Perfect for First Time NYC Visitors	I booked this room for free with my Marriott rewards points, so I can't really complain about anything. This is a standard Marriott room (spacious and clean) in the heart of Times Square. It is in an ideal location if you have booked a Broadway show, or any of the Hop On Hop Off double decker buses as both are located just steps away. Central Park, Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center are also within comfortable walking distance. Subway stops are close as well, so we never had to use a taxi. Though I didn't use it, the TKTS booth is also located just across the street. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again as being in the middle of Times Square there is just too much hustle and bustle for my taste. However, for first time visitors, I would totally recommend the Marriott Marquis as it is the perfect location for most of the main tourist activities.	
Apr 20 2009 	Right on Times Square... but	Having stayed in The Times Square area before, we knew of The Marquis and decided to give it a go this time as it is right in Times Square. We enjoyed a very efficient check in on the 8th floor. We had requested a high floor, which we were given, on the 40th. The elevator system, where the computer decides your car, worked well with little wait. The room was pretty basic with no 'Wow' factor and like any other 3 star hotel in The US. The beds seemed small and the pillows were not the feather ones we had requested. Check out was quick and easy and the staff we encountered were pleasant and professional. The idea of being on Times Square seemed a good idea at the time of booking. This was our 4th trip to New York but we had not experienced how crowded and chaotic Times Square can be and will look to stay in a different location on our next visit.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent place for first girls trip to NYC!	Quiet, clean room, excellent location.....walking distance to lots of attractions &amp; food. Staff were very courteous. Biggest compliants &amp; only compliants was internet service at the business center was 8 dollars each 15 minutes &amp; bath towels didn't smell fresh. Would defintely stay there next visit!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel right in the middle of the action	I've stayed here before, and whilst I'm still a Gold Elite I thought I'd stay here again, as the status means I'd probably get upgraded, and also lounge access - handy for the free internet as I don't like paying for net access if I can avoid it. It does form part of my decision of where to stay nowadays, and it's time some of the large chains realised that fleecing their customers is not right, though I can understand why they do it as the business travellers expense it so they can charge the high rates.Got a room on the concierge floor (30th), and no complaints with the room. You know what you're getting with a Marriott, they tend to feel the same wherever you are. Very comfortable bed as always, and blackout curtains so you can sleep at any time of the day or night - handy for those bright Times Square lights! No noise issues from the street either.Had a few issues with the lift this time, which has never happened before. They do tend to get very crowded at peak times (E.g. 7.30pm when people head for the theatres) so leave a bit earlier, and you'll be fine.I'll be staying here again if I get a good rate. If you want to be in the middle of the action, nearby the theatres and don't mind a large impersonal hotel then this is the place to be.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Stay right on Times Square	If you are looking for a Marriot on Times Square this is the place to go! Great Service, Concierge Lounge, Amazing...2 words STAY HERE!	
Apr 10 2009 	Treated like cattle	This hotel has an excellent location on Times Square but is horribly blighted by the lift( elevator) service.There are 2000 rooms and a huge conference facility, but the elevators are simply not adequate to service them. We had a room on the 43rd floor - with great views of Times Square, but it took up to 30 minutes for a lift to arrive to take us up to the room and the same to bring us down. We lost a dinner reservation and nearly lost our theatre evening as a result. When the conference attendees who use the conference centre in the bottom 7 floors of the hotel come out of their conferences the lift system is totally overwhelmed and basically closes down. The problem is that the elevators would probably be adequate to service just the rooms, but once 2-3000 conference delegates are added the system closes down, and starts to malfunction ( lifts fail to arrive, or come, but the doorsdo not open, or the outer door does open, but the inner door does not, which makes passengers very nervous). The staff ( with the exception of the woman who mans the front desk for the 48th floor View restaurant) were mainly sympathetic, but quite frank about their total inability to help. Eventually one evening I had the duty manager accompany us to our floor in the freight elevator after we had waited ( tired,hungry and needing the bathroom after a day out in the city) nearly 40 minutes for an elevator up to our floor.At nearly $700 dollars per room per night, I naively assumed that actually being able to get up to and down from the room would be included, but not so. The most they could dowas advise us not to try to use the elevators when the conference delgates were likely to be doing so, but frankly, being effectively trapped either in my room or 43 floors below is not my idea of customer service. My complaints led to nothing - no reduction in room rate, not so much as the offer of a cup of coffee whilst the elevators setlled down.This is a greedy hotel, which sells a far greater capacity than the infrastructure can cope with. Avoid it. There are plenty of hotels in the area that respect their customers and do not treat then as an inconvenience.	
Apr 8 2009 	They Could Care Less	We had a number of problems: they ran out of rooms, they had no rooms with double beds, they did not want to honor the &quot;breakfast included&quot; clause. The single biggest issue was the front desk staff, especially the front desk managers (who were worse than the main desk employees). Since they were full, they reasoned, our experience meant nothing. They did not apologize, they were not accomodating. It was infuriating. The rooms are ok, the location good, the value poor, the elevators horrible (this is a bigger deal than you realize if you want to come and go at dinner time). I have stayed at several other Times Square Hotels (W, Westin, Michelangelo, etc.) - all are MUCH better. AVOID the Marquis.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel. Few issues probably won't bug you	I've stayed for a long time at this hotel. I've been there in 2004 for around three weeks, and stayed again in 2007 for roughly the same time.The location is probably the best in NYC. Right on Times Square, and if you like to walk like myself you can probably reach any Manhattan point by foot, which is a pretty nice way to see the city inmy opinion.Rooms were also very good. I took a few classes in NY and everytime I got back to the hotel I felt really comfortable. You have al that nice common stuff like pay per view movies, cable, safe, nice shower, and even a coffee maker. It is very spacious and some views are great.The Internet service is very fast, and easy to use. I used it with cables, so I can't comment on the wi-fi. Great bed, good workdesk, and overall a very spacious room, especially for NYC. My room was way bigger than in the other Marriott I stayed in the city once. The name escapes me now (sorry everybody) but it is a very nice hotel close to Times Square too. The gym seems like something from the future. There are flat screen Tvs so you can walk while listening to TV. You have a view of Times Square from there, and lots of equipment. Some were a little unusual to me since I'm more used to just lifting free weights, but it was a nice experience, and 24/7 if I recall correctly.Cleanliness was OK. My first service complain is actually about the housekeeping services. I've spend a lot of time studying and I didn't make much of a mess in the room, so I was fine with having a lot of timw without housekeeping and the privacy to let my things wherever I wanted them with not much concern. They would call me because they have some policy of having to clean rooms from time to time. It makes some sense (they can check that I'm no terrorist or suicidal guy I guess), but it was bothersome and, when they came, the cleaning wasn't really great. They behind left a bunch of empty soda battles that I had &quot;stored&quot; on the airmoire (is that the right word?) besides the TV since the trash can was small.The Internet was great as I said, except when it failed. If had a connection problem, and I had to make several calls to some center oustide of the hotel (probably outside of US) and then get a guy to fix it, which didn't work. They ended up changing my room after a lot of trouble. At least they gave me a better view, so that was cool.The room service is nice if you're not standing there for much time, or if you sleep at night (it works only until 2 am or something). Not many health options though. My main complain is that they got it wrong more than once. I would ask for a egg white omelet and I'd get a very yellow omelet that was definitely not make of egg whites. The people who delivered the food were all extremely nice. One even managed to remember me from a single brief talk in 2007 (I was istening to a Brazil-Argentina soccer game n the radio and he remembered it). Outstanding!The breakfast in the hotel restaurant (there's ony one for breakfast) may be the best I've ever had. Friendly staff, and if you choose the buffet you'd had lots of variety with any kind of eggs or pancakes, oatmeal, some kinds of fruit, cereal, bagels, and as much oragne juice and coffee as you want. Loved it.The gift shop was very resourceful and, even if you don't want to buy anything from it, you're right at Times Square, so it's hard to feel helpless for anything. It's hard to find a conventional supermarket I guess, but that's a Manhattan thing. The gift shop attendants were also very nice.There are two Starbucks IN the building. One at the lobby (8th floor) and the more assorted one is more shared with outsiders at ground level.I haven't had drinks, sushi and what not, but the lobby has a nice Times Square view and a few eating options.It isn't hard to order pizzas, sandwiches or any kind of meal from the hotel, but you have to go down to the ground level to meet the delivery guy there. I really didn't mind, so that was OK to me.I guess I can also say that NY is NOT the city that never sleeps. I'm from Sao Paulo in Brazil and I feel that Sao Paulo gives me more options at night. If you want to eat really late at night, you're out of luck, unless you want to wander the streets looking for some place. That won't affect any people though.There is also no minibar, so my advice is to ask for a fridge. They will provide a small fridge in the room for 25 bucks (you payjust once for the whole stay) , and it was enough for me to keep plenty of sodas and yogurt.That's about what I can tell you. I emphasized some issues, but I had just a few in like 6 weeks during my 2 stays there. So, overall, you'll probaby be very happy with this hotel. Works for business, leisure, study, whatever you need. PS: They also were able to deliver to me stuff that I bought on-line, even when the arrival was before my check in date (I noticed them, of course).	
Apr 5 2009 	dont go there	I live in NY, and I booked a room for one night only, to have a romantic night with my husband; we were supposed to see a Broadway play. dinner and then stay at the Marquisyesterday we go there to check in and the receptionist tells no, sorry we dont have a room! somebody else wanted to stay longer, and the hotel is sold out. So sorry but you no longer have a room.Nobody contacted me, either by email or phone.They offered to place us in another hotel, but we refused. The guy assured me that my credit card will not be charged, but I do fear that I will be.I just have to wait for the next credit card billI travel all the time, in the US and abroad. It has never happened to me. Neverprobably because they saw we live in the city and we only were going to spend one night..so they couldnt make much money out of us..what a shame!!!	
Apr 1 2009 	HOTELS the bombbb	omg the marriot hotel dont even ask me how was it ! its like A W E S O M E omg madddddddddddddd fun &lt;33 ., mad foooooooood ( imfat ) .lol Juszt qo its On Broadway any questions aim me Woah bbe x	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Location for NYC Theater Times Square Views Dramatic Lobby.	Spent two nights with friends to see a Broadway show, a hockey game at the Garden, and enjoy the tourist heart of Manhattan. This hotel is perfectly situated for all of these activities. Great views of Times Square are possible, even if you don't pay extra for them (we didn't and still had an excellent vista). Plus, the hotel is new-ish which means its standard rooms are decently sized by Manhattan's broom closet standards. The lobby atrium soars 40 stories which puts some additional pzazz into things, and the hotel was clean and everything ran efficiently. Although there were lots of tourists and business people in the hotel, I never heard a peep once my door closed and never had too long a wait for an elevator. Registration took only a minute, the restaurant and bar staff people were courteous, prompt and efficient, and I was able to checkout at a kiosk, which took less than a minute to accomplish. My only gripe was with our housekeeper, who accosted us in a nearly impenetrable West Indian accent to complain about wet sheets. It seems one member of our party had sweated as he slept (before we reduced the room temperature). Aside from being rude, the housekeeper should have acted like a professional, kept her mouth shut and simply done her job. Instead, she preferred to embarass us. After her complaint I immediately checked the sheets and mattress thoroughly and found no hint of dampness whatsoever, except for a touch of it along the top of one sheet. I suspect this housekeeper's real problem was sociological, but in any event her issue did not ruin our visit. But unlike all the other staff members I dealt with, housekeeping received no gratuity from me, although I hope this description here serves as an appropriate &quot;tip.&quot;Helpful info: The lobby and registration desk are located on the 8th Floor. You will not find any signs telling you this. If you've never stayed at this hotel, you'll waste time wandering around its rather disorganized, chopped up ground floor trying to figure out how to enter. The hotel entrance is located halfway down 44th or 45th Street, not on Broadway, but you'd never know this until you've stumbled across it once or twice.Elevators are unusual in that you punch your desired floor onto a control board at the front of the elevator bank, which then assigns you to an elevator (they're lettered, if the control board tells you &quot;N,&quot; for instance, you go stand in front of the elevator marked &quot;N&quot;). There are no elevator buttons inside the elevator itself.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	All right, I am a bit prejudiced here. First time I have been here for a while, but it has always been one of my favorite hotels and certainly my preferred hotel and location in New York. Intimate and cosy it is not - this is a big international hotel set up to deal with the masses and the hustle and bustle of Times Square is either to your liking or not.I have always liked the atrium which goes up 30 floors or so from reception. The lifts only take a few seconds for the trip and the glass bubble ones are better than most fairground rides but not, I suspect, if you suffer from vertigo. When I used to come you could wait half an hour for a lift, but they seem to have sorted that out with a new computerised routing system. The galleries around each floor used to be open, but have rather been spoiled by the addition of metal guards - this was apparently necessary after three people jumped in the space of 20 months which must have upset the diners at the bottom somewhat.There is a revolving restaurant up top which is great for Sunday brunch. Apart from that there is no shortage of venues to eat and drink in both inside and out of the hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, with large safes. No robe, slippers or mini bar though which seems odd. $16.95 a day for the internet is over the top.Not a cheap hotel, but if you can get a deal I would recommend the experience.	
Mar 30 2009 	Location Location Location	My first time to NYC and the location of this hotel is one of the best. We were able to walk ANYWHERE from this location. In the long weekend we walked to Central Park and Grand Central Station and it was not that far at all. The prices were quite high for everything but that was expected in NYC. Loved the hotel and the location...well, it was fantastic. The elevators can be a bit annoying if you have height issues! :-)	
Mar 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel Fantastic location - look forward to returning!!	This hotel was excellent and centrally situated in Times Square in the hussle and bustle, we requested a room on a high floor and was given a room on the 39th Floor - which was perfect as there wasn't any traffic noise. We went with my17 yr old daughter and the room which overlooked Times Square was of good size with 2 double beds which had memory foam mattresses, ideal for a relaxing nights sleep after a busy day of sightseeing!! I had read in previous reviews negative comments on the reception area being busy etc., .....well yes it was busy but this is a massive hotel and to us just added to the atmosphere, staff were never tool busy to be helpful :) We didn't eat at the hotel as we wanted to experience the &quot;real&quot; New York which was fab, there are plenty of &quot;Diners&quot; all within close proximity of the hotel. worthy of note is that the price shown on the menu will undoubtly when you get to the till be plus tax......something we found annoying, but will remember for next time! They do also expect tips and one waiter even called out after us that service was not included and were we leaving him something, we took this in good humour but can be very heavily focused on &quot;tipping&quot; . We did endulge ourselves at the hotel, by going up to the 48th Floor to &quot;The View&quot; which is has a revolving restaurant/bar which offers stunning views over New York.....We went in the evening when the city is all lit up, It is expensive to drink/eat here, but it is worth it to take in the breathtaking scenery, so DO allow $30 dollars for this experience (2 cokes and one cocktail) :) We could not fault the hotel or the staff. At all times whilst walking around Times Square (and the rest of New York) at night with my daughter we never felt intimidated or nervous...... We did all the usual touristy things.......Including Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty Island visit - did you know that if you can't afford do the Statute of Liberty Crusie/trip to the island you can catch the Statton Island ferry for free, this offers good views of the Statue of Liberty and Island, so for those on a budget do this :) We did not go for the shopping although we did buy a few clothes, it wasn't that cheap as the £ &amp; $ was not too different when we went,. We flew with Virgin Airways from Heathrow and it was on time both ways and the food/onboard entertainment was excellent - I would definately recommend and use Virgin and visit the Hotel Marquis again. We choose to go from JFK Airport to the hotel by yellow cab, this cost us $50 each way. If you want a holiday/break that will offer an excellent location and clean comfortable rooms......you will not go wrong with the Marriott Marquis we would definately stay here again - please feel free to ask any questions should you wish.	
Mar 26 2009 	Best hotel in Times Square	This hotel is the best-located hotel in Times Square. Many rooms are available that overlook Times Square and they are up to the usual modern Marriott room standards. We stayed here for a weekend with the kids and they loved the view of Times Square. Upon exiting the hotel, you are in the middle of Times Square and the theater district, unlike some hotels which claim &quot;Times Square&quot; locations but are actually a block or two away. The check-in process was quick, although a large hotel like this could probably see check-in overwhelmed by a large surge on other days. Our room was clean and in generally good shape. The beds were comfortable and the furniture and decor were standard &quot;modern Marriott.&quot; The weekend rate for a hotel in this location was reasonable for New York, but by no means a bargain. If you value location over price, it is worth paying a little more to be here. This is a large hotel and one should not expect personalized service, but we found the staff to friendly and courteous. Also, we got a very quick response to a request for a toothbrush kit when we realized we'd forgotten our son's. This hotel also has a great excercise room which overlooks Times Square and two Starbucks cafes for those who need their lattes. They also have parking, but be prepared to pay Motel 6 room rates just to store your vehicle.The hotel restaurants looked tempting, but frankly, with all the restaurants in Manhattan, I'd look elsewhere for food. Our favorites included Kang Suh for Korean barbecue and the nearby John's Pizza if you want some simple lunch fare for the family.	
Mar 26 2009 	The Location to beat all Locations!!	Myself and a friend stayed in a twin double room from March 15th to March 20th. We were over in NYC for the annual pilgrimage for St. Patricks Day. Having stayed in the Pennsylvania (big mistake), the Wolcott (not bad, but to far away from Times Square), and the Milford Plaza (basic, but great location), the Marriott was by far the best. From the very start when we checked in with Christina, who gave us a room overlooking Times Square, to the super cool elevators, (don't believe the previous reviews about them being slow), to the housekeeping staff, everything was perfect. As we do all our drinking in the Pig &amp; Whistle right across the Square on 47th St, it couldn't have been better. It's a good Pub for food, drink, and most of all the friendly staff. Elaine, Kieran, Brendan, etc. Thanks to the Marriott for making it all so hassle free. See you next March.....	
Mar 11 2009 	Overpriced Garbage - go somewhere else.	For the price you're paying there are much better hotels very near by. The service is slow, the staff were rude and the food tastless and overpriced. I was there on business and found I just left the hotel to go elsewhere with clients. The hi-speed was slow and unreliable and I had to pay twice - once for the room and once in the lobby - RIP OFF!	
Mar 11 2009 	fantastic location	Brilliant location - right in centre of Times Sq. We had paid extra for room upgrade - 2 queen beds so room was large and comfortable with side view of Times Sq. Friendly staff, Broadway Lounge had fab views over Times Sq. Only slight niggle was lack of toiletries supplied - no shower/bath gel or shower cap.	
Mar 10 2009 	Comfortable beds great location busy busy busy!	The Marriott Marquis is located conveniently in the heart of Times Square. We had a great view of all the madness in Times Square from our 34th floor window. Pros: Comfortable beds, large rooms (compared to most NYC hotels), convenient to public transit and theatre district. The fitness room was awesome, with a dozen treadmills facing wall to wall windows looking out onto Times Square.Cons: Wi-fi is not complimentary, it's something like $17/day! The elevators are always busy due to the large size of the hotel, and sometimes there's a lengthy wait.	
Mar 9 2009 	Amazing Marriott Marquis	I stayed in the Marriott Marquis with a friend for 5 nights in February and it was brilliant! The hotel doesn't look like much from the outside amidst the bright lights of Times Square but once inside this enormous hotel you'll be very impressed! The lift system is brilliant and makes alot of sense and we were never waiting more than 2 or 3 minutes for a lift. Check in was swift, although the guy at the desk wasn't listening to a word I said and despite telling him that we were paying cash, he swiped my card and then didn't tell me he was putting an authorisation of €185 on it incase of any charges incurred because you pay on arrival. Apart from that, it was fine and we were given our keys and room number. Our room was HUGE! It was a normal guest room with a view of the river. We had two double beds and a huge flatscreen tv, with alot of great channels. The room was extremely generous and I was very impressed having stayed in other NY hotels and paid more for a room half the size. The bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! I was devestated checking out, I would kill for a bed like that at home and it was so spacious!! The rooms were cleaned everyday and towels were changed whenever we needed them. The only downside was no minibar or refridgerator but we just kept the ice bucket filled and it was fine! Breakfast was included on three mornings of our package and it was so tasty. A great selection and the staff were really friendly. Food in general in the hotel was really good. A little pricey but I couldn't fault it because it was really tasty. Try the nachos in the Broadway Lounge!!The hotel is ideally located and within walking distance to everthing! If you dont feel like walking, step outside and you'll get a taxi straight away. I had a great stay at the Marriott Marquis and would definitely stay there on my next visit to the City (even if its just for the beds!!).	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Location...Great Hotel	My husband and I just returned today from a wonderful stay at this hotel. We used Marriot points to get our room and at first was a bit hesitant on what type of room we would receive. We knew it would probably just be a basic one. Well, when we got there, we received great service from everyone. We were able to check in early and put all our stuff in our room and freshen up. They gave us a room on the 42nd floor! You know in NY the higher the better and we were pretty impressed. The room was very clean and stylish. Huge flat screen TV! Our favorite was how comfy the beds were. Your body melted right into the bed. Plenty of pillows and very comfortable sheets and blankets. The hotel is situated directly in Times square. Smack dab in the middle of everything! It had plenty of coffee shops, gift shops, staff and restaurants, Would highly recommend it.	
Mar 1 2009 	One little thing that bothered me..	This hotel was gorgeou and fun, but upon pulling up, we were told that their valet parking was full, and &quot;to try across the street.&quot; After an agitated response, the valet told us that &quot;they had moved a few cars&quot; ([--]) and we could &quot;squeeze&quot; in. DON'T FALL FOR IT! If they say it's full, they really mean they want to trick their gullible customers into parking across the street.	
Feb 26 2009 	Good location but the Hotel does not live up to the Marriot Name	Over all we had a good stay. But there were a few things about the Hotel that I did not care for. Since it's a conference center it always seemed busy and crowded. One afternoon it took us 10 minutes to reach the street from our room, most of that was waiting for an elevator. Also the Hotel bar staff seemed easily excitable and overworked. Oh and get this… the bar closed at 1am on a Saturday night! 1am in the City that doesn't sleep LOLIf you want to stay right in time square and don't mind waiting for everything because this place is VERY busy... an elevator, drink at the bar or picking up your car then it's a good choice. Next time I will stay somewhere a bit quieter.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great views fun elevator wonderful concierge and lush bars...	We stayed at the Marriot Marquis for 4 nights in mid February and had an absolutely wonderful stay. We did have the same problem as the review below - we got 2 sets of tea/coffee/glasses even though there were 3 of us.At check in, we asked for a room with a view but we were told there were none left. With a little persuasion however the receptionist gave us a fantastic room on the 42nd floor. Pulling back the curtains with a great room overlooking times square was a highlight of our trip!The beds are great, the room was cleaned well, and we were supplied with great toiletries. There is also a large HD TV which is great! There is very little noise inside the room and you can pull back the curtains so the bright lights of new york don't enter the room at night...The View Restaurant is a must - even if just for a quick glass of wine. Its a very romantic and special atmosphere.The Lounge on the 8th floor, a piano bar with brilliant views of times square is an added bonus, particularly for those who don't get a room with the best view. The floor has the lobby, concierge, starbucks, theatre shop, gift shop, sushi bar, restaurant and coffee lounge.The lifts - well, judge these for yourself (look at them on youtube). They are BRILLIANT fun, quick and easy to use (although can be a bit slow when people are returning to their rooms around tea time. You can see the gym from the lifts, which looks great fun if you have time to use them! Would not recommend them for people who don't like heights although they do have lifts without a view...but you might feel dizzy on your floor as you can look very high up or right down to the lobby.Will definately return, there is nowhere else I'd rather stay that midtown manhattan in times square where you can get the tube anywhere easily.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location	This is a great location in the heart of times square. The hotel staff were helpful &amp; friendly, we were able to check in at 12 instead of 3 &amp; were provided with maps &amp; directions to places we wanted to visit.It's very busy &amp; there are always lots of people coming &amp; going both inside &amp; out but never heard any noise in our room.Housekeeping staff were a bit hostile - there were 3 of us in a room &amp; they kept only leaving enough tea, coffee, cups &amp; glasses for 2 even though they clearly knew there were 3 of us as they left us 3 towels; so we left a nice polite, friendly note asking for 3 sets of tea &amp; coffee - we came back to see they'd been thrown in the corner on the floor!! Apart from that, the experience was great &amp; i'd recommend a visit to the View revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel. Very expensive but very nice.	
Feb 22 2009 	Very nice hotel...great location helpful staff.	Had a great stay. Beautiful room, looking over Times Square. Lots of theatre &amp; shopping around. Staff very courteous &amp; helpful.Here on a business conference and really enjoyed the stay.The beds were UNREAL. Probably the BEST bed I have EVER slept in.	
Feb 16 2009	'The Little Mermaid'- Broadway adventure	My daughter, daughter in-law, grandkids and I stayed Jan 2009 at this hotel. We were going to see ‘The Little Mermaid’, which my daughter loved when she was a girl. I thought it would be fun for the grandkids but I wasn’t prepared for how incredible the show would be for adults too! If you like creative and bold Broadway shows with great tunes, don’t rule this one out thinking it is only a kid’s show. Since we were traveling with young kids, I liked that this Marriott was so close to the Lunt-Fontaine theatre but expected noisy and tight quarters. When we arrived, I asked if the rooms had a nice view. The person at check-in replied, in the nicest of ways, sorry but no. Our rooms did have a good enough view of the corner of 46 and Broadway for it to be exiting. The beds were perfectly comfortable; the room was clean and plenty quiet at night. The location could not be beat, especially when you are traveling with young kids. The grandkids were delighted and even at the young ages of five and eight, this was so much fun that I think they may hold onto the memory.	
Feb 11 2009 	Loved the Marriott Marquis Times Square	We had a wonderful experience staying at the Marriot on Times Square. It's the place to stay to be convenient to everything. We did not have to wait on elevators, the staff was friendly and always helpful, the room was clean and the linens and the bed were absolutely wonderful. We had a five star experience and if we ever go back, that's where we'll stay!	
Feb 10 2009 	A number one	There's a lot to be said for paying that little bit extra just to be sure you are getting quality and thats just what we did here given it was our first time in New York. The hotel itself is perfectly located overlooking times square and oozes style and sophistication with a constant buzz of business and social guests alike. The check in and check out was by far the most efficient i've ever experienced and given we were checking in at friday afternoon thats a major plus. The staff were helpful and had no problem with a late check out on the monday once we let them know in advance. A stones throw from all the shows and a hop skip and jump from the subway this is the ideal hotel for those who like their little bit of comfort yet want to be in the heart of the action,	
Feb 10 2009 	Really nice hotel!	First of all, this must be the hotel with the best location in NYC. Its right in the middle of Times Sqaure, with really nice views. We had a regular guest room, with a view over Times Square. Our room was located on the 25th floor. The room itself was really nice, especially the furnitures and beds. The bathroom had seen its better days, and was quite worn.We stayed for 5 nights, and always experienced the staff as very proffesional, and friendly.We payed about 350$per/night, for 3 ppl in the room. I found that quite expensive, but it was the best we could at at that period.Would definitly recommend the Marriott Marquis!	
Feb 9 2009 	Marriott Marquis--great place for Times Square and theatre district	We just spent a weekend in NYC, stayed at the Marquis for 2 nights. This is our 2nd time staying at the Marquis and we love everything about it. We are family with young kids and quite concered with all aspects of a hotel, especially location, cleaningness. We had a deluxe guest room with 2 double beds. Things liked best:--location. Absolutely best location for all the action and excitement at Times Square:*TKS booth right in the front of the hotel, where we bought tickets for The Phantom of the Opera at 5)% off. Long lines for the tickets but well worth it for the savings.*Walgreens within walking distance. We bought water, snacks there after check in.* tons of restaurants/pharmacies/bakeries for every budget on 7th Ave and Times Square. Our fav is Cranberry Deli and Cafe on 45th between 6 and 7 ave. Great varieties. We ate there for breakfast and dinner. Buffets for hot/cold/veg, fruits are $7.5/lb. Their 2nd floor dinning room has a huge flat screen tv, never crowded while we ate there. Also ate lunch at a Mexican restruant (forgot the name already) next to Times Square Deli Cafe at 45th W. The server brought warm tortilla chips with sausa while we were looking at the menus. Great food at good prices. We spent $88.90 for 3 adults, 2 hungry teenagers, and 2 little kids.--rooms. The room is good sized, clean, with views of the city. Bathroom has granite counter, nice fluffy towels, large mirror. Bed are very comfortable, nice sheets, down feather pillows.--8th floor at the Marquis is for check in. Our check in check out is effortless. Front desk people are nice and courteous. --Atrium at 8th floor. Best place to sit down and relax. Large sitting areas with shops around (Starbucks, etc), and clean restrooms (important for those little ones who always announce their urgency unexpectedly).Things disliked:--almost none...except our call requesting for extra towels was answered but not fulfilled.--bathroom exhaust fan not working, so mirror got frosty soon when we start showers. Later we simply left the bathroom door open so we could see in the mirror when brushing teeth.Overalll we had a great time again in NYC staying at the Marquis again. We bought the all-around hop-on hop-off double decker bus tours. Absolutely best value to see Mannhattan. It also includes the Circle Line cruise ($5 taxi ride from TD) which we got on at 10 am. ...got to see where the airplane landed in the Hudson river a few weeks ago....not far from the pier at all. One more thing: we went to Hell's Kitchen Flea market on Sun..not worth it....just my personal opinion. it's a $4.5 taxi ride from Marquis because our littke ones didn't feel like walking. There're not many vendors that day (and it's a sping like 56F Feb morning). Things are overpriced even to a bargainer like me. i.g. beat up old matchbox/hot wheel toy cars are $5 for 2 !!! My son happens to be a collector of them..and I've been buying them for years. They are $1 each if bought brand new and less than that if you buy them in sets. You got the idea. I did manage to buy some nice scarfs and hats/gloves for everyone in the family. That's it folks. Thanks for reading.	
Feb 9 2009 	great room wonderful staff convenient location guest friendly	Everything about our stay exceeded our expectations. We arrived 3 hours before check in time and not only was a room ready but we were given an upgrade to a huge, corner room on a higher floor with great views extending to the Hudson river. The room was very quiet, comfortable and clean. The location is excellent - central, easy to commute and of course ideal for theater going and dining. On the day of our departure, my husband got a severe migraine and to accommodate his needs we were allowed a 3 hour late check out time which helped his recovery. All this, extended in a friendly manner which made our experience very positive. We will definitely be back and recommend it to others.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great hotelGreat time!	Stayed for one night Feb 7 to Feb 8. The hotel staff couldn't have been friendlier despite having so many people to service being a huge hotel. As far as location, it can't get much better. I enjoyed staying in the heart of Times Square with all of its sights and endless energy. The only downer was the price for parking.. Expensive for my liking but what are you going to do. We were within walking distance of the August Wilson theater where we saw Jersey Boys. Great play by the way! We also walked over to Trattoria Trecolori where we had a great italian dinner.The bottom line is if you are looking for a high quality hotel in NYC, look no further than the Marriot. We are already planning on going back!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Honeymoon in NYC	A wonderful 6 night stay at The Marriott Marquis. A fantastic location - you walk out onto Times Square! Great sized rooms with awesome views of either times square or the hudson river. The most comfortable beds we have EVER slept in! Great concierge staff for such a large hotel and every type of eaterie you could think of (starbucks, bars, restaurantsm lounges and shops). TIP: definitely try the dessert buffet at The View Lounge - the view from the window seats in this revolving bar/restaurant is amazing and well worth the £15 per head with as many desserts as you can eat.We never had a problem with lifts, you sometimes have to wait a minute or so for one to come along but even on new year's eve we were never frustrated by this as the 'in the heart of it' location more than makes up for any wait at the lift shaft!!The only down that we can possibly think of if we are being really picky is that we only got one breakfast teabag per day - but when we asked for some, half a bag full was bought up to our room - they obviously didnt realise the importance of a good cup of tea on a freezing cold January morning!	
Feb 3 2009	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel and the location is fantastic.The staff in the hotel were so friendly. There's a choice of restaurants in the hotel. The revolving restauraunt on the top floor is expensive, but the view is amazing in the evening time. Overall, I would say this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Will definitely be staying here again and would highly recommend it.	
Jan 30 2009	Fantastic Location	Really enjoyed my stay in this hotel. My family and I, two young children, loved this hotel. The elevators were great, handled the mass of people very well (weekend before x-mas, was very crowded). Check-in was efficient. Room was ready early (and there was a luggage storage options if it wasn't). And you can’t really improve on the location if you want to stay in or near Times Square. Literally right IN Times Square. Room was clean and spacious. Great view of times square. Bathroom was nice and clean. You do pay for this convenience and nice room/location. But there is something to be said for walking out of your hotel into the middle of Times Square, avoiding taxi’s and driving and having everything within a few blocks. Overall a great experience and hotel.	
Jan 26 2009 	This is my new NYC favorite hotel	I travel to NYC quite often and have stayed at quite a few hotels...the Marriott Marquis is now my favorite...its located right in Times Square, which is central to all the NYC nightlife. I make it a point to see a Broadway show whenever I stay in NYC and this hotel couldn't be more convenient. The lobby is on the 8th floor - away from the busy-ness of Times Square. The rooms are spacious and clean, the hotel is well kept and it has the best concierge floor ...a great place to wind down after business meetings and the breakfast is the best! All the Broadway theatres are within walking distance and I've never had a bad meal in any of the wonderful 8th street restaurants...the waitstaff is used to diners who must watch the time in order to catch a show. This is my new NYC &quot;home away from home!&quot;.	
Jan 23 2009 	Christmas Lights in New York	This visit was our first to New York. My wife and I were there to see the sights and the Christmas lights. We arrived early, 9:30 am, and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready. The room was a good size and nicely decorated. The room was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. The best feature of the Marquis is the location. It is right in the middle of the action. It is an easy walk to the Rockerfeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Carnegie Hall, Museum of Modern Art, and all of the theaters. When we checked out, we put our bags in storage and did some sight seeing before catching a late flight. When it was time to go, the bellboys quickly retrieved our bags and got us a cab to the airport.In other reviews I saw complaints about the wait time for elevators. We thought that elevator system was excellent. You press the button for your floor and the control assigns you an elevator. For the first 3 days of our stay the the elevator was there almost immediately. Our last day was Saturday and the hotel seemed to be busier. You could wait 2-3 minutes for an elevator. The only complaint that we had was the billing. We booked the room in September and the charges went on the credit card immediately. The charge was over $70 more than the cost of the stay. It seemed bad enough to charge for the rooms in advance without adding other charges.The Marquis is expensive but it is a great place to stay on Broadway.	
Jan 21 2009 	Fantastic stay at well organized hotel	However already some time ago (april/may 2008), we still have truly good memories of this mega-sized hotel right in the heart of broadway/46th. On the day of arrival weather conditions were poor and we therefore opted for the choice of our room on a rather low level (12th floor, but facing TSQ, what a surpise) instead of the 40th overlooking the river. We couldnot have chosen better and had wonderful sights (day en nighttime obviously). We experienced all over helpful staff, friendly assistance at all times and can recommend this efficient hotel to anybody visiting the big apple although cleaning is below expectation (hair and pieces of torn paper). An absolute must- and this is an understatement - is &quot;'The View&quot; rotating restaurant at the almost top floor with absolutely spectacular views, swift and friendly service during the buffet (lovely, wide range an absolutely top quality all the way!!!!!!), it made us come back 2 times more! We were overwhelmed and for sure impressed which is why we won't stop visiting this brilliant, vibrating, surprising city that never sleeps..... It must be said that in this part of Manhattan we felt a lot safer at many times instead of in various Dutch cities i.e. Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Utrecht. Need we say more? Go go, go!!! Have fun and have the time of your life!!!!!	
Jan 11 2009	Marriott Marquis could used better security.	Stayed there last night after seeing Billy Elliott. We had a large, clean room with 2 double beds on the 32d floor. It was pricey but we chose to pay for the proximity to the theatre. One major problem. After the show, we planned to order room service dessert but then decided to go to Juniors for cheesecake. It was almost midnight. When we left our room at around 11:45 pm, there was a garishly dressed young woman standing by a door a few rooms away from our room, talking on her cell phone. As we left, she knocked on a door and did not get an answer, which made her agitated as she continued to speak on the phone. As we walked past her, my companion looked back. The apparent escort then screamed a slew of profanities towards us. Later we decided to call a hotel manager; we were concerned that our personal security was compromised. My companion called the front desk when we returned. There was no manager available to talk to her. She noted the lack of security, the inappropriateness of the hotel allowing obvious prostitutes to knock on doors at the hotel. The operator did not apologize or call a manager but promised to follow up on the matter. Nobody ever contacted us. We are not prudish and could care less if someone hires a hooker for his room as long as it is handled discreetly. However, it is not appropriate for a hotel such as the Marriott Marquis, to allow such potentially dangerous interactions and to not respond to our concerns. Thanks.	
Jan 8 2009 	Bed Bugs!	Our stay at this hotel was unfortunately ruined by the bed bug infestation in our room! As soon as we left the hotel the bites ceased. It was a pity as the hotel has alot going for it. The lifts are FANTASTIC and not an issue at all. The reception staff are courteous and polite. The gym was the best hotel gym we have ever been in with a view of Times Square. The bed was comfortable. Rooms HUGE. Bed bugs spoiled our stay. Will definitely NOT be returning. A pity.	
Jan 6 2009 	Perfect Location!	This hotel was fantastic. I was a little concerned by some of the other reviews before booking, considering we were using a very large amount of points to stay for New Year's. We arrived on Tues. Dec. 30, to wonderful and quick check in, and an upgraded room that overlooked Times Square that we requested upon booking. We were not disappointed. Yes, the hotel is quite large, and the lift system could be intimidating, but actually very easy. This was most likely the busiest time being New Year's and we had no trouble whatsoever with waiting for elevators. Even after the ball dropped it only took 15-20 min. to get back into our room. The hotel itself is in the best location. It is within walking distance to everything, and we walked, and walked, and walked until we saw it all. I would not recommend taking kids on a New York City trip, but if you did, you would find plenty for them to do near this hotel. The giant Toysrus across the street alone would provide hours of entertainment with the giant ferris wheel and walk in barbie house. You can be at Rockefeller center in minutes and we even braved the Subway which was way easier than I ever anticipated. Overall the location could not be beat, and the service was excellent. We were comped free breakfast in the hotel restaurant every morning ($70 every day) and the staff were above and beyond helpful with directions, mapping out every detail for us to get from point a to b, and making reservations at whatever our request was. The hotel was very clean, and housekeeping was great adhering to our schedule each day. Had a great and exhausting time trying to see it all. Thank goodness our home base was Times Square. Oh and the best part is you are directly across from ABC studio where they tape Good Morning America, so you can get up and walk across the street and see yourself on TV. Too funny. Enjoy!	
Jan 5 2009 	Great hotel in the heart of it all!	We stayed at the Marriott from Jan 2-3, 2009. This was a perfect hotel for us. It was our first visit to New York, so we wanted to stay central and near everything. This hotel was perfect for us. When we arrived, they upgraded us to a Times Square view with no extra charge! Fabulous. We had a king sized bed that was VERY comfortable. We were on the 27th floor. They wished my husband a happy birthday on check in since I mentioned it in the comments when booking. It was a nice touch. We also purchased a $40 birthday surprise. I added a picture of what this included. We loved the elevators and had absolutely no wait problems with them. All the staff was courteous and helpful to find our way around New York. The subway entrance is very close and convenient. Shopping and Broadway theatres are right outside the doors. The view lounge is perfect for people watching Times Square while keeping warm. Everything to us looked newly remodeled. When we closed our curtains, we had no problem with the lights from Times Square. We couldn't hear any noise unless a vehicle with a siren went near our hotel. I will stay here again when visiting New York! Easy to get a cab when leaving.	
Jan 2 2009 	A Big Apple Letdown	As a platinum Marriott card holder I expected this hotel and service to be great. It wasn't. It is over sized and makes you feel like you are in Las Vegas (not the good parts), the lift system means long waits and they are often full when they do arrive. The corridors were dirty with bags of rubbish and laundry left for more than 5 hours on most days. Having paid $500+ a night, the view was poor from the room and the window small, the bathroom in poor condition. Some of the staff were excellent thankfully but overall this is not someone I would stay. If you don't stay in many hotels this will be fine, but a seasoned travel will find this place nothing less than annoying and disappointing.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great location but that's about it...	As others have noted, this hotel is in the center of the center in New York City. Located at 7th Avenue and 45th street, you can't get much more convenient to Times Square. However, the MAJOR drawback to this hotel is the elevator system. Granted, with 1,892 rooms in a hotel which encompasses an entire city block, moving people around the hotel is a challenge, to be sure. My wife and I routinely waited 10+ minutes for an elevator at peak times, and close to the same amount of time at all other times. Guests enter their destination floor on a keypad, whose computer system then directs the guest to a particular elevator. In theory, I suppose this is used to consolidate trips, and therefore expedite travel, but in our experience it doesn't seem to work all that effectively. Based on the extreme challenge of easily getting to and from our room in this system, coupled with the fact that street level is 8 floors below the check-in/restaurant/shops level, my wife and I will find another Marriott property in the city to stay at the next time we visit. Even the 1st rate location is not enough to overcome the poor internal transit system, in our opinion.	
Dec 24 2008 	Brilliant!!!	Loved everything about this hotel. Fantastic location right in the heart of Times Square. Rooms very spacious and luxurious with plasma HD TV, I-pod speakers, unbelievable view of Manhattan, huge bed etc. Would go back in a flash. Even the lifts are wicked and the revolving restaurant at the top is worth the expense.Very very impressed and will be back next time!!	
Dec 21 2008 	Location - great. Staff attitude - disappointing.	We stayed for 4 nights at the Marriott Marquis Times Square for 4 nights in Dec 08 for a few days away for my grilfriend's birthday. The hotel is ideally located right in the heart of times square - and you really feel like you are at the centre of the earth staying here. It was especially good for us as we were only staying in NYC for a few days and did not have a great deal of time to be finding our bearings. With so much to see and do in NYC it was really good to be at the heart of it.The hotel is very impressive, a typically giant US hotel. However, the staff were very impersonal and on several occasions disappointed us. On reception they could be quite blunt if they were busy doing something and you approached them. We had a problem on check in whereby they actually checked us into a room where there were already some other people's bags in the room! We went straight back downstairs and the lady corrected the checkin and put us in another room, although the view was out the back of the hotel and not looking onto times square as the previous one had been. I pointed out to the lady that having seen the previous room we would like to see if she could find us one with a similar view, and she did. However, the next day we found that our new room had a leak in the bathroom ceiling caused by the torrential rain. We asked maintenance to come and take a look and left them sorting it out as we headed out for the afternoon. I asked them to update reception as to whether we would need to move rooms. Upon our return I asked the guy on reception what the outcome was and he quite abruptly just responded ' ID please' to look up our room details. Then without any conversation or explanation he simply started tapping away on screen and handed us some new entry cards for a new room - no explanation or apology offered, seemingly unaware that this would represent an inconvenience to us. As he had said practically nothing throughout the exchange I made a point of asking 'So we'll need to change rooms then?', but he did not take this opportunity to apologise and simply said yes. So i then said, 'so we'll need to move all our stuff then?' at which point he realised we weren't happy and offered to send some assistance. I told him not to bother himself and walked off.Overall I would say the location is excellent and the rooms generally pretty nice, and from what I gather a good size for NYC. For this reason, I would probably recommend the Marriott Marquis. However, our experiences with the staff did not meet the expectations we had given the price of staying here, and did not go the extra mile when we had problems.	
Dec 11 2008 	pick-up the discarded room service carts and trash	I have stayed at the Marriott a number of times and for the first time I have been dissatisfied. My first concern is: food service carts left in the hallway for more than 24 hrs, broken glass in the hallway, trash thru-out the hotel. For the amount of money spent for a room I would expect nothing but the best. I must say that the young woman who helped hail a cab and load our luggage was exceptional. I will look for other hotels upon my next visit..	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Place	We stayed at this hotel for one night in summer 2008 and I have to say that it was interesting. Very busy place!!! We arrived by car. You need to go around 1 block to get to the main Lobby. From the moment we arrived we were taking care of well by the hotel's staff. Tipping you must but do not go crazy. Everyone was very nice to us and extremely helpful. Awesome - American breakfast.	
Dec 7 2008 	Not what I expected	The view was GREAT! The room lacked.... One of the tiles in tiles in the bathroom shower was broken and the room just looked old. I expected more for $600 a night, but I guess I paid for location and the view!	
Dec 7 2008 	Center of it all	The Marriott Marquis is an attraction within itself in the middle of Times Square in Manhattan. My first visit to the hotel, it was quite overwhelming with almost 2000 rooms and the elevators that you enter after you chose your floor. The amount of meeting space at the Marquis is absolutely huge, considering that it's in Manhattan. There's ALWAYS something going on: morning, daytime, evening. I've stayed at a lot of hotels in the past, and the lobby being on the 8th floor is a small hassle, since the elevators take forever to arrive to the lobby, and the escalators even longer. The staff is very friendly, and there are employees everywhere that are willing to help.My friends and I visit NYC frequently and love trying new hotels in the area, on all different scales. For this big box hotel, we were quite satisfied by the rate we paid, the service we received, and the location at the center of it all. Next time we stay in Times Square, we'll have to make it out to a Broadway show! I would definitely stay here again... try the Japanese sushi bar on the lobby floor!	
Dec 2 2008	Overcharging - Billing Hassles	I was a guest at a private event just before Thanksgiving week, and the banqueting team incorrectly charged my credit card $400 for another table's wine. Although they assured me the charge would be corrected and wouldn't appear on my credit card, indeed I was charged for it. I have spent the past two weeks lost in the quagmire of their service center, accounting and in-house events department - to no avail. I am STILL stuck with a false $400 charge on my credit card. No one is accepting accountability for the mistake, and no one seems to have the authority to correct the error. Meanwhile, the Marriott is lining its pockets with the difference.If not for this billing SNAFU, it would have been an expensive but overall pleasant experience. But this mistake, their inability to correct it, and the labrynth of automated phone conversations (&quot;Press 1 to be connected to...&quot;) and well-meaning but ill-equipped off-site service centers is simply unacceptable.	
Nov 30 2008 	An Overly Priced Bar With Unfriendly and Rushed Service	I am writing my review based on my experience of the Broadway Lounge at the hotel lobby:We sat down with a nice table overlooking Times Square. We wanted to order some coffee (I wanted to go for a Martini but it was too early for one) and something quick to eat. The ambiance of the hotel lobby and bar is very nice, clean, airy and I was very impressed with how nice everything look... but that's just the only good thing that this place has.After waiting for over 15 minutes and seeing one waiter running back and forth all over the place, I thought we had to order at the bar. As I started walking that way, the very rushed, unfriendly and sweaty waiter took our order and left. We ordered to cafe lattes and an order of the chicken quesadilla.About 10 minutes later, we got our lattes and about 5 minutes later the quesadilla. I do have to say, the food was pretty good as well as the lattes. Mind you that the whole time we sat there with our coffees and empty water glasses, no one came over to check on us. Meanwhile, I did see a few servers standing by the bar area chatting away and even one of the managers walking around the restaurant but not really doing anything... hum...All of the sudden a crazy man that we saw earlier on the street singing to himself, found his way to the bar and now he is at the piano, playing it rather badly. Another one of the very unfriendly servers was talking to a patron and I asked her to come over and she yelled from 2 tables away: &quot;I will send you your server!&quot; I told her to come over and explained what it was. She left. A few minutes later, a security person removed the man from the piano but not escorted out. My friend actually ran into him in the bathroom (after the piano fiasco) talking to himself and screaming profanities.We left the bar but I am rather disappointed that the personnel here is so rushed, unfriendly, not following through with customers needs and just with a &quot;I don't care&quot; attitude. I have received better service at lower class places and if I am paying $30 for 2 coffees and a quesadilla, I do expect to receive service from someone who cares.	
Nov 28 2008	The Best Customer Service!!	We stayed here again for the 3rd or 4th time and once again it was amazing! I love this hotel!!! We travelled all night and arrived in the city at about 8:30am. We wanted to just check our bags with the bellman knowing that we would check in several hours later. But the man at the front desk let us check in at 9am!!!! We couldnt believe it. He was so nice and it was incredibly appreciated since we were exhausted. I love this hotel and recommend it to everyone!	
Nov 26 2008 	Sweet Hotel	Now being an employee of Marroitt Hotels in the UK we did recieve an employment discount, none the less the overall experiance @ the Marquis was fantastic.We had a room on the 37th floor (room 3721 iirc) which had to of been one of the best views of time square!!Before we booked this hotel we did read mixed reviews (majority of which told you not to stay here) however we took the gamble and had an awesome time and I thoroughly recommend it.You can not check in until 4pm each day. We stayed here from the 23rd to the 25th of Nov 2008 (3 22yr old friends in one room with 2 double/queen beds). There was a Q for check-in which took all of a few moments to clear and we then checked in with no hassle and was told what a fantastic view we had (he was not lying), left our bags with conciege (however you spell it) and went out into times square for a few hours.After arriving back around 5/6ish we collected our keys (no problems no qing) and went straight to our room and our bags were bought to our rooms within 20 minutes.Clean, comfortable, nice decor, excellant view, hassle free (no qing for lifts etc). We had a very spacious room, 42&quot; plasma, ipod player/alarm clock, ensuite, wardrobe, safe, hairdryer and a bog which was all very pleasent.This hotel can be very very very very busy espeically below floor 8 where check in is situated and qing for lifts on the round floor can take a long time (just take the escalators and get a lift from another floor if you want to).The cost of eating and drinking in the hotel is expensive and personally i think a normal person paying in excess of $500 a night here is ludacris but you are paying for the location fact!! We ate here once which was our last night after a weeks break which was at the 'VIEW RESTAURANT/BAR' which is the revolving bar @ the top of the hotel. The views are stunning and you have prices reflecting it a bottle of corona extra was $9 each (all be it we did have a few) and we also had the buffet which they do each night in the bar area which was $30 and very poor/basic e.g salads. Again you pay for the view.I could talk for ages about this hotel but i won't. Overall very good experaince and i suggest a high floor because there is a bit of noise the lower you are but the views are worth it.	
Nov 26 2008 	Great New York Location	This hotel, to me, was excellent! It was right in Time Square in the center of all the Broadway action. We really didn't have anything major planned for the weekend, so it was nice to be close so we didn't have far to look. It was an incredible busy hotel and lobby, but I didn't have to wait long to check in or for the elevators. Being so close to Thanksgiving I was worried about the crowds, but it wasn't bad. Our room was on the 43rd floor and the view was amazing, especially at night. The room was a nice size, especially for NYC, and it was warm and cozy on the freezing evenings to look out and watch the city. I would definitely stay here again when visiting the city!	
Nov 25 2008 	Big Disappointment - I'll never stay at a Marriott again!	My fiancee and I stayed here for a fun getaway but were so disappointed by mistakes made by staff at check-in, condition of the room, and customer service in general that it nearly ruined our weekend. We scheduled a 1PM check-in, arrived at 1:30 and found that the room would not be ready until 4 - regular check-in time! We settled our bill, left our bags and returned at 4:45 when we were supposed to be able to &quot;simply&quot; pick up our keys - only to find that the room was still not ready. Stephanie, at the desk, switched our room to another, but failed to mention that it had two double beds (later referred to as Queen-sized by staff, but I have a Queen at home and this is much smaller), not the King we had originally reserved - we would only find this out after waiting 45 additional minutes to get into the room! It took 20 minutes to get onto an elevator alone, and when we got there a housekeeping cart was blocking the entrance. The houskeeper told us it would be at least another 15-20 minutes, so I called the desk to ask how they could give us a room that's not ready? I spoke with Ralph, who said he would call the housekeeper to find out what the problem was. But honestly, how can you blame her? The desk should know when a room is ready for guests! To get another room would have taken too long, according to Ralph, so we waited in the hall, realizing that at this point we would have to cancel our dinner reservations and go straight to our 8PM show. When we did get into the room, that's when we realized it was not a King bed. Another futile call to the desk but there was nothing else available - the hotel was overbooked, actually. To compensate, the best they could offer was a free breakfast (which I didn't want, because we had a special place already picked out), and a call from the concierge to make new (after show) dinner reservations. The concierge, Zoe, did call me shortly thereafter to help make new reservations, (couldn't get into the other place at 10) but said she would check with the new restaurant and call me back. We waited in the room for 1/2 an hour but never recieved a call. We did get to enjoy the view at this point, complete with a dirty butt print in the center of our window!!!! Downstairs, after getting ready and never getting a call back, I went to the concierge desk and found that Zoe was on a break. Thankfully, Alejandra was able to quickly set us up with new reservations. After the show, Chez Josephine's, recommended by the hotel, was mediocre French food at best. The risotto was cruncy, the hangar steak was 3 slices of meat... I get better food at a diner in South Jersey - and for much less than $150/couple (that's with just 1 drink, not a bottle, by the way!) Back at the hotel we were finally able to get 2 free drinks at the rotating bar on the top floor for our troubles. Later, in our room the thin walls allowed us to enjoy the couple next door arguing from 3 to 5 AM. Also, with almost zero water pressure in the shower and a toilet that eats and spits back toiletpaper, rather than flushing it, it's a good thing we used up all our Marriott Rewards points (plus paid $200), because we'll never stay at another Marriott again. The last few times there was always an issue of some kind, and I'm tired of taking my chances.My advice: stay at the W if you want to be in the heart of the city, or go to the Rivington downtown for the same price and an absolutely exquisite room.	
Nov 14 2008 	Thoroughly Enjoyable	We returned this week from a wonderful stay in NYC at the Marriott Marquis. We received a reasonable (for NYC) rate from the hotel website. Upon checking in, I mentioned that we were celebrating my daughter's 21st birthday . We were assigned a room with a fantastic view over Duffy Square. The entire hotel appeared to have been recently renovated. The hotel staff provided excellent, friendly service. The new elevator system worked like a charm. We never waited more than a few seconds at the designated elevator.All in all, the hotel contributed to a magical visit to NYC that our daughter will always remember.	
Nov 13 2008 	Super expensive but good quality and service	I attended a conference at the Marriott Marquis and decided to stay there for the sake of convenience. Through the conference I got a rate of USD 439 for 4 nights and USD 479 for the 5th night. It is extremely expensive, but understandable due to the location: right on Times Square.The room was clean and comfortable; we even had a side view of Times Square. The conference facilities and lunch provided was excellent.I definitely recommend this hotel if you want to be in the middle of it all.	
Nov 7 2008 	Distinctly average but good location	We have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Marriott Marquis. The good thing about this hotel is the location in Time Square, which is a good central location to get around the sights. But the location alone does not warrant the $550 -$650 a night. The problem with this hotel is varied, namely the size of the hotel causes problems and long wait at the lifts. Having &quot;The View&quot; restaurant and Bar on the top of the hotel seems to draw coach loads of people to the lifts especially in the evenings, which gets like a rugby scrum and can take 10 minutes to get to your room from the ground floor. The concierge desk seemed to be having a personal challenge between them to get rid of customers as quickly as possible, No personal touch at all. The rooms are a good size, particularly for New York, but no Mini Bar and the glasses we used on the 1st night in the room were never replaced for the other 4 days we stayed. We eat in &quot;The View&quot; restaurant on the 1st evening of our stay, great view but food was ordinary and overpriced. My recommendation would be don't bother and get some decent food for 1/2 the price!In summary as a Marriott rewards gold holder I have stayed in lots of Marriott Hotels around America and in Europe and this is the worst one. Stay somewhere else and save yourself some money in the process.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is right in the middle of Times Square and right in the middle of ALL the action. The hotel is MASSIVE and can be overwhelming, but the staff is very friendly and helpful. The elevator system is very functional. The rooms were very nice. It is expensive, but it IS New York and it is in the middle of everything!	
Nov 2 2008	Wonderful hotel in the heart of New York	The Marriott Marquis is located in the heart of Times Square and is at the high end of Marriott's chain of accommodations and appointments. It is easily reached by subway or taxi, and entered through a breezeway beneath the hotel. Elevators lead up to the 8th floor where the main lobby is located (convention rooms fill the lower floors). The elevators are accessed by typing your destination on a master pad, which then directs you to an elevator that is programmed to take you to the floor. Efficient, but confusing to everyone looking for buttons to push.The staff at check-in is quick and efficient, although rooms were not available until 3 pm (people linger until noon before leaving). The room, on the 14th floor, was a corner room with a huge comfortable bed, large sitting area, and large bathroom. There weren't as many windows as might be expected, and there was a lot of wind noise. The room has a 'fridge, small mini-bar, flat-screen cable TV, and in-room coffee. There is wired internet access that keys to your computer, so if you have two machines in the room, you cant' swap the connection. The tub-shower is great, with good hot water and pressure.There are many good restaurants within easy walking distance, and convenience and package stores for drinks and snacks. &quot;Restaurant Row&quot; is a good destination for a wide variety of dining at reasonable prices, it is an easy two-block walk from the hotel. Many Broadway shows are similarly within a block or two, and the TKTS half-price office is just across the street at the center of Times Square.At checkout, allow a half hour for your bags to be transferred to the breezeway if you are ordering a cap. They take the bags in the lobby, and assume that you will linger before appearing to pick them up downstairs.This is a high-end property that is ideally located and appointed. The staff does a great job moving a large flow of people through the hotel, and is eager to help. Recommended!	
Oct 29 2008 	Nice hotel but busy location.	The hotel was very nice and it was in the middle of Times Square. I did like our room, double beds and a nice view. Didn't like the elevators and how much you have to pay for internet! The housekeeper always came early like 8AM. If I had to choose what hotel, I wouldn't stay here at all. It's always busy and the lobby is located on the 8th floor.	
Oct 26 2008 	One of the WORST we've stayed at	The Marriott Marquis is one of the worst hotels we've stayed at and does NOT justify the price at all! The room and bathroom were small and old. The shower did not work - all the water came out of the bath tap and not the shower head. It was only fixed after 2 requests. However this did not change the fact that there was no hot water during our stay.The sheets were dirty - it had blood stains on it the first night we got there!! The towels were also dirty - I found hairs on my bath towel (which by the way, is the mere size of two handtowels).The lights were also extremely annoying - there were no master light switch, so at night when you want to go to sleep - you'll have to manually switch off every single light in the room.Elevators were hopeless - had to wait for ages each time to get a lift.Great location - however don't stay here if you want quiet and peace.	
Oct 22 2008 	Loved this hotel	We loved this hotel. We had requested a king bed, but at check in were originally given a room with 2 double beds. As soon as I asked about a king bed, we were immediately moved into a room that had one. Our room was excellent. The location is fantastic and we had NO problems with the elevators at all. We found them to be very efficient. We never ate at any of the restaurants in the hotel, but did have a drink in the revolving one and really enjoyed the experience. Yes, it's expensive, but it's New York!	
Oct 22 2008	Fantastic - do not stay anywhere else in NYC	I took a chance and booked this on Priceline. What a great decision. This property is on Broadway between 45 and 46. That means right on Times Square. It is very large and very busy. However, there were hotel staff at every corner directing you where to go - helping with luggage etc. Truly it was the way hotels should be but rarely are anymore. It is 2 blocks from the subway which isn't too bad and the times Square station connects you with almost all subway lines. If you are headed to Manhattan you should try the Marriott. The regular room rate is around 400-500 but Priceline has rooms for about a third of that price.	
Oct 21 2008 	Location Location Location	This hotel isn't near Times Square, it IS Times Square. As others have reviewed, this hotel is massive and extremely busy, Just like NYC! We had a corner King on the 39th floor. The room, fitness center, and overall lobby and atrium appearance were excellent. Check in and check out were quick and efficient. Despite the size and activity, rooms were relaxing and quiet. You have access to everything at this location. Theaters, Tours, food, and public transportation. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Now for a total contradiction. I stayed here for free by cashing in some hard earned Marriott Reward Points. The Marquis was the same point total as some lesser marriott's in the area so it made sense. Would I spend $400-$500 a night of my money to stay here? The answer is no. There are some less expensive marriotts as well as other hotel's that would suffice just as well. It is impossible to stay anywhere in Manhattan and not be convenient to transportation, food, and some sort of vibrant area or activity. If budget is a concern don't be fixated on having to be in a specific area of manhattan, you can access everything fairly easily. Also, You'll spend very little time in the room anyway.	
Oct 20 2008 	My first trip to NYC - the Marquis helped make it great!	My boyfriend and I just returned from the Marriott Marquis last night and had a great stay! The purpose for our tirp to New York was that we attended Wine Spectator's California Wine Experience event which was taking place at the hotel - so for convenience sake - we decided to stay at the Marquis. Glad we did!Our check in took a little bit, but it was because we had requested a Times Square view but the only beds available were two double and my boyfriend and I wanted a king. So - we opted for a king room that was available immediately that overlooked Broadway. This room was great! We had the last room at the end of the hall (3224) king bed and a little sitting area with a sofa bed. Very roomy! The bath was small and it was a little tough for both of us to get ready there at the same time.The room look like it had been updated somewhat recently - at least with the furnishings, carpet and the bedding - but it was tired in a few areas. There was a large flat-panel TV that we never turned on and a desk and chair if you're doing a little work as well. I think they charge $17/day for the internet - which I think is a bit excessive - but that's just my opinion.The window was on the small side too, but we looked directly out at the Virgin store and just to the right is 1 Times Square where they drop the ball on New Year's Eve. Needless to say, we were happy with the room and stayed even after the front desk called to say they had a Times Square view become available.I suppose I should back up the bus a bit and say this hotel is HUGE! Something like 2000 rooms and you can tell that by going to the elevator bank where there are 15 elevators! Crazy! We never really waited all that long, but there were a couple of occasions where we were jammed into a elevator with too many people - I'm sure we looked like circus clowns getting out of a VW a few times...Anyway, the lobby is on the 8th floor and that's where you'll find a Starbucks, shopping and a restaurant and bar. There is the View bar at the top (or close?) of the hotel and it moves....ever so slowly...but there was a line of probably 30 people waiting and it seemed to be a big hit. We had a few nice drinks but didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. There is also another Starbuck's on the first floor as well.The first floor let's you out in every direction, so it's nice you don't have to walk around an entire block to go in/out. Everything and anything you can think of that you want to see is in walking distance (this IS New York - so bring your comfortable walking shoes!!!!!!) The Lion King theatre is across the street, as is the one that Katie Holmes is starring in now. There were tons of people hoping for a Mr. and Mrs. Cruise sighting - so be prepared for larger than average crowds in front of this theatre!If you go out the Broadway door, maybe you'll get to see the Naked Cowboy! This is where he hangs out (ew!) and there is always quite a crowd around him as well.A quick tip....We had purchased a New York Pass and did the hop on/hop off CitySights open top bus tour - which is a bit corny but it was really nice. We also did the Circle Line cruise to the Statue of Liberty - that was very cool. If you intend on spending a few days going to several sights, I do recommend buying a pass. Our three-day pass got us into several museums, the bus rides, the cruise and the Empire State building - all included in one price. It was very handy.Back to the hotel....They did a great job with Wine Specator event - we were amazed at how quickly they transformed the ballroom spaces. The staff was professional and friendly and it didn't seem like we were &quot;just another event&quot; - so kudos to everyone.Some people have mentioned how busy the hotel is or how busy the streets are by the hotel. Um, this is TIMES SQUARE! If you want a peaceful, boutique-y stay....go to Tribeca. If you want to walk out your door and be in the thick of things....the Marquis is a great base camp for what I'm sure will be a great New York experience!Happy Travels!LisaMinneapolis	
Oct 19 2008	If you want the buzz of NYC....stay here!	I've been to NY many times and nearly always stayed somewhere different. My favourite is probably the Waldorf Astoria but that went downhill after Hilton took over (although I understand it's now on the way back up). I found the Marquis on my very first stay whilst based at another hotel and back in those days the broadway lounge was a revolving bar. Today it's static, still with a great view, but I'll never understand why they introduced a revolving restaurant on the top floor of the hotel from which you can't actually see Times Square! I've recommended this hotel to friends and colleagues so I decided to give it a go myself this time and I have mixed feelings. It's in a great location and you really feel the buzz of NYC staying here. The rooms are modern and large which is another bonus in this town. They come with a coffee maker (also rare) and huge flat screen TVs. Good amenities and two Starbucks in the hotel plus a theatre ticket desk and even it's own theatre....so it pretty much has everything you need in shopping trip to the Big Apple. However, it's a massive hotel so it lacks character, the elevator system has been designed to cope (although some people don't like it, I thought it was fine) and, except for one concierge who was really helpful, the staff weren't that great. If you want the personal touch stay somewhere else but if you want bright lights, big city, this just might work for you.	
Oct 16 2008 	Unsafe Hotel. I can not recommend it.	The hotel is an excellent location, with great views from some of its rooms, but you can have this in other hotels in the area without have to stand in an overcrowed hotel, unpersonal and unsafe: anybody can use the elevators from the ground floor to the the rest of floors. As the reception is in the 8th floor, nobody check who is taking the elevators to go to the teather inside the bulding, to the restaurant in the higher floor or...to your own floor and room....It is a really unsafe place.Choose another hotel in the area	
Oct 12 2008 	Its sooo NYC!!	My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for 3 nights as the base for our shopping trip. We knew from previous trips that the location would be good but the whole experience was in fact excellent. Friendly staff, nice spacious room with 2 double beds guaranteed at time of booking. Good facilities withing hotel, including very good gym...if you have that much energy...good luck!Easy access to attractions, shops, ticket booth for Broadway shows and subway. An excellent all round stay.Would certainly use the hotel again.Only downside for us was that they wanted $30 per hour to keep your room on passed midday and I thought that was a bit excessive. So we just left the luggage with a very friendly bell boy and headed out for our final days holiday...no problems at all.	
Oct 10 2008 	Loved it! Clean and in the middle of Times Square!	I loved this hotel. I was debating others in area, but my mother kept telling me we should stay here to be right in Times Square. So glad we did! It's very large, but very easy to get around. The only thing I did not like was their elevator system. The rooms were super clean and the view was great. The Little Mermaid was right across street. Sushi bar in hotel.	
Oct 8 2008	Awesome Hotel	After many trips to New York City, I always wanted to stay at this property because of its great location. I was traveling to the Northeast and decided to spend one night in NYC. The only reason I had not ever booked this hotel conventionally was because of the price.I did however get an incredible rate through Priceline and was lucky enough to get this hotel for a one night stay.I was very excited to stay here and sometimes I set my expectations too high and I get let down. This was not the case!I checked in and requested a view of Times Square. (I'm sure everyone does!) The front desk clerk said it would be his pleasure and told me he would give me a view of where the ball drops on New Years Eve. He was not kidding!I had a magnificent view from a fairly low floor (I think the lower floor was best). The room was very modern and extremely clean. Everything in the hotel was very nice. Obviously, it is in the perfect location for exploring Times Square.My only complaint was that the bar closed too early! I tried to get a drink at 12:30AM and they had already given last call!!!	
Oct 7 2008 	An "Experience"	Alright, this hotel was very good in some ways, but bad in others. Lets start with the bad. The hotel is extremely large and seems to be an epicentre for what is going on in Times Square. If you like to be in the middle of things, this hotel is fantastic, but if not, it is very crowded. It can be near impossible to get a lift up to your room from the street level because of the hundreds of people trying to get to the times square shows under the hotel. With it being a large hotel, I was suprised to discover the lack of restauraunts. There was one marriott cafe that closed at 8:30 (NOT HELPFUL, especially after wanting as much time out in NY as possible) and an extremely over priced show case restauraunt on top of the hotel, that revolved around in useless circles so that you could see NY, but really you could see nothing. The food served there was probably worth a quarter of the price charged, and had EXTREMELY slow service, which the waiter gave me attitude about and blamed in on another large group. Needless to say, I am an Australian and am not used to leaving tips at the best of times, so this guy was not going well. After that &quot;experience&quot; I left a very small tip and never went back. Be careful as they try to pull the trick of putting an AUTOMATIC 18%!!!!!!! surcharge on the bill if u have more than 4 people. We had 5, so the $500 bill for the trash we ate went up t0 590. Rediculous! Moving on. Being a large hotel, service was lacking slightly, and it took a long time to get anything. Putting that aside, it was a top quality Marriott. The room I stayed in was newly furnished, with new TV and had a fantastic view over times square. Saying that, LOCATION LOCATION BABY!!!! This hotel is fantastc. Right in the middle of everything, walk out the door and Times Square just hits you. A great place. So, to wrap it up. A busy hotel, but to expected in Times Square, bad food in typical marriott fashion, but a irreplacable location and a great room. It definately was an experience I will never forget.	
Oct 6 2008 	Beautiful times square hotel	The hotel is beautiful, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, and the rooms are impeccable in cleanliness and comfort. As everything is with NYC, everything comes with a steep price tag, $7 for a bottle of water, but if you're on vacation, this centrally located hotel is well worth the money. It should actually be a 4 star rated hotel instead of a 3.5. Kudos to the staff and management for being on point, organized, and friendly.	
Oct 4 2008 	Enjoyed the Marriott Marquis	I recently stayed at the Marriott Marquis before a 10 day Canada/New England Cruise. The hotel has a great location and is in walking distance to Cental Park as well. The room was comfortable. We stayed on the 32 floor with a nice view of the city and part of Times Square. The service was great. The bed comfortable and the bathroom a nice size. The tv was new and had a great picture. I would stay here again if in the area. I would say that I like staying in the Central Park area a little better over the hustle and bustle of Times Square.	
Oct 1 2008 	Blissful room service lacking somewhat	we stayed for 4 nights. had a king room on the 22nd floor looking right down onto times square - great! the room was huge, really comfy bed and sheets, cant fault the room at all. i did queue for 10 mins to check in as there was only 1 member of staff on duty (it was midnight) and when we came to check out, we left the bags in the room (having been assured that they would be brought down to left luggge) but when we returned 4 hours later, they were still in the room. To their credit, the situation was rectified immediately. 2 sour points on anotherwise perfect stay. Oh, other than the $9 bottle of stella in the hotel bar, with the barman not even offering to give me the $1 change from my $10 note - rather pricey by any standards.... So it gets a 4 out of 5, i would have gone for 4.5 out of 5 given the option. But given the price (£250 per room per nignt), you expect the best , with no excuses. I thoroughly recommend this place, great location too!	
Oct 1 2008 	OK but not great - I was surprized	I stayed at this hotel two years ago and had a great experience. So, this year when I checked the rates ($500/night) I thought – well, it’s REALLY expensive, but it’s worth it.I think this hotel has some renovated and some old rooms. The room I stayed in two years ago had everything new in it. The room this year was old and worn-off. The linens on one of the beds were so worn off – there was a hole in a sheet. I was really disappointed – for $500/night it’s NOT acceptable.The staff was helpful and apologized, offered me free breakfast to compensate for this inconvenience. But this is suppose to be a high-class hotel and I was genuinely disappointed.The location is hard to beat though.	
Sep 27 2008 	OK but not great	OK. Very big and nice room. Clean and had everything needed and service was good. However, the place doesn't have any charm. Just a very big and busy hotel. The location is indeed close to many of the things we wanted to see and do, but after a long day walking around the city and seeing the sights I would have preferred a quieter and more relaxing place to stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	Best hotel in the world!!	Unbelievable stay, we stayed here as the first part of our honeymoon and it was amazing. Without a doubt 3 of the best days of our lives. Firstly the location is amazing, you step out and Times Square just hits you. Everything is fairry close although some areas you would need to get a taxi to but we decided to walk to most of the places especially the great shops which my wife loved (wonder why!!). The service was topnotch, always helpful and respectful throughout our stay and they met all our needs.The restaurants were beautiful too with lots of choice. I'm sure anyone would be spoilt for choice.Visually the hotel is amazing, lifts were fast and eye catching. Room was beautifully decorated and very spacious.All in all can't knock the hotel for anything, amazing hotel in a amazing location	
Sep 22 2008 	huge	too big, too unpersonal no charm	
Sep 20 2008	great hotel	Hi, just got back to UK from 5 nights at MARRIOT MARQUIS, what a great hotel, from checking in (5 mins) to checking out (2 mins) it was a great experience, we were given a room overlooking times square by just asking for the best they could give at the price we paid. The room was spacious and very clean, and very prompt service whenever we rang reception(dressing gowns,firm pillows etc), i would go back in an instant.	
Sep 18 2008 	A great first NYC experience	We stayed here over a long weekend in early April '08. Check in was fast and stress-free (there was a line when we arrived but it moved quickly) and the staff was very welcoming. Our room was ready right away (well before the official check in time), and was clean and spacious, very little to argue with there. There's several food options there if you feel like staying in at any point on your trip -- we ate at the restaurant on the top floor (which was decent but expensive), as well as one of the restaurants on a lower floor for breakfast and the lounge for drinks (again, both were good and the revolving lounge is fun, but both, like many places in NYC, are a little pricey.) The location is a huge selling point for this place and for first-timers in NYC like we were it was a good place to be based (you have Times Square obviously right outside your door, and we were able to easily walk to a lot of sights like the Museum of Modern Art -- but keep in mind that we are both healthy young adults with no children so your mileage may vary.) Getting to the subway from the hotel was also easy. The only thing I can't really comment on is the price of the room, since we were able to stay mostly on Marriott rewards program points and therefore got a really good deal. All in all, I would book this place with confidence and recommend it to others.	
Sep 13 2008 	Unimpressed	If you are looking for a relaxing, friendly, classy hotel, this is not the place you should stay. First of all, it is in a very noisy area, with construction everywhere and noise all around you. Secondly, it is not a very pretty hotel. It looks like is should be in Kansas City, not the New York City. I really has no class at all, basically just &quot;casino&quot; carpets everywhere, large unmemorable rooms with bad lighting and a really confusing elevator system that jams up on the bottom floor often. I felt like I was in a really tacky Vegas casino to tell you truth. I would not stay here again unless I absolutely had to. The food was incredibly expensive. For a plate of nachos, two small cokes a ice tea we paid about fifty dollars room service. The melted Velveeta cheese was hardly worth the price. When there was a dispute about the bill, they locked us out of our room without talking to us first. The funny thing was our company was paying for everything and there were credit card issues which we had nothing to do with, and they locked us out of the room anyway. The employees are basically disinterested in servicing their clients, and are just there to collect a paycheck. All in all, a bad choice for a city stay.	
Sep 7 2008 	What a Great Stay!	I have returned from a short trip to New York City recently and I must say that the Marriot Marquis was a great choice for our trip. I took my 11 year old son and he, too, enjoyed this trip even though we were not near a beach. The room was fabulous and spacious and clean. The hotel picturesof their rooms on the websites are true to what we had. Our view overlooking Times Square was very scenic--everything that I have seen in so many television images. I found that evey staff member I came in contact with was very polite,service oriented as well as helpful. My only problem I had was not enough hot water for my shower one day, but with so many guests, I was not surprised and did not have the problem any other time. If you like being in the center of activity, walking to venues, and enjoying Broadway, then this is a great hotel for you. It has many guests but I never felt that I was in a hotel of its size. We could walk to all the places we wanted to go or take the subway very easily. Our only taxi rides were to and from the airport. The hotel price is expensive but all the hotels I considered had similar or greater price point and I feel that I certainly got value for the dollars I spent. I would certainly stay at the Marquis on future visits.	
Sep 6 2008 	Another great stay!	I go to NYC often, and stay at the Marriott Marquis usually once a year, most recently for 3 nights in August. This was my 5th stay at the hotel and it was another pleasant one. I arrived around 10:00-10:30 AM, and as I expected, my room wasn't ready. I had requested a king bed room. The front desk clerk was very friendly, as were the bellmen and all staff I encountered. He gave me a card telling me when to come back, and also took my cell phone # in case they were able to call to tell me when the room was ready. I actually was able to get in a little bit earlier than they had said, which was good. My room was # 4154, and it was fine. The view wasn't of Times Square, but I wasn't expecting that, as it costs extra. It was a bigger than average NYC hotel room with a comfortable king size bed, very nice flat screen HDTV, with DirectTV that offered many channels (but went out briefly during a storm, which is somewhat expected at times with a satellite). The flat screen TV's must have just been added in the last year, as my stay last year around the same time didn't have one. There was also a comfortable chair with a footstool, coffee table, and sofa, which I think could be pulled out into a bed. There was also the desk with the $16.95 wired internet (billed noon to noon), which worked fine. I've never had problems at this hotel with the internet service. There was also a coffee pot and alarm clock with Ipod docking station. A couple years ago I stayed here, and there was bottled water for free in the bathroom. Last year is when I started noticing they upgraded it to Fiji water and started charging you. In my room it was sort of hid behind the TV, with a note on it that said you'll be charged in full if water is removed for 30 seconds, so be aware of that! I don't even know how much it cost, but I'm guessing it wasn't too cheap for water! I had used the online &quot;virtual concierge&quot; before I arrived, which is a Marriott standard where they offer little extras (for a fee of course) that are in your room shortly after you arrive. I chose this time mixed nuts and root beer, and when I got into my room, it was already there on a wooden tray on the coffee table, a nice big bowl of mixed nuts and 3 nice, refreshing bottles of root beer on ice and two glasses! The hotel's location is ideal. It's right directly in the middle of Times Square, so your right in the middle of all the hustle bustle! The subway is across the street, so you can get on that to go anywhere quickly, and other attractions are within walking distance, like all the Broadway theatres (there's also a theatre right at the hotel), Rockefeller Center (Top Of The Rock is a can't miss!), 5th Avenue etc... The hop on hop off bus is right outside the hotel, and there's always taxis available within minutes right outside the front door. The TXTS half price ticket booth is right across the street also. The hotel is very busy, it's very popular for conferences as well as tourists, so be prepared for that, it's a huge hotel. I didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't comment on that, but I know the restaurants aren't cheap. There is The View on the top floor, which is the revolving restaurant. I don't think I've ever ate at any restaurants at the hotel during any of my stays there. The gift shop is also expensive. There's great, cheap diners all around the hotel, like the cafe at the Edison hotel across the street, or the Evergreen Diner down on 47th. There is a fitness center that is open 24 hrs, I've never used it, but it looks nice from what I've seen. There's also a business center with high speed internet and all other business needs. There's also nice, efficient self service kiosks in the lobby and on the ground floor that you can print your boarding pass out on for free. I think you can also check out on the same kiosk. I'm used to the elevator system, so it didn't bother me. I did see people get confused with it easily though, like just getting in and looking for the buttons. The buttons aren't inside the cars, you press a key panel outside and it directs you to an elevator based on what floor your going to. The lobby is on the 8th floor. I never really had to wait too long for one, I think the slowest it was was when I was trying to get down one time from the 41st floor. You do have to sometimes press the button again. I'll admit I enjoy the elevators where you can see out, it's fun to look out and see the floors as you go buy, and it does move fast and going down, especially from the high floors, your ears may pop! One thing they've added in the elevators since my stay last year was a little TV showing news, weather etc... My first night, at about 3:30 AM, I heard a noise out in the hallway that I still have no idea what it was, and two people talking, it eventually stopped, but I didn't know what it was. It wasn't the fire alarm, I know that much. It was kind of annoying as it woke me up and continued on for some time. I also found a used washcloth between the bed and the one bedside table, it definitely wasn't mine. I don't know how long it had been there, but it was obviously something housekeeping didn't pick up. I also don't know if it was because of the high floor or what, but the water pressure in my bathroom was horrible. The shower was horrible, and practically everytime I flushed the toilet I had to flush it twice because the first time it wouldn't work. It never ran over or anything, thankfully, and it was loud when it did flush, it was just annoying to have to almost everytime flush it twice. This was the first time I had ever had problems like this with the bathroom at this hotel. I had a decent rate, not the best one I've had here, but cheaper than other hotels I priced. I got the best available rate, which has been cheaper in the past for the same time of year. This year there didn't seem to be any good rates for the time of my stay through Marriott Rewards. Overall, my stay was fine, and I will return, as I love the hotel!	
Sep 4 2008	A city in a city with great location	Stayed here for 3 nights while attending a conference in the hotel itself. This is a massive hotel - almost a city in itself. The lines at the check in desk can take very long (even for Marriott Rewards members). It can take up to 30-40 minutes for check in if you get there at a peak period.The location is great! The hotel sits in Times Square (and hence many Subway lines). The views from rooms on higher floors are amazing. The service is like any other Marriott. The rooms are large for NY standards. There are 3-4 restaurants and 2 Starbucks to choose from. The revolving restaurant on the top floor does not offer a particularly great view. I forgot my phone charger at the hotel. It was delivered free of cost by lost and found albeit after a slight delay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Big Great Location Service Okay $$$$$	This is a good hotel for business, or a quick trip to NYC. It's not a resort, other than the fitness center (which is great), there is not much to do in the hotel. This hotel is big, and the elevators can be slow. Check-in is on the 8th floor and it was efficient. My room on the 38th floor was clean, and pretty good size, with a king size bed and sofa bed. Maid service was good. I did have one problem with the an electrical outlet in the room. I called and reported it in the morning, but it was not fixed when I returned in the evening. Other than that everything in the room worked well. The toilets are loud, and you can here others flush.The fitness center is great. A lot of equipment. The club lounge on the 30th floor is big, and a nice assortment of food and beverages available for reward members or those willing to pay for the access. I had breakfast in their coffee shop one morning at it cost about $100.00 for four persons. It is NYC. The staff is friendly, but the hotel is so big, you don't get the &quot;high touch&quot; service you might find at other Marriott's. Oh, and carry a lot of dollar bills with you because everytime someone does something for you they expect a tip. It is NYC. One last thing. Leave yourself enought time to get out of the city to the airports. It took an hour to get to LGA at noon on a Wednesday. Although, check-in and getting through security at LGA took 15min at the Delta Terminal. Not sure if that's normal, or I just hit it at the right time.	
Aug 26 2008	Great central NYC location!	There's no better place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of it all! Smack in the middle of the wonderful chaos that is Times Square, mere feet away from the best of Broadway (including the half-price ticket line), and subway stations. Walking distance to Rockefeller center, Central Park, and other top NYC destinations! Of course this location means sirens and honking taxicabs at all hours, as well as hoards of pedestrians and tourists filling every inch of the sidewalk. Don't stay here if you're looking for peace and quiet, although I must say the windows are fairly successful at keeping out all the noise. The rotating restaurant on the roof is a must-see, even if just for drinks. It's too bad they took out the rotating cafe on the main lobby floor, but the new renovations and additional restaurants are wonderful! Weekend brunch is a pretty good value too, especially since the restaurants right outside your door are incredibly overpriced. Get out of Times Square if you're looking for a more authentic NYC experience. The Marriott Marquis can't be beat though if you want to stay right in Times Square/Broadway!! I've stayed here many times, with family and for business, and I keep coming back.	
Aug 24 2008	Great hotel nice clean large rooms...	This hotel is very nice. The rooms are large for NYC - and nicely decorated. Very comfortable/soft beds. Flat screen tv. Hotel staff is very friendly. Responded quickly when requesting rollaway bed and other questions.Elevator system is different, you punch in the floor you would like and it tells you what specific elevator to go too. Ocassionally we would keep pushing to get another one, as the original one would be crowded.Lobby on 8th floor. Good location right at Times Square, although Times Square area is very crowded. Close to theatres, subway lines.Parking for hotel is overpriced, you can find cheaper parking garages across the street.	
Aug 24 2008	Great location	We stayed at the Marriot Marquis for our last night in NY. You could not get a better location than this and the hotel is great. The room was lovely (no view onto Times Square though), clean and quiet. Though as with every major hotel chain, be prepared for everything else to cost you extra! Staff professional and helpful, though could do with being a little friendlier - have your tips at the ready or beware! The pod lifts are great fun - but keep your eyes closed if you dont have a head for heights!	
Aug 23 2008 	Marriott Marquis a disappointment	My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights from Aug 17 to 20. Fortunately he was attending a conference there so we had a conference rate of $292 per night which is really good for New York and the location.We were disappointed with the Marriott which is the 4th hotel we've stayed at in Manhattan. Although all the rooms were non-smoking, I am convinced our's used to be a smoking room as you could smell it the second you walked in the room. They should repaint and replace the carpet to get rid of the smell. Size of the room was okay though although the 2 beds seemed a bit smaller than queen - they felt like doubles.We were on a higher floor facing north with a view of Broadway which was nice. The toilets are extremely loud - louder than airplane toilets. We could hear the toilet in the room above us flush every time it was used which is horrible for what's supposed to be a high end hotel. Otherwise the room was quiet. Bathroom was a good size and lots of counterspace. My husband likes to have coffee in the morning and there was a coffee maker and coffee but no sugar or whiteners so I guess it's only for those who like their coffee black.As previous reviewers wrote the elevator system was much too slow at times.Theoritically well-located in New York it is a major hassle to get around. The subway is only 3 blocks away but with the crowds it takes 15 mins to get there. We've stayed on the east side before (Waldorf, Affinia Dumont) and the subway lines are just as convenient and so much less of a hassle to get to. Marriott's location is only really convenient for theatre buffs. Ate at Encore - one of the hotel restaurants for a 'quick' lunch and ordered a simple flatbread pizza. It took 30-40 mins for me to get it - I think they forgot or made a mistake. In the end, I think they realized it was unacceptable and they didn't charge me. Really impersonal hotel - never felt valued as a guest.	
Aug 18 2008 	A memorable experience!	My husband and I stayed at the Marriot in Times Square just one night, but it was so worth it! New York accommodation isn't cheap and we took a long time to find anything in a certain budget, after looking at the difference between spending a little more money and the quality and location of accommodation, we thought we'd splurge considering it was only one night.The staff were very friendly and because it was our anniversary, they upgraded up to a suite and sent champayne and chocolates to our room. It was great! The room was lovely, the bed comfy as! Very modern facilities, but the bathroom was a little tired in comparison with the rest of the room.The view in the room wasn't bad, but because we were staying at the hotel the entrance to the revolving restaurant was free, so we went up for a great view and a drink, its a little 'exi' up there and the coffee was ordinary! The bar on the 3rd? floor has a great view and atmosphere too. I don't think you could find a better location in the city, its so central. We walked practically everywhere the next day, except we got the subway down to Wall St and Battery Park. Central Park was the highlight, we went rowing on the lake, and we loved visiting the Guggenheim.	
Aug 17 2008 	Marriott Marquis Times Square -Great Location for Tourists	I spent 2 nights this past week at the Marquis. I was in NYC for a training and spent a Wednesday &amp; Thursday night. I got a government rate due to my job so my rate was significantly cheaper than the going rate and I booked directly through Marriott.com.I took Amtrak in to Penn Station and I am pretty comfortable traveling around NYC so I took the subway, 1 stop to Times Square and then a couple block walk to the hotel. The check-in desk in on the 8th floor which was a bit odd, but no big deal. Check-in was far and away the worst part of the whole stay. 3 clerks were working when I arrived, each was busy. A line formed behind me as we waited for our turn. 2 of the 3 clerks were dealing with different problems with the guests. The 3rd clerk finally finished with their guest and told us to wait for someone else, and he walked away. That was really annoying. I proceeded to wait a total of 15 minutes before I was checked in. Too long to wait at 8pm at night after traveling and with luggage. (Frankly, too long to wait any time of the day!) The clerk who checked me in did not impress me with his customer service, but I wouldn't call him rude.My room was on the 39th floor, 2 Queen Sized beds. The elevator was a little slow for me since I was on one of the top floors. Someone has to stay on those floors, though-right? My room was impecably clean. The bath products were Bath &amp; Body Works. There were 4 fluffy towels in my room. There was also a coffee maker which I didn't use.Large flat screen LCD TV was great, got most channels I wanted except no Food Network or Comedy Central. Oh well, not there to watch TV but they are basic cable channels so I was disappointed. The view was of Times Square and I didn't even shut the black out curtains at night. The view was great and the lights did not bother me at all.The bed was comfortable, the pillows were a little bit mushy for my taste, but workable. There was an i-Pod docking station/alarm clock which I thought was a nice touch.The internet was WIRED and cost $16.95/day-at least it should have been wireless at that price! What a rip-off. And it goes noon to noon not 24 hours from when you purchase. I was NOT impressed with that. I like to sit on my bed and do work when I travel as many others do, but that wasn't possible with wired access. I was able to pull it close enough to put my feet up on a bed but that was it. The connection speed was mediocre at best. Again for the price it should have been much better. So that was a little disappointing.The AC was fine, I like the room pretty cool so it was hard for me to tell if the AC wasn't working well or it was me. The room was around 67 the whole time, I would have preferred 65.With my TV on I couldn't hear anyone else in surrounding rooms. There is a Starbucks on the 8th and 1st floors of this hotel as well as numerous restaurants. For $10 I was able to eat a decent Starbucks breakfast each day of my stay as compared to the hotel restaraunt buffet at $28pp plus tax and gratuity. (Welcome to New York my friends!) The cheapest thing on the a la carte breakfast menu was a $10 fruit cup! So Starbucks it is! The room service menu was as expensive as can be expected, but you are in NYC, in an expensive hotel and in the middle of Times Square. There is however a shop on the 8th floor of the hotel, honestly the prices were much more reasonable than I expected in the shop. Snacks, soft drinks and gift items. You can eat for less money in this area, but you really have to look for it. There is a deli on the corner of 49th/Broadway with great sandwiches-$10 for lunch...So all in all the room was clean, I slept well. I don't think I would have stayed here at the $400+ a night rate, but for $210 a night it was fine. Very upscale for foreign tourists and high-end business class. With my little ol' government rate I didn't quite fit here, but that was ok. Very convenient to where I needed to be.	
Aug 14 2008 	Had a Great Time at the Marriott Marquis!	We stayed here for one night in August with our 12 year old niece and had a great time!We arrived around 10:30 and they had a room available for us immediately. I requested a Times Square view and was happily accomodated. The staff was very pleasant upon every encounter. The elevator system was great and SUPERFAST....we never waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator. The room was nice.......clean, roomy and comfortable. We often stay in NYC and this room was a decent size by NYC standards. The view was great! The bathroom was large and clean.The location was great for what we wanted to accomplish (show a 12 year old a good time!). It's right in the middle of the action.....Virgin Megastore, MTV studio and many, many theaters within easy walking distance. Yes, this hotel IS surrounded by &quot;lights and people&quot;.......it's in TIMES SQUARE (in prime tourist season might I add!)!!!! Yes, things are not cheap at the Marriott Marquis.......water, room service, Starbucks, etc.. But being that they are located in one of the top tourist meccas in the world, they can get away with it. It's like expecting things at Disney World to be cheap! If you need water and are not willing to pay the price at the hotel, there are hundreds of places just footsteps away that will happily accomodate you! But really, after paying $349/night for the room, what's another $7 for water??We typically do not stay in Times Square when we come, but would stay here again!	
Aug 10 2008 	Great Location but Hotel disappointing	Mixed views about the Marriott Marquis. On the plus side, the location on Times Square cannot be beaten. The elevators are great fun and my teenage son loved them. The hotel is mostly what you would expect from a modern, impersonal city hotel. There was a wait at the check in and the hotel was very busy. I booked a Times Square room, but was very disappointed to get the side of the hotel next to a construction site. A very tall crane dominated the view from our window and so spoilt our view of Times Square. As it was the weekend, so there was no work going on, but from our room it looked as if the crane could swing through our window. We should have been warned about this and offered an alternative. The room decor and the bathroom were somewhat tatty for a hotel of this class and I was suprised that there was no fridge or mini bar. We had a room with two queen beds. One of the beds was extremely soft and so uncomfortable that neither my husband or I could sleep. The other bed seemd OK. I asked if the matress could be changed - they refused saying they did not have a spare and could not swap with another room because the hotel was full. They only offered a board for the bed. My son ended up on the very soft bed- and we had the other, but that's not the point - we should have had two comfortable beds in the room.	
Aug 6 2008 	Never Stay At This Hotel	its just not very up to date standard hotel. its a2star grade hotel every thing is old even the rooms and bathroom looks like th the 80s hotels i would advice all the tourist with family dont expect to much just very very very little of this hotel. espacialy tourist from asia is a rude shock for us hotel is a ripp off	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Location  lousy service  impersonal will not coma back	Stayed in august for 5 days. Location is great if you like to be surrounded by lights and people. For the price paid , I found it to be a low value. Everything takes for ever including elevators , room service , picking up of the phones. Internet in the room has to be paid for. Noon to noon, not 24 hours. For what they charge it should be included in the price for everyone. Room was smelly (I had two rooms and both were) although I must say the air condition worked well. Too many people everywhere in the hotel, very crowded. In such a hotel, where there are so many people and many have to take early flights, there is no room service 24 hours, I had a morning flight and could not order in room breakfast. Not even a cup of tea. The cleanliness of the room was okay when I arrived, but for the days I stayed, they did not clean very well.Some of the staff is rude, while some is okay, but this is not acceptable in a hotel like this. If you want to print emails, you have to go to the bussiness center, pay 8 dollars for 15 minutes of internet and print your emails. This is a total ripoff. They dont even have complimentary water, it has to be paid for, they have a couple of bottles in the room at exhorbitant prices.No mini bar in the room in ahotel of this category.	
Aug 4 2008 	Dissed and Dismissed!!!	Make certain you take pictures of your vehicle BEFORE you turn it over to the parking staff. They scratched the back of my daughter's first car, although not brand new with slight damage, and refuse to pay for their damage. Their claims office outright accused us of not knowing the difference of how our car is supposed to look!I may stay at the hotel, but I will never let them handle my car!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great! But skip the restaurant	We stayed three nights at this hotel, and I gotta say - location, location, location!When you get out from the hotels lifts you find yourself right there, on Times Square.Rooms: We had a great room on the 36th floor. The room was good sized, and had a great king sized bed. We had a lovely view over Manhattan, and if we got bored from that, the 50Intch HD-screen TV was also nice.The lifts alone is a good reason to see this hotel, but the room really did live up to the standard that the building sets.The bathroom was a bit out of date style-wise, but it was big, clean, and had great shampoo and stuff, wich is nice.Breakfast: Well, there is none - not included. But New York has one million great places for breakfast, so no truble at all. If you don't want to walk out of your hotel (?), there are some Starbucks and cafees where you can get some breakfast.Service: Great - all the way from checking in - til the room service. The consierge was brilliant, and led us to some great restaurants - outside the hotel.The only downside, if you can all it that, at this hotel - is the restaurant - The View.the food is less then avarage, the price is way over - and you feel as if you are in a factory. the service here is also crap, no smiles, no personal feeling.the view, as the name inclines, is great. But you can see that from the bar upstairs. My advice is - use the bar, skip the restaurant!	
Jul 29 2008 	Best Location in New York	We stayed at the Marriott Marquis Jul 19-22 for $341/night. This for me has the best location in Times Square. Our room overlooked Broadway and the Virgin Records store. The hotel is in the center of everything that we cared for. We walked pretty much to all the places we wanted to visit: Empire State, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park, Madison Ave., St. Pat's Cathedral, etc. This is our 1st time in New York and with our 3 kids, just loved to be in the middle of everything. The room is regular sized for a non NY hotel-which means it is big compared to an average NY hotel room. We stayed at a room with 2 doubles and a rollaway bed, and the room did not feel cramped at all. There was still plenty of space around. Loved the elevator system!!! We didn't have to wait long for it. We were on the 28th flr and it was so quick to go up and down since you do not have to stop at every floor. Valet and bellhop services are quick, though the $65 daily parking fee for an SUV is spretty steep esp. since there are no in and out privilages. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Stay! Busy Location!	Just got back from another fabulous trip to NYC and pleasantly surprised by the Marriott Marquis. Upon check-in the staff was very helpful and accommodating by allowing us to check in early after a long red eye flight. Our room was very clean, quiet and well designed. The TV was a plasma HD type on a swivel base for easy viewing. There was also a very nice AV switching device to accommodate portable players. The bed was most comfortable and the shower head was one that covers your entire body without the extreme over spray everywhere. The tub drainage was also well designed so as there was no &quot;standing&quot; water in the tub as you shower.The elevator system was extremely efficient for such a large hotel in that you make the selection, are directed to a lettered elevator which takes you to your floor. None of the interruptions of button pushers or multiple stops other than those who were directed to this elevator. The hotel couldn't be better in terms of location to Time Square and popular sites. Just be prepared to endure the hoards of tourists and loitering do-nothings who plague most big cities. The Concierge and hotel staff were most helpful when asked directions and the bell personnel were quick with the luggage. Absolutely no wait for a cab either. We will most definitely use this hotel for our future stays.	
Jul 26 2008 	Loved the Marriott Marquis!	My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis on July 17,18 and left the 19th (2008). We stayed on the 32nd floor.We loved everything about the hotel. We have nothing negative to report.The room was clean, the staff were kind and courteous, the beds were comfortable and the location was perfect, right in the heart of Time Square. The elevators of course, were fabulous!We would stay there again if we were to travel back to NYC. Thanks, Marriott Marquis!Patty from Bay Village, Ohio	
Jul 25 2008 	Love it hate it!	Huge, soulless, impersonal place; dingy rooms, dated decor; bar often full of hearties from the vast conferences it accommodates ... ... ... ... but I still keep going back - typically every 8 weeks or so.The place is efficient. It's in the ideal location for the various offices I need to get to (and obviously at the centre of the NY action being right on Times Square). Perhaps the main plus point is that the beds are amongst the most comfortable I've experienced - and I do little more there than sleep.  ... ... and there's a certain fascination in watching newcomers to the hotel fail to cope with the lift/elevator system!	
Jul 25 2008 	Good Choice in Times Square	We stayed here for 3 nights using Marriott Rewards points. The rooms are large for New York standards but the decor is just okay. The elevator system was fantastic. We never had to wait more than a minute. The room service is expensive and very ordinary. I would not recommend it. Beware, local calls are not free.There is also no free wireless internet. The hotel is in a great location if you want to be in the heart of Times Square.	
Jul 23 2008 	The best	What a great hotel. We stayed here July 14th-17th as a surprise for my daughter who turned 16 the day we arrived. It was everything we were looking for. The theaters are very close, Taxi's drop you off and pick you up under a covered area just for Marriott guests. Shopping really close (5th ave, M&amp;M store, Elements, MTV...) The rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable (I have fibromyalgia so this is really important to me) The rooms are also very quiet. The elevators are a site to see and the system they use works really well. There are about 8 or 10 elevators. You punch in you floor number on the wall before you get into the elevator and it tells you which elevator to go on to get there quicker. They have a conciere service to help you plan your day. We did not have a flight out of NYC until 8:30 pm so they let us have late check out (1:00 pm) and they stored our bags and had them brought for us in the taxi area and summoned the taxi for us. We really appreciated this because we left the hotel around 5:30 (peak traffic time) We went to the View at the top of the Hotel for drinks one night and to the hotel lounge. Great views of NYC and Times Square. Near the lounge area is a store and a place to get Sushi (something my daughter loves) We had a great stay and would definitely stay again for the location and the experience.	
Jul 23 2008 	Another Great Review of the Marquis	I picked this hotel after reading the great reviews here because I thought it would be more memorable for my 10-year-old’s first visit to NYC. We spent 2 nights on our way to New England. We had no trouble valet parking the car - it was fast and smooth. Someone took our bags which were delivered to our room. I already knew the lobby was on the 8th floor and read how to use the elevators so we were out of our car and checked in our room in 10 minutes. I don’t understand how anyone can complain about the elevators – we never waited more than a minute and we were told the hotel was at full capacity. As has been previously stated, you enter the floor you want to go to and it directs you to the appropriate elevator. It works brilliantly.We were on the 19th floor with a great view of Time Square (didn’t pay extra). When we travel with our kids, we usually get a suite but our double/double room was very comfortable for the 4 of us. We had two comfy double beds and my husband and I slept with one child each very comfortably. There was a large flat-screen HDTV, a large desk for the laptop and two easy chairs w/ table by the large windows. The tub in the bathroom was huge – I love to take a good bath and this was very comfortable. The room set-up is nice because the bath and closet are separated from the main room so you can change privately, etc. We were amazed at how quiet it was – did not hear any hotel noise from neighbors or in the hallway. It’s a huge hotel but it never felt crowded. I didn’t notice much security in the lobby and wonder how they keep people out. If I was traveling alone, I might not like this place but it was fine for this trip with family. My husband used the health club both days and said it was amazing. He saw Manny Ramirez of the Boston Red Sox working out which made his day.We knew there was no overpriced mini-bar frig but the room had a nice ice bucket and we kept it filled with ice and sodas/water. You can rent a frig if you want. There is one of those single-cup coffee machines in the roof but I went down to Starbucks (2 onsite) or to the over-priced gift store where you can buy a $2.50 soda…it is NYC so you can’t let that stuff get to you. I enjoyed a $12 margarita in the Broadway Lounge. Great views and we had good service. There are several grocery stores around the corner on 8th Ave.The foot traffic was typically crazy in Time Square so we often took 8th Ave to avoid the crowds. Central Park was an easy 15-minute walk, Rockefeller Center is 5 minutes and the Empire State 15-20-minute walk. We felt the Central Park Zoo and Amusement Center were over-rated but the kids loved the playgrounds. The location was central to most everything we wanted to do. Checking out was a breeze. We presented our valet ticket and our vehicle was up in 2 minutes. I knew ahead it was going to cost extra for our large SUV but it was worth every penny to park onsite. I stayed at the Trump International last year and spent twice as much and liked this place better.	
Jul 20 2008 	Definetly a hotel for tourists in the big apple!	We booked this hotel after leaving the Jumeirah Essex hotel wanting to stay 1/2 of the time near Central Park and 1/2 near Times Square. It's a hotel you must stay at if you're a tourist in NYC. Why? Because there is a taxi pick up area right in the hotel just for Marriott guests. Otherwise good luck getting a taxi in Times Square. Also you have the ticket booth for broadway shows right outside your door for 50% off or the regular tickets right in the hotel. Starbucks is in the hotel which, believe me, is an easier way of getting coffee than finding a place in Times Square. Kevin and Robert, who checked us in, did everything to get us a connecting room since we had two rooms. Great Job! We got a rate that included breakfast, plus pancakes and waffles. Good buffet. You'll leave here not knowing how they run the place with all those people. Concierge polite and gave us directions every time we wanted to go somewhere. It takes a while to get your room cleaned but you can understand why with all the people. Elevator system is confusing at first, but after a while you'll get the hang of it. You push which floor you want and then it tells you alphabetically which elevator to get on. Time Square is really busy if you like crowds and the Marriott Marquis is in the middle of it. If you're looking for great pizza, John's pizza is only a block away and one of the best in NY.	
Jul 17 2008 	For The Rich!	My daughter had business to take care of in NYC from 7/3 - 7/8/2008. We stood at the Marriott Marquis. I must say it is definitely an outstanding beautiful hotel. The room was nothing spectular. Thank God my husband works for the Marriott hotels. I got the Associate Rate for this hotel. The room we had was not worth the usual rate they charge. Everything there is extremely priced. I ordered a glass of wine and was charged $15 for a glass. So, if you are not extremely well-off, do not stay here. The view was good. I faced the Hudson River. I saw the cruise ships come and go. The gym is great! The equipment is updated. They give you fruit and a towel to dry off. Bottle water in your room is $7.00. They do have microwaves for free. They will claim they don't but just say you have a baby and need to heat up the formula and you will receive one. You are in the heart of Broadway. TKTS is downstairs in the same hotel. But I must warn you - the line for TKTS starts around 6 am. Please don't get me wrong it is a gorgeous hotel and classy, but if you don't have money to burn then this is not the place for you. If and when I have money to burn, I would stay there again, but it is for the Rich and not for the Middle Class or Poor. But if you have it like that - then by all means, go for it and enjoy it. If you decide to stay there then book a Broadway View. I am glad I experienced it. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Excellent hotel	I stayed at the Marriott Marquis while at a conference in May 2008. The location was excellent and the rooms were great. I have stayed at severaI hotels in NY; this one was the best. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Top Quality	A brief 'me too' to most of the reviews here - it really is a top quality hotel in an ideal location. Our room was spacious, and had an excellent view.I just wanted to mention two things:- the hotel advertises broadband in rooms, but does not say that you have to pay extra for it. We were staying for a week, and could not afford the costs just for occasional browsing for tickets or times- the price of the hotel is quite high: if you don't need a big room (we had two doubles to accommodate our children) you could probably do better	
Jul 15 2008 	great location	If you are going to Times Square area this is the best place to stay. Right in the middle of it all. We were able to walk all the way to Central Park. Not that far. Rooms were big. Had 2 adults and 2 kids ages 17 and 12 plenty of room. Prices are high in resturant food ok. Eat at Juniors across the street. Good food and they give you alot. Great Cheesecake. Saw Mary Poppins show it was wonderful. Would see it again. No problems with the elevators. Very fast. Stayed from June 30th to July 4th. People everywhere. Would stay here again. No noise from the street. Were on the 42nd floor. Staff was very helpful and very nice.	
Jul 15 2008 	Loved the staff at the Marriott!	We stayed at the Marriot for one night on July 8-9th. We previously, stayed at the Westin Times Square the 4 nights before, but since the Marriot had the best rate for the last night we book there!We checked in around 10am with no problems getting into our room. The elevators were AMAZING! I have never seen such a system and they were really fast! You just punch in what floor you want on the machine and it tells you what elevator to wait for. Loved it!We went into our room 2825, and had a very high view of times square (will add picture). However, you can tell that this non-smoking room was a smoking room in the past. It still had that old smoking smell, but nothing we couldnt handle. Room was nice and comfy and the shower head was amazing with great pressure.As I was staying in the Marriott, I told my family members that I need to write this on Trip Advisor. EVERY EMPLOYEE that we walked by in the hotel, said some form of hello! We were greated and asked how our days was, etc. VERY impressive! I have never felt so welcomed! The location was to die for, right on the doorsteps of Time Square. There was a couple of blocks walk to the subway and Juniors (cheesecake!) is right across the street and it is next door to MTV's Viacom building. Overall stay at the Marriott was amazing and I would recommend it!	
Jul 12 2008 	Magic at the Marquis	I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Marriott Marquis with my family which includes fifty somethings and 18-21 year olds and would thoroughly recommend it as the perfect place to stay for the first time visitor to New York. We all loved the location, comfort and sheer luxury of this hotel. The location, right in the middle of the Times Square area, was ideal for walking to the nearer must-see tourist attractions, such as the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, Macy's, the Rockefeller Centre, Central Park and Broadway shows. It was also a dropping off point for the open-toppped tour buses when you want to go further afield. We made full use of a 2 day pass on the Grayline buses to explore Chinatown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, Harlem, Brooklyn and the Seaport district. One of the highlights of our visit was the night tour - the view of the Manhattan skyline and the bridges at dusk was sheer magic! The hotel also impressed us with the clean, comfortable and spacious rooms and the helpfulness of all the staff we encountered. From the people on the ground floor who arranged the luggage and taxis to the courteous receptionist who organised 3 rooms close together with good views to the chambermaids and waitresses who looked after our needs after exhausting days sightseeing everyone was polite and friendly (and we found the tipping system easy to manage, no-one seemed to expect huge amounts).The elevator system worked well for us, we never waited more than about 30 seconds even on peak times and the views were great.One point - I have seen many tourists asking about taxis and airport transport - we were a party of 5 adults and had no problems in getting a yellow cab to and from JFK at a set rate of 45 dollars + toll and tip. The hotel organised this when we left and also stored our bags for the day as we had an evening flight.We enjoyed a visit to the View restaurant at the top of the hotel - about 8-9 is best to get a full revolution and see the lights come on and the sunset over NY. This, plus walking the Brooklyn Bridge and the night bus tour were our favourite memories of our trip - New York at all levels! We would all love to return, preferably in December to see the city in a different season and would definitely stay at the Marquis again. Hope this review is helpful and enjoy your holiday as much as we did!	
Jul 11 2008 	A pleasant stay in the heart of Times Square	We stayed at the New York Marriott Marquis for three nights over a recent (busy) weekend in New York (in fact, the hotel was sold out one of the nights, no small feat for such a huge facility). We had also considered the Renaissance Times Square, but ended up pleased with our choice.First of all, the hotel is literally in the middle of Times Square, which has its pluses and minuses. On the positive side, nothing can beat the scene--or the view from many of the rooms--of the flashing neon and people. Times Square is an excellent location for tourists because its the middle of the city, with easy access to most subway lines that can take you downtown or uptown. A cab ride to Greenwich Village was about 10-12 minutes.On the negative side, the rush of the crowd right outside the doors does get to be a bit overwhelming and annoying--you've really got to fight your way just to get back to the hotel, even late at night. But for the purposes of our trip, which was a nice getaway (without the kid) for the weekend, it served us well.The hotel itself is rather stunning inside due to the large atrium. Considering the size of the place, most things are efficient--the high tech elevator system works very well, check in moves quickly.Room quality itself actually exceeded my expections. We were placed on the 30th floor (concierge level) with a king room facing the north side of Times Square. The size of the room was about standard for a hotel, which is above average for New York City. The furniture was new and in good condition. There was a 40 inch LG LCD tv. Sofa and bed were all in good shape. The bathroom was not spectacular but the shower was modern. The room had floor to ceiing windows to showcase the view.There were two negatives about the room. The first was a rather musty sort of smell that was vaguely of smoke--now the whole hotel is smoke free. It wasn't overpowering or awful, and I do have a particularly sensitive nose for these things, but I nonetheless noted it. I ended up not changing rooms because we liked the location of it and everything else was fine, but I did give it some consideration.The second negative was light from the atrium (interior) side. The room was remarkably quiet given the location--exterior noise was highly muffled, and even the rooms themselves were unusually quiet for a hotel like this. There was, however, a great deal of light coming in from under the door which made the room rather bright. Now putting something by the door would easily take care of this, but I noted it anyway.Also note that there are no vending machines--however, complimentary water bottles are in the bathrooms. The maid service was unusually good---the room was very thoroughly cleaned each day. There was also turndown service, and all towels were replaced (we took showers in the afternoon after a morning of touring NYC) which was a nice touch.Overall, I would certainly recommend this hotel. If I visited New York on business every week, I may not want to stay here, but for tourists or visitors to midtown, its a very pleasant place to stay which uniquely good views and high quality rooms.	
Jul 11 2008 	Awesome!!!	I stayed at the Marriott June 30 - July 5. It was an awesome experiences. The rooms are larger than the Ritz hotels I've stayed at and the beds are even larger. The room are always kept neat and tidy. I found the staff to be quite friendly, helpful and polite.The elevators are efficient and speedy. Never had to wait more than 2 mintues for an elevator and there were never a lot of stops. They are quite similar to those at the Marriott Marquis in Atlanta. My room was on the 10th floor. I did not have a view but that was okay because I only slept on the room. You could not hear any noise from outside the room.I found the area to be expensive but that was expected. I ate at Juniors and Ruby Tuesday quite often. I also ate in the Encore Restaurant on site, the food was very good. I hope next time to eat in the revolving restaurant.Overall it was an awesome trip. It is easy to get around. I used the taxi mostly. I did not take the train although it would have been a lot cheaper. I have taken the trains before but always with a new yorker. Being from a very small island in the Caribbean I did not feel confident enough to take the trains and not get lost, especially when I was told that where I wanted to go I have would to change trains and stations. Shopping is good. I walked to 34th street and took the taxi to 10th and 57th avenue. The most I paid in taxi fare was $10.The Lion King show on broadway is awesome and the theatre is directly in front of the hotel.I would like to stay there again, the only deterrent is the price.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Stay At The Marriot Marquis	My daughter &amp; I stayed at the Marriot Marquis July 1-8 2008. We had a wonderful stay, our room was on the 11th floor with a great view of Times Square!!I booked this room in March on the hotel website and got a good deal. This is a central spot to all of the city. The subways were just a block or so away. The hotel was clean and everyone was so nice.	
Jul 6 2008 	Seamless stay over holiday weekend	First of all, let me preface this by saying that I come to New York at least once a year for vacation. I have stayed at several Times Square hotels, as well as The Plaza and other boutique hotels throughout Manhattan. I found the Marriott Marquis to be above average in every single aspect of my stay. I arrived at the hotel at 10:00am, fully expecting my room not to be ready. It wasn't, but they offered me a standard king room if I wanted to check in immediately. Since I don't spend much time in my room, I agreed. They gave me a room on the 43rd floor that looked down on everything in Times Square. Talk about a room with THE view. The elevator system was easy enough to use, and I appreciated the simplicity of it. No worries about kids pushing all the buttons in the elevator. Just put in your floor and it tells you which elevator to go. I never waited more than a few minutes. The glass elevator can be dizzying, but I just closed my eyes and waited till I arrived on my floor!The beds were incredible, and the room was a good size for Manhattan. I had a king size room, flat screen tv, small loveseat, and desk area with plenty of room to navigate around the room. The bathroom was also standard size. There were Bath and Body Works products in the bathroom, as well as lotion and mouthwash. The in-room internet was $16.95/day, which I think is pricey, considering the lower properties at Marriott and Hilton offer it for free, but it's typical. There are multiple subway stops within a short walking distance of the hotel, which is always a plus for me. Times Square is always crowded, so if you are looking for a quieter stay, you want to stay out of that area anyway. I couldn't hear any of the street noise in my room though, and the shades did an excellent job of blocking out the light. I did not have any problems with this stay, and I could certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a consistent hotel in the middle of everything.	
Jul 5 2008 	Fantastic location beautiful hotel	What a magical place! Right in the heart of Times Square theater district, this place is outstanding, even if a bit pricey. It has a whimsical, yet classic decor and color scheme. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever encountered in my travels, and service throughout the hotel was first class. With a view of Broadway from high up, the best elevator system I've ever seen, staying at the Marquis was an unforgettable experience and worth the big splurge! I probably won't ever go back because it's expensive, but it's the perfect spot for a business trip or a romantic getaway!	
Jul 4 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed in the Marquis the day after new year's eve. When we entered, we were amazed by the great looking hotel and this would only continue during our stay. Check-in was very smooth and I was happy to be there on associate rate, because the prices are very high. But that's to expect from a hotel located on Times Square. The room was very nice, with a bed as huge as a spaceship. Everything was inside and we had a excellent stay there. The employees were very friendly and the restaurant, which was suggested by the concierge to have breakfast, was excellent!The best feature of the hotel is it's location. Times Square is an amazing place to be and to explore the city from. All together an amazing hotel in the centre of NYC!	
Jul 4 2008 	Broadway's Best!	I just stayed at the Marriott Marquis from June 26 - July 2. I couldn't have been more pleased with the location, service, or amenities. I Highly recommend this hotel for families or anyone who is primarily visiting to see Broadway shows. There are the best Broadway souvenir shops and the discount ticket window right outside the hotel doors. Many wonderful restaurants and bars are located within blocks. All in all, we had a fabulous stay with absolutely no complaints!Thank you Marriott.	
Jun 29 2008 	Huge hotel but surprisingly good.	Given the size of this hotel I must admit that I was unsure whether they could keep a good standard overall. However I found the the hotel surprisingly good.First of all the much discussed elevator issue seemed to be solved very good by them. Their system is unusual - having to select the floor beforehand and then being assigned to an elevator - but it worked very well. No long waiting and once in the elevator not many stops. Very good solution to what must be a challenge for them. The location is excellent - right in the middle of it all. At least if that's what one is looking for. Personally I might chose a hotel in a location a little bit off track again next time. But certainly you can't get much close to the hustle and bustle that Times Square is, if that's what you are looking for.The room was very good. Large, well maintained and clean. I was prepared for less given that in a hotel of this size they must be constantly renovating somewhere to keep this standard. Maybe a bit on the downside there was no real view from the room and the upgrade for Marriott Gold Elite was basically non-existant. Probably just to many Elites at this property and they of course want to sell the rooms with a good view at a premium if they can. So no real issue here.I did not try any of the restaurants at the hotel. There are to many great choices in walking distance - especially around 9th Avenue.Finally check-in was quick and efficient but also surprisingly friendly and personal. Again something I did not expect.Overall very high quality and an above average experience - though nothing truly outstanding. I might stay at the Marquis again if a very good hotel in the center of the action is what I'll be looking for.	
Jun 28 2008 	The best for New York City	This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at! The location in Times Square was perfect for the hustle and bustle and it was easy to get to other parts of the city. Our room was a corner room and therefore it was HUGE! It had a sofa even and the bathroom was almost the size of a normal hotel in NYC. Our view of Times Square was really something to see and we liked falling asleep to the street sounds. Just about everything was perfect about the Marquis. However, I have two complaints. It is ridiculously overpriced, but so is everything else in NYC and the elevator situation needs to be fixed. Riding the elevator is like playing roulette and when it comes it is often times full.	
Jun 26 2008 	Good! Will Come back	Although I wasn't at the hotel all the time, I truly enjoyed the service and the atmosphere this hotel has. Little perks I want to share with any first timers. By the Elite Checkin area, there's a buffer table with little treats for Elite members. I gotten apples, candies and chocolate from there before. If you workout, there's always a bowl of apples near the front of the gym as well.Fruits are always good especially when you eat lots of NY greasy food during the day.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Location	Excellent location - Times Square, a block from subway station, excellent proximity to theaters. Hotel bar had nice atmosphere, great views, but pricey. Great workout facility. Clean hotel, comfortable rooms. Outlet for same day discounted Broadway tickets adjacent to hotel. I found staff to be helpful and friendly.	
Jun 23 2008 	Fantastic hotel in the center of it all!	Our stay at the Marriott Marquis was wonderful. We have been to NYC before, but normally stay at the Embassy Suites or Double Tree. Check in was a breeze. We filled out their pre-stay request form. They had the room ready for us at 11 am eventhough check in wasn't until 3 or 4. We had a run of the house king on the 42nd floor. The room was still very large and comfortable by New York standards. The cleaning staff were excellent. All staff were willing to go the extra mile to assist us. All areas of the hotel were extremely clean. Dispite being a busy hotel the elevators were never a problem. The best part about the hotel was the location! You cannot beat it. Close to everything! It was great having the TKTS booth right downstairs. Most nights we went down around 7:00 pm and still were able to get tickets to the shows we wanted. We called the hotel directly and got a $240/night rate for 7 nights. Great hotel! Will definately stay there again!	
Jun 23 2008 	Best hotel in New York!!	Amazing!!! This is the only hotel I will stay at in New York. Everyone was so nice and friendly. We checked in at 2 am because our flight came in so late and the check in lady Molinda was smiling and friendly and even sent up a chocolate cake and a present for my birthday in the morning! Huge hotel with the most central time square location. Our room had a great unobstructed view of times square. The TKTS booth is on the ground floor of the hotel. You don't hear any noise from the street though because the rooms start on the 9th floor. Rooms were the same size as most hotels I've been to elsewhere. Not small and not huge. Concierge could have been more friendly. Smiling is free. Definitely check out the coupons at the desk that give you percentages off everything from macy's to toys r us.	
Jun 18 2008	Big and Beautiful	The Marriott Marquis is an exciting Times Square hotel as big as the Big Apple and just as exciting. The room was very spacious, easily accommodating a rollaway bed along with 2 double beds. We were on the 23rd floor which blocked out almost all street noise. Rooms are very clean, well appointed, with a large plasma TV. The beds, pillows, and sheets were extremely comfortable. The elevators are outstanding and fun to ride. The 8th floor area also buzzes with fun with good restaurants and great views of Broadway.	
Jun 18 2008 	Another Excellent Stay With Some reservations	Recently spent two nights at a discounted &lt;$250/night rate. Corner larger than average room with an unobstructed view of the Hudson. Usual excellent housekeeping, large flat screen TV, comfortable king bed, and furnishings in good repair.Room was ready upon arrival at 12:15 PM on a Friday afternoon.Only reservations: the breakfast buffet which is pricey (we already knew that) didn't seem to have very tasty food. No waffles or pancakes..just kinda tired French toast; OK omelet. Good, fast service however. Buffet at the nearby Crowne Plaza is better IMO.Always stay here since we normally travel to NYC to see shows and the location for Broadway theatres cannot be beat. Nearby Westin and Hilton Garden Inn would be possible alternatives as would the Renaissance across Times Square.Overall will almost undoubtedly stay again since we know what to expect.	
Jun 18 2008 	Amazing Marquis	When we checked into this hotel we were given a room with atimes square view even though we didn't request it! We stayed on the 28th floor and the room was nice. It was agreat stay.	
Jun 17 2008 	Another good review	Just spent 4 nights at the Marriott Marquis and have nothing special to add to the other happy campers. It is a fabulous hotel, very large rooms, absolutely no problem with elevator delays, maybe those reviewers didn't know how to use the keypad. The longest we waited (twice in four days) was 2 or 3 minutes. Most times an elevator arrived in less than 20 seconds. Friendly, courteous staff, spotlessly clean, nice bedding and toiletries. We were part of a business group, and several of those who tried the hotel food were not impressed, especially the breakfast. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't offer our personal opinion. The table service in the Atrium Lounge (bar) was deadly slow, though. Fantastic location if you like being in the Times Square action, we were on Floor 17 and could still hear the sirens, horns, etc, but not enough to keep us awake. If you are planning to visit the Guggenheim, wait until after June 27th. The outside AND inside is under construction for a special exhibit and there are only 2 small side galleries open, not worth looking at.We had good food at Bond 45 (at Broadway &amp; 45th), at Connolly's Pub (ditto), good super-fast breakfast at Cafe Edison (inside Hotel Edison on 46th &amp; Broadway, I think) -- the best oatmeal I ever had anywhere and good pancakes or waffles. Stay away from their eggs and ham, though. You can skip Junior's Bakery right across from the hotel -- both the take-out pastries and sit-down breakfasts were disappointing and not worth the hype. The best meal we had was at The Cancun Mexican Restaurant on 8th Ave between 56th &amp; 55th. Killer frozen margaritas too!If you take the subway, especially down to WTC and Financial District, be sure to ask the booth attendant which train to take. The stop we wanted was closed for construction and we ended up in Brooklyn. The last time we were in NYC was over 20 years ago, and I have to tip my hat to ex-Mayor Rudy Guliani. The difference is amazing. First of all, the people are much friendlier and open than they were before, very proud of their city and happy to direct and offer tips to tourists. There are police EVERYWHERE! We felt absolutely safe. And the city streets are amazingly clean. I can't wait to go back and do the things we didn't have time for on this trip.The hop on/hop off bus is worth the money. If you want a fun NYC experience, take one of those bicycle rickshaws and hang on!	
Jun 13 2008 	Amazing Hotel	I have been to New York before but this was the first time I stayed at the Marquis. It really is an amazing hotel and the atmosphere, size and location really captures New York. We were lucky enough to stay on the 44th floor with amazing views. The room was spacious and clean with a good sized bathroom. The highlight of the hotel for me was the lifts! As soon as we arrived we were shown how to work them and then we entered the glass lift and travelled up the centre of the hotel with views of each floor as you go! It was like a mini fairground ride!The hotel has several restaurants, bars, a theatre and a revolving restaurant/bar on the top floor! Apparently this is the only one in New York and it takes about an hour to do one rotation - with great views.We ate at the restaurant on the 8th floor - delicious pizza and it was great to watch Times Square from above. The View (rotating restaurant/bar) does get very busy - especially at the weekend, so it is worth booking or getting there early.All the staff were really helpful and charming.The location of the hotel is ideal to explore all of New York. With the subway on your doorstep if you want to travel further afield. I really couldn't say a bad word about this hotel!	
Jun 7 2008 	King of Times Square	I have no idea how anyone could rate this hotel as anything except 4 or 5 unless one is expecting something unreal. The Marriott Marquis is a giant hotel right on Times Square. People are everywhere, duh!!! But so are great restaurants, delis, theaters, and shopping---all within ten casual minutes by foot. Buy an unlimited MetroCard for $24 and you get seven days of unlimited subway and bus. One of the major transportatiojn hubs is on 42nd and Broadway, which is 5 minutes away if you walk slowly. BTW, the subway system is fantastic---fast, frequent, clean, and goes virtually everywhere. The maligned elevator system is actually marvelous. Never had to wait more than a couple of minutes. EVER. Two Starbucks on the premises, a huge atrium and lounge to enjoy your coffee or drink and a Junior's Bakery across the street for fancier pastries and &quot;New York's Best Cheesecake.&quot; BTW, TKTS (which is the discount outlet for that evening's Broadway shows) is currently at the Marriott while their permanent office is being renovated across the street. Another perk! Here's a tip--if you like Chinese food, NY's Chinatown is quite good and the cheapest of any large city I have ever visited.If this sounds like a NYC fan talking, it is, but prior to this visit...not so much. I was fully prepared to dislike the city but could not. NYC just plain WORKS and other cities like San Francisco in particular could learn a lot from the Big Apple. We stayed for eight days and every day was chock full of activities and sights---the Metropolitan Museum of Art being a close second only to the Louvre in the world, IMHO. Back to the Marquis...asked for and got a TSq view on the 33rd floor. Beds OK, bath fine and the space very generous by NY standards. Concierges could be a little more helpful but with 2000 rooms, they are overwhelmed on occasion. Never heard outside noise from the street but did occasionally hear doors and drawers slamming next door. Arrived at 9:00 am from SF on the redeye and immediately were allowed to check in! Then on departure, we requested late checkout (another redeye flight) and stayed until 1:00pm. Great service, I'd say. In summary, this hotel is PERFECT for the first time NYC visitor and for everyone wanting to be in the middle of the party.	
Jun 6 2008	STAY AWAY!	New York is a beautiful city and Times Square is such a fun happening area, but the Marriott Marquis is horrible. It looks completely different on the website. The rooms are horrible, the carpet smells, the walls have damp, the bathroom is tiny, the view of times square hardly existed. I didnt like anything about this hotel, if you call concierge from your room they keep you on hold for about 15 minutes, if you go to the front desk you queue up for 10 minutes. I really do not recommend this hotel, New York is filled with nice hotels and this is not one of them.	
Jun 3 2008 	Perfect location for first time visitor	Stayed here 28th May - 2nd June 08.Firstly elevators...Never had to wait more than a few minutes for one. Very easy to use (type in your floor number and it directs you to which elevator to use). Yes it does get busier at Peak times (when people are leaving for theatres around 7.30pm) but still wait was minimal.Location – Great for the first time visitor (as we were) Right in the hub of everything. And walkable to most tourist locations…ESB, TOTR, Central Park etc. Only time we got a taxi was to Battery Park for the Staten Island Ferry and South Street Seaport.Room. Perfect size. 33rd floor, view of times square. We had 2 rooms both with 2 queen beds, ample room for storage of clothes and also of cases (handy to keep them open to start storage of all the things you are going to buy). 2 chairs and table beside floor to ceiling window which gave great views over times square. Iron and board plus hairdryer where supplied. Toiletries were changed every day (even if there were not used) We seemed to get different makes of shower gel, shampoo etc every day even though we did not use it). Hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. Big thumbs up (and big tip) to the bellman who went trawling the very busy streets to find a taxi that could fit 4 very unhappy girls (cause we were leaving NY) with 6 suitcases between us (very productive stay).View bar – Only negative part of the stay. Food in the buffet bar is not that great. But would defiantly recommend going there for a few cocktails and watching NY revolve around you. Spectacular views. But eat elsewhere….there is hundreds of restaurants to choose from right outside the front door. Staff here were great and took the all important tourist picture (us with our cocktails lol)Would stay here again.	
Jun 2 2008	Decent	Good hotel. Let me check in early and check out late, front desk staff was helpful. Valet parking was fine, but we had to go around the block b/c we didn't realize what street we could access the valet on. Surprisingly quiet in room for times square location. Expensive, but company paid. If I was paying, would not be staying in Times Square but instead a boutique spot in the village probably.Elevators were efficient and fast, but glass side and speed of drop made me dizzy.	
May 31 2008 	One problem after another with our reservation - handicapped travelers beware!	Stayed with several family members at the Marriott over Memorial Day weekend. Booked three rooms (two handicapped) directly with Marriott reservations and fortunately printed and brought copies of the reservations. There was one problem after another with the rooms (correct room types not available, unable to provide any adjoining or connecting rooms, arrival and departure dates incorrect-not matching the reservation). Each person at the front desk seemed to try to fix one problem, then screw something up with the reservation and cause another problem. In total ended up spending about two hours dealing with various front desk personnel. I travel quite regularly with business and have never had such a problem at any hotel I've stayed in. The fact that we paid over $400 per night for such a bad experience just makes it worse. Find another hotel.	
May 29 2008	Great location in NYC	The Marquis is right at Times Square. On check in, request one of the rooms looking right into Times Square, Absolutely fantastic! This area of town caters for the tourist in every way so it's crowded and everything (hotel, restaurants, bars, etc) are expensive. For a more local feel, I go down to the East Village.	
May 29 2008 	Is it Worth !!!!!!	Place: One of the most talked about hotel when it comes to stay in Times SquareRate: $ 449.00 + taxes per nightType of Room: 1 over sized DELUXE King Corner roomWhat you get: 1 King size bed, work station, one 2 seater sofa, one arm chair with foot rest, extra space for closet, 42&quot; LCD TV, safe box in the room.What you don't get: Shower gels in the bath room, Bath robs, Mini bar or Fridge!!! Free internet in room, any usual welcome amenities for a DELUXE room, any chocolates with night turn down service, free break fast in the room or in the coffee shop. Fax machine.In fact after paying $499 + taxes, you have to ask reception if you can have shower gel in your bathroom. As per housekeeping they keep them in rooms of higher floor only. (ours was on 18th ).Hotel says, there are no more fridges / mini bars in any of the room!!!! so the huge wooden cupboard having the fridge and big old fashioned TV is now just a piece of decoration and occupying space in your room with the 42&quot; LCD TV placed on top of it !!! At 2300 hrs called business center to send concierge to collect a paper to fax, was informed, sorry there's no concierge services at that time!!!!Probably my last stay at this Marriott property as its not worth spending $499.00 for just to be in the middle of Times Square without having even proper bathroom amenities.	
May 27 2008 	Big Hotel Big Price	You can't get any more smack in the middle of Times Square than this. If you like a big, big hotel with lots of hub-bub you'll love the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. The Broadway Lounge on the lobby level looks over Times Square and is a fun place to have a drink even if you're not staying there. The staff was courteous and helpful on all levels. The business center has complimentary computer access to print boarding passes. I had stayed here once before when the elevators were a nightmare, but no more - I never waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator no matter what time of day. Personally, I prefer a smaller, quieter hotel, but I stayed there on business and it was convenient to where I needed to be and I received a special rate through the show I was attending - but it was still very expensive. The rooms no longer have mini-bars, but I requested an extra ice bucket to keep a couple things cold. It was slightly inconvenient to have to refill the ice each morning &amp; evening (would have been more so if I'd not been reasonably close to the ice machine). I was in room 1656 which was large and comfortably appointed; the bed was comfortable. On a minor note, the bathroom did not have a magnifying mirror - a nice accessory I have come to appreciate. The biggest drawback was that the walls were thin and I had noisy neighbors - on both sides - each night. I could literally understand conversations.	
May 24 2008 	nice but overpriced....!	Being a new yorker all my life, and now living in tampa for the last 4 years... it was a 'STICKER PRICE' shock of how expensive hotels are in the big apple. I was there for a conference for two nights... just a standard room on the 41st. floor, no breakast included, no free bottle of water, price $479 a night.... no kidding. the hotel is a typical marriott, just that it is in times square/theatre district. The hotel is very clean and the very big. The exercise room is state of the art and really nice if you like to work out.. the hotel staff are friendly... (like all new yorkers including myself are!! :) ). The open atrium is very nice with the glass elevators whizzing up and down. keep your eyes open you will probably see someone famous....!	
May 23 2008 	In the heart of TImes Square	We were there for a conference. Our room was nice and wasn't loud like you would expect being in Times Sqare. The workout center was great. Lots of equipment and you can borrow headphones if you forget yours. Currently the place where you buy the discount tickets for plays is on the street by the Marriott so it does get a little crowded when you walk out and there are tons of people waiting in line and you have to get through them.The hotel was convenient to everything and overall we enjoyed our stay.	
May 17 2008 	Enjoyed the Stay	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel in March (over St Patrick's Day!), and once we figured out where the lobby was, we had a very good time. While many prefer to stay at a less &quot;touristy&quot; place, we chose it specifically for the lights and the location. It is right on Times Square (but not noisy) so getting around, whether by walking, cab or bus, is fairly easy. The rooms are clean, and we paid for a Times Square View, so my daughter could photograph throughout the night. The lobby is not on the ground floor, and there was a staff member directing people to the elevators. We weren't fond of the restaurant (could have been just us), but there are so many choices in the area it didn't matter. We liked that we were able to walk after dark and still have tourist-type crowds around. The gift shop was nice (important for those last minute &quot;what did you bring me...&quot;) and although the hotel was expensive, we enjoyed our stay there.	
May 14 2008 	Right in the Middle of the Hustle and Bustle of NYC	Great hotel.....very modern. Especially with those elevators, which by the way we had no issues with. Surprised by the size of the room for NYC. Great view of the river on the quiet side of the building. Staff is not very personable (but I expect that in a major city, it's all about business)We went to The View Lounge (free entrance if your in the hotel, normally $7pp), does not include very expensive cocktails. But the view was as promised. My favorite quality about this hotel is location,location, location. Close to EVERYTHING by bus subway or walking. We already booked this property again for the week of Christmas. I wanted something out of the tourist zone, but with the size of the room and location I couldn't pass the Marquis. Besides we'll have teenage brother/sister with us this time. I'm sure they'll love how hectic it is in this area!	
May 13 2008 	Great stay @ Marriott Marquis!	Booked 4 nights stay at this hotel sometime in January and got a real good rate. Liked that the hotel was in the middle of theatre district and very close to the theatre we went to. Close to a lot of good restaurants like Sardi's, Juniors, Carmines, Bubba Gump Shrimp. Close to Good Morning America, Virgin Megastore, the heart of Times Square.Beds were smalller than usual double bed but we made do. As long as it was clean and comfortable, we were happy.	
May 12 2008 	Good New York experience	We just got back from two nights at the Marriott Marquis in New York to celebrate our 10 year anniversary. We stayed at the Marquis using reward points. You cannot beat the location of the Marquis, settled right in between the two &quot;Y&quot; intersections at Times Square. Everything you could possibly want within walking distance (we even walked there from Grand Central Station. we took train in from CT rather than fighting NY traffic). The staff was very helpful and friendly, the front desk, the concierge desk, the security staff, the concierge lounge staff and even housekeeping... we always got a have a nice day and enjoy your day from everyone we passed in a Marriott uniform. The previous review complained about the decor, it was a normal hotel decor, most Marriott decors are the same but who cares you are in New York City you should not be saddled in your room worrying about what decade the decor came from!! Our view was fabulous, right over the North side of Times Square looking right at all the flashy billboards, fun to look at at night, and although they were so bright that it always looked like daylight we just shut the curtains and that took care of that.... it was surprisingly quiet in our room on the 30th floor, we thought for sure we would hear hustle and bustle all night but it was very quiet...... only complaint about room was that the windows are in need of a washing, not an easy task in New York City I am sure...One complaint I have was the ticket booth (which I don't think is even part of Marriott, the box offices just happen to have a window in the Marriott) the people there were not very friendly, they did not even seem to want to help us... our questions were pretty much just ignored as the people at the desk joked amongst themselves, we had better luck going right up to the individual theatre box offices... on thrusday and friday nights we just walked up and down Broadway to the box offices and on Thursday night we walked up to the window of &quot;Rent&quot; at 8:00 (showtime) and got 8th row tickets for half price and on friday afternoon we walked up to the box office at &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; around 4:00 and got front row center tickets (actor had just handed them in).... so if you just want to wing it and not picky take a walk and chance the box offices....Overall our trip was fabulous and would stay again at the Marriott Marquis (with reward points of course)!!	
May 11 2008 	Doesn't disappoint. but oh those elevators	We have stayed here 4 times now and still love the Marquis. We had good service from front desk, in lounge, and from housekeeping. Admittedly we weren't there all that long this time so didn't use all services. But nothing beats the 8 fl lounge for nice cocktails, maybe the cheese platter, and a fantastic view of Times Square. You can also get literally ANYWHERE you want to go in just minutes from this hotel.I did call the concierge for show tickets as I was told they can do that, but they forwarded me to a ticket service without saying that was what they were doing. The Marquis is also pretty overpriced. We paid about $550/ni and it is nothing more than a nice Marriott room. But we did have a nice flat screen tv, plenty of room, and a view of Times Square. So we just swallow the cost and enjoy the superb location, nice room, and good service.The only thing is tha tthis trip the elevators were HORRIBLE. We had thought since they put in the new elevator system it was better, but we almost were late for a show after waiting sooooo long for an elevator. When one finally came to our floor we just squeezed in and held our breath.I would stay again. And hope the price doesn't go up....	
May 9 2008 	Total disappointment	I have stayed in many Mariott properties all over the world and while they look a bit standardized everywhere, they are normally quite nice. However, the Marriott Marquis in New York is an exception. The hotel's website praises &quot;The Marriott Marquis sparkles with updated hotel rooms&quot; but frankly: the design is so horrible that you feel like in a 2star hotel from the 80s. Everything in this hotel has just a very cheap appearance, from carpets over cabinets to bathrooms - not to talk about the ceilings in the guestrooms. The corridors look like in a youth hostel, the check-in service feels like the one of a low-budget airline, the restaurant for breakfast creates the permanent desire to finish as quickly as possible... and many more things that are not worth spending my time with.IN SUMMARY: if you like to look at nice things and want to feel good when staying away from home: DO NOT STAY HERE. I certainly will never return to this property.	
May 8 2008 	Perfect for my family	We picked the Marriott Marquis for a family trip to NYC because of the location and the fact that I had enjoyed a previous stay here on business. We couldn't have been happier with our choice. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. The hotel facilities, staff, and the views into Times Square were great. And the kids loved the place, especially the glass elevators (which were speedy and efficient in our experience). I highly recommend the Marriott Marquis if you want to stay right in the middle of the action in Times Square.	
May 7 2008 	Perfect	Four adults stayed here for four nights and had a great time. We came for the Yankee / Red Sox series so we weren't in the room all that much. None the less, the room was spacious and clean. The hotel is centrally located. We never encountered any wait problems with the elevators. I would highly recomment this hotel to a traveler.	
May 6 2008 	loved it...	This was my 3rd visit to New York. Everything was great...no complaints. The staff was very friendly. Most rooms in New York are really small. However, the room was larger than most hotels in New York. I have a bad back and beds were comfortable. This is the most central hotel in Times Square. Room service is expensive....$48 for a bagel, bowl of cereal, and pastries. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2008 	superb place great location	Have just returned home having spent 4 nights at this hotel, could not fault it at all.The staff are all so helpful, very pleasant and nothing was too much to ask. The rooms are well equipped with all you will ever need.This hotel is in a great location and if you want a decent restaurant just ask any membe of staff as they recommended two places to us which could not be faulted.I would not hesitate to use this hotel every time we visit New York.The View is well worth a visit as the views are fantastic whilst sipping a glass or two!Enjoy it, we certainly did.	
May 3 2008	Beware - price changes on your bill	I made reservations through a travel agency and was given a written confirmation of the price only to find that I was charged $100 more than this. Despite several conversations with the desk managers this mistake was not corrected. The travel agency blamed the hotel--and the hotel blamed the travel agency. The customer was caught in the middle - this was very upsetting and I would not stay here again because of this.	
Apr 27 2008	Elevators still drag down the quality of this hotel	This was my third stay at the Marriott Marquis. On prior stays, it was the in-house parking which swayed our choice. On this stay, it was the proximity to the theaters and the reassurance that they had solved their elevator problems with a slick new system. Alas, on a busy April weekend with tons of visitors, the hotel was completely overwhelmed. One is forced to take 8 flights of escalators when the elevator traffic gets heavy, which includes a long &quot;transfer&quot; at the third floor to keep going up to the 8th floor lobby. We usually waited 3-5 minutes for an elevator, and the worst wait was close to 10 minutes as folks were all heading out to the theater at the same time, I guess. Appalling. There was a lot of grumbling among our fellow elevator &quot;passengers&quot;. The hotel has done the best they could with the space they have and the new technology, but we found ourselves still having to strategize around the elevators each time we moved in and out, allowing extra time for the backup. After three days of this, we were entirely fed up.The glamor, glitz, nice rooms, nice service don't count for much when you can't get to and from your room in a normal way. The staff went out of their way to be helpful, but we will definitely go to a different hotel the next time we head for Times Square. This one is just too darn difficult (and gargantuan) to deal with. What a shame!	
Apr 27 2008 	Crazy elevators	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Marquis for three nights prior to starting a cruise from New York.On arrival there was not a porter in sight and no-one to give us any idea where the main reception area was. The ground floor area around the main entrance was chaos - crowded with taxis and hoards of people. We eventually worked out that we had to get ourselves, and several heavy suitcases, up to the eighth floor. But first we had to negotiate the crazy elevator system!!There is a large bank of lifts but, rather than getting in the next empty car and selecting a floor number, you have to enter the floor number that you want on a wall mounted keypad in the lift foyer, and the display then tells you which lift to wait for. And wait ..... and wait …. !! Some guests told us that they had to wait anything up to 20 minutes on occasions. My wife concluded that the system had been programmed by an IT engineer with a grudge against humanity. So having got to the Reception desk our faith was restored. Check-in was swift and courteous, and our luggage was whisked away by an efficient Bell Captain who took us to our room on the 45th floor (as high as the guest rooms go) and made sure that we had settled in OK.Guest rooms are arranged around a vast central open space that extends from the 8th to the 45th floors. Our room was fine – clean and well fitted out, although the view from the window down to Times Square was a little dizzying and not for those suffering from vertigo! The public areas were spacious and bar service was very good. Having said that, we didn’t like the lounge areas – they were just too big and too public – nowhere to sit and enjoy one’s own private space.Would we stay there again – no! Nothing wrong with the hotel, we just felt like battery hens in a vast people factory.	
Apr 25 2008 	elevators ruined it for us	Rooms were clean and nice but the elevator problems overshadowed our stay. not enough elevators for the size of the hotel. Average wait for one was 10-15 minutes. We were on the 22nd floor so we had no choice but to wait... We would not stay there again just because of that issue.	
Apr 25 2008 	Great Location! Tons to do!	Hotel is located inTimes Square! It was great to be in the middle of all hustle and bustle on the streets while within minutes one can escape to a comfortable, good-sized, quiet, and clean room. Was in town for on vacation with my daughter, her friend, and my wife. They all loved the easy access to shopping. Also it was just a short walk to reach subway stations to get anywhere in the city.Though the hotel eleveators are frequently mentioned as a source of pain at this hotel, I found them quite simple to use. Plug in your floor number and go the elevator designated. Right next to the hotel are the MTV Studios. My daughter and her friend had a great time watching the celebreties exit the building. Quite a crowd was there for the event but they loved it. Plenty of food options nearby - one night we opted for Junior's (good offering of food) and another we picked up a pizza at John's (just two blocks away). The ladies all attended Legally Blonde Two show and it was right across the street.Overall, a very positive experieince.	
Apr 24 2008	great for your first nyc trip!!!	well my review will be short and sweet just because we didint stay at the hotel often, just to sleep. we were at the marriot for four days and had a good stay. the rooms were average but most importantly the beds were clean. our room was a pretty good size considering its nyc and that it was a standard room, maybe it was because we had a corner room. this hotel is literally on times square and walking distance to many tourist attractions. we took the tourist buses to see everything around manhattan including ground zero. i am from la and thought i would feel so cheesy in those two story buses but the fact of the matter is that they are so conveniant!!! they stop everywhere an out of towner would want to go. its well worth paying for the 3 day nonstop pass to get around town because its cheaper than cabs and you feel safe. the stops are everywhere and tons of buses that go around. the people at the front desk were very helpful and friendly.	
Apr 22 2008	Loved it.	We stayed here for three nights in mid-April 2008. I read the prior reviews on the hotel and knew about how to use the elevators before we showed up. The system is quite slick and efficient. I cannot say enough about how friendly the front desk &quot;At your service&quot; staff were. Both at check in as well as throughout our stay, whenever we had a question or were simply in need of change, we were always met with a willing person to provide service. I called the front desk twice during our stay and both times was greeted with &quot;Good morning Mr. XXXXX. How may I assist you?&quot;The location could not be better if you want to stay in Times Square. To be sure, it's a busy location, and a busy hotel. We expected that. But our entire stay at this hotel was simply better than we expected.We used the Fitness facilities all three days. The fitness room is located on the 23rd floor, and it is one of the nicer facilties I've seen at a hotel like this. Two trainers were there in the morning to assist and monitor, if needed. Towels were provided, as well as water and an apple. The Fitness facility is open 24 hours and simply requires a room key to enter, together with a sign-in.We were unable to access any free internet in the room from the wireless card on our laptop. We had to be in the public areas on the 8th floor to do this. We bucked up and paid the hefty $16.95 fee for high speed internet in the room for 2 of the three nights.Our room was large with a sofa, chair, computer table, and a refrigerator, which we had requested prior to check-in. The room directly overlooked Times Square, although we did not book a Times Square view room. We were on the 21st floor. Price paid was $339 per night.	
Apr 21 2008 	Pretty darned good...	Really quite nice. You're paying for the fantastic location, the gym, and the biggest chain rooms I've seen in NYC.The hotel is absolutely massive, but this was never a problem. The check-in lines didn't take more than 3 minutes, and there was never more than a 1 minute wit for an elevator. The elevator system is a bit odd, but anyone with a 3rd grade education should be able to master it on the 1st day. The rooms are typical Marriott (i.e. better than avg.), but for NYC the rooms are quite large. The only downside is the slow-to-respond AC system. I will admit to liking the room to be cold, but this system was positively arthritic.The gym is the 2nd or 3rd nicest and largest I've seen (behind the Dallas and Austin Four Seasons). Tons of treadmills and bikes, and very nice Hoist equipment. The treadmills have TVs and fans, but the TVs block the great view of Times Square just below. It's open 24 hrs, and that's a nice treat.I didn't partake of the bars on the 8th floor as I was on gov't travel, and they don't pay for $15-20 burgers and martinis. However, you're quite close to a any number of good restaurants and bars, as well as delis and liquor stores, in addition to all the rotten tourist traps in Times Square. You're also right by the theatre district, subway lines, etc...In sum, this hotel is right in the middle of NYC. It isn't a Ritz-Carlton, but if you're exploring NYC and not expecting to stay in a palace, this place is quite good.	
Apr 6 2008 	Huge hotel decent rooms	This is just a massive hotel. Multiple restaurants and 2000 or so rooms. The facility is in a great location as it's right in the middle of the Time Square action.The front desk is efficient yet still friendly. My room for four of us was a bit tight but serviceable. There's not really anything special about this hotel (aside from it's size and it's location) as the rooms are just average.Make sure that you venture outside of the hotel for food as the restaurants are very expensive. There are numerous inexpensive food locations very nearby.	
Apr 5 2008	Christmas in New York	We spent five nights in the Marquis over Christmas 2007.The room was huge with sofa, chair, massive bed and big bathroom. It was clean and comfortable. The hotel is typically corporate and business like, but many families appeared to stay there. Whilst it is well located (two minutes from Times Square) it is a huge hotel and its size does remove any real feeling of friendliness.The lifts are a nightmare: a central block of about 15 lifts serving different floors. Expect to wait if there is a large influx of people at one time. We only ate in the hotel once, in the revolving restaurant on the top floor. This offers a buffet which to be honest was pretty awful. However, the views are fantastic so skip the buffet and just go for a drink. It takes about an hour to revolve 360 degrees.There are lots of great places to eat nearby and a branch of Juniors is opposite the hotel for huge breakfasts (the pancakes are good) and wonderful cheesecake.	
Apr 4 2008 	Very impressed with the Marquis	I've been to New York many times and have always stayed at smaller hotels, but I was curious about how the enormous Marriott Marquis could warrant the raves here. I had a business conference scheduled nearby, so this was the perfect opportunity to give the Marquis a try. My personal preference is still for a smaller hotel, but I have to say I'm very impressed. The location cannot be beat. The people who work there are uniformly pleasant, well-informed and professional. I had a corner room which was huge, especially by NY standards. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet (of course I was on the 27th floor facing the Hudson River, not Times Square). The elevator system is very efficient and I rarely waited more than a couple of minutes. The Times Square TKTS booth is attached to the hotel. There are airport check-in kiosks and a Starbucks near the reception desk (which is on the 8th floor). Subway, buses and taxis are right outside any of the numerous front doors. If I were recommending a place to stay for a first-time visitor to New York, I would not hesitate to suggest the Marquis.	
Apr 4 2008	Amazing bar!	Booked my girly weekend trip to New York via ww.Cityandshow.com who were fantastic, gave travel advice and the rate was very competitive.The Hotel was amazing, just off of Time Square near Broadway. It had great facilities, and was very clean. I would especialy recommend the bar at the top of the hotel, it spins around and you get amazing views of the fantastic city.Avoid using the phones in the bedrooms as they charge ridiculous rates, I paid $15.00 dollars for a 30 second phone call!!Other than that I would strongly recommend the hotel.	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved the Marriott Marquis New York	Stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor.The hotel was fantastic we were made to feel special, nothing was too much trouble for the staff.We had a Time Square view at no extra cost, the room was huge with sofa's and chairs, the bed was huge clean linen every day.We had concerns about the lifts after reading some of the reviews but I don't think we ever had to wait more than a minute for a lift.The hotel was a joy and will definately will be staying there again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Best Hotel for tourists in NYC	This is the best hotel to stay for tourists in NYC! You will be in the center of all the excitement and energy that Times Square has to offer. Its conveniently located near the Theater District and within easy walking distance to the subway stop. Excellent restaurants and shopping are also closeby. The rooms we stayed in were excellent, one with a view of Times Square and another with a view of the Hudson River. The staff were very accomodating and friendly. The rooms were large and immaculate. There is also a nice gym within the hotel. It was a bit pricey ($349 per standard room) but worth the extra money I would usually spend because of the location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Stay	My self and my wife, BIL, and SIL stayed here back in June of 2007. THis was a GREAT hotel. I have seen that the rates have doubled since last year. I was hoping for a return stay this year, but we payed 220 a night last summer and now the rates are about 500. I don't understand the drastic increase. The amenities we teriffic, the hotel was extremely clean. All of the staff were helpful and attentive. Just a great overall stay.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great View Great location	I took my wife to NYC to see a play for her birthday. We stayed one night at the Marriot Marquis, as we decided to treat ourselves. Great location, great view, central to everything in the theater district. The room was large clean and comfortable. We stay in the city two or three nights a year, and I would stay there every time is the prices were lower. We paid $300 for the night, but you can find deals at other nice hotels in the area for under $200.	
Mar 27 2008 	Best birthday ever! - fantastic views in a city?? Your off your head love!	We have stayed in this hotel before... and we were so impressed we decided to go back!!Your experience starts by being dropped off in the very centre of Times Square - and you are taken into the hotel entrance (there is one on either side of the block! - it is that big!)..You are then welcomed by the concierge man who taps in floor 8 on the lift caller and a lift quickly comes to take you to reception...When i say lifts... I mean pods.. going up the outside of a central collumn to the building - when you go up 45 floors (can't quite remember total) it is a pretty amazing view - and will make your ears go funny!!Anyway.. check in was superb.. we had two rooms with Time Square views.. but they were not on the same floor... we said that's fine but the very helpful receptionist.. without saying anything.. made a half dozen phone calls and finally said - your rooms are on the same floor - which was nice!!Anyway.. we were on floor 38 so we wizzed on up this amazing lift system - which really does get people looking up and saying wow (will upload photos)We walked into our room and &quot;WOW&quot; - we had an amazing view looking down &amp; over Time Sqaure (if we looked down bottom right of the window we could see ticket booth and the theatres to give you some idea).We then went out to the theatre.. and came back absolutely shattered (about 4am UK time).. and got straight into bed.. and my god was it a bed!! The best beds i have EVER and i mean EVER slept in / on.Not a lot more to say as we didn't spend much time in the hotel... but they have a great number of places to buy food - including a very handy Starbucks - good for a quick drink and a muffin before an action packed day starting at Macys!If you want to stay in New York i REALLY suggest you stay here. I know wont be able to go back to New York (time sqaure area) and be satisfied by any other hotel (expensive habit!!)..A1 Fantastic!!!OHHH. ps. forgot to say - there also happens to be a rotating restraunt on the top of the hotel (hand uh) that goes around once per hour and gives you views over the river, empire state building, chysler building etc.You can either go in the more expensive formal restraunt or the fairly formal lounge - which has a fantastic buffet (think fantastic platters of food and chocolate fountains!!!)	
Mar 23 2008 	Don't Spend Your Own Money!	This is a great hotel, if you're staying on somebody else's dollar. It's got everything you want - for a price. If you can afford it, go for it. The location is in the heart of Times Square, so all prices are inflated, but the Marriott Marquis assumes most of its guests are business travelers and can spend money like water. I stayed there because of a business convention, so I fit their profile. Want to use a computer at the hotel's business center? $32 per hour. Have a glass of wine in the bar? $13 or more. (In fact, the wine list includes one wine I often buy at home for $8.99 a bottle. They charge $48 for the same bottle.) Yet they refused to honor the credit card I tried to check in with, because it had the name of my company on it, even though they had accepted it to guarantee my reservation. I was forced to use a personal credit card. They can afford to have that attitude because there's a demand for high end service in that location. Honestly, though, I've stayed in lots of of hotels just as good and with a nicer attitude, but at half the price. I'll stay here again next year ... but only if my employer is paying the bill. Next time I'm in NYC (in about three months) I'll stay elsewhere, where the prices are rational and the people are friendlier -- because it will be MY money.	
Mar 23 2008 	Exceeded Expectations	Just spent 3 nights at this hotel and was very impressed. We were on the 25th Floor and had the &quot;Stay for Breakfast&quot; rate. Thought this was well worth the money, as it entitled us to a great buffet breakfast, including juice, coffee, pancakes, and waffles in addition to the buffet items. The room was amazingly quiet, especially considering that the hotel is in the middle of Times Square. I am normally a very poor sleeper-but had 3 wonderful nights' sleep at this hotel. Not only was it very quiet, but the beds were extremely comfortable, and the room temperature was good too. The heating system was also very quiet, unlike those in many hotels. Took this trip as a tourist, and the hotel was very convenient to shopping, restaurants, and of course Broadway theaters. Staff was generally good. The hotel is large and modern in design; very striking. Obviously not the place if you are looking for a boutique hotel or personal service- but efficient, well-located, and very comfortable.	
Mar 22 2008 	Loved the Marquis! Excellent location.	Great location, great room, helpful staff. The week before our reservation, we called to confirm a King bed since it was our 20th anniversary trip and we used Amex points for the room. Upon check-in we were told, &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; and that we had been upgraded to a corner room, 30% larger than a regular room. We were on the 24th floor overlooking Broadway...wonderful view. Very clean room/hotel, comfortable bed with sofa, 2 side chairs, 2 desk areas, full length mirror and good size bathroom. Would stay here again. Starbuck's on the 8th floor was a nice convenience, too.	
Mar 22 2008 	I love NY! (and the Marriott)	We just enjoyed a weekend 'getaway' at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square, NY. This package included dinner at the revolving rooftop restaurant, The View, and buffet breakfast in the 8th floor restaurant, Encore. The room wasn't ready when we arrived at 2 pm, but they promised to have it by the regular check in at 4. At 4 pm it still wasn't ready (we had requested a Times Square view), so we were upgraded to a larger suite with a Hudson River view. The room was huge, the view was beautiful and the package came with champagne and chocolates. Breakfast the next morning was delicious and the choices at the buffet were excellant. The entire staff was courteous, helpful and very pleasant, I actually felt they we glad to see us! The only disappointmnet was dinner at The View. Reservations were easy and we were seated right away. The restaurant was beautiful and the service excellant, however, the food was bland, actually tasteless. It revolves slowly and there isn't much to look at, mostly the window washing equipement on the landing below. Next time we'll skip The View and eat in one the the local restaurants. The entire package was 417.00 before tax and well worth it!	
Mar 22 2008 	great time had	This was our first visit to New York and we were a little apprehensive as to where to stay, I read some reviews and found very few bad ones so decided on the Marquis. After looking on the web very few hotels offered rooms for 3 adults(we were bringing our 21 year old daughter) We were very impressed with check in and had no trouble with the elevaitors. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the room was spotlessly clean. We were on the 42nd floor and had no trouble with noise and had a great view of the river. The breakfast buffett was a little expensive but lasted us all day. We used room service which was there within 20 minutes and my husband said his sirloin burger was the best burger he had ever tasted!We would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 22 2008	Location Location Location was perfect!	I admit that I was reluctant to stay in NYC due to their bedbug problems but after lots of research, the Marriott Marquis was the perfect choice. We stayed for 3 nights and it was CLEAN, beautiful and although I am very picky - I was incredibly impressed with the whole experience.I would recommend this to ANYONE who is looking for a perfect, clean and wonderfully located (in the heart of Times Square) place to stay. You will NOT be dissapointed and I would love to go back.	
Mar 21 2008 	great hotel	This is one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in it has a great location and we got a room with a fantastic view of time square all the staff were very helpful and freindly this hotel is pricey but worth every penny the revolving resturant on the top floor is spectacular i will definately stay again	
Mar 21 2008 	Super Comfy Beds	Right in the middle of all the action in NYC. The rooms were spacious, clean and quiet. We even had a view of the river. The best part of the hotel was the extremely comfy beds, especially after a long day of sightseeing and walking!	
Mar 20 2008 	Perfect location great hotel!	I have stayed a few times at this hotel. For business and pleasure.The location is perfect: right on Times Square. All restaurants, theaters, shopping, etc right on your doorsteps.The hotel itself is huge. But very comfortable. The rooms are large and very comfortable. I love the beds they have!The hotel lobby is an experience all by itself, with the elevators going up and down all the time. The restaurant on the top floor is excellent! Not cheap, but the food was great. You have to go there, if only for the view. You are seated in a restaurant that rotates! You can see the entire city during your dinner.Breakfast are is a bit small, but the selection is great.If you're visiting NY: go to this place. If you search good enough, you can find some great rates.	
Mar 19 2008 	Good experience	The Marquis is a great hotel. The staff is amazingly friendly (first impression is everything) The bell staff was there to help you with your luggage and assist you to check in.. My room was not ready (I was also 4 hours early) but the desk took my phone number and called me once it was ready..The staff also held onto my luggage before I checked in and after I checked out while I was still in the city for no charge!! I thought that was a great start to the stay. The room is very large for a NYC hotel room. It was very clean. Beds were comfy. The shower did not have very much water pressure tho. There is 2 starbucks in the hotel along with several restaurants. The location was awesome, right at Time Sqaure.	
Mar 19 2008	Call hotel direct and in advance for good price.	While I have not gone to the hotel yet, I wanted to let others know about the rate I rec'd by calling direct and in advance. I called the first week of March and told them I planned to come to NYC with my 16 year old on May 30th for 3 days. I was looking at the other Marriott with the view of the empire state building from the rooms(can't remember the name). I had called them direct. While speaking to the reservation planner I told him how I was taking my daughter for her first trip to NYC and to see Rent on it's final weekend.I told him I couldn't afford much but was willing to spend about $250 a night to have a great view.Rooms at that hotel were $279. He said &quot;If you ever come again you should stay at our premiere hotel The Marquis for a great view.&quot;He said it was more expensive but worth it.Since we had already made the reserve for the other hotel I did not feel like he was pushing me to go to the Marquis at all. Since I figure I might not visit again for many years I asked him what the rates were. He said about $400 but that it was right in times square and the jumbo TV where the ball drops on New years is right out the windows.Sounded great-but pricey! He said the top floors go for over $3000 on New years! I said it was too much but sounded perfect. He said that if you book way in advance and pay upfront he would try and find a better deal. I said &quot;let's try!&quot; I was offered a room &quot;on a high floor with a view of the square that my daughter will love&quot; for $290 a night. I booked and paid for the Friday and Sat nights. The location will save time and allow us to see more of the area.I see this site has quotes offered of over $400 for this hotel so please call direct and try your best.Good luck!	
Mar 18 2008 	Typical Marriott. Great location typical accommodations.	First, let me say that I am a Marriott employee. I love the company's hotels and accommodations. Every time I stay at a Marriott, the service is the same: friendly and helpful. Having said that, the Marriott Marquis Times Square New York lives up to the expected Marriott service level, but isn't really anything more than the typical Marriott property. In fact, there are more comfortable Marriott hotels around the country than the Marquis. What you get at this particular hotel, however, is the location. It is perfectly located in Times Square on Broadway between 46th and 47th.It is expensive to stay at the Marquis, although I got a discount for being an employee. The first floor lobby isn't really the lobby. You have to go up to the 8th floor to check in. Weird, huh? There are a bunch of high speed elevators in a circle that take you up through the hotel, but you might wait a while because there are so many people going up and down. The room was a typical king standard room. I had a partial view of Broadway and a lovely view of an office building. The bed was comfortable, but not nearly as much as some of the other Marriott properties I've stayed at . I don't think this room was equipped with the new Revive bedding that can be found at many other Marriott properties. The bed is why I love staying at Marriott's, and this one wasn't as good as the others. The plasma TV was very nice though, and the channel list included HD channels.As I said, the location was great. It was wonderful coming back from seeing a broadway show and walking to our hotel, in the midst of the throngs of people. I always wanted to be one of those people who could just veer off the path and walk into the hotel. I must say, it was wonderful. The hotel was quiet, once you're in your room, and the accommodations were comfortable. The prices for everything were ridiculous, of course, since you're in Times Square, but what else do you expect? Overall, the hotel was a typical Marriott. Nice design, great location, comfortable room and friendly staff, but nothing spectacular. The best part was being in Times Square.	
Mar 9 2008 	love the 1980's	I love this hotel.....it is a wonderful hotel in the heart of the time square.Simple. I love the 1980 styling, the fast fast lifts and the kitch revolving restaurant on the roof. This hotel is the one chain hotels i love to visit. It is everything you would expect, but just that bit more.Do try the buffett at the restaurant.	
Mar 1 2008 	An experience in itself	For those who are looking to visit New York City for a day or two, this hotel cannot be beat. There are many things that make the Marriott Marquis the greatest hotel in Times Square, but the #1 by far is the location. It is located directly in the dead center of Times Square, making basically everything in short walking distance. The hotel features an incredibly convenient and smart elevator system which makes getting to your room in a hotel with an incredible number of rooms an easy process. On the main floor area there is a very lovely sushi restaurant, and a complete bar area with a wide range of exotic drinks and a glass-wall intimate-table-seating area that directly overlooks Times Square, giving you a view of the nightlife while chatting with friends. All rooms also overlook Times Square, so a great view is never too far away from you. For those of you who are musical theater enthusiasts, the hotel offers a ticket booth where you can inquire about showtimes, locations, even buy tickets right there at the hotel (though with a rather high service charge). Also, the Marquis plays host to &quot;The Drowsy Chaperone&quot; itself. Service was excellent, we requested a rollaway bed for our room which was promptly delivered, and the staff was always ready to answer any questions we had. Parking was valet, and convenient in every way. The hotel also offers a huge exercise facility, but we didn't get the opportunity to use it. I should mention that this hotel is a great idea for a short-term trip, since the rooms are quite expensive. For a longer stay in New York, I imagine there are more affordable locations, but for a short-term, amazing experience, the Marquis isn't just a place to stay, it will become a memorable part of your experience altogether. (I recently visited NYC again, and even though I didn't stay AT the Marquis, I still went there just for the bar and restaurant!)	
Feb 27 2008	LOCATION COULDN'T BE GREATER	Stayed here for two nights with my Sister &amp; 2 nephews. We had a room with 2 double beds &amp; a view of Times Square. My nephews were happy that Toys R Us was right across the Street. You couldn't ask for a better location in Times Square. The room was nice, the beds comfortable. Close to the subway &amp; to any transportation for that matter. The elevator System was best....you just punch in your floor &amp; it directs you to which elevator to take..we never had to wait. Starbucks in the Hotel is great plus. The breakfast buffet is a little bit too pricey for those who don't like a big breakfast &amp; I didn't feel it was worth the money. There are many restaurants to chose from..but please skip Bubba Gumps Shrimp Co...the food is below average &amp; wasn't impressed with the service. Our salad (which we paid $5 extra for with a meal) came after our meal &amp; only after we asked for it. Half price broadway ticket booth is temporary located there right on the property, but lines start quite early.	
Feb 26 2008 	SUPER SERVICE at Marriott Marquis	Stayed at the Marriott Marquis in February '08. Booked with Marriott Rewards points and ended up with a top-floor suite for regular point award! (Request room 4422 if you like a high-floor, quiet! room with a view of Times Square.)A day after we had checked out and gone home, realized that my daughter had left a bag full of makeup and jewelry in the room. It was actually one of the plastic Marriott laundry bags that she had stuffed her things in. I called their Lost and Found and they had in fact found it! They asked her to identify some of the jewelry (was good luck that some of it was monogrammed.) They sent it out via DHL overnight express. Fabulous service! Highly recommended!	
Feb 23 2008 	NEW YORK NEW YORK!!!!	This was the most amazing trip i have ever taken. I had never been to NYC, booked myself, my sister and my best friend from indiana for a girl's weekend.The elevators were awesome...can't understand why some people don't understand the system....NEVER had to wait for an elevator. Starbucks right in the hotel, PIZZA everywhere, I recommend Lombardi's, John's and Bella Vita. City streets were clean, subway was clean and not at all scary. We ventured some distance on the side streets as well and never feared for our safety in any part of town. The location is prime for theatre junkies....I was a peace on Broadway! We explored as much of the city as we could in 3 1/2 days. We wil be back when the WTC memorial park is finished. The city blocks are very short in distance, so even if you have to walk several blocks, you don't log much distance. The staff was amazing...the cocolate covered pretzels that were on our pillows the first night were amazing. LOVED this hotel, worth every penny we spent to stay there, and will definitely book there again. Wear your walking shoes...it is an amazing experience...not one that I would take young chidren on, though. Unless you plan activities accordingly....then i would take them.....but I'm glad I didn't take them on my first trip to the city!Shopping was incredible...didn't have enough time to explore even a small percentage of it....warranting a trip (or 2 or 5) back!	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Stayed for 5 nights in Jan 08 - coldest place I've ever been.Hotel was great, perfect spot for exploring NY for the first-time visitor. Check-in on 8th floor was smooth, straight up to our room on 42nd floor. Non-Times Sq view, but you could still see bits of it from where we were and view to the west. Best view of the Square was from the bar on the 8th floor anyway, good place for a pre or post dinner drink.Didn't try the gym, but always looked like there were plenty of people there as the elevator zoomed past.One handy thing was the fact you could get into the hotel from the street through different entrances depending on where you were approaching from.	
Feb 22 2008 	Tourist Location	If you have never been to NY Stay at this hotel for the tourist hype. The hotel is suoer clean with some good views. Def not worth $300+ a night. The bar was great but expensive.Basically if you want a romantic trip,go elsewhere. If you want to be in times square go there.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location; glad I was expensing it for work	The lobby is a bit unconventional - an elevator trip is necessary to reach the check-in desk. But once you reach the lobby and figure out the elevator system (essentially you enter your floor and you're assigned an elevator), it's a nice hotel.The location, right on Times Square, is convenient for Broadway shows although the area is very touristy. Tourists outnumber actual New Yorkers by a wide margin. My 18th floor room was surprisingly quiet. I couldn't hear much noise from outside or other rooms. The bedding and bathrooms were standard Marriott - white comforter, marble vanity, etc. I ate at the sushi bar one night and found it enjoyable, although oddly empty. Drinks were expensive (my Cosmopolitan was around $14), but it's NYC so that's expected.My room was about $300 (plus taxes) due to a conference group rate. Rack rate was closer to $600, which would not be worth it. As it was, I'm glad my employer was picking up the tab for staying here. But not everyone felt that way as I saw lots of families on vacation here.	
Feb 20 2008 	What a location!	Stayed here for four nights from 11th Feb and what a location.Broadway right on your doorstep; Fifth Ave and Central Park just a ten minute walk away. Didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but there are lots of small diners around for a good breakfast for a few dollars. Had valentines day buffet in the revolving restaurant and the top of the hotel - not fab food but at $30 and a view to die for - well worth it.Bar staff could be a little rude but all other staff very helpful.	
Feb 18 2008 	best location in Times Square	if times square is your location this hotel is perfectbig rooms can have 3 beds without beeing crowdedjust grab your bags to the 8 floor reception if not you will end waiting a lot for them at your roomif your looking for a boutique hotel this is not the option (massive)i have stay several times for business and fun and will gladly repeatfor inexpensive italian go for Carmines two blocks awayi would rather have breakfast at cafe europa or starbucks than hotel ,doesnt worth the price	
Feb 14 2008	Impressive!	On a sold-out weekend before Christmas, I was NOT expecting the perfect service we experienced at the massive Marriott Marquis. The staff -- from bellmen to housekeeping -- were exceptional in every way. Kudos to the management for maintaining such an efficient, pleasant staff in an enormous hotel in the middle of the busiest area in the United States -- Times Square. For those who haven't visited this hotel for a while, it is definitely time to give it a second look. The lobby, elevators, and rooms have been renovated. The layout of the rooms are fantastic. I cannot say enough good things about our experience there.A big shout-out to Riz, our bellman. You truly are an asset to the hotel staff. Keep smiling!	
Feb 13 2008 	Best Hotel on Planet!	Stayed at hotel from 7th to 10th Feb. Absolutely fabulous service. Staff were very courteous and friendly. We had previously booked the Paramount Hotel which is across the road from Marriott but after reading hundreds of terrible reviews we cancelled and booked the marriott. It was a good thing that we did change our mind as we took a peek into the Paramount while out one day and it looked shabby and has scaffolding all around it. Previous reviews of the marriott stated that there were problems with the elevators but we had no problems at all. They were very straight forward and there were hardly any queues. Only issue we had with the hotel was that we had a meal in the View Restaurant above the hotel and this was a big let down. Staff were unfriendly, food was below standard and cost was huge. I'd advise people to have meal elsewhere and then you can get a better view from empire state anyway. Overall we were very impressed with hotel and will definitely stay again.	
Feb 11 2008 	The Only Place to Stay in Times Square	We stay at the Marriott Marquis for an annual convention in January. We've been coming to the Marquis for three years and the rooms, service, and hotel in general are consistently great! The elevators take some getting used to, but the system is wonderfully slick once you have it down. The rooms are large by NYC standards, and the hotel is really centrally located and close to many subway lines. If the weather is not too blustery, I tend to walk everywhere and love the fact that the Marquis is right smack in the center of Times Square.An added benefit, the Marquis is right next to the temporary TKTS booth and right across the street from the permanent booth location.	
Feb 9 2008 	Fabulous fabulous experience	Our family stayed at the Marriott Marquis for two nights to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday. We will NEVER forget this trip!We drove up from Maryland in a driving rainstorm and were exhausted when we arrived. Just before we arrived, a host from The View Restaurant called on my cell phone to confirm our reservations for dinner that night. He assured me that we would have a window table, and wished my husband 'Happy Birthday'.The valet parking attendant and bellman greeted us right away, helped our girls (7 and 10) fold their blanket and promptly whisked our car and luggage away, with smiles, directions to the lobby, small talk to our daughters and understated efficiency.We entered the hotel and were totally awed! It was beautiful and busy. The elevators zooming up and down (our girls compared them to the vacuum chutes used by drive-in banks to send transactions to your car) with the different colored lights on each were a sight to behold!The concierge at the desk directed us to the elevator pad, and the adventure began. The elevators are on a sort of reservation system: You press the floor you are requesting on the pad, and a letter appears, telling you to go to that specific elevator - how cool is that? The girls worked out a system as to when each would have a turn to 'call the elevator'.We arrived on the 8th floor, which is comprised of the lobby of the hotel, several restaurants, a concierge desk, a bell desk, lounges, gift shop and travel offices (American Express, Ticket offices, etc.). We arrived at 3:35, and waited in line for about 5 minutes to check in. Our girls sat on a bench near the elevators with their necks craned because the elevator bank is a huge circular structure in the middle of the hotel. All rooms are situated on the outside of the 'hallway' and the inside of the hallway gives a view all the way down to the first floor or all the way up to the 47th floor. Our older daughter told my husband that she could go home now, she was so amazed!While checking in, the reservations agent asked our business there, and I told her it was my husband's birthday. She immediately gave us a voucher for free breakfast buffet (up to $60) at the Atrium Lounge!? Amazing! We had a Times Square View room (towards Central Park) on the 32nd floor. It looked like we could reach out and touch the ginormous billboards outside when we opened our curtains! Our luggage arrived within 15 minutes of our arriving at our room and the bellhop took the time to orient us to where we were, pointed out M&amp;M World to us, told us that the Minskoff Theatre was directly across the street (we saw 'The Lion King' matinee the next day) and told us about all of the amenities of the hotel.We just walked around the lobby and gawked (there were several conventions there, but we never felt rushed or crowded). We dressed for dinner and took the elevator down to the 2nd floor to get the express elevator to the 47th floor. The View Restaurant was exquisitely wonderful, on Friday night! The prices were exactly what we'd expect for the service, food quality, view and experience. For a prie fixe of $67.50 per meal (the girls split their meal), we ate WELL - and my husband had several wait staff sing 'Happy Birthday!' to him - BY NAME, to the total delight of our girls!Breakfast at the Atrium Lounge on Saturday morning at 9:30 am was beyond yummy - fabulous service, excellent selections and variety, great omelettes made to order and freshly made waffles and pancakes brought to your table! Oh, My!We had room service for 4 for dinner (after the play and a bicycle rickshaw ride around Central Park), and our food was delivered within 25 minutes of ordering - on a Saturday night?!Overall, we have traveled the world - with and without children - our experience at the Marriott Marquis was one in a lifetime! We are already planning our next trip there! Go Marriott!!!	
Feb 6 2008 	Personal and Business perspective review	I have stayed at this hotel over 15 times for business and once, my last trip for a personal trip. My fiancee is from Kansas and his best friend and wife flew in to celebrate his birthday. They had never seen NY so I used Marriot points to book us a weekend at the Marquis. The main plus of this hotel is location. It sits in the heart of Time Square and most rooms have a fabulous view. For those not familiar with Manhattan it is in Midtown meaning it is centrally located on the island.The bad: The parking attendants are clearly not trained in the &quot;Marriot way&quot; and you can expect to find a &quot;lot full&quot; sign posted if you are checking in on a Friday or Sat. They are experts in the NY way, which means be prepared to pay. Tip $20 bucks and a parking spot magically appears. Marriot really has to fix this as it's hurting their reputation. Full should really mean full especially when it costs $50 bucks a night already to park your beloved vehicle. I saw the parking attendants turn away an elderly couple who had driven from Canada telling them the lot was full and that they had to find another lot. It was shameful. Sending these elderly people out into a city they clearly did not know to find a garage that was 10 blocks away. They didn't even take their baggage and hold it for them.My other gripe is the Japanese restaurant in the lobby (8th floor). It is just awful if you want sushi. I took our friends from Kansas there our first night and the fish was not tasteful and the avocado was brown....ugh. If you must eat there order the steak. The waitstaff is pretty bad too. There are a million fabulous places to eat in NY, go find em!Marriot classifies this as a category 7 hotel but I really think only the location makes it a 7. The carpet is just hideous and the rooms could use redecorating. The good: Especially if you have friends or clients from out of town go sit in the lobby bar and you will find the whole side of the bar is a glass wall that overlooks times square. The drinks are pricey but worth it for the view. Also, if money is not a concern eat in the restaurant on the top floor that rotates. It's excellent and worth it. The check in staff have always been helpful and will generally give you times square view for no extra charge if you ask nicely. The maid service is always good and the concierge is not terribly friendly but then again you are in NY. She does her job but does not go above and beyond. Do you your own research and get the maps from her. The gym is good for those weary business folks that need a work out. Keep in mind there is no pool though. The business center is well run and efficient. **One tip for everyone about the elevators**When you walk in on the first floor you will see a bank of elevators labeled alphabetically A,B,C and so on. You will also see a key pad mounted to the wall at the front of the bank of elevators. You must type in what floor you want to go to before you board an elevator. The keypad will tell you which elevator is going to your floor. For instance you need to check in so you need the 8th floor. Type in 8 and the keypad will blink a letter like &quot;J&quot;. Board the elevator labeled J and it will automatically go to the 8th floor. There are no buttons on the inside of any of the elevators. It all runs off the keypad by computer. If board any old elevator you will have the pleasure of going where everyone else needs to go. Just a tip! I can't tell you how many people I have seen dash for an elevator only to get inside and look dumbfounded when there are no buttons to push. Enjoy!	
Feb 1 2008 	Marquis was just OK	We drove in from Maryland for our one-night stay at the Marriott Marquis in late January 2008. Our first experience was pulling into the parking garage and being approached by a slippery parking attendant. He informed us that the parking lot was full. After our brief hesitation, he starts talking about how there are too many rooms and not enough parking spaces, that he would be &quot;happy to help us out, but he has to answer to his boss&quot; so is there any reason we deserve a spot? He then asked if we were Marriott Rewards members (which we are). We presented him with our number. He proceeded to appear to dig for another legitimate reason we deserved a spot. He then asked us to please wait a minute while he checks availability. I told my friend it was obvious to me this guy wanted paid off. He got out of our car, walked over to him, offered him a $20, and low and behold we had our luggage out of the trunk and we on our way into the hotel within 5 minutes. The Atrium bar was also a bad experience. Don't use the computerized ordering screens at some of the booths. They don't work. No one ever comes. You have to wait for a waitress or just go to the bar and get your drinks yourselves.After the parking lot experience, it didn't really matter to me that the rooms were sufficient and the beds were comfortable. I won't return!	
Jan 28 2008 	Never Again for New Year	Stay was 5 nights over the New Year and although I am a Marriott Platinum cardholder clocking some 100 nights last year alone, on the basis of stay at this hotel will not be using Marriotts in future unless it is on points already accrued. We paid over $2,500 non refundable in advance. Arrived on the Friday after flight from UK tired and had to wait 3 hours for room to be ready. Room was partial view of Times Square (not the Ball Drop end). It was an Executive Room but very tired, yuk bathroom and in need of refurbishment. We were so tired we didn't complain and although we made requests via the online concierge for rollaway bed for son, it was not in the room, even after 3 hour wait so had to call housekeeping.One of the few perks of staying so many nights is complementary access to the Executive Lounge for breakfast and soft drinks. Discovered that Executive Lounge was closed on Fridays and Saturdays and not open until Sunday evening. However because of the holiday on the Monday it was moved for a private function to a windowless function room. This was then available for one breakfast and the close up again until after the holiday. I see little point in giving my loyalty to a hotel chain, spending thousands and on that rare non-business occasion for such poor service. At New Year this hotel's focus is how much can it scam its customers so that the lounge overlooking Time Square was closed for a $1000 per head function by the hotel with very large security guards to prevent entry (they seem to have only 12 people attend at best) and it has lost sight of the customer's who keep them going. One of the lovely guys from the Exec Lounge did get us complementary breakfast but when we presented the vouchert to the waitress she there after ignored us we assume on and the presumption that she wasn't going to leave her a tip. What is it about New York hotels!!The only good thing at this hotel was the housekeepers. Lovely ladies.	
Jan 28 2008 	Consistently good place to stay	I attend a Convention for a week every January and have stayed at a lot of hotels in Times Square. Of all of the hotels I've stayed in, I prefer the Marriott Marquis. The rooms are much bigger than others in the same area, the fitness center is free, the elevators are efficient (now that they've finally finished renovating them), and the staff is nice. Plus, the beds and pillows are really comfortable! If you are visiting Times Square, the Marriott is right in the middle of everything. But if you're there on business, you'll find that the hotel has a nice lounge on the eighth floor for an after-dinner drink, two Starbucks (first floor and eighth floor) for that morning cup of coffee, and is pretty quiet considering it's a huge hotel right in the middle of New York.I have stayed there at least three times that I can remember and have always had good experiences. I highly recommend the Marriott for both business and pleasure!	
Jan 25 2008 	A+ Overall	Location, location, location. Can't get any better than this Times Square hotel. Outstanding service at all levels. Computerized elevators (all 14) were fast, efficient and quietly taking guest to all 45 floors. Room was clean and updated as expected at Marriotts. Had a minor problem and the manager took care of it. Only gripe--parking. Arrived at 4 PM Sat and valet said it was already full. He directed me to a garage around the corner but the attendant there told me no overnight pkg. Ended up parking 2 blocks away for 1/2 the price ($60/night at Mar). Great gym. Lounge w/nice view over Broadway. The View Restaurant had a fabulous buffet and of course, an unrivaled revolving vista of the city. Expensive hotel but worth it.	
Jan 25 2008	Great stay!	I had a great stay at the Marquis. The location cannot be better - right in the middle of Times Square and Broadway theaters and a short walk to Rockefeller Plaza, MOMA , Fifth Avenue, the Empire State Building and several subway lines. The room was spacious (far bigger than I expected), clean, comfortable, and very, very quiet. We had a wonderful view of the north end of Times Square from our room, which made the room special. The staff was uniformly welcoming and helpful. The lobby areas have a pleasant buzz of activity. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jan 24 2008 	Luxory in the heart of planet Earth	My husband booked a stay here the night he proposed. The room was luxorious and had quite the view of Times Square. The bed was appointed in the finest quality linens and down pillows and comforters. My husband booked a romance package that included strawberries and champagne in the room upon arrival and a dinner at the rotating restaraunt. The strawberries and champage were top quality and so was the food at the restaraunt. The restaraunt staff were polite and courteous in reconciling an error on our dinner bill. The food selection and taste were impecable. The room and bathroom were spotless. As for the location, what can I say? You are in the most exciting location on Earth. The possibilities are endless surrounding this hotel.	
Jan 18 2008 	Amazing!	We stayed at the Marriott Marquis for five nights for our first wedding anniversary. We originally wanted to have a beach holiday but opted for something different and certainly weren't disappointed! We were lucky enough to have a view of Times Square from our window with the Empire State appearing in the background - fantastic. The lifts (or elevators) were brilliant and we never had to wait. The staff were always helpful and courteous and the maid left our room spotless each day. If you stay at the MM you must have drinks in The View Lounge on the 47th floor - the ride up there is an experience in itself. The drinks are expensive when compared to other bars around Times Square but it is THE only place where you get a 360 degree view of Times Square whilst enjoying a drink or two. We were quite hesitant in venturing out of the vicinity of Times Square in the evenings so spent most of our time eating 'pub food' and also went to Planet Hollywood one eveing. (Don't be alarmed as there are Police on every street corner so you do feel safe especially during the day when it is very busy) If you are more adventerous than us I would highly recommend going that little bit further to enjoy a better meal.We managed to see the main sites but felt we could have stayed longer to experience more of New York City.One last comment to make is that the beds at the MM are so comfortable - we honestly haven't slept that well in a long time! We will certainly be returning to New York at some point in the not too distant future and look forward to staying at the MM again.	
Jan 18 2008	What a trip!!!	Came to New York all the way from sunny Edinburgh - Scotland for my 40th birthday, MM was fantastic, the whole hotel was always immaculate and the staff were falling over themselves to be helpful. The room was spacious, beds a little too soft for my liking but the linen felt very luxurious on my poor tired feet at the end of a night. Towels could have been a bit bigger, but again soft and fluffy with a feel of decadence about them! Had read reviews before coming about problems with the waiting time on the lifts - never experienced it at all, the lift in itself was an experience - very fast and a bit gut wrenching as you reached the bottom floor, but all added to the fun. Excellent location for walking to everything in Manhattan and right beside the Times Square city tours bus stop as well, the down town loop trip is fabulous with fantastic entertainment from the tour guides. Would recommend the Marquis Marriott to everyone and anyone, already looking forward to my next trip!	
Jan 15 2008 	Great!	I spent 5 nights at the MM with my wife and my 9 years old daughter. Everything was perfect! Great location,room spacious and clean,a terrific view on Times square. The staff was extremely friendly. Absolutely no problems with the elevators.I reccomend this hotel,specially if you travel with kids,for them the MM is like Disneyland! Volubilis. MILANO (ITALY)	
Jan 14 2008 	My sixth stay at the Marquis-Just keeps getting better!	I almost made the mistake of booking another hotel, just to revisit some of my old haunts in the City. I am so glad that I didn't as the Marquis was the perfect host. They have overcome the nightmares of getting stuck in the elevators between floors and the endless overcrowding and waiting on them. The new system worked perfectly.The room was spotless. Beds snugglier than ever, and the new decor is pleasant. I loved the &quot;real hairdryer&quot; and seriously, pull out the wallet and spring for room service. You won't be disappointed. It is really fabulous. You get the full movie star treatment, exotic orchid, real silverware and fine crystal and food that is five star. If they say 30 mins. it's there, even an hour before showtime.Rates were 271.00 per night, plus taxes. Brunch Buffet 80.00 for two (always delicious), Lunch 80.00 (salad, soup, quesadillas for two, not so good). Not a cheap place but each time I visit, I budget in one dinner or lunch in their restaurants, one room service and one Brunch Buffet.Well worth the money for a beautiful, safe, courteous place to stay.	
Jan 12 2008 	New Years Eve at the Marriott Marquis	If you are going to go to New York's Times Square for New Years Eve then THIS is the hotel to stay in. From about 3pm onwards, the Square is full of revellers and closed to anyone else. The Marriott gave us a specially-printed room-key for the night which counted as a pass that allowed us through each of the various cordons and into the square itself. So while thousands had to make themselves comfortable for many hours before midnight, we bimbled in at 11pm, had a quick drink in the hotel bar then joined the revellers for the fireworks and tickertape...which is well worth it! As for the hotel itself, our deluxe room looked onto the Square, very comfortable indeed and kept wonderfully clean (albeit with minor hiccups such as missing coffee/cups on a couple of days). The service is excellent and the concierge couldn't do enough for us. The hotel lounge on the 8th floor is a great place to relax while watching the goings-on in the Square and the View lounge on the 49th floor has superb views of the city. Location-wise, as can be imagined, it is right on Broadway for the theatres and within a short walk of Central Park to the north and Soho/Greenwich to the south. Penn Stn and Grand Central are also very close if arriving/leaving by train. Several lively bars are also within staggering distance from the hotel.	
Jan 12 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Having never stayed in a Marriott before, and not expecting much we were pleasantly surprised. My husband and I took our three daughters for one night because my husband had a business meeting very early the next meeting. We had 2 connecting rooms. Usually our hotels of preference when staying in NYC are W Hotels. The meeting was at the Marriott Marquis so we thought this would be easiest. Check in was a breeze. We were suppose to have one king room and one with double beds. We were told we had 2 doubles. No problem This was quickly corrected. The rooms were clean and bigger than we are used to when staying in the city. At around 10 at night I called the &quot;at your service&quot; button for down pillows, which came right up. I also called for toothbrushes which were delivered promptly as well. After the meeting my family had breakfast in the hotel restaurant which, believe it or not, was delicious. With good rates, service, and cleanliness we will remember the Marriott Marquis before the Ws.The only thing is, next time we will travel with our pillows. Even the down ones were a bit hard on the head.	
Jan 8 2008 	Loved the Marriott Marquis!!!	We reserved the &quot;Romance Package&quot;. Loved it!!!!! Our room had a Times Square View... amazing. The champagne delivered to the room was a great touch.. The View Restaurant was wonderful.. the food was very good.. the service was excellent.. and of course the view was Amazing!!!The staff at the Marquis made the stay very easy. After we went to see the tree, we didn't leave the hotel again.. There was NO charge at the gym. open 24 hrs very nice.. most hotels charge you..I would recommend this hotel to anyone.. very nice time.	
Jan 7 2008 	Wow ! - Times Square On New Year's Eve	My first ever visit to New York was spent at the Marriot Marquis.This was a &quot;special occasion&quot; family break between 29/12/2007 and 2/1/2008 so we were here for New Year.We had asked for a low floor with connecting rooms and these were duly waiting for us on the 16th floor.The rooms were luxurious and huge with fantastic comfortable beds.Everyone from the porters to all of the staff were incredibly helpful.The hotel is very central for sightseeing and although busy did not feel that way.The highlight had to be New Year's Eve.All guests were warned that unless you were in Times Square very early that it would be impossible to see anything if you arrived later on.However we didn't manage down until nearly 10.30pm and resigned ourselves to the fact that although we could hear the festivities that we wouldn't see them.Anyway I found a very helpful porter and after I explained to him that this was a &quot; one off &quot; experience he managed to get us into the Square (for a small fee !!!). We were standing beside people who had been waiting for hours.We were very lucky and thankful.So much so we are going to plan another special occasion trip for 2009.Everyone should try this hotel. It is brilliant.	
Jan 4 2008 	Location...Location...Location	OK, so maybe this isn't the place to stay if you're on a strict budget, but quite honestly then NYC may not be the town for you! This is one very pricey city! The Marquis is a very upscale hotel right in the heart of the theatre district and some of the best eateries NY has to offer. For the more budget conscious you might want to try the Doubletree or the Courtyard close by. Anyway, getting back to the Marquis, I always request a high floor with a view of times square and sometimes get lucky. Always at least ask! The new elevator system is easy to work, but without a doubt takes some time to get used to. There is usually a hotel employee to ask for help if you need it or certainly always another guest. The rooms and baths are spacious enough, while not palatial. However, how much time will you actually spend in your room? And when you are there, you'll most likely be sound asleep after an exhausting day of sightseeing, theatre and definitely eating! Be sure to at least check to see if some of the shows you are hoping to see are available at the half price ticket booth ... incredible savings ... line up early as the crowds grow quickly. ENJOY!	
Jan 3 2008 	Love this hotel	We stayed there on mid november. Me and my sister we both work for Marriott as part of their International Lodging area. We just loved the hotel experience...... general.We checked in around 7 am, of course they didnt have rooms at the time but they stored our luggage. We return to the hotel around 7 pm, and got a room on the 32th floor. The room was lovely and the view of the city was stunning. We love the location and went out to shopping at 1 am!!!!If you wanna have a REAL taste of what NY is all about stay here, my sister was arguing because she wanted to stay at the Walforg Astoria but at the end, she was glad we stayed at the Marquis..... you cant beat the location!!!!	
Dec 31 2007 	the right hotel in New York	Of course, there are more luxurious hotels in New York or more historical or more expensive ones, but none of them can beat its location. And this hotel is so &quot;newyorkish&quot;: expensive, noisy, big, crowded (OK it was Christmas time). The rooms are fine, clean, the beds extremely comfy. Nothing fancy but everything was fine and in good condition. Re the location, as said before you are close to everything. You can find tickets for broadway shows at a discounted price but you have to be patient (you can easily wait three hours). The rotating restaurant/bar at the top floor is amazing but do not expect for a culinary experience.	
Dec 27 2007 	Guess we went on a bad week????	I am confused on the reviews here. After our stay, I was sure to come here and find bad reviews. We went for five days the week prior to Christmas and here is what we experienced. We checked in around noon and were told we could check in and get a lower level room on the 8th floor, or wait and get one on the 49th. We decided to wait four hours and get a higher room. After checking our bags in and walking around the city in our traveling clothes (from Tampa, FL) we returned to find they were giving us the room on the 8th floor. After speaking w/ management we were offered on on the 34th which was fine. The room was a nice size- a little larger than the standard. The bed was VERY comfortable, but there was a layer of dust on the back of the toilet and the tissue box was disgusting. It had toothpaste spray all over the side and dust all over the top. YUCK! My husband always checks the waters b/c we have been charged many times for the person before us opening them and filling w/ tap water. Of course, this had already been done (ALWAYS CHECK THIS!) and we called the front desk immediately so we would not be charged. We left the room and came back two hours later which is when the guy had JUST come to the room to replace the waters. When we rec'd our bill days later, we were charged for the waters we called about! However, it was taken off our bill with a simple visit to the front desk. We were also charged a $15 room service fee for the guy to bring us new ones.The location was excellent w/ the subway close and all shows and good food close. I HIGHLY recomment John's pizza around the corner in the old church- yummy!Concierge was hit or miss. I would either get someone extremely informative and polite, or I got an attitude that they thought they were better than me and how dare I ask them a question. There was a spanish girl w/ med lenght hair that was polite every single time and remembered me. And I always tipped.I also noticed they do not answer the phone with &quot;Good evening Mr. Kilpatrick how may I help you?&quot; as they did years ago. I missed that and thought it gave it a personal touch.The View is awesome but be careful. I ordered the buffet late one night. It is $20 and within minutes, bus boys ran up and grabbed my plates!!!! I guess they were closing which I wish my waiter expressed to me before I paid $20 for two bites!The elevators were slammed on Sat. and Sun. which is understandable.All in all I will stay somewhere else next time. I'm not sure if they got new management or what but it has gone down hill from a few years ago.	
