	Great Location	My friend and I stayed at the Comfort Inn in November for a week. We found the reception people most helpful and friendly. The food in Brendan's was very good, don't forget to use your key room card to get money off-we did-and they don't ask!!! The hotel may be a bit dated, but it was very clean. What a fantasic location. The subway, Macy's and the Empire State Building within 5 minutes. On the whole we loved our stay here. A bit of paint would help brighten it up. It was noisy at night with the dustbins being collected and the New Yorkers do like to use their car horns!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	21st Birthday	Great location!! Quite a dated hotel but has what you need as a base. No tea/coffee facilities in room, only in hotel lobby.. But it does have a Mountain Dew vending machine!!! And free internet access if needed.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fab Fab Fab Hotel	We stayed in the Comfort Inn Manhatten for 6 nights from the 10th September, we were on the 12th floor, and the Empire State Building was our view - WOW!!!! Totally amazing.Check in desk &amp; reception staff efficient and friendly, rooms were nice, bed was comfy, the stair wells were in a little need of re-decorating but didn't really care, we were well happy.Breakfast is included in your stay, bagels/pastries/cakes/pancakes/eggs/cereal/waffles etc.Location was perfect 5/10 min walk to Times Square, Empire State literally behind the hotel, Macy's at the end of the road, Subway's close by. Nice little Irish Bar O'Reilley's across the road was brill, went there most evenings.Will definately come back to this hotel..	
Oct 25 2009 	Fantastic location no complaints	We had a wonderful time at the Comfort Inn, room was nicely furnished and very clean, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The breakfast was very nice and plentiful, we were already aware of the plastic cutlery, but it didn't spoil anything. Location was brilliant, our view from the bedroom was the Empire State Building, and Macey's just around the corner. No complaints whatsoever, would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again. Towels were changed every day.	
Oct 25 2009 	OK but probably wouldn't go back	I stayed at the Comfort Inn for 3 nights at the start of October 09 with my other half and 2 daughters.Firstly, remember that this is not a 5 star hotel, after reading previous reviews I was open minded.The hotel is well situated in the centre of Manhattan, only a stones throw from Broadway and a 5 - 10 minute walk to Times Square.Most of the staff were helpful, however there were some exceptions.We were given room 1011 which was adequate in size but situated at the rear of the hotel with a view of a wall 10 ft away. The room was dark, but the good thing was that it was quiet.We only stayed in the room to sleep, so this was no real problem.The room was well appointed and had been recently decorated, it wasn’t the cleanest room I have stayed in, but the cleaner did come daily.The continental breakfast provided was good with bagels, waffles, toast, cereal, cakes, hot and cold drinks and others all provided. We usually went down about 09.30 in the morning, it was usually quite busy, getting a seat and table wasn't a real problem.We didn't eat in at Brendan's due to the number of other food outlets nearby.Out and about, we used the 48 hour hop on / off Grayline bus tour ticket to get about and see New York. We did the uptown, downtown and night tours which were all good, at worst some guides were mediocre, however some are very good, keeping the topics interesting. We never had a real problem getting on the top level of the bus.Times Square was good, always bustling with people and plenty shops and restaurants to choose from.The Empire States building is just around the corner from the hotel and Macy’s is only a block away.If you are travelling on a budget and planning a busy time in Manhattan for a few nights this hotel would do. If your expectations are high I would give it a miss. There is nothing greatly wrong with this hotel, however it didn’t give me the feeling that I would use it again if returning to New York.	
Oct 23 2009 	Clean room and excellent staff service	I stayed there for two nights, went for a photography workshop in NY. This hotel is very close to Penn railway station and also close to Broadway and many other stores... Room was clean, a bit noisy because of a train...	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	We stayed for six nights and found the Hotel to be very good. The staff were always helpful, the rooms were clean and pleasant ( 10th and 6th floors ) Tea and coffee were available free twenty four hours a day, in the reception area. Brendans served a nice evening meal and complimentary breakfast was adequate for our needs. Location is great with Macys just yards away, and 5th and 6th avenues also close. Ten minutes walk gets you to Times Square, and the Empire State Building is around the block. Nice restaurants can be found opposite the hotel and plenty more just a short walk away. I will definately stay here again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Don't stay here!	On checking in, the staff were unwelcoming and dismissive. On the journey to our room on the fifth floor, it became apparent that this hotel was in major need of redecoration and maintenance. After just 30 mins in our room, water started to pour from the ceiling. We went back down to reception to report this and were offered another room. No apology. The street noise is very noticeable if your room is situated to the front of the building and I would advise taking earplugs just incase. The heater was on for far too long and the air con was noisy.Surprisingly, the breakfast was pretty good, but you have to be there at 7 am in order to find somewhere to sit. On the last day, I flushed the loo and it emptied the contents and quite possibly the contents of some of the other guests toilets into our bathroom. I reported this, again no apology. Although this is a budget hotel and it does have a good location, the financial saving simply is not worth the hassle and disappointment of staying here. My advice, stay somewhere else!	
Oct 21 2009 	shabby and poorly maintained	4 nights stay.in two rooms. , Entering one of the two rooms water was pouring from the ceiling,it was obviously an old leak as the ceiling paper was stained. Given another room with no apology whatsoever. The toilet in this room flooded on the last day. In the second room the key card did not work most of the time which resulted in having to go down to the lobby each time to get a new card, again no apology. The heating packed up in the second room. This was reported but nothing was done about it, again no apology. One of the two lifts broke down for a day. The attitude of the staff left a lot to be desired. The whole hotel was shabby except for the lobby and dining room. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 8 2009 	wasn't the best	I stayed here while on a tour across the US and i was very disappointed. the rooms were decorated really nicely but they were not clean. The staff were some times abrupt and the concierge could do with some retraining and definition on their role as they really didn't want to help.I really wanted this place to be good and feel that staff make a place and they really let the place down.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Value and Location	Although this is an older property, dont let this discourage you. The recent remodeling is a nice touch to its great location and even better rack rates. The Empire State Building is literally right around the corner, and is a block to Broadway. We walked just about everywhere around Times Square/Rockafeller Center area. We have stayed there twice, in 2005 and 2008, and I highly recommend it to budget-minded travellers with a desire to be close to the action. Convienient to Subway stations and to jump on the FDR, if driving, as we did also.	
Sep 26 2009 	Ideal location - around the corner from the Empire State Building	I believe this hotel is classed as a bit of a budget choice, but to be honest you don't really need to spend a lot of money on a 5* hotel when staying in New York, because you're out most of the time sightseeing or eating out etc. The rooms were a little small, but clean and comfortable and the food was very nice, though there wasn't much choice. However, there are plenty of lovely places to eat close by - in fact, there are a few restaurants directly opposite the hotel entrance which served excellent food. The location of this hotel is excellent - you're literally around the corner from the Empire State Building, Macys and 5th Avenue, and it's about a 10-minute walk to Times Square. Whether you decide to stay at this hotel or another in Manhattan, it would be well worth your while purchasing a New York Pass (go to www.newyorkpass.com for full details). So long as you use as many of the offers in it as possible, it's money well-spent. It includes free entry to Madame Tussaud's, museums (and MUCH more) and discounts off sightseeing tours, which are unmissable if you haven't been to New York before. It would also be worth your while buying a weekly bus ticket, which can be purchased from the underground/subway self-service machines, as it will save you a lot of money. Try to only use the yellow taxis if you're going to use one at all - there are black ones as well which are more expensive. All the taxis will charge the same for transferring to/from the airport - at the time we travelled it was $45. If you're going to the Statue of Liberty and want to walk up to the top (inside of course!), you have to pre-book this a day in advance. If you just want to visit the island however, you can get your ticket on the day.	
Sep 13 2009 	bumpy start but 2nd room fine- great location for the price	Had a bad start, arriving late, and finding the bathroom to be 'inadequate' (or filthy). Eventually, having made a start on cleaning it (and then suddenly realising it was my honeymoon and I wasn't actually there to do the cleaning), they changed our room for the first night. When we got back on the second day, we'd been given a room on 12th floor which overlooked 35th Street (which was much quieter then the rooms at the back over looking the aircon units).Despite the slight hiccup at the start, I would stay here agin as the price for the location was good.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great location nice hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights 23/24 august. We arrived early having sailed on Queen Mary &amp; the staff were happy to store our luggage until check in at 3.They provided us with a map, &amp; marked the Hotel so we could find it again! The location is great. Empire state building &amp; Macy's both only 1 street away &amp; Times Square a 10 min walk away.There are loads of restaurants &amp; deli's close by.Unusually for New York, this hotel offers complimentary breakfast. On offer is cereal, doughnuts, muffins,boiled eggs, bagels &amp; toast with hot drinks &amp; juices.This is all self service, &amp; yes, as another reviewer mentioned, all paper plates &amp; plastic cutlery - but hey - it's free, &amp; it's all fresh so don't complain.There is also a complimentary coffee machine in reception, &amp; free internet access, although this was always busy.We used wifi in our room easily using our laptop.Our room was on the top floor (12) &amp; was large,clean &amp; comfortable.It had efficient air con - an absolute must in August with 30C &amp; 86% humidity. There are ice dispensers on several floors &amp; vending machines.Next door is a great deli serving cold drinks &amp; great burgers &amp; sandwhiches. We didn't try &quot; Brendans&quot; in house restaurant, the menu was quite pricey, even with 15% guest discount compared to other places we ate.I recommend the 2 Chipotle mexican grill &quot; on 34th street parallel to the Hotel. Mexican fast food - try the Burrito Bowl - yummy &amp; only $8.We had evening flights home &amp; again, they stored our luggage for us.All in all, I would recommend this hotel for sightseeing &amp; shopping.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location for getting around but average hotel accommodation	The hotel is situated just around the coner from the Empire State building and Macey's with plenty of restaurants near by. Well positioned to get around Manhattan. The hotel itself was a little dated but the room was clean and sizeable for the price paid as was the bathroom. The decor was in need of an update. The room was booked last minute so I ended up in a smoking room (I'm a non-smoker) so the lingering smell of tobacco may cloud my judgment some what (sorry for the pun!).The hotel is OK for the traveller on a budget.	
Aug 20 2009 	A good choice	Our family walked 2 easy blocks from Amtrak Penn Station to this hotel, and checked into a 6th floor room. The hotel is very convenient to Macy's and Empire State Bldg and the subway, and a little further to Times Square. There were no bedbugs and no night construction noise, as some reviewers mentioned. The room was clean and comfy. We tripped a couple times on the raised threshold at our bathroom doorway floor. The wash basin drained a little slowly. We got a few TV channels but couldnt' figure out how to use the remote correctly. The courteous staff helpfully stored our many bags after checkout, and hailed our taxi. They returned my daughter's I-Pod carelessly left in her room. On checking out, however the desk clerk would not refund our $1 per night for not using our room safe, although our sign-in agreement had promised they would. Please note that your room keycard, promises guests a discount eating at the hotel restaurant (&quot;Brendan's&quot;) if they show the waitrees, the key -- we didn't notice that offer written on there until we were checking out.	
Aug 19 2009 	New York Brill!!!!!!!!! Hotel ??????	We booked a dream holiday with Virgin hol's. Boston, New York and Washington for our Silver Wedding Annversary. Couldn't wait to get to new york and our hotel. What a let down! When we arrived at reception we must have had the same receptionist as the other reviewer who were there same time as us. There was no greeting from her just asked us for our credit card, told us our room number and that was it. Where was the big greeting and 'have a nice day'. The other staff were no better and if you go into the bar don't expect a good welcome or chat from the barman it was like pulling teeth talking to him. We were on the 8th floor dark small and uneven floors, and that was the the corridors. Our room was dark, brown and tan couldnt see out of both windows quite depressing really. A/C was old and loud but beds were clean and lovely just what you need after all the walking around new york. Breakfast is quite a surprise never seen anything like it plastic knives, forks and spoons, paper plates and paper cups. God help you if the butter is hard I broke 3 knives trying to spread it on my bagel. The hotel is fine just for washing, showering and sleeping and spend the day out. One warning do not get tickets for the red buses from the hotel, they advertise to get your tickets there but you are only paying their commission ( Our happy receptionist served us again but never told us til we paid up )you still have to get your tickets from the bus company to travel on them, which I do recommend they are brillant and the guides are great fun you also get tickets for empire state and ellis island with the bus tickets saves queuing up. New York is fantastic and I would go again and stay somewhere else	
Aug 7 2009 	Started great ended badly!!!	My overall experience at Comfort Inn was fine,until the last day.I left my luggage in locked up room downstairs for about 8 or so hours, when I returned My I pod,and jewelery was not there. There is no disclaimer saying that you leave luggage at your own risk, and I have left luggage numerous times at other hotels/hostels.The reason that I am so angry is that after contacting the Hotel no one is willing to help me.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great location - hotel just OK	My husband and I spent 4 nights at this hotel. The location is fantastic and the hotel is clean. If this is what you are looking for - then it is the perfect spot. However - be aware that the room pictures you see on the website is not necessarly representative of the room you may get. We stayed in room 409. The deficiencies in the room are uncalled for. They have maintenance issues. The light switch in the entry way is croocked. In the bathroom, the cold water tap is broken and you need to press down and turn to get the water out. (I can't believe that the chambermaid has not reported this.) The shelf placed over the sink is actually in your face when you brush your teeth and there is just no place to put your stuff. There is no curb shower curtain rod. The ceiling in the bathroom is damaged and the paint is peeling. There is some mold surrounding the bathtub. There is only one pole to place your towels. Our room was facing another building - I can understand - however the windows were so dirty that it added to the darkness of the room!Overall the employees are pleasant. I specially find Ms. Gulbye very nice, pleasant and helpful. However - during my stay I dealt with another lady with no name tags (slim, black always working the day shift) which obviously whished to be anywhere else but there! She was polite but this is it. Impatient and not at all friendly. You can tell that we were disturbing her. We have encountered pure strangers on the street more helpful then her. She should not be working in the industry.All this being said - the hotel is fine as long as you need a good clean place to sleep in a great location.	
Jul 15 2009	Great location - great service!	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan in March of 2009 with a group of 30 teenage Foreign Exchange Students. The hotel was in a quiet and safe location and was jan easy walk (about 20 minutes) to Times Square. The staff was wonderful and very accomodating to WHATEVER we threw at them. There are 2 elevators and although they are a bit small and slow, we never had to wait very long. There are also stairs right across from the elevators so you could always use those if you were in a real hurry. The room rates were good and they were clean and fairly large. There is a nice restaurant/bar attached to the hotel and a number of Irish bars within a stones throw from the hotel. This is an older hotel but it it is gem! I just emailed the Hotel Manager yesterday to check availability again in March of 2010 so that has to tell you something! Althought the entire staff was great, 2 people deserved some major kudos. Tony the Manager and Brian who workes at the front desk. Tony went above and beyond to help us and his response was always &quot;sure, you can do that!&quot; Brian helped out one of the chaperones BIG TIME as well. After we left the hotel en route to DC by bus, the chaperone realized that she left her wallet at the small cafe next door. When she called the hotel, Brian ran next door and found it and then proceeded to overnight it to her in DC and she received it the next day. Now that is an honest man! We are looking forward to staying at the CI MAnhattan again and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a clean place to stay and to save some money in NY.	
Jul 10 2009 	great location good room - very satisfied	This comfort inn is in a great midtown location right next to the empire state building. The hotel reception staff were friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and comfortable (queen bed - should have gone for king). Very clean. Free breakfast is basic but better than nothing.Overall very happy with this. Unfortunately staff couldn't accomodate an early checkin request as I arrived in NYC at 7am and had to wait till 1230 to check in.	
Jul 8 2009	Not great value for the money	I stayed here as part of a large group and did not think it was great value for the $200 a night rate that they charged. On the positive side, the rooms were reasonably clean and quiet and the service was friendly and efficient. Also, it was located just up the street from a subway station.In terms of complaints, my biggest dissappointment was that our room had a window which, due to the fact that it's exterior was covered in a thick film of grime and that it faced a brick wall, provided little, if any, natural light. It felt as though we were in a cave. I thought the colour scheme (gold walls and black doors, furniture &amp; detailing) contributed to the dark, dingey atmosphere. The bathroom, was bright and modern but had a very tiny sink which is less than what you would expect in a room with two double beds. The photos of the rooms, lobby, and restaurant on the internet give the impression of much brighter and roomier spaces than in real life. Also, our electronic key lost its magneticness constantly so that we got in the habit of asking the front desk to re-scan it everytime we came in. Not a huge deal, but annoying, especially if there was already someone at the front desk being helped. Finally, I thought that the block that the hotel was on was a bit grimey and run down. Anyway, I compared the rate with that of a few hotels in the same area that had more modern and brighter lobbies and the Comfort Inn was actually more expensive. Of course I don't know if those other hotels would have had superior rooms to the Comfort Inn, but it is hard to imagine them not being, at the very least, comparable. Overall, I concluded that there is likely much better value to be had at other Manhattan hotels.	
Jul 8 2009 	Adventures in the Big Apple	A small friendly hotel,dated yes but is that not history in the making???? [check out the stained glass windows in reception/bar area] Our room was on the 12th floor which we requested, it was clean and roomy with the added bonus of a magnificent view of The Empire State ;the bathroom was adequate with plenty of hot water and a daily abundance of fresh towels, soaps, shampoo etc.The staff that we encountered were more than helpful and the lady that worked reception through the night was lovely,always available with advice and for a chat and even booked us in on line for our journey home bless her!!!! The location of this hotel was ace,we were within walking distance of so many of the attractions and those that were further afield we walked to anyway as to see New York you have to do it on foot in order not to miss anything!! [take VERY comfortable shoes]!!!!!!!!! Breakfast was a bonus and kept us going until mid afternoon and Brendans Bar served delicious food-the lamb chops were gorgeous and the staff in there were a friendly bunch too.On the whole, if what you are looking for is a hotel in a good location,that's clean,friendly and doesn't cost mega bucks this is the one.New York was our first trip to &quot;The States&quot; we are now planning on visiting elsewhere in the good old U S of A.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location friendly staff decor a bit tired.	Reviews on this site very useful and realistic. Hotel was ina very handy location for visiting all tourist attractions. Every staff member friendly and keen to help and advise. room spacious for a city, especially compared to European hotels. Room decor a little sad and tired eg broken floor tiles in bathroom. However didn't spend much time in hotel too much to see. New York a fantastic city, felt completely safe at all times.Open top tourist buses great value, we had a 3 day ticket and used it to get everywhere.Food at Brendan's very tasty and good prices with the 15% off. 2 Irish bars across the road also good,especially if you've had a hectic day.	
Jul 6 2009 	great location quiet room awesome bed!!	we loved this place - it's not fancy but it's SUPER clean, the location is great (W. 32nd, AKA Korean Way - lots of places on the street open for noodles, etc. 24/7), the bed has a memory foam mattress that was divine to come home to after beating the pavement sun up to sun down every day, and we didn't hear a PEEP of street noise - partial thanks to the in-room AC unit which we ran all night. in room safe was also a plus. rooms are not huge, but this is generally to be expected in NY and since we weren't planning to do in-room gymnastics we didn't find this to be a problem. drawbacks? walls are a little thin and we had inconsiderate neighbors slamming doors on the first night (we always carry earplugs for just such a thing but this was really loud...). also the free breakfast is a feeding frenzy - good for a quick pick me up before you hit the streets, but might do better to grab a bite &amp; head for the room like we did. elevators are a little slow but that didn't bother us. last time i was in NY i stayed at Affinia for about $250 a night, and i got MUCH better rest here, MUCH better value. VERY PLEASED and WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!	
Jul 3 2009 	Great position of hotel	Just returned from a 5 night stay, hotel was in a perfect position. Right by the Empire State Building, and at the end of the block Mac'ys. Times square was about a 10 min walk away. Our room was 807 which has been refurbished and when you looked out of the window you could see the Empire State building. Room was cleaned every day and clean towells left. Large closet and plenty of storage space. Breakfast was good, bagels, toast cereals, fruit, waffles. We never had to wait for a table usually got there between 8.30-9.00. Loverly Korean restaurant opposite hotel very reasonable too. We bought a New York City Tours 3 day bus ticket which cost £48 each, which included entry to Emprie State building and ferry ride over to Statue of Libery. Their night tour also stopped in Brooklyn and you were able to get off and take pictures of Brooklyn bridge and New York Skyline. Would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 1 2009 	Value for Money Great Location Beware of differences in rooms	Literally just got back from NY. Stayed 3 nights in the Comfort Inn. The location was brilliant. Couldn't have chosen better. The reception was clean and welcoming, most of the staff were very helpful and chatty. Beware of the Spanish, middle aged female receptionist. She is not friendly and not helpful and we witnessed her arguing with the guests on more than one occasion. All other desk staff were really friendly and helpful. Just steer clear of her and you'll be fine. :)There is a difference in rooms. If your unlucky enough to be given one of the side rooms with one window and no light ask to change immediatley to a front room or back room. The windows make a big difference to the rooms. We asked to change. First the Spanish lady said no, there was no room, not possible. She was lying as the one of the guys swapped us a few hours later to a room at the front of the hotel. The difference was amazing. The rooms were clean and welcoming. A little old in decor and the aircon noisy but relly and truly for the price the rooms are a good deal. Much better than staying a hostel. The showers in both rooms were fantastic and despite reading reviews prior to our trip we thught the bathroom was clean and adequate and not small.With the coffee cafe next door and Brendans restaurant on the other side you are not short food or caffine.Do not try the coffee machine in reception! YUKInternet was free in reception, but there can be a long que.Two main lifts which were adequate but slow.Breakfast was not luxe. It was ok. Bread/toast/bagels/donuts/cereal and muffins. It was good enough although repetative. Plastic cutlery, plates and cups were interesting.Take margerine with you. Unless you fancy defrosting the butter with your lighter you will have problems! Good idea to take your own jams, peanut butter, marmite etc. to jazz up breakfast.Macy's and Broadway forty meters away. Empire State building right behind the hotel.The windows in the second room opened without problem and the aircon worked. We did not find the noise from the street that bad.Construction is going on in the building next door but we didn't hear anything while we were there.The hotel is old, but it does have character and considering the price we were more than happy. It's right opposite the Hilton which costs tons more.Didn't actually see the maids but the room was clean and the beds were fresh. Plenty of towels in the bathroom.The safe worked well and was big enough for all documents, ipods, camaras etc.Easy to catch taxi's in front of the hotel or in front of Macy's.Big cheap Old Navy store down the side of Macy's. Value for money.Area felt safe.In general, bargain for price - just beware of the receptionist mentioned above!	
Jun 22 2009 	great location ideal for the money should not complain!	The staff was ok, the lady receptionist's very helpful opposed to the males who were a little on the grumpy side. The breakie was abundant, eat as much as you like with good service. The room was large, could of done having double glazing to keep the noise out, but anyhow thats NY loud and full of life. Location was ideal, everything you want is within 30 mins walk. Ideal place if you are on a budget, dont expect the Waldorf here as you get what you pay for.	
Jun 18 2009 	Couldn't get a better location	Stayed here as part of a Virgin package for four days.Room typical city centre with one exception...a great top to bottom view of the Empire State Building out of our hotel window.500 yards to the Empire State or Macy's, 7 blocks from Times Square and the theatres.This was an ideally located hotel in the heart of the city. Breakfast pretty good also.Would recommend.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great location not so great hotel	Me and my husband did a twin holiday with Virgin going to New York and Las Vegas. On arrival to this hotel we were greeted by staff who weren't that friendly and really quite grumpy. Our room had a good view of the Empire State building but there was some building work going on outside which continued thoughout the night. When asked to move rooms staff didn't seem to care or want to help. Also the cold tap in our room didn't work and our toilet got blocked. We went to breakfast to find we had to use plastic knives and forks and paper plates and plastic cups which we drank watered down juice from. Overall the location of this hotel is great but the hotel is not so great. All we were looking for was a place to sleep and use as a base, however the disruptions in the night meant we didn't even get a good nights sleep!	
Jun 2 2009 	Location Location Location	We did read some bad reviews but were surprized that the Hotel was so good for the price paid. Virgin Holidays 4 nights including flights and transfers £600 per person, what a bargain. Hotel so very central. Good staff at reception very busy but efficient. Free Internet. Rooms Clean and OK but have a look at your room first, we gathered that they were not all as good as ours. Plenty of clean towels and hot water An old hotel but plenty of character. Breakfast OK Orange Juice and coffee and toast plentiful. I bought a jar of marmelade and took it down with me. Not much seating but we used the bar area and sat in the window..great. Overall a very good experience for four Saga louts !We ate out all the time, once you get out of the centre it gets much cheaper and the food much better. Wine £30 bottle on average. Little Italy is great for people watching. We avoided the loop bus at $44 and stayed on the public buses which were great and frequent. We even went to Harlem and got off the bus had a meal and the got back on the bus and did the complete circle. Everyone is very chatty on the bus and advice is plentyful. They only accept loose change and the bus fare is $2 each where ever you go and you can change buses as long as it is within 2 hours. Had a super break. If you want a museum then go the The Frick your mouth will drop open what an experience	
May 27 2009 	Ideal place to stay	I stayed here with my husband and young sons last week. I was a little wary after reading certain reviews so was very pleasantly surprised on arrival. The receptionist who dealt with us on arrival was very friendly and helpful - in fact, all of the staff we encountered during our stay were. We were greeted whenever we walked past reception and wished a good day by staff we passed in the corridors and lift. Our room was slightly dated decor-wise but was clean, comfortable and a good size. The bathroom was surprisingly a decent size too. Our room had a walk-in closet, flat screen TV, fridge and microwave.The included breakfast was a good start to the day - the buffet selection being cereal, toast, fruit, bagels, waffles, donuts, muffins, juices, tea and coffee - and the adjoining restaurant where breakfast is served is lovely. Tea and coffee is also available at all times, free of charge, in the reception area. There is also a guest computer and printer there too.The hotel is very well located for exploring the city. The Empire State Building is just around the corner, Macys is across the road at other end of the street. Times Square is a 10 minutes walk away (maybe less!) and a subway station is at the end of the street. Top Of The Rock is quite close by too, 10-15 minutes on foot. This wasn't my first time in New York but it was the first time I'd stayed at this hotel and I would certainly stay here next time!	
May 22 2009 	Much better than expected	After reading some of the reviews before setting off i was a little concered. On arrival we were greeted (if thats what you can call it) by the staff who hardly spoke unless it was to each other!! Once we were in the room, we stayed on the 6th floor in 609 and it was lovely, Clean, nice size, Very comfy queen size bed, View of the empire state building. Flat screen tv, nice size bathroom, safe (which you have to pay $1.09 per day for) in all pretty good. We did not try the breakfast, room service or the connecting restaurant. The location was fantastic, right between Macy's and the empire state building. Subway station just on the corner which was very handy. A wicked pizza place on the same corner (try the pepperoni roll, very nice).The only really bad thing to say which wasn't the hotels doing, was behind the hotel they are building, and banging and drilling at all hours through the night. Don't let this put you off though because In all I would stay here again for its location and cleanliness.	
May 18 2009 	Great location and a comfy stay	Me and friends decided to spend a week over New Years in this hotel and was very pleased. The room was basic but we expected it to be due to our budget and the title of the hotel. We had everything we needed though. The staff we so helpful as this was our first time in New York the receptionist got a map out and spent the next 30-45mins showing us where to go which was nice as we had in our heads what to do but he showed us the best way of doing it in the time we had.We had breakfast included in our deal which was in the resturant next door. The buffet offered everything you could think of tea, coffee, juice, bagels, toast, ceral the lot!!!The hotel was in a prime location with only a short walk to all the main sights. I would definatly think of staying here again due to the friendly staff and price.	
May 14 2009 	Excellent value!	This is an excellent choice for comfort and convenience at a reasonable cost. My room was small but clean and recently remodeled, it seems. The staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms on the streetside can be noisy, but new york is a noisy place.	
May 10 2009 	Ideal base for your holiday.	Me and my partner visited this hotel on a twin centre holiday in December '08 with Virgin Holidays (twinned with Las Vegas).The hotel is in an ideal location for exploring all of Manhattan, its very central, turn left youve got Macy's at the end of the street turn left and your on 5th Avenue and at the Empire State Building!The hotel is small and tired but as this was my first time to New York i didnt know what to expect but from what i know now unless you pay top dollar this is the norm. In all fairness it is just a base for your holiday. Eat breakfast somewhere else though! We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant once and you had to eat from a paper plate with a plastic knife and fork! Yet during the day in the same place they serve delicious food and and drinks with great service.. couldnt work this one out!The staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpfull. But is is one of those hotels that your sat on the coach waiting to be dropped at your hotel and think 'ooh hope thats not mine' and it is!I highly recommend a full helicopter trip! Highlight of the whole holiday!	
May 8 2009 	all you could want...and shopping nearby	this was our first trip to the big apple and we couldnt have chosen a better place to stay for sightseeing and shopping , macys one way and 5th ave the other , the staff were friendly and polite and the breakfast was a bonus and not muddles or unorganised at allthe room was large (we chose a twin) and it was warm and homely considering that it was -6 outside and snowing we didnt have much of a view but whos looking for one when there is so much to do outside anywaycoffee and tea on tap in the recetption area was very welcome, and also internet access.all in all a very pleasent stayreccomended	
May 1 2009 	Great hotel very kind staff and great location!!	We stayed four days in hotel and it was realy nice expirience. We were suprised how near is Times Square. The staff were realy kind. We had even breakfast in our price, which is not so tipically for hotels in NYC. We were also suprised how quite was in room.I would definietly recommend this hotel and I we will probably come back one day in this hotel. WE LOVE NYC!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	execllent value	we stayed there 3 times in total,a girlie trip,a part honeymoon trip. and a cuppels trip, every thing is with in walking distance,easy to get around, a great base , getting to and from.would like some tea and coffee making facilities that would be haven on earth after sight seeing and shopping all day,also set you up first thing in the morning,with out having to go down bug eyed to breakfast, having said all that , i would go back there again after all, its location, location,location	
Apr 3 2009	cheapcomfortablecentralcleancome stay there .	I had read reviews of this hotel and wondered what on earth i was letting myself in for,even pulling up to the hotel i was rather dubious but once in the reception was greeted by the desk staff in a friendly way that put any niggling doubts to rest,lady behind the desk gave mummy and myself maps and lots of useful info and reminded us that the breakfast was complimentary .Rooms were a good size(by NYC standards) clean and had all we needed, at this point i must question the doubting thomases who complain about the rooms,what exactly are you looking for ? surely a bedroom in NYC is a base from which to explore the city,it is not known as a city that attracts people to book a room in which to stay in all day and relax,surely other wonderful cities would suit far better for&quot;getting away and unwinding&quot;. Location is spot on,empire state building to the right,macys to the left,subway a hop,skip and jump away........now what more could you need ? Others have &quot;dissed&quot;the breakfast but my mother and i were very happy with it,oatmeal,toast,bagels,cereal,buns,donuts,juice,hot drinks-a lovely choice and if that doesnt set you up in the morning then sure you can go expand the waistline and arterys all you like in one of the many diners close by. If you have booked this hotel and are now worried about some reviews then please put those worries aside,by all means it is not the waldorf astoria but if that is your usual standard of hotel then pay an awfully lot more ,but for reasonable rate stay here,(all the more spending pennies for the shops) :-) Tip: transfers can be expensive-book super shuttle,hotel-jfk 2 people 38$. hotel will give you number.	
Mar 28 2009	Great location for a tour group	I stayed at this hotel with a school group of 30 kids and would highly recommend it for its central location, close to Herald Square, Times Square, Penn Station, Madison Square Gardens, subway access &amp; plenty of shopping for our students! If you're a budget traveler who doesn't need to be surrounded by luxury to survive a holiday, and would rather get out on the street to experience the city, this is the place to stay. We liked the quaint old-fashioned spiraling staircase &amp; outside mason brick exterior; sure beats the modern-day boxy looking concrete buildings.There was a bit of construction/renovation noise to deal with but we were up early every day so that didn't really affect our visit. My only disappointment was with the breakfast buffet, which featured mostly starchy 'white food' like bread, muffins, toaster waffles, baked (not boiled) bagels, boiled eggs and 2 types of cereal. The only fruit was whole oranges and apples. This became tedious after a week and we found ourselves hunting for other varieties of fruit &amp; cereals for breakfast. There were no refrigerators in the rooms to keep our own supply of snacks.We chaperones had dinner in the pub/restaurant downstairs one night and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. The place sure was hopping on St Patrick's Day!	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfect location	I stayed at this hotel twice in 2 years now, the latest being Feb 2009. The location of this hotel is fantastic. It is located on W35th St, near Herald Sq and close to many of the attractions of NYC.Times sq- 10 min walkEmpire state- 5 min walkMadison Sq Garden- 10 min walkMacys- 2 min walkHerald Sq- 2 min walkThe hotel itself is undergoing a renovation, luckily enough i was staying in a room that had recently been renovated. The newly refurbished room, 603, was very nice, clean, modern, and the beds are nice and comfy (which is essential after a day exploring NYC!) The room had a safe, flat screen TV, microwave, fridge and free Wireless internet access. Anyone who visits the hotel, I recommend they visit the Playwrights Irish pub across the road. The owner and staff are very friendly, and they sell good pub grub.  The only downside about this hotel is the rooms get very hot, the radiators appear to be part of the NYC heating system and there was no way to turn it down, there is a air con unit in the room however, so we were able to get the room to a comfortable temperature. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, its a nice hotel in a fantastic location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Decent value for money great friendly staff	Me and my husband stayed her for my birthday for 4 nights. I found the staff were very friendly we arrived at 1.00pm and at once were given the keys to our room for easy and efficently. The lifts were very small but i found we never waited long and we did have a couple of school parties booked in the same time as us (yeah lucky us not !!!).We were quite happy with the room at first glance looked excatly the same as on the website. i did ask for a smoking room which they gave us no problem, but i do have to agree with some of the reviews, even as a smoker the smell is quite disgusting, but cant really complain because smoke does smell. The only bad point about the room is with the heating. Unlike the other reviews I found out room quite cold never had any heating it only seemed to come on about 3 in the morning and it made the most horrandas noise.The breakfast was prob not to everyone ones tast but it did me and my husband they were all very friendly that worked in there and they never once asked for a tip (which i did read in on review that they asked for them). and were always filling up when empty.I cant say that i actual saw any bed bugs but after reading all these reviews about them i never actual had big bites but i did sort of have a itchy rase which i put down to the cold weather or the cahnge of sheets. but who knows i wouldnt like to say.I really did like my stay here and found it great value for money would reccomeded	
Mar 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel! - Everything you could want for a trip to NYC	Stayed for 5 nights with 10 people and couldn't ask for better. Smack bang in the middle of the city - a gateway to everything. Empire State Building literally around the corner and subway entrance at end of street taking you to all destinations. I recommend getting a 7 day Metro Card - $25 for limitless subway and bus rides - well worth it. Breakfast was delicious - Bagels, cereals, waffles, toast, donuts, muffins, tea, coffee, juice and much more! Internet and printer available in reception which is handy for checking in for flights online etc. .Staff were very helpful, helped to book lots of trips- i would advise doing everything through them or at least seek their advice as there are a lot of touts and companies who sell fake tickets or give misguided info to sell you a product. Bar staff at Brendans, which is the bar attached to the hotel were brilliant - the drinks are very reasonable and the Cosmopolitans are really nice. They look after you and we had a free round of drinks for our custom. Also the bar food was to die for - MUST TRY. We had 3 in a room and two double beds in it. The beds were so comortable we wanted to take them home. Good size rooms and bathrooms and great closet space. The rooms were spotless - fully hoovered, towels changed and everything changed daily. We had a newly re-furbished room and was very well done. Some rooms are still being done out but will all be completed soon. If you are going soon the 4th Floor is already done out so you may want to request a room on that floor for now. The street the hotel is on has plenty of amenities, three Irish bars, fast food joints, Cocktail Lounge called Catwalk and various Souvenir shops. I recommend Digital Express dead opposite the hotel as the owners Charles and George are very helpful and will offer some discounts. There were 10 of us and we received way over $100 discount between us on all the souvenirs and memorabilia you could hope for. My only warning to anyone (not about the hotel) but about a tour Guide Company called Grayline. They do Hop on, Hop Off buses around the city. They offered us a package of hop on, hop off buses for 2 days which was fab, but also an express pass to Empire State and boat tour to, and to get off and see Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. PLEASE BE AWARE their New York Water Taxi (small yellow boat) DOES NOT, I REPEAT DOES NOT stop off at the islands it just sails around. The only way to get to the islands is to go to battery park and use liberty cruises - the official company and pay $12.00 for a ticket which is very cheap. Also the Empire State part was not worth it because although it has a queue jump, if you get there early enough there is no queue anyway. So after paying $73 each we only used the bus, payed extra for an express Empire State pass we did not need and had to shell out another $12.00 for another Statue of Liberty Ticket. Apart from that we had the most amazing time - its the best city in the world in my opinion and the Hotel was certainly a big part of that experience.	
Mar 11 2009 	Bedbug alarm!!!	OK hotel - nice location - but after my first night I found bedbugs in my bed!!!!! Scooped the bugs up and took them down to the reception. The guys there did not seem surprised and gave me a new room. Didn't sleep very well after that. Now, back in Norway, I wonder if some of the little buggers have taken the trip back home with me....	
Feb 25 2009 	decent rooms ..nice staff its where we will stay on our next visit	i was really off put about visiting this hotel after reading some of the reviews but when arriving at the comfort inn we found the staff more than friendly the rooms were cosy and clean although the view out the window was a wall ,its a city and a very compact one at that so i didnt really expect a view.the breakfast at brendons wasnt fanastic but that didnt worry me as we like to eat out and about . the location is fantastic macys and the empire state at one end and the subway at the other....we had an evening meal in brendons and that was lovely and also there is o'rileys over the street that do a mean burger.....so dont worry bout the hotel it is more than FINE x	
Feb 20 2009	Fabulous location clean and comfortable exactly what we wanted	Me and my sister have just stayed here for 6 nights, we were quite worried having read reviews on this sight. All I can say is if you go here expecting a clean, comfortable hotel in a fabulous location... nothing spectacular, that's what you'll get.We arrived and were checked in with minimum fuss and I have to say I found the receptionist pleasant enough it took all of 5 mins. Our room was 1107, we were on the 11th floor we overlooked the road, however we had a view of the Empire State Building!!!! We booked a double x double room, however this room did only have 1 x double bed and a single... there was only 2 of us so it was no problem at all. I was pleasantly surprise by the size considering things I'd read on here. It had a large walk in closet and decent size bathroom. There was loads of room for storage of suitcases etc, we had 4 cases between us!!! It had been decorated quite tastefully and the carpets were perfectly clean. We also had nice clean towels everyday, It was everything you’d expect from any hotel, we were not disappointed at all. We did have one issue when the toilet stopped flushing, so we rang the reception and they sent up the maintenance man and within a short time it was fixed.The Hot water needed to be ran for quite sometime before it ran hot, once you got the knack it was fine.The Breakfast was complimentary and honestly we thought it was alright really. There was hot tea and coffee, fruit juice, bagels, muffins, doughnuts, toast, eggs, fruit, cereal, waffles…. It was enough to set you up, if not... you’re free to go somewhere else… you haven’t paid any extra for it!!!! This was in Brendan’s bar, which also has a breakfast menu at an additional cost. This restaurant is lovely on a night, we ate here one night and I had a lovely steak, the place looked a totally different on a night… worth a visit if your tired and can’t be bothered to do much.The Lifts weren’t enormous by any means, but they were big enough to fit in quite a few people or just us 2 with our suitcases. It is true that at times you had to wait a while, especially at breakfast time… but it wasn’t a big deal, we never waited longer than 5 mins. We found the staff fine, even the maids were very chatty in the lifts, asking us about our visit and giving us some insider tips. However we aren’t the type of people who need the staff to be over the top and in your face all the time, so we were more than satisfied. The location was definitely the selling point of this hotel, it was a 5min walk to Macy’s and the Empire State Building, 10 mins to Times Square… the Subway is also just outside (you can buy a all day ticket for $7, well worth it) We also found a coupon in one of the free leaflets for $5 off a fixed price taxi return to the airport, we rang and booked it and it turned up on time and only charged the same as we’d paid on arriving, which is a standard fare of $45 plus toll, around $60 with a tip. New Yorkers are very big on their tips, so be prepared.	
Feb 13 2009 	A Great Stay In NYC	My husband and I have just returned from a 5 night stay in The Comfort Inn. Our room was 1009 and we had a wonderful view of the ESB. The room was spacious and very clean and a wonderful comfy bed and spotless bathroom, albeit a little small but more than adequate.The only problem with the room was that we over looked a building site that started at 7.00am each morning but that was no fault of the hotel and we were up by then anyway.The breakfast at the hotel was lovely, offering cereal, toast, waffles, bagels and cakes etc as well as juice or tea, coffee. The staff at breakfast were great, clearing up and re-filling constantly. it annoyed me that i did not see one person apart from ourselves drop even a dollar in the tip jar, even though there was no pressure to do so (unlike paying dining in NYC) these guys deserved a tip!!All staff in the hotel were friendly and courteous and always available to help. The elevators although not express were quick and always running.Brendans Bar was great for a night cap and poured a mean screw Driver!!Outside of the hotel to the left within a minutes walk was the Subway and Macy's, then a further 10 minutes to Times Square, and to the right was a minute walk to 5th Avenue and all the shops and the ESB!! The location of this hotel was perfect.All in all we had a great time at this hotel and NYC, but will leave it there as this review is for the hotel, but am happy to answer any other questions you may have.	
Feb 9 2009	Fantastic value hotel in great location	Was a little nervous about this hotel after reading a few reviews describing it as grubby - but it was so much better than I expected. Ok, it's not the Hilton, but if you want a comfy bed in a clean room, a clean bathroom with hot shower, in a fantastic location, this is great. The bed was v comfy, could see Empire State Building from room, never had a prob with heating, flatscreen TV, wireless access, bathroom needed updating but was clean and had good shower, and never had a problem with noise. Macy's is a two minute walk away on one side, Fifth Avenue at the end of the other. Could walk to Times Square in 10 minutes, subway two minutes away, and so many diners and shops. It was brilliant. Bought a hop on hop off ticket but didn't rate it much - tour guides not great - so did a lot by myself as it's so easy to find everything. Of course, the hotel needs a little updating, but as long as it's clean and looks nice, that's all that matters. I've read complaints about lifts but had no problems. Would really recommend this hotel if on a budget but want somewhere nice and central.	
Jan 25 2009	Perfect location	We have just returned from our first visit to New York which was to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Our room was on the 11th Floor and was much larger than I expected, having been previously warned that hotel rooms in New York are small. Although we had a large bay window and another large window to the side the room felt dark due to the window dressings. Sadly, we didn't have much of a view but we were not expecting much of a view in a busy city centre.The bathroom was small but it served it's purpose. The complimentary toiletries are not worth having, teeny-weeny bottles! On the plus side there was an abundance of fluffly white towels - much more than needed.There were two three quarter beds in our room, which were high from the ground and a bit of a tight squeeze for two! The room was also pleasantly decorated.The Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Our electricity went off one morning, it was restored quickly and efficiently.The best thing about this hotel has to be it's location. The Empire State Building is just around the corner to the left and Macy's at the end of the block to the right. There are a couple of Irish Pubs over the road and a lovely micro brewery/pub at the base of the Empire State Building.We managed to navigate pretty well on foot, the street/avenue grid is easy to get your mind around once you know how. As well as the Empire State Bulding and Macy's, Times Square, 5th Avenue and Grand Central Station are all within walking distance.We bought a hop-on, hop-off two day bus ticket to see the sights and get our bearings. We did the Downtown Tour and the Brooklyn Loop as we more or less did the uptown tour ourselves by foot. We hopped off the Downtown Tour at Ground Zero and walked to Battery Park to catch the Free Staten Island Ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. We had a great view of her from the River and ferry then swapped ferries to come straight back.Overall, we did not like the food we ate, we stuck to the chains like Planet Hollywood and TGI Fridays but found the food was greasy and served cold. We would go to the little off main street diners next time, there are lots and lots to choose from.Highlights of our trip has to be the Empire State Building, the views are amazing, the Statue of Liberty, Macy's. Tiffany's, Central Park in the snow and buzzing atmosphere of Times Square.As for the Comfort Inn, Manhattan I would only choose to stay there again if the budget was tight. I felt it was ok, but just ok - not quite a three star, but certainly more than a one star as the site suggests. The common areas looked grubby, the lift was tiny as was the Reception. Tea and coffee should be available in the room not just Reception and a courtsey room available when travelling home later in the day. These are important points to me but everything can be forgiven for it's fantastic location.	
Jan 24 2009 	Great Hotel	Myself, sister-in-law &amp; mother-in-law stayed in this hotel from the 15-19 Jan. We had a triple room which consisted of a double &amp; single bed. En - suite had everything you needed-soap, shampoo etc, fresh towels everyday. Room also had a small walkin wardrope which held the safe which was approx $1 a day to rent, flat screen TV, room was defo big enough for all 3 of us. We were all impressed with the room I think we were expecting something a little shabby as it was described as a budget hotel but it was lovely &amp; very comfortable. Reception staff were all lovely and very helpful- even gave us the 11% Macy's visitors card when we checked in which meant we didnt have to que in Macy's for it. They pre-booked our Woodbury Common tickets for us too. Breakfast was perfect as we didnt think it was included so we were happy out. Big enough selection and they refill also. If you want a Full Irish it costs approx $10 but we were happy with what was laid out. Hotel is literally just around the corner from the Empire Estate Building. Times Square is about 7 blocks down and the Port Authority is about 5/6 blocks from the hotel too so all in all not a bad location. The building is old &amp; in need of some repair in places-eg. corridors etc but I know they are working on this and are taking it floor by floor- there is 11 or 12 so it'll take them awhile I guess but otherwise its a great little hotel. I was a travel agent for serveral years &amp; I would defo recommend this hotel!	
Jan 12 2009	Fantastic Location	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Comfort Inn Manhattan, and we were not disappointed, Fantastic value for money, includes breakfast which was a bonus, a little work could be done on the corridors and lobby area, but your hardly there too much to notice, the sights are amazing, The Empire State Building is well worth a visit, the city guide tours are also fab, really did'nt want to come home, a truly amazing experience, will definitely be back .	
Jan 9 2009	Good but with problems	The hotel is in a great location. The room we had was very nice...small but nice. The view out the window was a brick wall. The people there were very nice. And the bed was comfortable. It had nice flat screen TVs and the room seemed to have been recently remodeled. The bathroom was large and the closet was a walk in.We went as part of a tour so I don't really know what the room cost, the tour was a set price for the whole thing.But there were some problems. The room was VERY HOT. The furnice was hidden under something that looked like a wall and we didn't find it until the 2nd day. It would not turn off. So when I called down to ask someone to come turn it off, I was told to turn the air conditioner on. I explained it had been on as high as it would go since we got there and the room was still very uncomfortable. Then they said they would turn off the boiler which I guess they did becuase it started cooling off. Why wouldn't they have it where you could turn it off in the room? And why, in this day of trying to conserve would they tell me to run the air and the heat at the same time???There was absolutely no water pressure. It seemed the higher up you were, the worse it was. But even that tiny stream of water was missed when the water totally went out for the entie hotel one morning. Of course, things happen but I was sitting in the lobby waiting to meet my group and heard the front desk clerk tell everyone that called that the water would be back on in 15 minutes even after I heard the plumber tell her he didn't know what the problem was and he had no idea when it would be back on. Come on, just tell folks the truth so they can deal with it and get on with their day. We were on the 4th floor. The elevators were very tiny and very slow. It didn't matter much to us because we could take the stairs but some of our group were on the 11th floor and they were at the elevator's mercy.The free breakfast was terrible and the people putting it out all but asked for a tip.I'm not sure how to answer the &quot;would you recommend&quot; question because I would tell them the good and the bad.	
Dec 29 2008 	Nice Size Room Very Suprised	My boyfriend and I recently went to New York for Christmas holiday. Based on the reviews we were pretty nervous. Upon arrival I was suprised at how big the room was. there was plenty of space. We absolutely loved the fact that the Flat Screen tv was expandable!!!!! Bathroom was a bit tiny but otherwise the room was perfect. Bed was comfortable. we could look out our window and see the empire state building!!!!Great location for shopping..I recommend room 1108!!!!!!!	
Dec 23 2008 	Great deal in Midtown	I had to admit that I was nervous when we booked this hotel. We usually stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown and this place is only rated 1 star by this site.We checked in without any problems and took the elevator to our floor. The doors opened and... eww... are we really spending the night here?? The hallway was dirty, smelly, and a lot of other not nice things. But then we walked through the door to our hallway and everything changed. The decor was pleasant, the smell disappeared, and we seemed to have entered an entirely different hotel. And our room? Huge! Beautiful! 13 foot celilings! Plenty of natural light. Why this place doesn't clean up their elevator foyers I don't know, but the rest of the hotel is wonderful.The breakfast is also a great deal. Unlike the Comfort Inn we usually stay at where breakfast is a bunch of cold items in a really small room, the breakfast here was in the attached restaurant (which is beautiful and classic-looking, by the way). Plenty of room. Plenty of food. Location is great. 1/2 a block from a subway. 1 block to Macy's and Herald Square. At $160 a night this place is a hell of a deal. We'll probably start staying here instead of the other Comfort Inn from now on.	
Nov 26 2008 	DIS-Comfort Inn Manhattan...	Myself and a group of friends (5 in total) stayed here for 5 nights quite recently. The location - which is what attracted us to the hotel - is absolutely fantastic. Located between 5th/6th Avenues, it is literally minutes walk from Macy's and the subway. However, there ends the positive. The breakfast - which is included in the price - is self-service. Cutlery is plastic (my bete noire), plates and cups are disposable and the coffee/hot water is from flasks. Not very user or environmentally friendly. Limited choice, which included a tray of cold boiled eggs, did not do much to whet our appetites. We ate there one morning only...The rooms we were allocated were badly in need of re-decoration and thorough cleaning. They were not dirty per se, but looked, smelled (and felt) 'unclean'. Some of us have come away with unwelcome additions i.e. bites from what we suspect were bed bugs. As the rate was €299 per room per night (plus taxes, which brought the cost up to €342.49), I expected a hell of a lot more for our money. We stayed in the Omni Berkshire (East 52nd St.) on a previous trip for a lot less money and there is no comparison in the standard. I understand there is a refurbishment programme in progess and would advise you insist on one of the rooms already refurbished when booking. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Nov 4 2008 	Clean and Fabulous Location	I spent two nights in the city @ the Comfort Inn Manhattan/Murray Hill. Location: The location was excellent. Macy's was at one end of the block and the Empire State at the other. There was a subway stop close by as well and Penn Station (Amtrak) was just a 15 minute walk away. Starbucks was a block away as well as was a Duane Read (drugstore). The area was safe and clean.Rooms: The hotel was clean (it appeared that our bathroom had just been redone) but dated. The rooms were ample sized for NYC and had some nice touches such as bed skirts. We did not have any problems with noise levels either from the interior or exterior.The staff at the hotel was most friendly and the lobby offered a bit of a resting spot with free coffee.It was certainly a budget feel but great for the location and price.	
Oct 15 2008	(Dis)Comfort Inn	We arrived at 9.30pm to find the room allocated was not as booked, and no hot water. In the morning breakfast was served on plastic plates, with plastic cutlery and paper cups. Hot drinks came from flasks and the selection from the buffet is very limited.We were asked to vacate our room by 9am the next day whilst they prepared another room which would be available 4pm later that afternoon. Both rooms were noisy. The staff were very reluctant to admit the problem with our booking was their fault even though we produced written evidence of our booking. The maid knocked at 8am to clean the room and on the day of departure was amazed that we were still there even though we had booked a late check-out which we had to confirm at The Front Desk 3 times. There is a vending machine which dispenses free hot drinks into paper cups in the lobby for guests.The beds are comfortable. Recommed taking ear plugs if you are light sleeper. The food is nothing to write home about. Recommend contacting Big Apple Greeters for a free informal guided walking tour of the city to gain your bearings a few weeks before your visit. Try Ellens Stardust Diner for a bite to eat and entertainment.	
Oct 10 2008 	Friendly Buget Hotel!	We have just returned from a very comfortable 3 night stay at the Comfort Inn. The Hotel was exactly as we were expecting after reading reviews on this forum. On arrival at the Hotel our check in went very smoothly, we were allocated our non smoking room as requested and given our &quot;keys&quot; to room 409. The receptionist seemed very polite and helpful, explaining about the tea and coffee, internet facility and where breakfast would be served, about the works within the Hotel and also the location of othe local ammenities such as drug stores and subway stations. There is a modernisation programme going on within the Hotel at present, of which we were aware before arrival. However, the only sign we saw of this were workmen loading the lift in the evening, it certainly caused us no bother. The hotel also booked our transport back to Newark. This turned out to be a Limo and saved us just over $10 on the price of a Taxi. Not much, but definately a more comfortable ride.When we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised by its size and the amount of storage space. The room had a good sized Queen bed, table and chairs, large chest of drawers and a cupboard/wardrobe, complete with coat hangars, iron and board and keycode safe. So there was no tripping over the suitcases!The room also had an air conditioning/heating unit, but we did not need to use it during our stay.As the room was at the back of the Hotel we had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. There was also some works being undertaken on a demolished building right behind the Hotel, as a result there was no need for an alarm clock as they started work at 7am sharp!The bathroom was perfectly adequate and very clean. The shower was very powerful and always hot. Our towels were replaced every day when the room was cleaned.Breakfast was fine. Not very exciting but as described by previous reviews. However, we still managed to smile at the disposable cutlery. But it was included in the price and meant we didn't have to buy food untill lunchtime.The location of the Hotel is fantastic with all the major attractions in easy reach.I would not hesitate to recommend this Hotel to anyone and would certainly visit again.	
Sep 16 2008 	noisy front bedrooms.	The front of the hotel overlooks 35th street, and as the cars and lorries seem to honk their horns continuously, it can get noisy. That said however, the room was adequate, with two double beds in it - could explain the reason some people call the rooms small, with nowhere to store suitcases etc - but very comfy and clean. No tea making facilities, so you may like to take a travel kettle for your early morning cuppa (European adaptor does not work in USA so you may have to buy a different one whilst there). Free tea and coffee in the reception, but 11 floors down in my nightie does not appeal!!! The breakfast was not very nice - same every day, bagels, waffles, cakes and toast. Filling but stodgy. Free internet access in reception - but only one computer, so there was always a queue for it no matter what time of day or evening. Taxi fare from JFK is a fixed 45 dollars, plus 5 dollars road toll, in a yellow cab. Same on return - although the receptionist said that we should take the firm they recommend (100 dollars or thereabouts!) as there was not a fixed fee for return journey. Not true. Taxi rank just by Macey's store,a two minute walk from the hotel. Hotel was fine for the price - however the weather was really wet on a couple of days we were there, and it would have been nice had there been a large reception/sitting area, instead of having to go to the room. Only a small lobby/reception at this hotel. Bathroom o.k., but no shelves to put things on, so toiletries had to go on floor. Think on reflection I would maybe go for a different hotel (Metro opposite looks nice), but it was a central position and easy to get to all the 'must see' sights.	
Sep 11 2008 	A good hotel for the budget conscience traveller	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights at the start of Sept and were not expecting too much prior to our arrival due to previous reviews and photos but when we got to our room (on the 11th floor), we were both pleasantly suprised. Think we must of had one of the renovated rooms. I was expecting a really chintzy bedspread and floral patterns everywhere, but we got nothing like that.The room was a decent size for a New York hotel. There was a wardrobe which was big enough to put suitcases away. The in-room safe was in the wardrobe (which we found out upon check out that we had to pay $1 a day for it). Room to hang clothes up (hangers provided) and space for all those shopping bags. Bed was comfy. Television was mounted on the wall. Table and chairs in room as well. But no fridgeThe bathroom was small, but big enough for what you need it for.Breakfast was included. You get the basics : bagels, juice, tea/coffee, toast, doughnuts, cereal. Cutlery is plastic, which took us by suprise. You can get a cooked breakfast but it'll cost you a few dollars.Location is very good - never too far from an attractionReception staff weren't the most friendliest bunch of people i've ever met. But they did recommend a very nice Chinese restaurant across the street (next to the Korean restaurant)Our room wasn't cleaned till late afternoon (after 3pm) on 2 days. There was no 'maid service' sign to hang on doorIf you go to New York to explore the city and the shops and not spend the whole time locked away in the hotel, this place is fine.	
Aug 14 2008	great location	just returned from our trip to nyc were we stayed at the comfort inn mid town manatton great location just around the corner from the empire state building and macys department store . we were told when we booked that there would be minor buiding work going on during our stay but we saw no indication of this whatsoever .the hotel was clean and perfect for our needs which was a base while we were in new york . the bathroom was rather small and the closet i think you would struggle to hang all your clothes if you were staying for more than a few daysthe free breakfast set us up for the day which was great the stair wells were narrow and not very attractive but we used the lifts which were fine .staff very pleseant and helpful would definatly stay here again everything was so easy to find from this location.	
Aug 13 2008 	Location is the Best Thing about this Hotel	I loved the location of this hotel. Macys, Herald Square, Empire State Building were all right around the corner. Times Square was just a short walk away. I have stayed in NYC a few times and this was the smallest hotel room yet. The room was clean but the carpet should have been replaced years ago and I found the electrical outlets that were falling out of the wall a bit disturbing. The lobby is attractive but everything else in the building looked old to me. Furniture was not bad and bed was okay, I guess I was just hoping for a little better. If you do not need a lot of room and your expectations are not too high, this hotel will be fine, after all who comes to NYC to stay in a hotel room? There is free breakfast--the usual fare--we would have loved to had some fruit but did not see any. Overall-- the staff was nice, it is great location and certainly okay for a one night stay.	
Jul 23 2008 	I Love This Place !!!!!	I first stayed at this hotel in 1995 which was my ist time to NYC, booked as part of a package with Virgin Holidays. Next visited in November 2004 with my wife &amp; 2 kids, again with Virgin Holidays. We have visited every november/december since then to do our christmas shopping &amp; i wouldn't stay anywhere else.The location is absolutely perfect for shopping, 5th Ave is at one end of street, Macy's is the other end of street. You can walk to Times Sq in around 10 mins. The hotel is in a safe location, side street runnung between 5th &amp; 6th Avenues.Rooms are fine, it is an old hotel &amp; so some people on this site seem to knock it for not being as spotless as you would expect a more modern hotel to be. We have always found our rooms to be clean &amp; well kept, fresh towells each day &amp; a nice warm, safe environment. I wouldn't take my kids there if it wasn't good.The hotel has two small lifts so at times you may have to wait a few moments but no real problems there. The hotel offers a free continental breakfast each morning which is served in Brendans bar, it has a wide selection of cakes, pastries, cereals, juices, tea/coffee &amp; also some fresh fruit. We love it &amp; it sets ypu up nicely for the day ahead. The hotel staff are friendly, if you have not been to NYC before you may find them a little abrupt, you will get used to the fact that New Yorkers are like that as its a busy city &amp; everything moves quickly. We have got to know the staff very well &amp; if you treat them nicely then they will treat you nicely. Brian who is the senior reception guy is absolutely great, if you need information on anything then you just ask him &amp; he;ll help. Benny who is the luggage/concierge guy is an absolute diamond, a real New Yorker with a heart of gold. I really can not say any more, we love the hotel, the staff &amp; the city. If you want any info on where to go, what to see &amp; how best to get tickets then please email me &amp; i will share my knowledge &amp; experience on New York. davidsweeney2@aol.com	
Jul 5 2008 	Good Location	The hotel is located at very good location. We can easily walk to Empire State Building and Macy. It is also walkable to Times Square, Public Library and Central Terminal from the hotel. It is also close to subway station. However, hotel provides us a small room with a poorly designed and maintained bathroom. It is very different from the photos showing in websites. Though the bathroom is poor, I still recommend this hotel to friends due to the location.	
Jun 23 2008 	Just "OK"	We stayed here because we got two free nights with our Choice Privleges points. However, had I paid I would have been disappointed. The room was small and dark. The bedding looked clean however there was dust on the floor boards. It could have used a major scrub down. The breakfast was just &quot;ok&quot; and they had coffee and tea in the lobby all day. However, one morning I went to get coffee before the breakfast was open and they only had decaf in the lobby. The desk clerk suggestion was to go down the street rather than just to make the regular coffee. The elevators were slow and one of them was broke down a lot. Also, the ice machine on the 2nd floor never worked during our entire stay. I would go elsewhere for the price. There are nicer hotels in midtown for the same cost. Look further.	
Jun 22 2008 	Dark and dingy room	Upon arriving at this hotel the first impressions of the Lobby area are that it it's small but clean, up to date and well maintained. Upon taking the elevator to the 3rd floor I was somewhat disappointed with the standard of the corridor area, which could do with some serious updating. I felt like that we had wandered by accident into the staff only area of the hotel! Unforuntately this was not the case and we made our way to room 307. For the whole time we were there we had to give the door one hell of a kick to open it after inserting our room keycard.we had a very attractive view of a brick wall, the window recess was mouldy at the top and the window outside was so dirty that even if there was some light able to enter I doubt that it would have been able to penetrate the dirt! This made for a very dingy room and as a result we had to have all 3 lamps on if we were there during the daytime just to be able to see what we were doing.The rest of the room was average, apart from some dodgy looking stains on the carpet which made me very reluctant to walk around the room with no shoes or socks on.The bathroom was basic but clean.The hotel has a good location but there are plenty of other hotels also in the close area which cant all be as bad as this one!If I return to New york in the future I will be avoiding this hotel like the plague.	
Jun 12 2008 	very clean	we stayed here for 3 days and it is a beautiful hotel. The room we stayed in 403 was very cleas and spacious with 2 beds. The bathroom was spacious as well. The empire state building and macys is one block down and the subway to take you uptown or down is right there as well. Good restaurant and extensive free breakfast was great here is a pic	
Jun 6 2008 	Don't expect too much and you'll be ok	I've been to NYC a few times and am a big fan of staying in Jersey and making the short trip by PATH train. You fin the hotels are much nicer and usually around half the price.Anyway..I met up with a friend who had to leave very early next morning so we got this hotel. Taken out of context, for the price, it's rubbish. In context, we're talking about Manhattan....The room was just about big enough for the (admittedly comfortable) bed and the bathroom was tiny but clean....That's it...the only other room we could find available was a Marriot that was $500/night...Therefore, if you take into account location and comparison to other hotels nearby, this represents good value. But, do yourself a favour, be prepared to travel for 10 minutes and stay outside Manhattan.	
May 20 2008 	great location	great hotel located very near Macys one block away. The empire state building is in the other direction one block away. You can easily walk to times square in about 15-20 mins. The hotel has a great restaurant and bar, there are loads of different restaurants in the area if you fancy something different. Great base for exploring the Big Apple, i would definately stay here again	
May 13 2008 	Great place to stay!	We were fortunate to use this hotel for our 2 night stay in NYC in April 2008. We found the room to be very clean, reasonably quiet for a city (we slept very well!), and very convenient for seeing the sights. Everything worked great. The staff were very courteous and helpful for all our needs. If there were any negatives, I'd say we could have used a small refrigerator. But I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 2 2008 	Perfect location Superb Room and Friendly Staff!	Three of my friends and I stayed at this hotel from Apr 3 - 5, 2008. We were so pleasantly surprised as to how central this hotel is to MANY wonderful things in NYC. The Macy's in Herald Square is literally across the street from this hotel (well, not exactly across the street but right at the corner of the block we were on). We were close to the Empire State Building and many subway lines. The staff was eager to please us and were very approachable in reference to suggestions for dining, sight-seeing and more! Our rooms were small (we had two rooms) but clean and perfect for what we were expecting (you don't go to NYC to spend all of your time in your room). The bathrooms were spacious, clean and with great water pressure. The continental breakfast, which is included, was filling and exactly what we needed to get our days started. Free coffee is available in the lobby 24 hours a day and a computer with high speed internet service is also available in the lobby for free for all guests to use! I would definitely stay here again! My friends loved it as well!	
Apr 22 2008 	Couldn't have asked for better	My friend and I stayed here from 11Apr-16Apr08. Upon checkin they did not have a non-smoking room as we had requested but then again I knew it was not guaranteed to us. They were willing to move us the following morning and provided us with an air freshener in the meantime. In the end we stayed put in the smoking room and after keeping the windows open for a while we had no problems with the room for the length of our stay.Our room was clean and a tad bigger than what I was expecting; always a plus. The bathroom was also clean. Our floor had a dip as you got into the room or right before you step into the bathroom but this could not possibly ruin my holiday. I cannot say enough about the staff. They are very accommodating and kind. My friend may feel differently, though, as he tried calling and complaining about a noisy room next door and (his words) was greeted with indifference after two calls down to the front desk. They told him that it had been dealt with but in his opinion it clearly was not. We also had difficulty having our in-room safe repaired for us but on such a wonderful trip it did not dampen my spirits at all.The location was perfect for me. The subway station was just down the block from us, Empire State Building was right around the corner, and for a shopping girl such as myself Macy's was only a skip away! And if that were not enough I was smackdab in the middle of the glorious garment district! It took all my willpower not to spend my whole time trying on all the gorgeous clothes instead of seeing the sites of this beautiful city.The free continental breakfast was not just donuts and juice, thank goodness. They always had an assortment of bagels and cream cheese (this is, after all, New York) and the hard boiled eggs were a great addition. I never tried the free coffee in the lobby but there were plenty of others taking advantage of it so it could not be that bad.A great tip I had learned from another forum: head up the staircase to the rooftop of the hotel. Not only was it unlocked but it was wide open. From here you can get unbelievable shots of the Empire State Building and, my personal favorite, the Chrysler Building. And don't forget to wave to the diners eating on the roof across the street!	
Apr 18 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever!	I stayed here in March of 2008 and I wish I could give it zero stars. This was the worst and nastiest hotel I have ever seen. The website is SO deceiving. Do not believe those pictures. The room was tiny. It was supposed to have two double beds in it, and instead it had one double bed and a twin shoved in the corner. The bedspread was badly stained with who knows what. Our &quot;view&quot; was of a creepy alley with nothing but trash. It smelled terrible and was extremely loud. I really do not understand the good reviews it is getting. Anyway, we checked out immediately, never even unpacked. Do not stay here, especially if you are traveling with family. Its not a family place at all. However the management was nice, and because we immediately checked out they didn't charge us for all of the dates we booked the room for.	
Mar 27 2008 	Good Value	My wife stayed in the Hotel for three nights. We selected it due to its location, just blocks from Broadway, and price. It was difficult to find a decent Hotel under $200 per night but this fit us fine. The rooms are very small and two people could barely walk around the room without bumping into each other. At the same time, we just slept there. It had a wide screen TV, the bed was excellent, the room and bath were new and clean. They had a continental breakfast each morning which was average. There was no parking on site, but there was one across the street. Also, no bellman service, but we handled everything just fine. If you are looking for a budget hotel in Manhatten I would recommend this one.	
Mar 17 2008 	Top of the Line!	We have been staying at this hotel regularly for the last 6 years, probably three to four times per year. The staff is just wonderful, very accommodating and personable. The rooms are clean and spacious and the breakfast, delicious! And for a midtown Manhattan motel, the prices are very reasonable. I would recommend this hotel each and every time, hands down!	
Mar 8 2008 	Ok at best really 1 1/2 stars.	I was put here while on business. The hotel is &quot;european&quot; in the sense of those cheaper places you might have stayed as a college student when you were in Paris in the 80s. Yes, NYC is expensive, but this did not seem a good value. When on my dime, I priceline NYC and get much better deals.Postives1) The staff was friendly and helpful.2) It had some nice older aspects to it and is not generic.3) The bathroom had been redone.Negatives1) The hallways and rooms are in desperate need of a renovation. They were filthy.2) There was a 1/2&quot; gap in the door so one could see 1/2 of the bed from the hallway.3) There is free wireless but I had a stronger signal from the hotel across the street.Depends on your point of view1) Majority of the rooms face air shafts (should be quieter)	
Mar 2 2008 	Clean and great location	Stayed here for 2 nights, on my first trip to NY. we were seeing the sights so didnt really spend much time in the hotel. the hotel itself is quite small, the staff were ok - nothing special - but then i dont really care about that as long as the room is ok. Room was actually quite nice - a bit bigger than i would expect of a city centre hotel. it was very clean and warm (good considering it was -4 degrees outside!). the windows looked out to a brick wall on one side and the other a view up of the Empire state building! but i wasnt there to stare out of the window i was there to see the city!!so all in all this place isnt anything spectaular but its clean, and it was just what we needed. we used the subway a lot and there was a station right at the end of the road. it was also very handy for all the sights/Macys etc.would stay there again.	
Mar 1 2008	Fantastic Location!	A great hotel in a fantastic location - minutes away from Macys and other shops, lots of restaurants/fast food outlets nearby and subway at the end of the street.Rooms were large enough for our needs and clean. Safe provided in room to store valuables and storage area for suitcases too. Free breakfast was ok but lots of lovely cafes nearby if you wanted something different. Although the rooms could be warm it is possible to turn the heating down or the air con up.Would not hesitate in recommending the hotel to anybody looking for a great location at a reasonable price.	
Feb 26 2008 	Excellent Value + Brilliant Stay	Just back from 6 nights at the Comfort Inn. Brilliant!The room was spacious ( by NY standards), cosy, warm, safe and very clean. We were in Room 803, which looked out onto the front of the hotel. Everything worked! The free breakfast was a complete bonus and my only negative and thats cos I'm a bit of a snob is that the breakfast was on paper / plastic plates.... and I believe that God gave us china, knives and forks and we should use them! ( only joking! :) Will book here again for my trip next year. The location is fantastic.... and here's a little tip...... go into Macys at either the beginning or end of the day..... its empty! ENJOY	
Feb 16 2008 	We liked it	Me and my husband stayed in this hotel 7-11 of Feb 2008.I booked the hotel thru a travelagent and wanted to have a basic hotel with a central location,which is exactly what we got !We stayed on the 11 th floor ,one window facing the busy street and the other facing the Empire State Building.New York is a very busy city that never sleeps...you WILL hear the traffic all night long,you WILL hear the building works as there is skyscrapers all around you,but I still think this hotel is FANTASTIC value for your money.The room is basic,but right in the middle of all the sights and shops.Macey's (the biggest department store in the world) is at the end of your street and it's cheap !!!!!!!(the hotel will give you an extra 11% off card there) The Empire State Building is just around the corner and so is ALL the other sights you would want to see.The only place we took a metro to was to the Statue of Liberty and even that was a breeze!!!! The metro leaves a few hundred yards from the hotel and takes about 20 minutes to go to the other side of the island.The breakfast was poor....but you are staying in the middle of New York with zillion little cafes ,corner shops and restaurants around you...do you REALLY need to stay in your hotel ????Our hotel room was clean and fit for purpose (shopping,sightseeing and exploring New York from a fantastic location)My condolencies to the families of Jackie Timmins and Andrew Hardie ,they were so excited about their trip to New York when we briefly spoke to them.The ONLY sad memory of our trip.	
Feb 15 2008 	Worst hotel stay ever!!!	Stayed in this grotty hotel for 4 nights in Jan 08. Wow!! The shame of this hotel... It is very deceiving as the foyer is nice and clean with shiny fmarble floors. But the rooms tell a different story. All night long there were horrid noises as if someone was trying to break into the room- long bangs and crashesagainst the windows and doors. The air con didn't work and was playing up- hence the loud noises!!I have stayed in NYC a number of times before in fantastic hotels but can honestly say this has to be the worse hotel ever...If you want somewhere peaceful, nice and clean then steer clear on the Comfort Inn Manhattan!	
Feb 14 2008 	Great Stay Great Location	Having read some of the reviews on this hotel i was quite worried about going to this hotel but i guess some people just like to complain.Its not exactly the Waldof but then i didnt pay for the Waldof i paid for a budget hotel in central manhattan exactley what i got the location was fantastic around the corner from the empire state building and down the road from Macy's.We booked a twin room and was placed on the 8th floor at the front of the hotel we did over look some building work but didnt hear any noise so that didnt bother us room was larger than we expected with 2 queen size beds bathroom was on the small side but we managed. I agree the breakfast wasnt that good but its not like we had paid for it we actually preferred to eat out and found a lovely deli called Pax just around the corner.All in all a great stay it wasnt a 5 star hotel but they dont advertise it to be.The virgin rep out there was great he had called me 2 weeks before we were due to depart and answered loads of questions i had, He also booked some excusions for us so we didnt have to worry when we got there i would def recommend the Lady Liberty Helicoptor Tour, Tv and Movie sites, empire state building and woodbury common for some great bargains.All in all we had a great time and if we return would quite happerly stay in this hotel unless of coarse i win the lottery.	
Feb 12 2008 	Good Hotel and great location	Good hotel and great location. Empire State Building just round the corner and macys at the end of the street. Rooms were more than adequate, clean and warm, though really was only in the room first thing in the morning and falling into bed at the end of the day. Great irish pub across the road that served great food. Was good getting a breakfast before heading off for the day, bagels, donuts etc. Staff always really friendly and helpful.First time in NY and would would love to go back and would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 10 2008 	Location Location Location	Not the best hotel I have ever stayed in but, its location is excellent, the staff were all friendly and the breakfast while it was basic was free.The room was small but it was ensuite and clean.For what we paid for the room it was good value for money compared to other hotels in New York.If you are planning to stay here use it as a base to explore the city as it location is great but, don't be expecting luxury or 4 star service as you won't get it.	
Feb 8 2008 	Tatty round the edges but ok...	I stayed here with a colleague for 4 nights last week. On arrival I was a bit gutted, but its not bad for your money. Having stayed in New York before I was expecting a small bedroom, but this was not too bad. As others have said the beds are really comfy, and the showers good. The towels were crap, thin and nasty, and the bathroom was in need of some renovation. My room was on the 12th floor, looking out over the Empire State Building which is only 1 block away. The heating was uncontrollable and noisy overnight which was a pain. I wouldn't like to stay here in summer as the aircon was inefficient and noisy.The staff were nice and organised a taxi to collect us at 5.30am for our flight home. The breakfast was a a bit crap. It does however give you an excuse to eat a glazed doughnut for breakfast! Free internet access in the reception area too. All in all, its a great location, and for the price its never going to be the plaza. In a city like New York you are never going to spend much time in your room, and this way you save your money for the bargain shopping!	
Feb 8 2008 	Hated Every Minute!!!	We booked this property for three nights through Virgin after spending two weeks in Colorado. On arrival put on the second floor at the front of the hotel. It was awful, room dirty, big black hairs and stains on meant to be clean towels. Then just to top it off they are constructing a new hotel directly opposite and these guys worlk through the night. So we got exactly zero sleep. The radiator hisses too so if your staying here bring earplugs.Complained to the manager &quot;Tony&quot; the next day but he was too busy on the internet chat rooms (the computer meant for guests) Eventually got moved to the rear of the hotel into a smaller room only to discover another building site to the rear. It was rotten. Tried Virgin but they firstly didn't return our calls and then when I did get through was told I could move hotels if I paid £150. A word of advice if you have booked here &quot;CANCEL&quot; if not avoid at all costs....or face sleep deprivation.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great Location - Needs a facelift	we stayed here from 30th Dec 2007 till Jan 3 2008. on arrival I was very disappointed as the place looked like it was in real need of a lick of paint and a general face lift.The room itself was small ish but clean. After I got over my initial snobbery I realised that the place wasn't all that bad for those traveling on a budget or for those who don't mind compromising style for location and saving the pennies for other things like shopping.The sheets were clean, the shower was excellent and the bed comfy. For the amount of time we actually stayed in the place, I cant really complain too much.The breakfast was a bit crap if Im honest. Self service with paper plates and cups and plastic knife and fork etc.If you like the finer things in life then avoid this place like the plague. However, if you are not a snob like me and can put up with the paper plates, then this place is good value for money and really well located.	
Jan 22 2008 	When Location Is Important	We have a reward credit card for this chain of hotels which earns us free nights. We had enough points for two free nights at this hotel located in the heart of NYC. Last time we went to NYC we stayed in New Jersey to save money and took a train in to the city every day. Big mistake. This hotel is located just a block from Macy's and within walking distance of all kinds of Manhattan attractions. There is a subway stop (B, D, F, N, R, V Q, W) on the corner just about a minute walk away. The E train (to JFK) is also within walking distance, around 10 mins with bags. The staff was friendly and helpful. When we arrived too early for check-in they offered to store our bags in the luggage room without us having to ask. They provided us with some touristy handouts and a map which came in handy later. We were on the 11th floor - I think there are 12 or so in the building. The room and bed were pretty small - but that goes with the territory for NYC. The bathroom was ridiculously small as you can see from the picture I posted. Looking out the window you could see the Empire State Building towering overhead, lit beautifully in the night. We usually leave our DO NOT DISTURB sign out all the time. Housekeeping gave us a courtesy call (left a message) letting us know that if we wanted our room cleaned we could call them by 4pm. I thought that was considerate. I would definitely stay here again, even though the bathroom was SO small. The location is absolutely wonderful. Our stay was free, so I can't really speak about price, but I do know that the rooms are pretty pricey in Manhattan and I imagine this hotel was no different. It was pretty clean, location A+ - definitely would stay again.	
Jan 7 2008 	Not very impressed	We spent 5 nights at the Comfort Inn over Christmas. And I would NOT go back! We booked through Virgin Holidays and thought that the hotel would be value in a good location. We arrived on Christmas Eve and were put in a smoking room (with asthma) with no alternatives. The next morning after a large fuss we were moved to a similar non smoking room (which had been available the night before apparantly). We skipped the breakfast as the room looked as dingy as the rest of the building - dark and doomy. The hotel is in serious need of a make over. And the staff are extremely unfriendly. The only redeeming feature is the great location.	
Jan 7 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever	Booked as part of a East Coast tour with Virgin Holidays we arrived after a lovely three star hotel experience in Boston and didn't botherto unpack our cases.Our room was on the 7th floor - and the entire corridor stank of cigarette smoke. Room stank in equal proportions, had blood on the duvet and the bathroom was miniscule.Front desk advised us the hotel was full, we had requested a smoking room (we had not) and we would have to wait until the next day for anychance of a room swap.After a couple of hours of ringing around we found a new hotel and moved out. Our new hotel was delightful and ensured we had an absolutely fantastic time in New York.I appreciate that in Manhattan your money buys less - but this was a truly awful experience. Okay, the location is good - but that is aboutit!	
Jan 4 2008	Great central location	Had a great stay at the comfort inn - excellent location - 5th avenue on end and macy's the other. Very spacious rooms, helpful staff, standard breakfast but perfect for our short stay. wewere on 11th floor, but lifts were excellent. free coffee in the lobby too, yum!!	
Jan 1 2008 	Renovate me please--this location deserves it!	Can't beat 1 block from Herald Square at Christmas time. Property has big rooms and old paint, thin towels and a helpful staff. Breakfast was pleasant with lots of seating. Many guests were European. Hotel Metro across the street appears to be in better condition. If you are really location conscious on a budget, this may be your choice. You can get better condition and a newer property west of 8th Avenue, but you sacrifice proximity to most of the things you come here for.	
Dec 31 2007	Great Location	Cannot be faulted for location for visitors. Subway at end of block and Macy's across the road from there. Empire State Building one block behind. Pretty good breakfast spread - bagels, toast, cereals, juices,coffee/tea, boiled eggs, donuts, fruit - or more at addit. cost. Rooms were reasonable. Ours was very hot - turned radiator off. Clean. Bathroom fine. Toilet in 2nd booked room got blocked but attended to. Shower fine. Staff were OK. Was some noise intrusion from construction work across the road - started quite early!	
Dec 27 2007 	Amazing Location	Location could not have been better, between 5th &amp; 6th Avenue on W35th Street. Walk outside the hotel, turn left walk straight to the junction &amp; Macy's is straight in front of you!!! Left at the top of the road is the Empire state building (Which you can see from rooms at the back of the hotel, on the higher floors) 10 minute walk to Times Square. Excellent base for shopping, if the bags weigh you down it's a short walk to the hotel :)The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful, they arranged a sightseeing tour and transport back to the airport. Rooms are a little dated, but most hotels in NY are (Unless you're looking for a 5star hotel) 2 Double beds, great selection of t.v. channels. There was always hot water for a bath/shower. As I said the rooms were dated, but they were clean to me that's more important. Breakfast was fantastic, I've never stayed in a hotel in NY that provided a free breakfast!! Bagels, toast, cereal, fruit, doughnuts, waffles, muffins, juice, coffee It kept us going till well after lunch :)The bar next to the hotel &quot;Brendan's&quot; is a great place to get dinner, and as a guest of the hotel you get 15% off you meal when you show you're room key! I would recommend this hotel to anyone going sightseeing/shopping. Email me if you have any questionsRachael	
Dec 23 2007	good value	Just back from new york, its the second time we have stayed here, its a basic hotel, good value for money, the complementry breakfast is great, brendans grill is great for a steak well recomended, good location, will be going back.	
Dec 12 2007 	I enjoyed it 	The room and bathroom were clean and I thought the bathroom on the 12th floor was pretty spacious for Manhattan. It was pretty quiet except briefly during the first night when it sounded like someone couldn't figure out how to open their door. bang, bang, banging door. No problems with anything missing. They didn't let me check in right away and I had to freshen up in the closet of a bathroom in the basement- but oh well. It's super convenient to almost all the subway lines. I liked that you had Macy's and touristy stuff in one direction and the neat Murray Hill neighborhood in the other. I could have done without the porter trying to sell me car service and then ignoring me when I didn't go for it. If you're a foodie, don't expect any good recommendations from the desk clerk. He sent me to the Irish tavern/gambling establishment across the street where I had the saltiest French Onion soup ever. But I do love Manhattan and I would stay here again.	
Nov 27 2007	Weekend Stay in NYC	My 14 yr old daughter and I stayed for 1 night on November 17. The hotel is very close to Penn Station , only a 2 block walk. We arrived around 11am and were pleasantly surprised that we could check right in. We were given room 1207 which had a double and twin bed, so the room was a little bit larger than others. We actually had a pretty good veiw of the Empire State Building. At night it looked really neat. After reading other reviews of this hotel I expected a smaller room. It had an overside closet with a luggage rack and the bathroom was good size. The bathroom was clean but the border of wallpaper was peeling off due to no ventilation of the shower steam. It was stocked with shampoo, conditioner, soaps and shoe polish. Also pleanty of towels. After partialy unpacking we headed out to explore. The front desk staff was ver friendly and gave us maps and directions for the subway lines. We took the subway form Penn to Fulton St. to see So Street Seaport. We walked around a bit , took pictures of the Brooklyn Bridge and then ate a wonderful lunch at a restaurant called Red. We had an upstairs table and the window faced the water. The food and the prices were very good. It was a mexican restaurant and the portions were huge. After only having a snack for breakfast, we still did not complete our meals.After lunch we headed toward Chinatown to shop. We got a little off track and a very friendly local turned us the right way. We found Mott street and headed north. Bought a few reasonable pocketbooks and a couple of posters painted with names for presents. Mott Street then turns into Little Italy. I wish I hadn't eaten so much for lunch..The canollis looked wonderful. There was actually a line out in the street to buy them. By the time we got to NOHO we started looking for a cab. Which wasn't easy around 4:30pm. We ended up getting picked up and headed back to the hotel. Our cab driver was very friendly . Then out again and walked up to Times Square. After being in the southern part of the city all afternoon, it was sooo crowded. But we were in the city. Our play &quot;The Grinch&quot; was cancelled due to the stagehand strike so we decided to go see a movie.Our movie was showing on the 4th floor, the restroom was on the 3rd and concessions were on the 2nd. very confusing if you follow the crowds up the escalator and miss those things.After the movie we grabbed a slice of pizza on the way to hotel and crashed.The next day we went down to breakfast. It was very well equipped with coffee, juices, bagels, donuts, muffins, toast and eggs. The hotel held our bags for us in a locked room and gave us tickets.We ended up going to the American Museum of Natural History for a few hours, walked through Central Park then to FAO Schwartz (which was insanely busy and hot) then took a cab back to the hotel to get our luggage.Again it was very convienent to Penn station and walked over to the train station. I think we literally walked 20 miles in our 2 days!	
Nov 21 2007 	Very average	We were a family of 2 adults and 2 children sharing one small room with double beds...for 7 nights (UGGH!).The rooms and bathroom were clean. The toilet became blocked on night and started overflowing (fortunately, water only...). A maintenance person did come up promptly to fix the problem, so that was ok. The shower pressure was woeful and adjusting the temperature was character building.The room was fairly warm so the airconditioner was left on overnight. We tried leaving the window open, but the noise of traffic, bin emptying, construction work, etc., left this an untenable proposition. New York really does never sleep.The staff were fairly friendly and a computer was provided in the lobby for internet access.A continental breakfast was provided, but this was very average. Relied on brekky at Starbuck's at the end of the road.Plenty of restaurants close by for other meals.There is no guest laundry provided. The nearest laundrette is about 3 blocks away.This was the second time in New York for my wife and I and it will probably be our last. However, if we did come back, we wouldn't stay here again.Happy to provide some suggestions or recommendations via email.	
Nov 18 2007 	prime location	just back from nyc stayed in this hotel the location is excellent but the hotel is a lot to be desired although it was very clean it is very dated could do with a major overhall so old fashioned. staff were very helpful and always had the right information when asked for directions .great free breakfast kept us going to lunchtime .overall we enjoyed our stay but hotel could defo do with an update.	
Nov 18 2007 	It's A Bed - Nothing Else	Stayed at this hotel in June 2006 for 4 nights... very old hotel really needs a total overhaul.We got picked up by Virgin private car, left at front door got key card and went up to room... what a sight, king bed was the room it was just to big for the room, the Bathroom hnd a really bad smell and really bad damp so did the room, the air con if thats what you call it was stuck half out the window allowing for damp to get in around the rest of the window... not that the sight from the window was something you really wanted to view - Right into an office block!Bedding with smoke butt marks on it - the whole room was very dark and not what you would get if you stayed in a Real Comfort Inn in the UK....We just stayed out of the hotel/room and only returned to go to bed - but that's what NY is for anyway so the hotel did not take away from where we where &quot;New York&quot; the place that never sleeps!The Best Thing About This Hotel:The hotel was just a couple of blocks away from Times Sqe and all the hussleSight Seeing:We used the on and off bus for sight seeing which did help to see sights... Would we go back?My wife said she would not go back to NY but i would love too, we only seen 1% of what it has to offer - but i know for sure Comfort Inn, NY will not be a place I'll still nor recommend.Last Word:I hope you enjoy your trip, but book another Hotel... Please!	
Nov 17 2007 	Great tourist hotel great location	This hotel is an excellent base for all tourists. it is right in the centre, between 6th and 5th avenue! right next to macy's and the empire state building and about 15 min walk to times square.no problems checking in, the recpetion staff are really helpful (but don't expect to change your money here as they never seemed to have any cash, we had to visit macy's to do this!). The room was small but adequate for us. it was on the 10th floor and was clean and bright. the tv had lots to choose from. When we stayed there was building works across the road which could be heard right through the night and early morning which became annoying. the hotel has air con (which we never had to use in Nov). The breakfast is good enough for free, toast, bagels and cereal mainly.i recommend visiting the irish pubs across the road, both are lovely, do great food and good atmosphere!	
Oct 2 2007 	Really good hotel	I booked my stay at the hotel through the choice-hotels-website. It was very easy to do so.When we arrived (we were a party of 4 adults sharing one non-smoking room) everything worked out properly.From the outside the building looks old-fashioned but seems to be well renovated. The lobby was really great with sofas to sit on and a big fireplace. They even had a computer there with a free internet access for everybody.The staff at the reception was really friendly. When the window in our room didn't close anymore they sent somebody up to repair it immediatly.On our last day we left the luggage at the hotel until the evening. Our bags were marked and nothing got lost.The room itself was rather small but I have heard that all rooms in NYC are that way. There were 2 beds, a large desk with a chair, a bureau with a TV on it and a walk-in cupboard. The bathroom was clean and we got new towels all the time. We always had enough hot water for all the 4 of us! There was only little room to put your stuff on at the bathroom. So we had to store some of our things at the floor. But we didn't mind!One of the best things was the free delux-breakfast! They had nearly everything: bagels, toast, muffins, doughnuts, butter, creamcheese, fruits, cornflakes, boiled eggs, coffee, tea, orange and apple juice,...We enjoyed the breakfast every single morning!The only problem was that sometimes there weren't enough tables. So we had to split up or sit at the bar.The subway-entrance is really close buy, the Empire State Building is in easy walking distance as well as Macy's and the Times Sq.All in all I highly recommend the hotel.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great hotel. Very pleased.	The hotel was at a great location. Not too far from Times Square(if you don't mind walking a little bit). The lobby was beautiful and the staff was nice. Room was average size, but really just what I expected for NYC. Nice big closet and beds were very comfortable. Everything was clean, and hskping were great since we stayed multiple nights. Breakfast was simple, but free. Bar/Rest attatched was nice, but pricey(although reg NYC prices I think). I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 11 2007	rundown in midtown	Comfort in Manhattan is way overrated by Expedia and other websites. It is certainly on the right spot if you want to shop in Macy's but it is a bit out if sightseeing by bus, so get ready for some serious walking. The décor is stark, old and the rooms are dilapidated, the air con was so loud it was impossible to sleep, so was the shower. All our room windows faced a wall and a used and rusted away air con pile) but if you stood close enough, and peek through the dirt you could see the Empire State Building. They certainly dont charge you for this view. The breakfast is pretty good if you are not diabetic, because it is an all sweet treat, except some boild egg and butter. The stuff are lovely except a man called Brian, who is extremely moody so avoid even the eyecontact and dont ask a thing, because on a bad day he surely would bite your head off. The hotel restaurant got good food and pretty. The internet is complimentary but the wireless cover is not very good for serious data transfer. There are two irish bar down the road for beer dirnkers. Otherwise I suggest to look elsewhere.	
Aug 29 2007 	Bed Bugs	I came home from a weekend in New York with a surprising souvenir: tiny, itchy, red bites all over my legs. I suspect that my bed at this hotel was infested with bed bugs. The sheets on one bed also appeared to have blood stains on them. Further, the second bed in our room was a pull-out couch, which would have been fine had there been any form of support accross the bottom of the frame to hold the mattress up. Unfortunately, the botton two feet of the mattress were unsupported and it fell through the frame with the slightest pressure. To add insult to injury, one morning the cleaning staff decided not to make up our room. The only good thing about the stay were the pleasant and helpful front desk staff.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great location	This hotel was in a great location - only a couple of blocks away from the Empire State building and 10 mins walk from Times Square. The room was an adequate size with a very comfortable and big bed but the bathroom was very small. Did the job though.Free coffee in the lounge and a decent free continental breakfast in the restaurant next door. You also get a 15% discount with your key on food in the restaurant - and it's scrumptious brilliant food - we had an amazing meal there with brilliant service.Check in staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Aug 12 2007 	Shaby rooms helpful staff great location	Arrived at the hotel after driving from Philadelphia, the staff were very helpful, however, the room was very disappointing. gloomy, very small and the noisy A/C drowned out TV. Needed to switch off A/C to get any sleep, no A/C in temperatures of c 90 degrees - no sleep. Reminded me of Bates Motel! Room very gloomy no lights, light switch on wall but no ceiling light, two reading lamps and bathroom light only. the bathrrom was tiny, could only swing very small cat with great care !Tried to get bigger room as we were staying 5 days, surprised to hear form staff that fully booked and that our rooom (301) was one of the larger rooms. Didn't spoil the New york experience but would not stay here again!	
Aug 1 2007 	Great location!	My husband, daughter and I stayed in this hotel for 7 nights in July. It's in a great location: The Empire State Building is just around the corner, there's a metro station at the end of the street and Macy's is as well. We got a 11% discount-card for Macy's at the frontdesk which we used VERY often.:-)Very friendly staff. The breakfast was complimentary and fine. Bagels, toast, cereals, boiled eggs, creamcheese, marmelade, tea, coffee, orangejuice and applejuice. And lots of donuts! The room was fine. We were on the 5th floor. No view...a wall, therefore a bit dark. When we got on our knees, we JUST could see the Empire State Building. The only downside was that the double bed was a bit small.There's a coffee/tea machine in the lobby, so everytime we got back from our sightseeing we got ourselves a nice cup of tea.There is a computer with free internet access in the lobby. So we did use that a few times to update the homefront.We had a great time in New York. And when we will return, we would defenitely stay again in the Comfort Inn Manhattan!	
Jul 28 2007 	Shabby hotel in good location.	We didn't expect a great deal from this hotel since it was fairly cheap however we were disappointed by the standard of the room and the helpfulness of the staff. The location of the hotel is fantastic and the breakfast was fine too but these were the only plus points. The reception area is fantastic but as soon as you get out of the public area's you actually find that the rooms and corridors are very shabby and in desperate need of redecorating. On arrival we were told that we had been booked into a smoking room which was not what we had ordered, they begrudingly found us another non-smoking room which was a good size but obviously hadn't been modernised for years. We were told to put all our valuables in the room safe but we found that the safe didn't have a door on it! When I mentioned this to the reception they basically shrugged their shoulders - on checkout they then had the cheek to try and charge us for use of the safe! When I tried to use their pay phone I found that it didn't work - once again the staff basically shrugged their shoulders and said I would have to walk through the pouring rain to the end of the block to use the phone on the corner - not the best of customer service!I would recommend spending a little more on a nicer hotel which has staff that care.	
Jul 21 2007 	Don't look at the pictures	Location – excellent. Airconditioning-very old and noisy. Make sure to check if there is one. Our room did not have one. Thanks good they moved us to another room. Rooms- small and smelly. Our room was very dark. The pictures on web site can easly confuse. It looks nice but are not reflecting the true. You can easly « survive » one night. I would think about the second, third…if you sensitive to smell.In general the Hotel clearly is using past« award» success in order to bring attention to potential guest.staff- very friendly trying the best	
Jul 17 2007 	rare value in NY a real find	i needed to stay overnight in NY at short notice, working late, so i booked into this comfort inn due to its excellent midtown location and great price - at least $80 less than anywhere else in the same neighborhood. my single room was tiny but larger than a much more expensive room i once stayed in at the paramount for $250 more a night! it was spotless, the linens comfortable, the toiletries in the bathroom acceptable and the upkeep on the decor was good. the air conditioning worked well and was not noisy, and there was barely any noise from either the street, stairwells, or adjoining rooms. free breakfast the next day was a nice touch. the common areas are spartan but impeccably kept, check in and out was effortless and the bill was accurate, and i could not fault a thing. if you are looking for a good base for exploring the city, or just need a safe and comfortable place to stay for the night, this is an excellent choice. i would not call the bedrooms roomy, but hey this is new york! if you stay here, you will congratulate yourself on getting a bargain.	
Jul 12 2007 	5 Star For the Budget Traveler!	I have traveled considerably over the years and one thing I know is the least you expect, the better the place (most of the time). This Comfort Inn has exceptional customer service and an exceptional free breakfast, considering it is not made to order. The room we stayed in had two double beds, a wonderful walk in closet and a good sized bathroom. We were not there much but we were definitely overall, impressed. The beds and pillows were comfy and the maid service was A-1. This use to be a 5 star hotel called the Gregorian. Do not miss the fine details of this place. It is VERY obvious that it was a 5 star at one time. Lots of elegance, especially in the breakfast eating room. My husband and I loved this place. Friendly staff, great customer service, clean room and comfy bed. What else could one want. Oh, I forgot to mention, location, location, location!! A++++ all the way.	
Jul 8 2007 	Fantastic Stay!!!!	We stayed in th Comfort Inn for 1 week from the 25th June 2007, we found the reception service to be acceptional, they were very helpful too!!. The rooms were very clean and were very big!, the breakfast was very good, with quite a choice of things to have.The location was fab just 1 minute walk to Macys, 5 minute walk into Times Square and The Empire State Building, very well located!!. I come to New York every year and this hotel is well worth the money, this hotel is good for couples, families, you are always get a warm welcome, this hotel is great if it is your first time in New York City!I will be definately coming back to the Comfort Inn!!!!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Location	Stayed in the Comfort inn for 5 nights - with a big family group, for a family wedding.Hotel was located right in the middle of Manhattan, it was central to every thing - Empire State was just round the block. Hotel was clean and comfy - not ultra modern and some parts did look abit shabby. But breakfast was part of the deal and it was eat as much as you can of a buffet breakfast. tea and coffee available all the time in reception. Reception friendly.There was 13 of us staying and we all had a great time. We are planning on going back to New York and will use this hotel again.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great location friendly staff	The location of this hotel is unbeatable, with the empire state building just around the block, and macy's 100m away. We had accidently booked a room with a too small bed, and were prepared to pay extra but no larger rooms were available except for one where smoking was allowed. After checking it out we decided to take it, and the staff very kindly gave us the larger bed for free. Good service! Overall, all staff are friendly and helpful, giving directions and tips.Unlike many hotels in New York City, this one offers a good free breakfast! A great way to start the day before the countless hours of sightseeing..The rooms are quite small and so are the bathrooms, but it's nothing unusual in NYC, and they are clean albeit somewhat old. Same goes for the elevators.We were very pleased with our stay and our vacation in NYC, it was all and more than we expected. I can recommend the ferry trip around south Manhattan, it really gives you a perspective!	
Jun 8 2007 	Great Location	I selected this hotel for a 3 day stay in New York due to the location &amp; we were not disappointed. This is not a luxurious hotel, but I don't think it is trying to be. However, when you go to New York, you do nothing much more in your hotel room than sleep &amp; shower as there is far too much else to do.The room was better than I expected. It was clean &amp; had an air conditioning unit. Towels &amp; bed linen were changed daily &amp; there is an ice machine readily available. The staff on the font desk were friendly &amp; helpful. The lift is a little slow &amp; busy at peak times, but not a major issue.The complimentary breakfast consisted of coffee, orange juice (nice fresh juice not powdered), selection of bagels, donuts, cereals &amp; fruit. Fresh coffee is always available in the hotel lobby.The best thing about this hotel is the location. A couple of minute walk to Macys &amp; 5th Avenue &amp; the subway is in the same street. There are a couple of deli's/diners close to the hotel. The actual street is a little dingey with people sleeping rough in sleeping bags, but in fairness it didn't impact our stay.Don't stay here if you are looking for luxury, but if you are looking for a cheap, reasonable hotel in a gret NY location then it is ideal. I have booked to stay here again with my kids for a shopping trip in December. I found booking direct with the hotel was the cheapest option - select interent booking for the best rate.,	
Jun 8 2007 	GREAT location for tourists!!	My husband, my sister and I spent 5 nights at this hotel. The location is great. We were in NY as typical tourists and we saw everything we came to see. We walked to the hotel from Penn station, subway is on the end of the block, Macy's just one block away. This is a basic hotel and I excepted it to be not very clean and comfortable, but it actually was ok. Rooms are tiny, but we just needed a CLEAN bed to seep on, which we got. No mold, no bad smell, great free breakfast each morning. If you are in NY to be a tourist on a budget this hotel it great. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 30 2007 	Basic but well located	This hotel is well located but is average. It is just beside the Empire State building and Macy's and is on 35th St. just off 5th Avenue. The room we had was small and dark but we asked for a room at the back of the hotel so this may be the reason. The air con is very loud. The rooms are old fashioned but they are clean.Make sure u request a non-smoking room as the smell of stale smoke in our room was dreadful but a few days later they eventually moved us to a non-smoking room.The staff are fine - not overly helpful but polite.The hotel is attached to Brendan's Bar and your room key card entitles you to 15% off food there...the few times we ate there it was surprisingly nice! Nice Irish bar staff but a strange lay-out. The bar seems to attract 'suit' types in the evening.There is a free 'Continental' breakfast served in Brendan's bar which is dreadful...it is worse than hostel food. It is buffet style and the one morning we did try it the place was dirty and everything was served on paper plates with paper cutlery even though this is a proper restaurant. Also the guys 'looking' after the breakfast area couldn't get people out fast enough. I would avoid it. There is a little cafe on the other side of the hotel and they have lovely breakfast for a few bucks.We stayed here as someone recommended the Comfort Inn but I have since discovered there are 2! The one they meant was the Comfort Inn Midtown which I happened to pass and it looked much nicer and has recently been renovated.All in all this is a well located hotel and good value which can be hard to find in Manhatten but I think if I went back I would prob stay in the other one in Midtown or a different hotel.	
May 26 2007 	location fantastic	Stayed for 3 nights in May '07. Room was fine - on the small side but clean and the bed was absolutely huge! the bathroom was tiny but functionable and anyway - who spends too long in their room when they're in manhattan?? The location is definitely the best thing about this hotel, its so central that everything is just a short distance away. I'm even planning my next trip and i would definitely stay again.	
May 25 2007 	Great location	I spent 3 nights at this hotel for business and found it to be very comfortable. It is in a great location but not too fancy. The bathrooms are very small and need renovating but they were clean. The rooms only have an iron and board no coffee maker or fridge and microwave. The breakfast was good but they need to replace the toasters as most of them took so long to toast or only toasted one side. The staff were not too friendly on the desk never even asked how my stay was. This hotel is great if location is the important thing for you. Oh yes the elavators were working fine when I was there.	
May 23 2007 	Great budget hotel	Best position for shopping (Macy's just down road). Very comfortable and clean, towels and linen changed as often as you wish. Reception staff in general very friendly and helpful. Hot water on demand (had slight problem with shower initially but engineer came within 5 mins to sort out!). Only slight downside was that our room because of its position was quite dimly lit and consequently had to fight my friend for the bathroom light to do make-up!!After a hard day's shopping/sightseeing a clean comfortable bed was really welcome! The other plus side is that a free complimentary breakfast is served at Brendan's Bar &amp; Grill next door which saved us some money.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel and will definitely be making a return trip as soon as possible.	
May 21 2007 	honeymoon	Booked to stay here after spending 7 nights in a 4 star hotel in St Lucia all inclusive, bit of a mistake as you have to get to grips with paying for things again although served its purpose for our sight seeing trip to New York.Was initially pleased with the size of the room and how clean it was although this was short lived within 3 days as my lovely diamond earings that my new husband bought me for my wedding present, went 'missing'.Went to see reception as soon as we realised and was greated with disbelief that this would happen in their hotel and was questioned too many times as to whether i had simply misplaced them....!After reasurring them that I had not misplaced my gorgeous wedding present, we were met with a wall of disregard and unhelpfulness stating that the staff there had worked there for years and they could not believe that anyone would go in to the rooms...well unless my earlobes had suddenly fallen out then someone had been in the room!We had to report to the police which took up precious time sightseeing the stunning city but once over we enjoyed the sites to be seen.The Comfort Inn was a good choice as far as location was concerned taking no more than 5 minutes to walk to Time square and Macys...and was a good price for the city, but our time there was tainted with the theft and we spent most mornings before leaving thereafter making sure that there was nothing visible that was expensive and made sure that the 'do not disturb' sign was on the door permenantly.It did not go down well on our honeymoon.would recommend the les miserable on broadway....absolutly stunning....apart from the the theft...had a great time....	
May 20 2007 	Not Bad At All.......	I was a bit anxious about staying here after reading some of the reviews but this hotel is not too bad. The lobby is clean with big comfy couches and free tea/coffee. The staff very extremely helpful and polite. The room was small and clean. We got clean towels and sheets every day. The only real bad thing was the room size as we did a lot of shopping and were tripping over our bags. The location is excellent with Macy's at one corner and 5th Avenue at another. Breakfast is included. Beware of using the hotel phone, my friends made three 5 minute international calls and the bill was a whopping $173! Overall if like me you would rather spend your cash on shopping this is a good hotel for anyone on a budget.	
May 3 2007 	Great location for the price	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan, and would definately recommend it. It is in the perfect location, literally 5 mins walk from Macy's and Empire State Building, and the in 5 more minutes, you're in the middle of Times Square or the heart of 5th Avenue. The hotel rooms were spacious and clean, with maid service everyday. I'd agree with other reviews that the decor needed updating but surely you don't go on holiday to check out the wallpaper and carpets?? The complimentary breakfast was ideal - cereal, fruit, toast, pasties, bagels etc. Overall I would say that this hotel is ideal for a New York City break. It's not luxurious but it has everything you could possibly want, and for the price and the location, I doubt it could be beaten.	
Apr 19 2007 	Yikes - What was I thinking!	The price seemed reasonable compared to other hotels in the area, I was a little nervous about the star rating, however trip advisor and a book I purchased had good reviews. Run Forest Run! First the good, the people were very nice and the location was good. The bad, too much to report but I will start with the worst. The bathtub clogged-up while I was showering and started backing up up black chunks. I almost threw-up in the shower. The room was hot, could not turn off the heat, there was a 1/2&quot; crack around the door with bright hallway lights beaming in, the breadspread was badly soiled, the list really goes on.... I checked my family out immediately. Folks at front desk could not help until manager showed-up mid morning. I was so disgusted I wanted to report the conditions to the health dept. We packed up and left to find another hotel, we were booked for 5 nights. The manager was called in early and gave us a $50 credit off a $214 room and no penalty for cancelling the remaining nights which I was grateful. We found another hotel same price on Lexington which was wonderful- we had a great trip overall but a bad start.	
Apr 18 2007 	great stay great location	me and my wife haved stayed at this hotel twice once in nov 1998 and jan 2006 we had no probelms both visits, the rooms are clean and spacious compared to some hotels in new york breakfast was good next door in brendans but recommend a steak at night when the restuarant opens,there is a nice bar across the road called o'reillys good atmosphere and great food .alex on reception has the mother of all knowledge on manhattan so ask him anything,we went to see the new york rangers at madison square not far from this hotel 20 min walk all i can say about new york is it has a energy and vibe like no where else cant wait to return	
Mar 9 2007	Great Location!	Stayed with my Mum, daughter and 2 sisters 4-8 March - the location of this hotel is fabulous, central to everything with subway at end of road. Top attractions near, lots of walking but its worth it! Hotel is a bit tired in decor, our room smelled of cigarette smoke when we opened the door. Rooms clean but quite dark and we had to let the tap run for 10 minutes before any hot water came out (we were on 10th floor). Rooms cleaned nicely and front desk staff helpful. Breakfast in adjoining hotel offers usual, cereal, toast, bagels, donuts and fruit. Excellent value in prime location, after all you only want somewhere to sleep so top luxury isn't necessary. Would definitely return here again.	
Mar 5 2007 	Loved it!	Stayed here September '06 for 4 nights, me and my 2 daughters...Location is excellent, staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms small but adequate and cleaned daily. So impressed that we are going back November '07 for a week and are countin the days! Comfort Inn highly recommended and we are of course going back to the Comfort. You step out the door of the hotel and NYC attractions are within walkin distance...amazing.	
Feb 25 2007 	Great for school groups	This hotel was an excellent choice for our group. It couldn’t have been more centrally or ideally located, and the staff tried very hard to accommodate our needs. They were obviously used to school groups, and didn’t seem in any way bothered when we all met en masse a few inches in front of reception desk. The rooms were comfortable, though overheated, and were cleaned each day. Breakfast was served each morning in an adjacent restaurant, and included bagels, cereal, donuts, hard boiled eggs, juice, toast, and coffee. There were two elevators, which is a luxury compared to similar European hotels, and ice and snacks machines, as well as free newspapers. The hotel dealt well with our requirements, providing an extra rollaway bed when needed, fetching salt upon a doctor’s request, moving our luggage to and from the rooms, faxing messages to England, and giving advice to make our visit better. Our suggestions for improvement for the hotel would be: * There needs to be a space for groups to meet. This was a real problem for our group, because we either had to meet in the small reception area, or at one end of the restaurant, among other diners. This meant that we never could communicate information to our group thoroughly enough. We would have liked a notice board in the lobby to post important information for our group.  * The towels seemed to be changed whether we wanted them to or not. There were signs in the bathroom saying that, to protect the environment, only the towels left on the floor would be changed, but they all seemed to be taken away, regardless of their placement. * The rooms were much too hot, and the pupils didn’t know how to turn off the radiators.I hope to bring a similar group to New York in 2009, and look forward to staying at the Comfort Inn again if possible.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great Location	Have stayed here a few times and have always enjoyed it.The staff at the desk are very efficient and helpfulThe rooms I have satyed in have all been very spacious and comfortable. The bathrooms are very clean and bright with very good water pressure.I usuually stay on the lower floors and thus take the stairs to and from my room but there are two elevators, albeit small ones but they work well.There is coffee and tea available in the lobby where there are comfortable chairs to relax in.There is also an internet kiosk there. A continental breakfast with the room, is had in the adjacent pub/restaurant which has access from the hotel lobby.The hotel is a minute walk from Herald Square, Macys and Manhattan Mall.The subway station is at the end of the block, very convienient.As usual in New York, good restaurants and shops are a tone throw away.	
Feb 6 2007 	perfect location in midtown NEW YORK!	The best thing about this hotel is the perfect location, literally'down the road' from Macy's and 'round the corner' from the Empire State Building. Its a short walk to Times Square and about a 25 min walk to the best shops of 5th Avenue. A word of advice, have a shower / bath at night time as there was never any hot water in the mornings! The room I had was on the top floor and overlooked the Empire State, it was a large room with a basic bathroom but its more than adequate for what you need as its only a base at the end of the day.Would definately recommend this hotel purely for the excellent value for money. I am a travel agent and I would not hesitate to book anyone to the Comfort Inn Manhattan!	
Jan 28 2007 	Excellent Location for an excellent hotel	Stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan at New Year for 3days - absoloutely loved it! We had two rooms, one was meant to be a twin, but they gave us double which was a nice surprise! Rooms were good for central NY. Clean and well equipped, can't ask for more! Staff were really helpful, especially when our limo failed to turn up on New Years day they found us a car within 15minutes,Location of this hotel is brilliant, if we were any closer to Times Square, we'd be in it. Would definatelty recommend this hotel to anyone, booked it through Virgin in the UK.	
Jan 23 2007 	Excellent for the price	The hotel is in a prime location, only a minute from Macy’s, right next to the subway and just round the corner from the Empire State Building and a short walk to Times Square.It obviously wasn’t going to be a high class hotel but the staff were super friendly, the room was spacious enough with an OK bed, couch and TV. Bathroom was also fine. One small problem was the very loud heating system. The radiator hissed very loudly for about 20 minutes then would stop for an hour then start again. May not be great for light sleepers!Some of the décor needs a bit of updating, just drab and looking worn in places. The complimentary breakfast was good, cereals, bagels, waffles and donuts!There is also a free coffee machine in the lobby – great for when coming in out of the cold!For budget travellers a great choice in the heart of the city.	
Jan 21 2007 	You Get What You Pay For	Stayed for 7 nights over New Year period. Great location for sightseeing! Worst shower I have ever experienced. No pressure &amp; then the temp changes randomly between burning hot to freeezing cold! Not a pleasant way to start each day! The hotel looks tired but it was cheap! So if you want a great location but willing to compromise on some luxeries it is ok.	
Jan 20 2007 	Loved it	We were a bit worried when we read other peoples reviews about this hotel, but there was nothing to be dissapointed about.Clean and tidy bedrooms, very friendly staff and an excellent location, right by Maceys, Empire State Building and a subway station, to help see the rest of the city.Breakfast included was an added bonus, something to get you kick started in the morning and perfectly adaquate.For all of those people who complained about this hotel I think you need to look at your expectations for the price you paid. If you want absolute luxuary and butlers then pay extra and lets face it you come to New York to see the city and shop not live in your hotel.To summarise well worth the money, clean and tidy and a fabulous location would definately go again and stay in this hotel	
Jan 17 2007	Good Budget Choice	I stayed here with family in October 2006 for four nights on a city break, it was actually my first time in NY and therefore our arrival at the hotel was a bit of a blur, all those big buildings distracting me, but check-in seemed swift, albeit at a busy reception desk. We had two rooms on different floors, which wasn't an issue, ours was about seven or so floors up. The room itself was pretty basic and aged, but comfortable enough, the bathroom was clean but with very old fittings, bed comfy but linens and curtains e.t.c all looking very seventies, no view to speak of, felt a bit dark, but okay, nothing horrid as such.Getting to the room obviously required the lift, a bit ropey, and then a walk along a few landings, and through a few doors, one of which upon opening had a steep staircase right on the left of it which I was paranoid I was going to fall down, but all okay really, quirky I guess.But as has been said before, location is very good, near the subway, a few cool bars on the same street, quiet, very central and good value. I think when I return to NY I'll pay a little more and stay somewhere a bit nicer, but for those on a budget, and too busy too care that much about the room, its a sound choice.Queries to: unterdark@hotmail.com	
Jan 17 2007 	stay nowhere else!!	My husband and I stayed here in October 2006 and could notfault it in any way. Location was absolutely brilliant, our roomwas spacious with a wonderful view of the Empire StateBuilding. The included breakfast was excellent -a welcomeextra to other hotels. The adjoining restaurant/bar was alsoa very welcome haven on our return from sightseeing - thestaff there as in the hotel were extremely friendly and thequality of food was excellent. As a british travel agent I havealready recommended this hotel many times and will certainlystay there again on ou return to New York - hopefully very soon!!!	
Jan 14 2007 	Great Location Great Value!	I have never written a review but felt I just had to after staying at this hotel. This was our first trip to New York City and we worked very hard to research the best price, location and amenities. This was a family reunion so we reserved 3 rooms total and each one was a little different from the other. We were traveling from December 26th through December 29th 2006. This Comfort Inn was adorable because it was a &quot;boutique style&quot; so you didn't feel like you where in a typical cookie cutter chain hotel. It was located on 35th street between 5th and 6th so it was walking distance to the Empire State Building, around the corner from Macy's and many other shops and even had an attached resturant ( with the best pizza I've had in a long time I might add) where you recieved a 15% discount as a guest at the hotel. This was also where the contenential breakfast was served each morning. With four teenages in our group it was enough to fill them up so all we had to buy was a hot dog on the street for lunch and then a nice dinner. A half a block away was a Starbucks, 24 hour drug store , subway station and deli. Across the street were two irish pubs (not loud) and parking. Upon arrival our rooms were ready early and we checked right in. There was also a very friendly and helpful bellman at the curb to help us unload. He was also there the day we left to help us load our car.The rooms were not huge but were very clean with new up to date bedding, new carpet and very comfortable beds. The bathroom was also very clean and adequit for our needs. It's easy to see you are in an old building when you are there with the old marble and wood staircase and very small eleveators but that really added to the charm of being in NYC!I am very picky about hotels and I thought this was great. If you are looking for the best value with an ideal location, look no further. This is the place to stay.	
Jan 14 2007 	What a view	No problems at all with check-in. We had two adjoining rooms with a connecting door. Very clean, great rooms. Expected to see buildings literally outside the window but was amazed to look out and up and were literally next to the Empire State Building. Amazing sight. At night could see the clouds swirling round the top it and lit up in red, white and blue. The position of the hotel was perfect. Literally out of the door and turn left and at the end of the block was Macys and the Empire State Building around the corner. Time Square and Grand Central within east walking distance. Breakfast was excellent. Great choice of cereal, fruit, bagels, bread, cakes etc. Are planning on visiting New York again next year and will definately go back to the Comfort Inn Manhattan	
Jan 3 2007 	okay	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights, Front desk staff were very nice and helpful. Location is excellent, literally a two minute walk to Macys.The room itself was a bit on the small side, but we managed, four of us in it, two double beds were bit smaller than usual. Room was clean and serviced every day. Toilet had a mind of its own and flooded the bathroom, another day flush handle came off!!Didn't think much of the breakfast that was included in hotel price, was mank actually, so we ended up ordering a fry instead one morning which was lovely.. Next morning we went in for another one in Brendans bar and asked for fry again, you'd think we asked the girl to kill a cow and pig with the way she looked at us, she was so ignorant and unpleasant we got up and walked out, and she was Irish we thought she's be ok but we were wrong!!!Would def stay here again, so convienent staff are lovely and helpful in this hotel, but would rather starve then go to Brendans Bar for breakfast..	
Jan 2 2007 	Comfortable experience at the comfort inn	My family and I stayed at this property Saturday, the 22nd-Thursday, the 27th. Overall, the property was a great experience for us. The building has a lot of beautiful old architectural touches, which make it very charming. When you arrive at the hotel, you should go get a luggage cart and unload. There are 2 parking garages down the street. The one on the hotel's side of the street offers discounts for staying at the Comfort Inn. The one across the street from that, however, does not offer discounts. When we walked in to the hotel, there was a small but comfortable lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful. When we got to our room, it was real nice and bigger than most New York City hotel rooms. Breakfast was pretty good. They had food like waffles, bagels, donuts, fruit, etc.It can get crowded, though. Some Warnings to adhere to: The elevator doors are only as wide as the luggage carts. In the elevators, you may feel some bouncing when there are a lot of people in them. Be careful of the front step up to the door when bringing a luggage cart. There are no individual thermostats in the rooms, so it can get warm at night.We are very close to everything including the Empire State Building, times square, 5th avenue and a whole lot more. I would not mind at all going back to the Comfort Inn.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great location good price	Very friendly staff, courteous and helpful. Let us check in early (noon) with a 2 bed room vs. a Queen plus sofa. Only complaint with room--shower would get very hot and then very cold and some mold (?) on the ceiling in the bathroom... Size of room was fine (not too small like some reviews say), location of hotel GREAT, beds comfortable, cleaning staff very friendly, continental breakfast ample, allow you to check your bags at the end of your stay and hold until later in the day...For the price, probably hard to beat. Feels very safe, front desk staff always around and aware.	
Dec 19 2006 	Great location 	Just returned from a four night stay in NYC with 7 friends/family members and we were all more than happy with our experience of the Comfort Inn Manhattan. We stayed in 4 of the double rooms which have previously been referred to as small. In reality, these rooms comfortably accommodate a double bed, a large TV, table &amp; chairs, 2 adults, 2 suitcases and plenty of shopping bags! What more could you need!? Some of the rooms on the lower floors at the back of the hotel are a little dark but, to compensate, you won't be bothered by street noise. As for breakfast, there was plenty of choice, availability and seating whenever we turned up.If you're looking for a decent hotel, great location, value for money, comfortable rooms and polite &amp; cheerful members of staff - that's exactly what you'll find here!	
Dec 5 2006 	Great location good for families	Great value - great location. Rooms are on the small side, but considering the price and the location it's worth it. Just a short walk to Macy's and the Empire State Building. Breakfast was a bit weak, but it was free (always lots of people - but I went at Christmas time). Would recommend this hotel, definately.	
Nov 27 2006	ny chick	stayed at the hotel in september.brill location.10min walk from times square.everything within walking distance.was expecting a small room when we arrived but it was huge for ny.will defo stay at it again as i am going back next year.the restaurant is amazing-best food i tasted in ny.friendly staff and quiet.	
Nov 22 2006 	Fab Hotel	Myself and my partner stayed here for 3 nights and had a fantastic time! Hotel is ideally situated just around the corner from Macy's!! and the Empire State Buiding. Rooms are clean and spacious. Hotel also has a fab coffee bar next door! Staff very helpful, especially Benny. A true star! All in all a wonderful time was had.	
Nov 20 2006 	Brill Location!!	My Husband myself and my 14yr old daughter along with my Brother and sister in law stayed here at the end of October for 5 days.All I can say is that we all had a brilliant time.The reception staff were polite and helpful nothing seemed too much trouble.Rooms are slightly dated but they are clean and comfortable. Bathroom was spotless with a brilliant power shower and bed linen white and crisp.The beds were among the most comfortable we have ever slept in.Just what you need after a hard day sightseeing.The location was brilliant.Coming out of the main entrance turn right and 200m down the street was Macy's turn left and walk 200m and you were at the Empire state building.We were a 10 minute walk from times square.There is a buffet breakfast in the morning with cereal fruit juice boiled eggs bagels toast fresh fruit coffee and the biggest donuts i have ever seen in my life.It was more than enough to set you up for the day.Can I also recommend Brendans the bar that is attached to the hotel.We had a meal there one night which was really good.My daughter was always welcome as well if we popped in for a drink before going out.We would certainly use this hotel again and recommend it to friends.	
Nov 16 2006 	Fantastic time	I stayed at the Comfort Inn in Manhattan for 4 nights with my boyfriend last week. We had a fantastic time and I thought the hotel thoroughly lived up to some of the great reviews it has had on this site. Being from England and also a keen sports fan I was espiecally pleased when I found out that Brendans bar next door showed some of the English football games so I got to watch Spurs V Chelsea on a sunday morning which was a bonus!Our room was spacious, clean although the toilet did get blocked once but that was dealt with efficently by the staff and casued us no real trouble. The free breakfast is great, i espiecally enjoyed the giant bagels and it was certainly enough to start the day. We ate at O'Rileys over the road twice and found it great value for food and generally a nice atmosphere. Macy's is a good shout as it is so near but I think if you are after some really decent more smart range clothes then Blommingdales is the place to go, espiecally for jeans if you like your brands!If I came to New York again I would not hesitate to stay at the Comfort Inn...overall a great little hotel	
Nov 5 2006 	great location and nice rooms for a city holiday!!!!!!	great location with easy access to everything, half a block from subway and Macy's one block from empire state and 10 minute walk from times square. hotel was clean the rooms were a good size. the breakfast was nice. plenty to eat. very helpful staff. overall a good hotel for a city holiday at a good price.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great Location-bad rooms!!	We stayed at this hotel in August for 5 nights. We were in a room on the 8th floor- with a view of a backside of some building(didn't really bother us)First the plus points:we had a smooth check-in( although we'd asked for a non-smoking room which we didn't get but the room we got thankfully didn't stink of smoke!)Great location- its a walking distance from most famous tourist spots, macys and empire state building are less than 1/2 a block away. Also, in NYC streets can be very lonely at night but 35th Street where this hotel is located is well lit as it it has a 24hr parking lot which is very well lit and a lot of people are around even at night.Friendly StaffAC in the room was nice and cool!Decent breakfast- though we got bored of it by the 4th day.. Now, the negatives:The Room: it was very very small.. this place is ok for a couple of nights but as we realised, when u stay for 5 nights u need more space especially when the shopping bags start piling up towards the end of the trip!Bad Bathroom: Apart from the fact that it was really small, it was not done up at all- the tiles were old and dirty, the towels were ok, it was just like a shower and toilet were fit inside a tiny dirty tiled room.. u know how good most hotel bathrooms are these days.. this was sad! U didn't wanna spend more than 5 mins in there!! U know it got worse since we were there for 5 days! U can put up with these things for 1-2 nights not more.The BED- I have never seen such a small DOUBLE bed.. U r sure to kick the other person atleast once , if not more! We could hardly sleep for 4-5 hours due to this .I'd say if its only location u care about this place is good, but if like me, U need a good room too.. then look at other options. I'm sure there are better hotels at similar prices. I won't stay here again.	
Oct 11 2006 	Excellent!	I was very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. It's location is excellent and, compared to other hotels in NYC, very reasonably priced. It's next to Macy's and the Empire State Building and right on the subway line that took us straight to the ferry for the Statue of Liberty and then right to Central Park for a wonderful horse and carriage ride. We then had a leisurely walk to Times Square and back to the hotel. The hotel had a wonderful &quot;old new york&quot; feel and the staff was the friendliest and most helpful we met in a long time. The only negative was the breakfast -- I'm not a fan of continental breakfasts, but those who are would love it. I would absolutely stay here again and I highly recommend it to others.	
Oct 8 2006 	Really good location	Visited this hotel in September, had a really great time. The hotel is in a really good location. It's on the same block as the Empire State building, Macy's is just a 2 min walk and Times Square is within walking distance. The hotel it's self is alittle dated but it was fine for us. It was clean. The room was not a bad size. The shower had plenty of hot water and was powerful which was nice to come back to after walking around the city all day. The breakfast which was free was fine. It had a selection of bagels, breads, cereals, pastries, fruits and yoghurts. At the reception area they had free coffee all day, which you could just help your self. The staff were all really friendly. Overall had a fantastic time in New york. I would say the hotel though is more of a base as your out all day anyway. But if you like to spend alot of time in your hotel your probably better booking a different hotel as the hotel is basic.	
Oct 4 2006 	central to everything	Stayed here in September with a girl friend for our 50th birthdays.We weren,t expecting anything grand as it was quite a cheap hotel, but we were well chuffed. The room was quite large with two queen size beds, tv, safe, air con, it was on the 10th floor at the front. No good views but we didn,t mind. The shower was really powerful. Everything was really clean which was our main concern. Breakfast was included in the price, bagels, eggs, cheese, muffins etc. but it was quite adequate.Staff were very nice the only thing I missed there was no kettle in room so everymorning you had to traipse to the lobby for tea or coffee, that was a bind if you like tea before you open your eyes. Would definetly stay here again as it was central Macy,s at top of street, Empire State round the block. Had a marvellous time	
Sep 17 2006 	Fantastic 	Fantastic staff, only too eager to help with directions, bookings for shows or travel to airport.The breakfast buffet was excellent, good choice if you get up outta bed early enough.Hotel is situated close enough to shops (Macy*s), the subway is a two minute walk away.Have stayed here before, and will stay here again.Thanks for a great holiday!	
Sep 6 2006	worth considering	I stayed at this hotel from 28th aug 06 for four nights with my family and friends which included an 18yr old and 22 yr old. First impressions, to be fair, were that it was a bit tired and in need of a bit of attention to decor and paintwork.. However, after a while we realised that the Comfort Inn is quite adequate for a stay in New York. Our friends had stayed at a superior hotel in Times Square last year and said that even though the Comfort Inn was a lower grade hotel, it had better facilities. Such as ice and drinks machines, ice buckets in the rooms and provided continental breakfast. Also they said the beds were more comfortable. The breakfast is adequate and a welcome change to having a cooked breakfast each day, healthier too!! The rooms were fine, bathrooms were ok and there is an abundance of fresh towels and flannels each day. If you run out of any toiletries they offer to replace free of charge where possible. Staff were courteous. I have a fear of lifts and was put off at first as they are quite small, but I got used to them. Hotel is walking distance to Empire State, Macy's and 5th Ave. In fact we walked to Times Square a couple of times. Quicker than cab! The only thing I would say against is that they do not have double glazing in bedrooms. But after a tiring day in New York, believe me, you will sleep through any traffic noise.I am a travel agent and have been to some wonderful hotels over the years. Whilst the Comfort Inn is a 2 -3 star hotel, I would have no hesitation in recommending it to families, friends, young people and those who would rather spend money on food, sightseeing etc than just having a classier room where all you do is go to sleep. Clean, comfortable beds, breakfast, ideal situation, what more do you need?	
Aug 27 2006	Mediocre	Stay at this hotel if you simply can't afford NY hotel prices. Rooms are small and dark.	
Aug 20 2006 	No No NO!	If you can afford a little more then please look at ur options. Relieved to finally arrive at the establishment, I was yet to experience the worst part of my holiday. Squeezed into the elevator to be welcomed by a stench of stale cigarettes on our floor. Through a &quot;badly needing refurbished corridor&quot; to our room, I gues it could have been worse, although i dread to imagine. The room was passable, the sheets were clean. There was a brick wall outside the window but that didnt really bother me, i was just worried about the cleanliness. It was clean. The toilet and shower were especially clean as well. However there was what i think.. no actually im not even sure what it was.. but there was something covered up with a metal casing in our room. It was almost like an old radiator that was filthy, rusting and well quite literally should not have been there. There is a free breakfast on the go, but lets just say i can understand why it was free. Unfortunately this hotel was booked as a package from my travel agent, so I naively chose to stay here. Some of the staff were lovely and the location of the hotel was simply perfect. The person i was travelling with accepted the hotel and thought it was not bad at all. I guess it just wasnt for me.	
Aug 8 2006	Great location - dreadful hotel!	This hotel has a great location - and if you get a room with a view of the Empire State Building (which we did) it will blow you away!Accomodation is basic and clean(ish). My main problem concerns the front desk. I was left an envelope by a relative for collection by me. When I enquired at the front desk I was told that there was no envelope for me. I asked a couple of times in case there had been a mistake - but the envelope never appeared. Now I'm sure you're wondering why this is an issue? When I got back tothe UK I was told that the envelope contained a thousand dollars. It had been left by my uncle - a Catholic priest! I'm sure you can all understand who I believe!To say the stay was sullied is an understatement! AVOID!!	
Aug 5 2006 	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan for 4 nights in July....again!! We had stayed there on a previous visit 4 years ago, and I stayed there with a friend last October. Obviously, if I wasn't happy with the place I wouldn't be going back there again and again!!!!!!!!!! Our room was fabulous, on the 5th floor, no noise at night, lovely and cool with the air conditioning, fine bathroom, TV etc. We ate in Brendan's one night, and out of the other local restaurants, found the Playwright the nicest. Fabulous location, only a few minutes walk to Macy's and all the other attractions of 34th Street. Also an easy walk into Times Square, or to 42nd Street. Once again, we are very happy with our stay, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 24 2006 	great base hotel	My husband and i stayed at the comfort inn for 2 weeks in july.This is a great base for all that New York City has to offer.We had a room on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel, and we found our room to be fine for our needs.The complimentary breakfast is totally adequate, and certainly sets you up fpr the day.We would definately stay there again.	
Jul 7 2006	Great Location Nice place to stay	I just spent 9 nights here in late June with my two teen sons. The location was super. A bit away from Times Square, but in the middle of Manhattan. We could get anywhere uptown or downtown within minutes on the bus or subway, or a $5.00 cab fare. It was nice to be apart from all the tourists in Times square. I loved shopping Macy's Herald Square. Just a half block away. Lots of restaurants close by. The buses run up and down 5th and 6th avenues, so close for getting around. Breakfast was just great, staff were really nice and helpful. Absolutely NO bugs, No street noise at night. Quiet and comfortable rooms. I would definitely stay again. Air conditioning worked fantastic after a hot humid day.	
Jul 7 2006	location location location	We stayed in the Comfort Inn Manhattan in May of 2006. It was a great location, which was in Herald Square next to Macy’s on 35th and Broadway. Vinny was very helpful by taking our luggage and letting us store it before we checked in and after we checked out. The workers at the hotel were very friendly. The room was small but nice. The shower sometimes got cold but what do you expect with a 100 year old hotel. The hotel was neat because it was older and had character. If you go, check out the old railings in the stairway. The stairs and the old mail slot next to the elevator have a lot of character. There is a nice Irish pub next door and down the way. The 32nd ‘N’ stop is right next to the hotel. The price was very reasonable compare to other hotels in the area. The breakfast was included and it was really good. I would recommend this hotel if you plan on visiting all the sites. We were very close to all the major tourist sites.	
Jun 18 2006	We'll be back - again!	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn, Manhattan last month for 4 nights, it was our second time to stay there and we were once again impressed. We had a great room on the 12th floor with a view of the Empire State which we loved. NYC was roasting when we were there and the air conditioning in the room made it a cool oasis from the city heat. The room was clean, the hotel is in a great location, the staff are helpful and the breakfast ample. What more could you want?! We will definitely return to the Comfort Inn on our next trip to New York.	
May 17 2006	missing you already	Myself and my boyfriend recently stayed at the comfort inn manhatten and really enjoyed our stay there. The breakfast was very nice especially the doughnuts and waffles.The location was fantastic for the empire state building, macys, times square. We saw Tom Cruise and Matthew Broderick while we were there too.Brendans food was excellent too and the irish bar accross the road so will definately return to stay hopefully for longer.The staff in reception were lovely too so hopefully we will see you all next time.I will be recommending this hotel to everyone.	
May 6 2006	Fantastic hotel and location	My partner (now fiance after our visit to the empire state building) and I stayed at the Comfort Inn for 5 days at the beginning of April and could not fault the place in any way. Our room had 2 double beds, plenty of room for all our shopping bags (most important) and the bathroom had all we needed. We always found the shower to be warm and very powerful, exactly what you need after a full days shopping!! The hotel also provided a safe for a reasonable price which saved carrying large amounts of cash or passports around each day. There was also a hairdryer and iron and ironing bored included which made life easier!!The staff in the hotel where very welcoming and Alex helped with any queries including arranging our return transport to JFK which was great value for money. Location of the hotel was fantastic, just metres from the subway station and walking distance to almost eveyrwhere! Macy's was at the end of the block and the Empire State building just one block away, both a must see!! Although comfy shoes definately required!We both loved the comfort Inn and would definately stay here again!! Do you want to go to New York to stay in a posh hotel or stay in a very clean and reasonable place like this and have alot more money to spend in the shops??? i know which i'd choose!!If you go to New York i'm sure you will have a fantastic time, I know we can't wait to go back!!! Have a great holiday x	
Apr 18 2006	Convenient Hotel	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 4 nights. The best part of the hotel was that it was convenient. Our room was very small, we were told we would have a queen sized bed and was given a small double and it was very noisy (we only managed to get 3/4 hours sleep per night) due to the noise outside. The breakfast was adequate and most of the staff were friendly enough (Alex was the best), but next time we would like to stay in a hotel which is more luxurious. We would rather have 2 nights in a nicer hotel than 4 nights here. You get what you pay for, but none of the hotels in New York are particulary cheap and we felt for the same money (or not much more) we could have chosen a much better hotel.	
Apr 15 2006	Hotel in excellent location	We have just got back from a 7 night stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan. The hotel is old and the two elevators are very slow but this hotel was fine. Our room was very spacious and clean,it had a comfy bed, iron and board, hairdryer. The shower was ok but hard to get the right heat, water either too cold or too hot. Apart from that, we had an excellent view of the Empire State Building! The breakfasts were great, coffee, bagels, doughnuts, fruit, cereal, toast. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is ideal for Empire State, Macy's, subway, etc.. I would like to stay in a posher hotel next time but if money is tight then this hotel does the job.	
Apr 14 2006	Brilliant Location!	We recently stayed at this hotel and had an absolutely wonderful time. The location is ideal. Just one block away from the Empire State Building and a five minute walk to macy's and times square. Although the rooms can be a little small, they are spotless and comfortable. The free breakfast is excellent. A wide range of bagels, cereals, toast, juices, porridge, coffee, teas and doughnuts and you can eat as much as you want. The perfect start to the day as it can be quite dificult to find somewhere for breakfast in this city. We had a room on the top floor so it was very peaceful at night. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. This is a wonderful hotel and excellent for the money! Already planning my next visit!	
Apr 6 2006	Great Location!	We visited on March 31, 2006; We only stayed overnight, but it was a great location and very comfortable. The room was small but we had 2 double beds and the bathroom was very clean. We had not requested a non-smoking room so this was a smoking room. Except for the ash tray found on the dresser, we could not tell that it was a smoking room. Everything was extremely clean and very decorative.I would recommend this hotel; the price was good and continental breakfast was great. They served us next door at Brendan's Bar &amp; Grill; we also ate lunch there and the food was great!.	
Apr 6 2006	nice stay at Murray Hill	We recently had the pleasure of staying 5 nights at the Comfort Inn Manhattan at Murray Hill. It was built in 1902 and had a wonderfully nostalgic aura about it.The staff were all friendly and efficient, except for Alex-he was just outstanding!Our days weren't complete without a visit with Alex to find out the best places to see in N.Y.The rooms were comfortable and clean, and the continental breakfast was just enough to start our day. We highly recommend a stay here when you visit N.Y.	
Mar 29 2006	Excellent location good place to stay i will come back!	I have spent 6 nights in NYC and I stayed in Commfort Inn. Location is excellent in Midtown between 5th and 6th Avenue, just one block away from Empire State. It is also very near of subway station just few meters from the hotel.They serve continental breakfast and this is a plus because it's hard to find breakfast included in NYC. Breakfast is not served in the hotel but in Brendan's a kind of Irish Pub/Restaurant but you don't have to go out of the hotel because there's a comunicating door between the hotel and the pub.Room was basic but clean and big enough, bathroom was also clean and nice but a bit narrow. There was just a strange (humidity I supose) stain on the ceiling.35th street can be a bit noisy at night so try to get a room in top floors.Staff is very helpfull and kind.When I come back to NYC I will stay in Comfort Inn.	
Mar 14 2006	What a gem! Perfect location top service!	This hotel was pefect for us. We were five budget travelers in NYC for five nights. The room (#405) wass't very big, but we did have five people sleeping in it. The sheets and pillows were superb, something I'd expect from a five star hotel. The bathroom was old but recently renovated so it was comfortable. The free breakfast was great, a selection of bagels, donuts, juice and cereal. Unfortunately there was no hot breakfast, but you wouldn't really expect more from a 3 star hotel. The location was simply perfect. I would not have wanted to stay anywhere else in NYC. We had a metro stop a mere two minute walk away, Macy's at one end of the block, 5 Av at the other, the Empire State Building across one block and plenty of food shops to eat at nearby. We always felt safe in this neighbourhood. The people at the front desk were very efficient and friendly, especially Alex. Just don't jump up and down in the lifts, because if you do, you will cause it to stop (like we did) and get stuck there for 40 minutes whilst they try get you out. I would return to this place for sure, and would recommend all my family and friends to stay there too!	
Mar 10 2006	I love the Comfort Inn	I have visited the Comfort Inn for the last 7 years and was a little concerned about some of the recent reviews but on my 8th visit I was not disappointed. Yes the hotel is a little shabby (but that's part of its charm) but hey you get what you pay for - and you don't spend all your holiday in your room. I had a lovely room on the 3rd floor that had a new carpet, new bedding and it looked as if the bathroom had had a spruce up. If like me you like to shop in New York save your money on fancy hotels and have more shopping money. The complementary breakfast is adequate and the Comfort Inn cannot be rivalled for its location - Macy's at the end of the street one way and 5th Avenue at the end of the street the other way. The staff are great and also the car service they use to take you back to the airport. Thank you - I shall be there for my 9th!!!	
Feb 21 2006	It is what it is	I'm absolutely amazed at the number of reviewers from the UK who had issues with this hotel. I mean...I've been to England and this is on par with places of similar price there. For what it is, the Comfort Inn is great.The building is over 100 years old and rennovations have been...selective. We had room 612. It's one of the larger rooms, having a feeling of a cruise ship state room. The ergonomics of the room leave a lot to be desired. When getting ready in the morning be sure you close the toilet lid, lest something jump off the sloping glass shelf and into the bowl. The small modern pedestal sink contrasted nicely with the smallish, sloping porcelain tub from the 20's. In fact, everything sloped in the room. The hallways are extremely narrow and covered with the most hideous, awful carpet. If you made a wrong left turn in our hallway, you'd tumble down a steep, narrow marble staircase, never to be heard from again.The room had recently been refurbished, new carpet, wallpaper, bedding and curtains. The room was still...odd and old. The baseboards could have used a lick of paint, about the tenth layer. The radiator covers had quite a few coats of paint too. The furniture had seen better days.But all in all you can't beat the location. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The breakfast was more than ample. There were 38 cable TV channels. The Korean place across the street was great for dinner. The Playwright Pub makes a great burger. The coffee place next door has a hot cup and a pastry available at any time.As for those who complained about the price for what you got, I'm really curious where the new, clean, cheap hotel in Manhattan is. I'm entirely convinced that it doesn't exist. If you want a good value for the money, a great location and a comfortable place to sleep, this will do the trick.	
Feb 21 2006	Great little hotel	Recently returned from my second trip to New York and have to say that the Comfort Inn Manhattan was a great place to stay. OK it could probably benefit from a bit of redecoration but it's clean and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The room was a good size, we had a double and a single bed and there was plenty of space in the bathroom.Having a safe in the closet was very useful and there were plenty of hangers and space for my clothes.We had a room on the eleventh floor and had a great view of both the Empire State and Chrysler buildings from our window. The breakfast included in the price of the room was good (especially the donuts!) and the cooked breakfast was great for a few dollars (highly recommend the pancakes). It was also very handy having a constant supply of tea and coffee in the lobby. Brendans restaurant also does a fantastic evening meal and the bar was a great place to hang around in whilst we were waiting for our airport transfer.The other great thing about this hotel is its location. A minutes walk to the nearest subway and 3 minutes walk to Macy's, with Times Square, Manhattan Mall and Fifth Avenue shopping also within easy walking distance.I would definately stay there again as it is a great little hotel that is certainly value for money.	
Feb 20 2006	Great! (For a 2 star)	Myself &amp; 3 other ladies (aged 32 to 62) stayed here last weekend and we were all very satisfied (and relieved, considering some of the reviews!) and would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to stay in central Manhattan (literally 2 minutes walk from Macy's) on a budget. We paid $154 plus tax per room per night incl. a self-service eat-as-much-as-you-like unlimited continental breakfast of bagels, cream cheese, bread/toast, juices, cereals, freshly brewed coffee &amp; tea, fruit - with an option to pay extra for a cooked breakfast with about 8 choices. Yes, it was on paper plates with plastic cutlery, but you can't have everything - remember, it is a 2 star. Staff very friendly, though we had nothing to complain about so not much dealings with them! We had 2 rooms on 9th floor with 2 double beds in each. Room 903 faced the street, hense very noisy at night (although we did have the window open), even though we were so far up, but this was our only complaint. It had a big bay window, fridge, microwave, safe, loads of storage for clothes (and shopping!), very comfy beds, lovely modern bedspreads, bathroom spotless with excellent pressurised shower, 4 each of bath towels, hand towels &amp; face cloths, all changed every day. Can't complain at all. Room 911 along the corridor was slightly smaller but with same amenities, and its window faced a brick wall, which wasn't great, but hey, we didn't have time to be looking out the window! It also meant it was a much quieter room. No noise of pipes. Lifts working perfectly during our whole stay. Bar adjoining hotel (residents could access it from lobby without going outside) was lovely - quiet in the afternoon &amp; buzzier at night - seemed to be very popular with non-residents too. Served food, though we didn't sample. Table service for drinks was excellent. Lobby is small but very attractively decorated with lovely couches and beautiful flower arrangements and unlimited 24 hour tea &amp; coffee machine. Really, as far as we could see, this would be rated a lot higher than 2 star in some other countries. Sure, you need to turn a blind eye to the odd bit of peeling paint/yellowing walls, but nowhere near as bad as we expected. Just remember, it IS a 2 star! And it IS in the most convenient location of Manhattan and it is a helluva lot cheaper than many hotels around there with the same standard! Go there!	
Feb 17 2006	It's a deal...no 2 ways around it!!	Okay..it's old. It's a little in need of a few repairs. Needs a little paint. Hey...who doesn't. If you don't like this place, then you would never visit your favorite, old aunt for Christmas.The Comfort Inn Manhattan is your old maiden aunt who is the most charming, excentic, formally beautiful lady you have ever met...and she has seen it all, too.Expect the worst from her and you will, indeed, be delighted by her staff (Alex is a real pro at multi-tasking) and the unbelievable centrallity of 35th St. Did I mention that she smokes a cigarette now and then and doesn't clean the floors too much, but she makes sure you have clean sheets and towels everyday? And she goes to great lengths to serve you a wonderful, filling breakfast in her antique dining area every morning!!! What a gal!!My wife and I stayed there for 4 nights in a 2 bed double on the nighth floor. Clean, neat, but no view...but who cares. Where do you think you are...Hawaii? Get out there and have fun!!!If you want to regulate the temperature....run the AC if the the steam heat is a little hot....it worked!!!!The stairs are very stylish, with the iron railing and the marble steps. They do not makem like that anymore. And, hey...both elevators work!!!! Had to wait maybe 20 seconds one day. Love it!!!We went to CNN tour, Wall Street, Chinatown, Grand Central Station, all of Times Square, saw Donald Trump at Letterman, Michael Moore at The Daily Show, Spamalot, Wicked and Westminster Doggy Show for the hound and doxie picks and the best of show later that night. If we had a view, it would have gone unnoticed. If you go to NYC, you go, go , go and then sleep.For all those who slammed this wonderful dusty old gem, go to the $400 a night places and grumble about how much everything costs. Leave your pride at home and enjoy the greatness of NYC. What a place.And we did all of this right after the Blizzard of '06.Go, spend your money on the things that count, and have fun!!!!!Kevin and Liz from Charlotte	
Jan 27 2006	Good location.....but the hotel left a lot to be desired	I was disappointed with my 5 night stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan. The hotel was in a desperate need of updating, the rooms were small, the noise from the pipes kept me awake most of the night, the reception staff were unhelpful (with the expection of one man) and the bathrooom needed a good clean.On the plus side, the hotel is in a good location and the bar next door was nice. I did not feel that this hotel was good value and would not consider staying there again.	
Jan 27 2006	You get what you pay for!	For a two star hotel in the most ideal location in Manhatten, the Comfort Inn was great. OK - It looks a bit tired in the (recently refurbished, the floral bedding has gone!) rooms and the heating / air con has a mind of it's own, but it was clean, comfortable and perfectly adequate. The staff WERE helpful - especially Alex on reception, and everyone was friendly. The breakfast in Brendan's next door was plentiful and the bar itself proved a useful place to relax after a days shopping or sightseeing. For the price and location I would recommend it for a short, no frills break. We would go back...	
Jan 23 2006	Try some place else	The staff was not helpful, the room was tiny and not what I had reserved. Very run down, needs a lot of work.	
Jan 23 2006	Just about OK....	Back from 3 nights at The Comfort Inn. First and foremost ask to change rooms if you are allocated Room 208 - it is TINY with the TV at the side of the bed rather in front of you so watching TV can be a bit of a pain! Room itself is very small (for a standard double) Very outdated and judging by the crowds that stay there the hotel could well afford to apply a lick of paint! Bathroom dated but clean - everything basic really. The famous heating system acts as an alarm clock every morning with its hissing sound but I believe this is the same in most rooms!Positive points - 2 minutes walk from Macy's therefore great location. Good enough breakie to start the day (tea/coffee/toast/cereal/bagels/juice etc) Not too sure if I would go back again though as it really is shabby for the money. Nice looking hotel across the road called Hotel Metro - not sure of the price etc. Great steakhouse around the corner called Keen's! Also Brendan's bar next door is nice for a few drinks.	
Jan 15 2006	Not too bad - Not too good either	I am just back from a 6 night stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan. The place is very , very outdated and is in serious need of refurbishment. The room is extremely outdated but on the other hand it was comfortable. The bathroom was clean and satisfactory. The breakfast was good, I had donuts and coffee most mornings. Although my mother had a weird gripe about the breakfast because of it being served on paper plates which she felt lacked a certain finesse. In regards to the heating it wasn't so much the banging but an annoying hiss. The only other gripe was that there was no coffee making facilities in the room , so everytime you wanted a coffee you had to go down to reception. In regards to the famous Alex, the guy is funny but he screwed us on the last day in regards to transportation to JFK. He informs us that because we had 3 bags we would have to get an SUV to JFK rather than a taxi. Obviously they have a deal with a firm , ended up costing us $90 when it only cost us $49 from the airport. So please flag down a taxi or ring one of the many firms offering transportation to the airport.The good thing about the Comfort Inn was simply its location, Macys is at the end of the block and the Empire State Building is only one block away.All in all it was a good holiday but the Comfort Inn Manhattan most certainly need to get the refurbishers in.	
Jan 4 2006	good good good	Me and my friends stayed in this hotel for christmas 2004, and we had a brilliant time.Why go...* Location - by Macy's and Empire State* Friendly and helpful staff* Free Breakfast and Coffee* Clean and comfy roomsnot to foget value for money	
Dec 27 2005	Wouldn't stay here ever again	I'll start with the positives- Cheap considering location- Great location (beside Macys)- Free breakfast which was fineThe negatives- Check in was fine but the heating system in our room never stopped banging. We lost a full nights sleep due to it. I'm a heavy sleeper but this noise was horendous to say the least. When I raised my concern I was told that this is an old hotel and problems with steam heating buildings were common!!! Alls they could do was turn it off the heating in the room which didn't really stop the problem!! So next day we went and got earplugs!! What a joke.- Its very run down and shabby- Staff not the most helpfulMy advice would be look for another hotel!!	
Dec 22 2005 	Dishonest manager! Room not held! 	I stay in Manhattan freqently and I'm a Choice Hotels Platinum member.In July my flight was delayed and I had a room reserved on my credit card. When I arrived NO ROOM WAS AVAILABLE. They did automatically bill my credit card. I was on the phone for hours trying to find a suitale substitute - nothing was available. I slept in the lobby until 5:00 am. The Hotel conviently 'split' my bill -- auto bill for the 'full night' and a paper receipt for 1 night upon check out (in total violation of Choice Hotel standards according the to rep I spoke to).I wrote to the manager - who responded to me and Choice Hotels International with 2 paragraphs full of OUTRIGHT LIES! I was outraged - by November - I was finally refunded my money - by Choice Hotels - not by the LYING manager.Other GREAT choices in that part of town -- Hotel 414, The Belvedere -- they're cheaper, on far nicer streets, better staff, and PRICE too! Besides the rip-off - the hotel is very mediocre and expensive. The street it's on is not nice and the traffic is choked.	
Dec 21 2005	GREAT LOCATION	My wife &amp; I stayed here for 5 nights. If you intend upon shopping then this place is ideally located half a block from Macys/Victoria's Secrets and one block from the Empire State Building. It is a 15 minute walk up to the Rockerfeller Centre/Radio City up 5th Avenue and 15 minutes to the heart of Broadway. Central Park is a 20/25 minutes walk but well worth it if visiting during the holidays for ice skating.Complimentary breakfast is included in the rate (coffee/tea/orange juice/bagels &amp; bread for toasting/cream cheese/cereals) which sets you up nicely pre lunch. This is served in Brendans Bar/Restaurant next door which is fine for dinner &amp; you qualify for a 15% discount being a hotel guest.Hotel staff pleasant and courteous. Both lifts are now operational! Overall good value for money, sure the place could do with a lick of paint but we found it clean (towels changed daily). As they say you get what you pay for in life so if you want a clean friendly centrally located hotel with breakfast then this place is perfect but don't expect the Waldorf Astoria when you are paying a much lower rate!Enjoy!!	
Dec 20 2005	Watch out for unwanted guests in your beds!	Hotel room was quite shabby. Found two different types of bugs in the beds! Bathroom smelled of pee. Staff not very helpful when dealing with this problem. Had to move hotel and pay out for it despite manager of Comfort Inn promising to refund the money which he didnt.Have travelled to over 15 different countries and never encountered a hotel like this one. Didnt expect it from the USA.	
Dec 18 2005	Ok but problems	When I first entered the Comfort Inn the desk clerks were complaining about being overworked, the door man was MIA, the lobby plants were drooping and dropping needles everywhere, the big glass entry doors were not clean... We dropped our luggage and came back later without seeing the room. The evening staff seemed less stressed the first night, but the second night, they again seemed distracted and less than anxious to help.  Our room was at the end of a short, narrow corridor and I felt claustrophobic. The floor in the entry hall of our room, sunk down each time we walked across it. I was sure we would end up in the room below. The floor was slanted toward the door and the room was dark and had a smarmy feeling that never really left. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean so we stayed. Our son had a room at the other end of the floor. His room was bigger and seemed more inviting, so it could be that we just got a bad room. I'm not saying that this is a bad motel - we have always liked Comfort Inns, but this wasn't a good room or a good stay. Whether it was short staffed because of illness or call-ins, or if there just isn't enough staff to care for the holiday crowds was not clear. I don't think it's unclean, but it lacks care. Again, that may be because the staff is down.  There are also loading areas for some tye of business on both sides of the hotel which meant noise at all hours. Being exhausted from walking New York helped get us to sleep, but if you are a light sleeper, request a room at the back of the hotel.  Since you pay as much here as at some other motels, I'd advise booking early at at a nicer hotel for the same price or less.	
Dec 2 2005	great hotel - would stay there again	Just back from a 3 night stay in the comfort inn on 35th street with my mother and aunt - both in their late 60's. The check in was smooth and all the staff we met were extremely polite and efficient. We also met the infamous Alex who kept my family entertained whenever we were in the lobby. We were on the 12th floor with a view of the Chrysler building. Our room was clean and a decent size with a fridge, microwave, hair dryer, tv etc. The bathroom was spotless and fresh towels were delivered each day, while the beds were comfy and had good linen. The hotel isn't brand new but is full of character and charm. Our room was quiet and we felt safe at all times. It’s also a safe location within a half block of Macey’s, The Empire State building and Fifth Avenue. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 10 2005	Great stay	First time in New York- went with my 2 daughters -my sister and a friend. Had a great holiday - hotel was very clean. Was better than we were expecting after reading some of the reviews. Beds were clean and confortable-towels etc were changed everyday. No problems with the lifts- staff were very friendly and very helpful. Great location for al lthe sites- everything is within walking distance. Having breakfast before we left the hotel was great-set us up for the days sightseeing-of which we done alot!!Will be def going back to stay here as planning a long weekend with hubby for next year.	
Nov 8 2005	hospitable	My mom sister and I stayed for two nights. We arrived around 12:30 on the 30th of October and checked out on the 1st of November.First off the staff was great! They were helpful from the very start, took our luggage more than 2 hours before check in so we could begin to enjoy the city. Always willing to guide us in getting around.We were very grateful for the size of the room. Only complaint was the pull out couch drooped, on the plus side, taking the mattress out and sleeping on the floor is always better anyway in order to avoid the bar from the pull out.The room, we were on the 12th floor, was clean and accomodating. The breakfast was fine with me, I had a bowl of raisin bran and a doughnut along with some great coffee. There was a variety...typical continental breakfast.Reccommend taking the ferry tour, ask someone at the front desk about it.Great location. Always felt safe.Alex, you were wonderful!!! Thank you for all of your help. May the peace of Christ be with you.Sincerely,Mrs. Pamela Miller (nose ring girl, lol)Loganville, Ga(metro-Atlanta) 	
Nov 4 2005	Loved location and clean	Loved the location and the rooms were clean. After reading a few reviews I was worried about the elavators, but both have now been renovated and we had no wait at all. Would recommend for the price, quite a find	
Nov 2 2005	Really pleased with hotel	Having read previous reviews of this hotel, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by every aspect of my stay. The staff were extremely polite and helpful (particularly Alex) and seemed to know the area really well. Brilliant location - within walking distance of loads of sights &amp; shops. The room itself was clean, tidy and a very reasonable size with a good sized (&amp; very clean) bathroom. The breakfasts were lovely - good selection of delicious bagels, cakes, cereals etc. The ONLY downside was that the heating system in our room was noisy first thing in the morning, lots of pipes clanking as it started up, but this was bearable as we were getting up early anyway. Overall I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again if I return to the city.	
Oct 28 2005	Very Pleased	My wife and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan for 4 nights and were very pleased. From previous reviews, we were not quite sure what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised. Both elevators are now working and we had no problem getting to and from our room. We had a King room which was small, but very comfortable. The carpet was kind of old, but the bedding and furniture looked very nice. We were not bothered with any noise at all. We never heard any noise from the halls or rooms close to us nor did we hear any street noise. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. The location of the hotel was top notch. We were right around the corner from the Empire State Building and Macy's and within short walking distance to numerous popular sights. Great shopping on 5th avenue is just around the corner also. There are several very convenient subway entrances close to the hotel. We were very pleased and would highly recommend this hotel for a comfortable and affordable stay. If you are looking for a plush hotel however, this is not the hotel to stay in. If you are looking for comfort, affordability, location and friendly staff, you will be very pleased.	
Oct 19 2005	great holiday	We stayed at the Comfort for 4 nights and had a great time even though it rained every day. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly, Alex gave us plenty of tips. We had a room on the 4th floor which was clean and tidy although we had no view as the only window led to the fire escape but that was not a problem. The breakfast was good and set us up for the day of sightseeing. The location of the hotel is excellent and all the sights are in walking distance. We would definately go back again. Had a great time.	
Oct 17 2005	Great place to stay on our first visit to NYC!	The Comfort Inn Manhattan is located on 35th Street between 5th and 6th Avenues. Turn left out of the hotel entrance, and you are in Herald Square and Macy's in under 5 minutes. The hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk from Times Square. Brendan's Bar &amp; Grill is located at the hotel, and that is where the free continental breakfast is served each morning. The breakfast included cereal, doughnuts, other pastries, toast, bagels, apples, coffee, orange juice, and apple juice. The menu at Brendan's provides decent prices on a fairly good selection of food. They are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, as is the adjacent Anesis Cafe, also at the hotel. Alex at the front desk seems to know everything about New York, so he is an excellent person to ask if you are unsure of where you are going, especially if you've never been to New York before. The front desk staff is also multilingual. Subway entrances are also located near the hotel, about a half-block away. The room, although not spacious, was clean and well-maintained. Our room had a king bed and a sofabed. When the sofabed was pulled out, there was no room to walk between that and the king bed, so that was a bit of a problem, but for New York, we felt the room was more than adequate. The only two issues to complain about the room are that the lighting was poor and the drain in the tub was slow. The hotel only has one working elevator, and that did cause us to wait a couple of times for about 5 minutes, but most of the time it did not seem to be a problem. Stairs are an option, although we never had to use them. The other elevator is under renovation, and has been for several years, according to other reviews I've read. Overall, I would recommend this hotel, and we may stay here if we visit NYC again.	
Oct 10 2005	OK just	Why my friend raved about this hotel I will never know. After a protracted booking in at the front desk, the room I was finally given was clean, but small and dark. Good points are the staff and the free breakfast. The hotel really needs a rate cut, a full clean up and some decoration. Oh and please fix the lift.	
Oct 3 2005	Prefect Location	We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and found it to be very good. Some reviews made me worry a little, but everything was fine. The location was fantastic, right in the heart of NY city where you can walk to just about anything. The room wasnt too bad in size, except for the double bed which was as a little bit of a tight squeeze and we are not huge people! Breakfast downstairs in Brendons bar was great, plenty of things to choose from. The staff were excellent and helped us out a great deal. I would stay here again if im in NY	
Sep 28 2005	Wonderful Hotel	My friends and I traveled to New York in Sept of 2005. For weeks beforre t he trip we would check out the reviews of our hotel and although most were positive, there were those who did not have a good experience, and all commented on the slow elevators. Well we had a thourouhly enjoyable stay at this hotel. Did not find the wait for the elevator long, rooms were very clean and of a good size. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The area and convenient location was fabulous. Would recommend to anyone and would stay there again.	
Sep 27 2005	Great Location Ok Place to Stay	After reading all of the reviews about this hotel, I wasn't sure what to expect, as there were as many good reviews as bad. We stayed here for 4 nights and found the place OK. It is old building, but clean, staff is very friendly &amp; helpful and the location was great. Only one of the two elevators was working, but a five minute wait isn't really a big deal. I was with two other ladies and we felt very safe walking around the area after dark. I think for the price we paid the place was better than I was expecting after reading the reviews. The room had a microwave and fridge, so we were able to come back and have a cool drink. People have to keep in mind that in New York City, if you can get an OK place for less than $200 per night, you shouldn't expect real luxury accommodations and we were in the room only long enough to shower and sleep so I would recommend this hotel as an OK place and a great central location.	
Sep 25 2005	Second trip to New York	This was our second trip to New York, we had previously been in April 2004 and stayed at the Ameritania.The location of the Comfort Inn is superb, come out of the hotel turn right and you have Fifth Avenue, turn left and you have Macy's......what better location can you ask for?Our room was on the eleventh floor with a direct view of the Empire State building, it was breath taking. The room was spacious, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was spacious too. The room is in need of a redecoration but was very clean, towels and bed linen were changed daily.Only one lift is still in service at the hotel, but this didn't create us any problems, even being on the eleventh floor! The second lift is due to be repaired anytime.Breakfast is taken in Brendan's next door, which is a really cosmopolitan bar, ideal for anytime of the day and especially when you're feet can't walk another step and liquid refreshment is needed!The staff at the hotel are very pleasant and very helpful.It is an ideal base from which to explore New York due to it's central location and as long as you're not expecting the Ritz then you won't be disappointed.P.S. Check out the roof top bar at the Metro Hotel over the road for great views of the Emprie State Building.	
Sep 18 2005	Fantastic Location!!!!	Brilliant Location! Really central for many of New Yorks attractions. Room was fine, not luxury but clean and quite spacious, there is far to much to do in New york anyway so spent very little time in the room, the bed was comfortable so thats the main thing.Good price per night aswell, considering the excellent location. Friendly staff, especially Alex who was very helpful with details of all the best sights to see etc, overall the staff made us feel very welcome and breakfast was included in the price which was an added bonus. I would definately stay there again. Brendans bar next door also does lovely food, and even better Cheesecake!!!!!	
Sep 17 2005	First time in New york	My husband,myself, and our 3 children stayed here during spring break. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was okay, after all, it is a continental breakfast. The elevators were an issue, so we took the stairs, luckily we were only on the sixth floor. The location was great! The price was the best we could find. I did notice that some of the other people staying there were not so nice to the staff, and in return they were not going out of their way to help them. The room was clean, but the halls are in need of repair. We would stay again.	
Aug 12 2005	Good choice!	The location was wonderful! The room was clean and quite large even if the wash-basin was unconfortable because it was really small. Only a lift worked but we didn't have any problem.Breakfast was included in the price and it was great!	
Aug 7 2005	good great location	Overall great, the only problem was one of the elevators did not work. But the staff was nice and the room was well decorated, clean and more spacious than other NY hotels I have been stayed in. The lobby is very pretty. The hotel is located less than a block from the subway and close to great bargain shopping like Macy's, Daffy's, Lush, Victoria's Secret, H&amp;M and Conway. We had a great view of the empire state building. We had a Southwest airlines discount so the total price (with tax) for 2 nights stay was $300, which was fine with me. Happy overall. I would certainly return again.	
Jul 17 2005	better off somewhere else	We were unlucky enough to pick this hotel for a one week stay. The only good points I can say are that the location is within walking distance of many attractions, the hot water came quickly for showers, and when we asked for a refrigerator it was delivered right away.However - the front staff was stand-offish. Only one very tiny, very slow elevator was in commision, and we usually had to climb the extremely narrow and dirty stairs. Our biggest complaint was that we had a &quot;non smoking room&quot; that reeked of smoke. We complained (since our daughter is asthmatic) to no avail. The room had one small window overlooking a brick wall. The hotel itself was grimy (we saw peices of trash - including a green M&amp;M that sat on the stairs all week- in the same place the entire time!). The floors were dirty and were in need of replacement. We tried to spend as little time as possible in our hotel room as there were few creature comforts.	
Jun 27 2005	Great Location!	Myself, my husband and our 2 yr old daughter stayed here for 3 nights in June and had a great stay. As mentioned in previous posts - it is not a luxurious hotel - however our room was large, clean and very comfortable (the bed was great) - a nice bathroom and a great shower. Our rooms were cleaned and beds made every day by the friendly maids (we left them $5 tip every day as they did a great job) The free breakfast in the morning was great and the perfect way to start the day. This included tea/coffee/orange and apple juice/4 types of cereal/bagels/toast/doughnuts/apples/oranges etc. We loved it! You could also order a cooked meal from the restaurant for around $8. The location of this hotel is second to none - right around the corner is the Empire State Building. We had a nice view of the Chrysler building from our room (beautiful at night) We explored the City on foot from this great little base and would recommend to others. When we return to this FABULOUS city - we will likely stay there again.	
Jun 27 2005	Ok hotel good location some rude service	My wife and I stayed at this hotel because we were in town for a Yankee game and do some sightseeing. We arrived a little early (around 12ish), and I stopped in to find out about parking and early check in. Basically was barely given the time of day by the lady at the front desk. She told me where I could get discount parking (18.00 per day), and said my room wasnt ready but didnt offer any time estimate of when it would be. I stopped back and asked two more times (at 2, and then 2:45), and did not even say anything when I could finally check in. She was continually rude the remainder of our stay, and a letter will be sent to them regarding her. Anyways, the room was ok. We stayed on the 11th floor, and elevators were definately an issue. Slow is an understatement. The hotel needs some TLC. Our room was clean, but the bathroom is small, the AC is front a window air conditioner. The room was a decent size though. The location was good. There was a subway stop a couple hundred feet away from the front door, Times Square was a 15 minute walk, some good diners/coffee shops were close (breakfast). Ground Zero and Statue of Liberty were easily accessible by subway, as was Yankee Stadium. I wouldnt stay here again on the next trip to NYC. The subway is so easy to use, I would probably stay outside of the city, and utilize mass transit to avoid parking and hopefully pay reasonable prices for food.	
Jun 23 2005	Not our best choice	Room for 2 for site seeing and Yankees game, only 1 night stay. Cant say that I would venture back to the same hotel in NY. Yes, Alex was great, he advised multiple things to see and gave decent directions. Only 1 of 2 elevators were working on the day we stayed, making the wait a little long. The elevators were about a 5x5 size so not many people (luggage) could even fit for the trip up or down. Getting off on the 7th floor, the entry flooring was damaged and in bad need of repair. The room was just as bad. Yes we had what looked to be clean bedding and towels. The air conditioning was a well worn window unit and I also noticed the heating system enclosed in a wall cover that was really out of shape. The drapes and sheers would not open properly over the window unit, so we had to utilize chairs to hold back the drapes so the air would flow into the room. We did not need to use the tiny closet area. The bathroom was really the laugh of the day. The sink was probably a 1 1/2 foot by 1 foot size, really small and there was a glass shelf placed below the mirror to hold glass, tissues, etc. Well, trying to brush my teeth and utilize the sink was a chore. Either you bang your head on the glass shelf or stoop over to use the sink. The toilet was crammed between the bathtub and wall. If I was a larger person, I would not have been able to utilize the toilet. The toilet paper roll was directly next to the toilet causing even less room. The shower was hot and that was about the best of the entire room. We stayed because we did not really expect to spend much time in the room anyway. The continental breakfast was a joke. My husband went down to get a light snack for me. The mechanical toaster was broken and you had to manually place the toast or bagel on the rack and watch it carefully to turn with tongs. A 9.99 replacement toster would have done the trick. Not much to choose from, toast, bagel or cereal. And he had to walk down the stairs becuase the elevator was apparently stuck. Well, we did the town, it was a good location and the bed was comfortable. Want to see the Yankees again, will try another place to stay. I recommend not to use room 708.	
Jun 7 2005	Sight-seeing central!	We (2 adults + 2 17 year-olds) stayed at the Comfort Inn for 4 nights at the start of June. It's a bit basic, just about clean enough and in need of a coat of paint but if like us you are only going to use it to sleep in (about 5 hours a night!), more than adequate for a sight-seeing based trip. The lifts get some stick but generally behaved OK although being on the top floor there could be a slight wait sometimes. There are only two small lifts (5 people each max.) so if you got there at a busy time - we saw 3 large school parties arrive during our stay - there could be problems.The famous Alex deserves his reputation. A mine of knowledge who steered us towards some great sight-seeing tours and eateries. Got the impression that he might be making a buck or two out of his recommendations but wouldn't begrudge him that as the tours we took were excellent. Overall the service from all the staff was helpful and polite.Location is superb. 2 minutes from Macys, Broadway, the Empire State and the subway. Also right opposite is the Metro Hotel with a fantastic roof terrace. Late night cocktails on the 14th floor over-shadowed by the ESB was one of the highlights of our trip. We also had a sneaky look around the Metro while we were there and I have to say if you can get good rates it would be a good step up from the Comfort.Didn't try the complimentary breakfast as there is just too much choice elsewhere so can't comment on that.NYC was an unbelieveable place. I had high expectations which were surpassed. Not one part of our break was disappointing and this might lead to the Comfort Inn being viewed through rose-tinted glasses which is why I have only given it an average rating but don't be put off, there's nothing wrong with it for a budget hotel.	
Jun 6 2005	Not awful but not good for whatever that's worth...	I gave this an okay rating because it was mostly clean and the front desk man, Alex, was really out-of-his-way friendly.Pros - Location was pretty good. The price was reasonable for NYC. No sign of bugs.Cons - The doors on either side of our room had clearly been reattached with the help of a lot of screws, so that was creepy. Both tiny elevators were running, but they were still really slow for 13 floor building. The floor we stayed on (sixth) had a very strong bleach/cleaner smell, as did our room. Still and all there were pubic hairs in the bathtub on the wall along with a brown smear that looked like rust. Mold on the bathroom ceiling, a precariously placed shelf above the sink that looked unstable, and overall the room was dark and sort of dank. My socks weren't particularly dirty for walking around the room so I think the carpet was fairly clean. The bed sheets seemed clean but I didn't sleep well. We saw no signs of bugs anywhere so that was reassuring... all in all, it was okay, but then we only were in the room a total of 7 hours over three days.I wouldn't stay here again - the Best Western Presidential on 48th was in much better shape and only slightly more expensive.	
May 19 2005	Everything you'll need	We chose the Comfort inn as the hotel for my wife and myself as a one night getaway to Manhatten, Being that I work in the Manhatten I knew this was a great location and I was right!!!You are nestled in the middle of everything and you can have a nice walk to many attractiions.The room was actually very nice and the staff was great!!!We really liked the great shower and the bed ws really comfortable. No, it's not the lap of luxury but it is more then fine. The elevators need work - but the stairs give you a good workout. I would stay here again and would recommend this to everyone.	
May 3 2005	Superb location and excellent value for money!	My fiancé and I stayed at the Comfort Inn for 7 nights. We flew BA from Manchester (don't listen to what they say on their website about the benefits of World Traveller, the Manchester flight is awful).We caught a taxi from JFK and cost about $55 after tolls and tips. It took half an hour and was well worth the yellow cab experience. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by Benny who helped get our cases from the cab. A very helpful man, we saw more of him than we did of the now famous Alex.The safe costs just over $1 per night, so don't be surprised when they tell you it's a compulsory charge. It's insured and well worth the payment. You choose your own code and everything was very secure.Our room was on the 5th floor (Room 509 actually) and was overlooked (as is most of midtown!) by the Empire State Building. We weren't facing the road and it was generally quite quiet. Because of the reviews on this site we weren't expecting 5* accommodation. Far from it. We knew that it would be relatively old, in need of a facelift and generally ok. In fact our room was a good size for NY standards, and very clean. Nothing can prepare you for the central heating system though. Our radiator was hidden behind a massive radiator cover. On the first day I wondered what was inside and took a look... A huge rusty antique radiator that even Tommy Walsh wouldn't want to restore! I thought 'this could never work'. But it certainly did, and you'll know about it!!!!!!Despite the notices in the bathroom about using towels twice to save the environment, our towels and bedding sheets were changed on a daily basis.Breakfast was a little bit disappointing, but nonetheless worthwhile. Make sure you're there before 9 otherwise you'll be faced with just cereal or oatmeal. If you do miss breakfast the small cafe next door does some excellent muffins.The location is without a doubt worth the old room. You are literally 2 minutes walk away from the Empire SB, Macy's, Gap, H&amp;M. 5-10 minutes from Times Square. We walked everywhere for the first 3 days. Yes you can walk to the south of the island, but paid for it when our legs seized up. The subway is amazing and the R line (takes you up to Central Park and down to South Ferry (Staten Island Ferry)) is on the doorstep. Beware the entrance at the end of the block is closed on Sundays. The metrocard is cheap and fantastic value.A word of advice, if you're walking to the Flatiron Building please walk down 6th Avenue and not Broadway. We went the 'wrong way' twice down Broadway and felt very uncomfortable on that section.If you're like us and the labels you buy are Diesel, G-Star etc. then the best shopping for you is down Broadway in SoHo. The streets are lined with excellent shops, and one to look out for is called Yellow Rat -------. Starbucks a plenty, so there's always a coffee or hot chocolate stop.Before you buy in Bloomingdales or Macy's visit the Visitor Bureau for a 11% off card. And look out for the free gift vouchers in the NYC guide. Beware, Macy's don't offer a free gift anymore. It's an 11% discount voucher, so get it BEFORE you spend!We will be returning to New York in the future, and will without doubt stay there again. Whether it's old or not, the location outweighs all the bad points. The way we saw it was 'It's clean, and the only time we're here is to have a shower, drop off shopping bags, and sleep.' The bed was comfy and that was enough for us!Don't expect New Yorkers to bend over backwards to be nice to you either. The whole 'service with a smile' seems to have escaped many of the people we came across. Even a street beggar yelled at me when I told him that I had no change. The truth of the matter was I didn't in fact have any change at all. I had my credit card and that's it. He retorted with a hateful 'I'm sorry I'm so goddamn polite', and that was on 5th Avenue! A bit of a down point, but I didn't let it spoil my day.Incidentally, if you're a Brit and want to know what to do about money then we took $900 in cash for food sightseeing etc, and this was plenty for a week. Everthing else we spent was on the credit card. The best credit card to get is the Nationwide Card. No loading and an excellent rate.	
Apr 27 2005	we had a great time	we stayed in this hotel of 5 nights. well located for empire state building, times square, broadway, shops and other attractions but long walk to central park. nearby easy access to subway and bus stop.our room on 11th floor was small, tired and grubby with room for 1 standard sized double bed and little else, but clean towels every day and lots hot water. upstairs halls and stairs looked dirty and in need of updating.only 1 lift working but sometimes needed staff to twiddle something to get doors to close plus we had to walk up 11 floors one day as people stuck between floors.reception area, bar and restaurant all looked clean and smart which was a little deceptive. bar &amp; restaurant was average. very good basic continental breakfast was included. all staff friendly and helpful. hotel was full so as an inexpensive hotel it was popular.	
Apr 20 2005	Locationlocationlocation but not much else!	We stayed at the comfort Inn Manhattan for three nights. If location is what you are interested in, it is great. We could walk to many places- Times Square, Empire State building, UN, Broadway, and more. However, the room with 2 double beds was small and we could barely get into the closet or to the air conditioner because the beds were so close to the walls. The halls and stairwells are in sad need of repair and were not kept clean. The furniture in the room was cheap and worn. The one working elevator didn't always work unless an employee fixed something that kept the door from closing. At times the ice machines weren't working. (When we complained about that, the manager told us ice machines are an &quot;amenity&quot; and didn't count toward dissatifaction guarantee.)The houseKeeping was not good. Peanuts I dropped on the floor the first night, stayed for the entire 3 days we were there. The positives were that the beds were comfortable and the shower was hot.It seems like you should get more for what you pay. But, then, in NYC it is an inexpensive hotel.	
Apr 12 2005	Would do it again!	We booked the Comfort Inn Manhattan as a &quot;backup&quot; hotel, hoping to get a nicer place on Hotwire. That never happened. I have to say it was clean, the people were very nice, the breakfast was basic but a perfect start to teenage boys, the location was wonderful and it was perfectly quiet on the 11th floor! I think it was a bargain for $135 for 2 double beds! Now about that 1 small elevator.....ridiculous! (I hear the other one has had the sign on it for 5 years now.) When you're on the 11th floor, you better have everything you need the first time down! I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again though!	
Apr 12 2005	Great location - rooms a little tired	Stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of April Paid 199 dollars for a room with 2 beds.Good points:-Location Location Location the bestWe got room 311 which had a small very dirty window overlooking a brick wall but the advantage was that we did not get any street noise.Lots of clean towels no smell of smokeFree coffee in receptionThe breakfast was Ok if a bit boringNot so good points:-The lifts we never saw anyone working on the lifts so I would be suprised if they impove in the near future, only one works and the queues were very long, as least we could use the stairs.Room was very dark but then we only really slept thereIt needs good renovation job but then what do you expect from a heavily used city hotelSummary, Excellent location which made up for the somewhat tired surroundings, We were satisfied but not ecstatic.	
Apr 11 2005	Great location would recommend	The Comfort Inn Manhattan was an excellent base for my trip to NY at the beginning of April. In fact I couldn't have asked for a better position. Out of my window I could see the Empire State building and at the end of the road was Macys! And, in just 15 minutes I was at the Rockefeller Centre and Saks. Times Square is literally 10 minutes, away, if that.The rooms are comfortable and definitely bearable for five days. Mine had a TV, hairdryer and bath/shower. The only thing they lacked was tea/coffee making facilities. Having said that, downstairs in reception there was free tea and coffee available.Breakfast was included and was in the adjoining restaurant which I later found out is not actually anything to do with the Comfort Inn. There serve great eveining meals if you don’t eve feel like venturing out. Breakfast was fine - toast, bagels, oranges and apples, donuts and muffins if you can stomach them at 8am, cereal and at a price a cooked breakfast NY style was available.This is a great place to stay if you don't intent to spend hours on end in your room. After all, that's not the reason for visiting NY.The only problem I experienced while here was the lifts. One had been taken out of service to be modernised which is fine, but when the second lift was playing up and was totally unreliable the nine flights of steep stairs were no fun!Overall: great location, comfortable stay and would definitely recommend for the price.	
Mar 30 2005	Nice stay at Comfort Inn	My sister's family and mine stayed at Comfort Inn for 6 days (22-28 March). We had 2 rooms, in each room 2 adults and two children, with a double bed and a sofa. My room 601 was large enough and clean. The bathroom was quite small, the washbasin tiny. All the staff were helpful and polite. The continental breakfast was ok, with nice pastries and fresh fruit ( apples and oranges). Free coffee and tea all day long in the lobby. Complimentary USA Today. Its great location, just a few steps form the subway and Macy's, makes the stay super. Of the 2 elevators one didn't work (we were told the elevators are under renovation), so we usually used the stairs instead of waiting. If possible ask for rooms on top floors because the street is quite noisy during working days, quiet at the weekend.No possibility to regulate the radiator, the temperature was really hot at night. In March we slept four for 170 dollars per night plus taxes.I believe this price is unbeatable considering the standard of the hotel.We all will stay at CoMfort Inn , 36th Street again.	
Mar 30 2005	Location Location location	Stayed in hotel one Monday night March 28. Location was excellent a short walk to Macy's, Herald square. Parking was very close with reduced rates for hotel. Down side--elevators....one was not working at all,which left only one which also had troubles. We spend alot of time waiting for an elevator since hotel help also were using them and only 5 people could use them at a time. At check-out we actually walked the skinny stairways down 10 floors with our luggage because there was no assurance you could get one or not. Staff said they are up-dating elevators and one should be ready in 6 weeks. I would check. It could be dangerous if there was a fire or someone who would have trouble walking. Good side breakfast was good in restaurant in hotel. Enough to eat and very helpful staff.	
Mar 29 2005	A Great Place	Have been using the Comfort Inn Manhattan for Shopping Trips from theUK since 1995. What can I say Great Location, excellent Staff that make you very welcome. Feel very much at home at the Comfort Inn	
Mar 26 2005	Our stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan	My fiance and I stayed and the Comfort Inn, Manhattan for 6 nights in February this year and we would return to that hotel again. This hotel is not a luxury hotel and its not fancy but it was great for a few days in New York when we didn't spend much time in the room apart from for sleeping. The hotel is in a good location being close to the subway and its within walking distance to Time Square and we felt very safe in the area. There are not a lot of places to go in the evenings; bars, restaurants or clubs around and so in the evenings we would have had to travel a little distance but this was no problem considering we got a good deal on the price of the hotel. The staff were really helpful, always willing to assist us, offer advise about what to do and really attentive. Our room was on the top floor, floor 12 and when we stayed there was only one old fashioned elevator which was working this meant waits of up to 10 minutes so we often took the stairs. However, I am assured that this is a temporary problem while they install new elevators. Our room was small but not tiny and the bed was comfortable. Our view was of the tops of buildings but this wasn't an issue for us as we spent most of the time out side the hotel anyhow. The bathroom had mould on the ceiling, the bath in the tap leaked all the time and generally wasn't very pleasant. We were, however, very comfortable at the hotel, and were able to overlook the issue with the lift, the bathroom and the old fashioned room and all in all, I would stay in this hotel again for the location, the friendly staff and the enjoyment of the wonderful city of New York.	
Mar 20 2005	This was not good	During a five-day stay we encountered numerous problems. The elevator was out of commission (we walked 11 flights), our bathtub had hairs in the drain (not our hair), the sink did not drain, could not reach the desk via telephone to leave a wake-up call. The breakfasts, however, were wonderful.	
Mar 18 2005	great hotel	this is the third time iv been to new york in 6 months...i have stayed here twice..room was very clean and cosy..staff were great.great location.and will stay here again	
Mar 17 2005	Very good value for the money	I stayed in the Comfort Inn Manhattan 35 st between 25/02/05 and 3/3/05 (5 nights with three friends) in a quad room.The staff at this hotel were very friendly especially our maid, which is unusual in NYC as people tend not too care. Our hotel room was clean, beds changed every second day and we were given fresh towels every day along with our beds etc being made. My only criticism would be that the hotel corridors, lifts and rooms etc were all dated it was very 80s. If this was to be modernised it would be excellent. We had a complimentary breakfast every morning which was nice this set you up for the day.At this time of year, it was very cold, it was a freak weather storm when we were there, we had a lot of snow over a few hrs. At the end of our street was Macy which was very handy, you could pop back with purchases and dump them in your room. Also I would recommend doing the Dinner Dance cruises (World Yacht) superb view and excellent service	
Mar 17 2005	Great Location	We stayed here between the 9th - 13th March on our honeymoon and found it to be great. The place looked tired, but the location and breakfast made up for it. We found the staff were both friendly and helpful. As long as you are not expecting things too posh, this place is great and I would recommend it.	
Mar 12 2005	Definitely would stay there again	Our first ever trip to New York and the Comfort Inn was ideally situated with Maceys a couple of minutes away, Broadway and Times Square, 5th Avenue within walking distance. Hotel could have done with a bit of renovation decoration wise and the lift was a joke especially when trying to get the cases downstairs when booking out. The staff were very helpful and pleasant, the rooms were very comfortable and clean. I have recommended it to all my friends and colleagues and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 11 2005	Good for the price!!	Stayed at the comfort inn manhattan from mar5-11th and found it to be perfectly adequate for us!! not luxury by any means, but for the price it was very decent!! staff were fine and alex we found was very imformative...(previous poster must have got him on a bad day) he even dug out the scottish footie results for me ( he doesn't normally ...only premiership usually)!! have no complaints really ..apart from the lift , it was murder, so slow only one of the two works, so we took stairs most days and we were on 11th floor, location is the main thing here ..so central to all major attractions and subway just outside!! would stay here again!!	
Mar 9 2005	Not as good as expected	Stayed at the Comfort Inn from 18 - 21 Feb 2005. The advantages of this hotel are it's excellent location, it's a stone throw from Macy's and the Empire State was right next to our bedroom window. It is also only a 10 minute walk to Times Square. It has a nice bar next door called Brendan's where you can get the british footie results. However, on the negative, our room reaked of cigarette smoke, and even though we are both smokers it was unbearable. The hotel couldn't give us another room and despite them promising to elimate the odour and us purchasing air freshener, it did not go away. Also the receptionist Alex was abrupt to the point of being rude on some occasions, and the heating was roasting hot and very noisy. The breakfast was ok, just cereal, bagels, toast &amp; doughnuts etc. But it's worth going to a diner for the real american breakfast experience. Try the Empire in Chelsea it's fab.I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget but request a non-smoking room and hope that you get one as some people checked in when we were checking out and had requested this but ended up with our old room - poor them!	
Mar 7 2005	Great stay!	Stayed In the Comfort Inn Manhatten during a really cold snap in February 2005, we only had to put the heating on once, it was noisy but we were so tired from sightseeing we slept like babies. Its an excellent location and the bar downstairs is reallt handy. Great breakfast too if you need to fill up for the day. Overall I would definitely recommend.	
Mar 7 2005	Good Central Hotel	Spent 7 days at this hotel. Staff were excellent and we were checked in efficiciently mid evening. Our room overlooked the Empire State Building (please note that there are offices either side of the building so when i theatrically threw open the curtains in the morning there were several office workers waving at me so i wouldnt advise it just in underwear). The room was quite small but it is typical for a city centre place and we had a queen sized bed. The bathroom was very small however and whilst clean not what i expected. We did nt spend too much time in the room, well you dont in NY do you?Reception seemed really nice and all the staff were friendly and informative. We never ate breakfast there even though it was included in the price as the diners around will be infinitely better and quite cheap. The most memorable thing is that its location is in little Korea and the smell of breakfast buns and hon su rolls being cooked as we left the hotel is something i fondly remember.The location cannot be beaten, around the corner from the ESB, macy's is a couple of blocks away. We never used the subway as everywhere is walkable. All in all this hotel was very good value for money.	
Mar 2 2005	Overall good value	It would be easy to make criticisms of this place - the bathroom was tiny, the heating incredibly noisy, everything could have been a little cleaner, and the one operating elevator was a joke. HOWEVER!! Overall, the room was spacious and comfortable, the breakfast was a good start to the day, the location is ideal and the staff were always pleasant and helpful. Considering how much hotels in NYC can cost, and how little time one would usually spend in ones room, the CI Manhattan is great value for money and I'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 1 2005	Location Location	Just back from a 4 nite stay in the comfort inn manhattan, great location, easy walking distance to fifth ave, all the shoppping areas, times square, broadway! Only complaint was that one of the lifts was out of the order and since we were staying on the 11th floor, sometimes had to wait a long time for the lift. Great location for access to JFK airport, overall impressed with what we got for the price we paid! I didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment on that, we had breakfast every day at the oxford cafe on fifth ave which was v. nice Overall great recommendation but if you want luxury book somewhere else!	
Feb 15 2005	Great hotel	Stayed in the Comfort Inn Manhatten from January 17th to 20th. Good hotel, great breakfast each morning. Superb location. And so easy to get to the airpport. Would reccommend this hotel.	
Feb 9 2005	Brilliant	I work for a tour operator and feature this hotel amongst others. i have stayed in many hotels in NYC and this is definately my favourite for the price/location/staff.  definately stay here next time i go! 	
Feb 7 2005	Superb location	We stayed at Comfort Inn Manhattan for 9 nights from Jan 25th. The first room we were shown to was tiny, cold &amp; depressing however after speaking with the receptionist we were moved to a large room with big bathroom &amp; 1 double &amp; single bed. Bedroom was v clean-new towels every day. Showers were powerful w/loads of hot water. TV was added bonus. We did not eat breakfast at hotel-great diners nearby. (We loved PAX deli). The hotel is literally 2 mins walk from Macys, 5 mins to Empire state &amp; subway is located at end of st(practically outside the hotel door).On the downside.......the radiators made alot of noise at night time, but cos we were so tired it didn't bother us at all. Hotel is a bit run down &amp; lifts are a joke.BUT excellent location more than makes up for anything lacking in the hotel. We had a room at back &amp; could not hear a thing which was great. Prob would stay here again	
Jan 30 2005	comfort inn very comfortable!	great hotel in a great location. booked on the strength of the recommendations on this site and they were spot on. spent five nights here and saw everything - very proximate to macys, empire state, 42nd st and penn station (handy for getting train to and from airport and which costs only $9.50 for a single trip) alex (the receptionist) isn't as good as the other reviews make out. it took him 20 minutes to tell us where to get the sight seeing bus from because he wouldn't let any of the other receptionists deal with anyone else and kept breaking off from dealing with us to deal with others which was quite annoying. breakfast was handy but lift is a bit slow. great price though for a good sized room with a big bathroom in an excellent location. ps the restaurant (brendans) is very good - possibly the nicest place we ate in all trip!	
Jan 15 2005	Amazingly quiet hotel in super location	Considering the competition in New York, this little gem stands out proud and is thoroughly recommended. The rooms are fairly small, but I could hear a pin drop from my rear facing room. There was no view from the 5th floor (even though I faced the Empire State) but that did not bother me.The room was brightly decorated and exceptionally clean, a real surprise from what you first experience when you walk into the hotel (and use the prehistoric lifts!). The bathrooms are well stocked and the water quality superb.Continental breakfast is included, although it's a small affair, with a couple of cereal dispensers, some brown/white bread with a toaster, juice, bagels and of course, tea &amp; coffee.On the downside, I noticed the walls are a little thin so hopefully the naughty goings on in the adjacent room won't keep you awake! There is also a noticable lack of security on the lobby level, and at breakfast I think at least 2 people sat there were from off the street - there is nobody checking who comes in or out.Overall a tidy hotel in a perfect location - if you plan only to be here for a good night's sleep after a long day in the Big Apple, then I think you'd be foolish to look elsewhere for the price.	
Jan 5 2005	Great deal!	We wanted a room for Nov.6-9, 2004, not realizing that was the weekend of the NY marathon. The Comfort Inn was the only place under $300 per night we could find. We booked it, expecting the worst. To our delight, it was wonderful! Clean, cozy, and incredibly convenient. The view from our room of the lit-up Empire State Building was an unexpected bonus. Even if you can afford a more expensive hotel, I'd recommend staying at the Comfort Inn and using the &quot;extra&quot; money on more shopping or fancier dining out. Terrific experience!	
Dec 8 2004	Absolutely Fabulous... can't wait to go again	Me and my other half stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan between 3rd and 7th Dec 04 to celebrate my 21st Birthday on the 5th. We arrived a couple of hours before check in and were really pleased that we were able to check in early so we could have a good walk around everywhere as this was our fist time in NY.Alex at the front desk was an angel throughout our trip and he really helped us with many things, from where to go to eat and directions and sightseeing. He is truly a tree of knowledge.Now a little bit about the hotel and room. I was worried about the size of the bathroom after reading a few reviews from this site, however i found it was not only ample, but larger than my bathroom at home. (and we ALWAYS had hot water). Regarding the radiators, they do make a wierd noise throughout the night and i suppose it was a little annoying, however, as we were that busy during the day shopping and seeing the sites, when our head hit the pillow we were out for the count and it didn't affect our sleep at all. The breakfast was basic, bread, toast, donuts, tea, coffee etc but it's so cheap to eat out and everything is in close proximity. The lifts were amusing- not slow (we never really waited more than a minute of so and the hotel was full) but the one nearest the desk has a tendency to bounce slightly on ground floor!Macys is at the end of the street and the Empire State Builidng around the corner, and there is a subway stop at the end of the street, only a couple of minutes walk. We used the subway for the first time ever on the second day and and then constantly after that. Of course you have to be careful but it is so easy to use and cheap and really worthwhile considering, as most of the major tourist sights are on the same line. Times Sq is only one stop on the Subway heading Uptown and amazing.All in all the hotel was great, the staff ever helpful and Alex a gem, and we will DEFINATELY be back again soon.Another thing to note, however not relating to the hotel; we took a tour whilst we were there which we booked in advance called a Phototrek Tour. Marc , our photographer and guide was fantastic, he took loads and loads of photo's, delivered the CD-ROM within a couple of hours, and they turned out great. I would suggest visiting his site to have a look as this was one of the best experiences we had whilst we were there. W also now have loads of photo's of use TOGETHER in and around what we thought were the most important tourist sites to us. Go to : ---------------------------------------------------------and mention Jennie and Ian Francis reccommended him.Hope this has been helpful and have a safe a fun trip.	
Nov 23 2004	Wonderful Hotel	Had the holiday of a lifetime, 30th Oct - 5th Nov 2004, based in Comfort Inn.Hotel is excellent. Rooms clean, bathroom cleaned and fresh towels daily, exceptionally comfy beds. Nice breakfast - endless fresh bagels, doughnuts and coffee.Brilliant staff. All are helpful and friendly, making you feel welcome and wanted - thanks Benny, Alex, Milady and the lovely Jackie the best chambermaid on the planet! Follow Alex's advice on touristy places to visit, and get Jackie to tell you about Harlem then go and see it.Hotel location is superb. One of our party has minor walking difficulty, but found getting about on foot is dead easy. Macy's, Empire State and subway are minutes away, and Times Square is easily walkable.	
Nov 2 2004	Couldn't have been better!	Stayed in the Comfort Inn, Manhattan for 7 nights in October 04. Nearly booked other hotels, but read terrible reviews for them on this site, so opted for the Comfort Inn based on lots of good reviews. As soon as we arrived we decided we'd made a good choice - great reception area with flower displays changed regularly, really comfortable room with a great view of the Empire State building. (some rooms at the back of the hotel seem to have this view &amp; are quieter.) The room &amp; ensuite bathroom were really clean with towels changed daily. A real bonus was a complimentary buffet breakfast - bagels, cereal, toast, doughnuts, coffee, juice, served in 'Brendan's Bar'.Macy's is 1 minutes walk, the subway is even closer, there are a couple of bars opposite that served good food (if you mentioned you were staying in Comfort Inn at 'Playwrights' they gave you a discount on your bill.) The concierge, Alex, was brilliant - lots of great tips about places to go &amp; ways of avoiding queues. When we return to New York we will definately book to stay here. For a 'chain' hotel &amp; the $130 a night we paid, we really couldn't have done better. Can't recommend it highly enough - ten out of ten!!	
Sep 27 2004	FANTASTIC	Staff are great very helpfulRooms clean and tidyGreat locationwould stay at this hotel again	
Sep 7 2004	A Prime Location	We stayed for five nights in June 2004, encouraged by all the positive reviews the hotel had previously received. We were delighted to find those reviews were very accurate in respect of the excellent value for money, helpfulness of the staff and the close proximity to a lot of the main attractions.As a base for a sightseeing trip, we are sure it will be very hard to beat. Our room was clean and tidy, good sized and, being at the rear of the hotel, very quiet. The buffet breakfast was adequate enough, but we didn't choose it for the cuisine. As a budget hotel we would certainly recommend it to anyone visiting the city for a few days.	
Aug 16 2004	great location	We stayed here for 3 nights in August. Although it was older, our room was clean. The kids pointed out that the floor squeaked and slanted in the room but we were all comfortable and slept well. We had a back room and were not bothered by the noise in the streets at all. The breakfast buffet was average and the kids certainly missed not having a pool. The price and convenience of the location made up for those downfalls in my opinion. It's a block from the ESB, Macy's and the metro. It's between 5th &amp; 6th Avenue so very easy to get to Times Square or shop. There's a parking garage next stores &amp; across the street so that was also convenient. Would definitely recommend to someone who wants a good budget hotel. If it weren't for not having a pool I think the family would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 15 2004	Excellent choice	We stayed at the hotel between the 6 th August and the 12 th August. The staff was very good and friendly. The cleaning was perfect, and Alex at the frontdesk was very helpfull. Every morning he gave us good advises, and had a answer for all our questions. The breakfast was fine, og location superb.Would deffinately stay there again.	
Aug 10 2004	Friendly handy home base	We visited in April, 2004 with our 12 and 17 year old children. The desk clerk made an effort to win them over with wit and trivia. The continental breakfast was a plus, and close proximity to the subway another plus. The room was adequate, especially considering that we were only there to sleep and shower. We felt safe and had a handy home base. Though little things weren't perfect, we'd stay there again, especially if it's a deal.	
Aug 5 2004	definitely stay here again	Stayed here July 2004. Absolutely loved the location. A quarter block from the Herald Sq. subway station, one block from Empire State Bldg., etc. Good 24 hour deli around the corner. Hotel did have slow elevators, so I took the stairs. Some shabbiness in common areas, but the room, while small and dark, was clean and everything worked in bathroom, A/C, etc. Loved the electronic safe in every room, made it very easy to lock up valuables. Price was $130 avg., and I would definitely return.	
Jul 20 2004	Great Hotel	Great hotel, staff was excellent. They held our luggage for us all day and gave us excellent directions on how to use the subway and how to get to museums, etc. Location was a little shady, but seemed safe enough. The room was small, but the beds were comfortable and large. Juice and coffee was available all day and complimentary breakfast was nice. Internet computer downstairs with wireless access if you have wireless laptop. Very clean. For a mid-priced hotel, it was very nice.	
Jul 18 2004	loved it loved it	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhatton between the 30 th June and the 5th July and totally loved it. The Staff were all friendly and welcoming especially Alex and Tony. The rooms were clean and spacious we stayed on the 12th Floor and had a fantastic view of Empire state building, After reading alot of bad reviews on here i thought i was going to dread it and was expecting the worse but it was totally wonderful. It was also very close to all attractions with Empire State building being about a 5 min walk and Times Square at about 15mins. I will deffinately be going again.......	
Jul 13 2004	Ok for a budget hotel	Stayed at the CI Manhattan July 5-9. Arrived late and received a smoking room w/slightly different room &quot;type&quot; -- both of which we had specifically requested otherwise in our original reservation~ The Front Desk was able to move us to non-smoking the next day but watch for this when you check in if it matters to you! Rooms are dark and small (they are converted from apartments I understand) and are split into 4 &quot;rooms&quot;, on either side of the elevator. Floors were quiet during our stay, the elevators are small but not too unbearably slow, and the breakfast is just ok but better than nothing! Location is great - very walkable to many attractions as others have said. All in all, I would probably return -- you aren't in your room much anyway!	
Jul 2 2004	Will be coming back	Whenever you travel you are always worried about the hotel. Let me tell you don't worry about the Comfort Inn Manhattan.It Is situated around the corner from the Empire State Building and you are only a 10 - 20 minutes walk (depends on traffic lights) away from Times Square well worth a visit during the day and night.The room was cleaned everyday and all staff were friendly, we had 2 reason to call the front desk with minor problems the first was dealt with within 10 minutes and the second was sorted while we went out. It is a great idea to have cold drink machines on every other floor. The breakfast was good and the bar &amp; restaurant attached to the hotel was very handy, had 2 meals in there (good quality), tip is added onto the bill so you don't have to do the maths.Can't wait to go back to the Comfort Inn Manhattan	
Jun 30 2004	Below Expectations Yet Bearable	Overall, this hotel was not great, yet not terrible. There were definite positive and negative aspects:Positive: convenient location to anything you'd ever need/attractions, reasonable rates, free breakfast and coffee, fairly clean.Negative: very small bathroom, water temperature constantly changes in the shower, very slow and/or busy and crowded elevators, managers and staff with bad attitudes.We stayed in room 904 for 4 nights and the end of June 2004.Would we stay here again? NO.There are many hotels in the same price range that provide a much better overall experience.	
Jun 29 2004	I don't understand why this Comfort Inn is rated so low...	I don't understand why the Comfort Inn Manhattan is rated so far below Comfort Inn Midtown. I actually stayed at both hotels in April '04, and while the Comfort Inn Midtown is superficially nicer to the Comfort Inn Manhattan, I would without hesitation choose Comfort Inn Manhattan over Midtown on my next trip to NYC. Not only was the service far superior, but I found the hotel itself more cozy and the location much better. Trust me, being right off of Times Square seems great when you are booking your trip, but actually having to deal with throngs of people ever time you step out of your hotel is a royal pain. I prefered the Comfort Inn Manhattan. Being so close to Macy's and the Empire State building, and so centrally located in NYC was wonderful. (Subway stops right on the corner!!) Also, the staff at the Manhattan is terrific. They really seem to care that you have a good time in NYC and willingly help their guests with whatever they need in a friendly and speedy manner. The staff at the Midtown, on the other hand, seemed busy and overworked, (if they were at the front desk at all or ever answered their phone) making one resistant to ask for help. Also, the free breakfast in the historic restaurant attached to the Manhattan is FAR superior to the crowded, plain little room at the Midtown. So, if you are trying to decide between staying at the Comfort Inn Midtown or Manhattan and don't care about superficial decor, but like a clean and safe place in a better location with good service for a discount price, I highly recommend you stay in the Comfort Inn Manhattan.	
Jun 27 2004	Had a great time staff was wonderful	We spent 4 nights at the INN, It was a great hotel, very clean, rooms were small but I didn't expect much more of a room for the price, I would definitely stay there again. It was worth the price and close to everything.	
Jun 3 2004	Great inexpensive hotel in Manhattan	The Comfort Inn Manhattan is a very nice hotel given its location and price. Rooms were decent sized for a downtown location, and it's convenient to most attractions (but if you want lots of street activity outside your door at all hours, stay a little closer to Times Square). The hotel offers a free continental breakfast, which, despite some complaints I've heard, is quite nice. The windows didn't open in the room though, which I was not too happy about (it did have an air conditioner though). But the staff is very friendy, and overall I enjoyed my stay there.	
May 31 2004	Good Value	$108 per night for a Queen size room, last week in May '04 what a bargain ?We found the Hotel to be clean and the staff very helpful. Our room had views over Empire State.The breakfast, also included for the price, made for a good start to the day. Tea, Coffee, Fruit Juices, Cereals, Fruit, Toast and a big, sticky cream filled buns.Overall - great price, great location and excellent value	
May 27 2004	Cheap convenient and clean	We wanted a basic hotel which was nice, clean, reasonably priced and with a good location and got what we bargained for - nothing more, nothing less.The location is great, especially if you want to explore NY as a tourist.Fifth Ave and Macy's are just around the corner.So is 34th St. station which has great connections.Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Village and a bunch of other locations are all within walking distance.The staff is nice and polite. We had a few problems with the plumbing, but they sent someone to fix it right away.All in all great value for money.	
May 4 2004	Comfortable and convenient	My wife and I stayed here on the basis of many comments on your website by users. Considering the price we paid for the room we found the hotel to be well managed and the room, though not large, had a very comfortable bed and was kept very clean. We did not like the very small bathroom and in order to get to the sink you had to be a little bit of a contortionist. The breakfast - included in the price - was good but why , oh why, did they have to use plastic crockery. Just 50 yards from the subway station and only 5 minutes away from Macy's. A very good location and compared to other hotels in this category we have used in New York , this was very good value. The concierge , Alex , was a mine of information and an engaging personality	
May 3 2004 	good location 	Planned a last minute business trip to NYC and all usual hotels were booked, so decided to try the Comfort Inn. Had no problems at all-got in at 10AM &amp; they stored our bags as room wasn't ready. Most of our biz dealings are in the garment district, so the hotel's location is perfect for that. Also liked having the N&amp; R subway right at the corner as it takes you just about anywhere.	
Apr 28 2004	Fantastic Value!	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan for four nights. We had four in a room which made it great value for money! A little hard with four girls fighting for mirror space but worth the saving...more money for shopping! The hotel is quite basic but suited our needs perfectly...we were hardly there anyway. The breakfast is quite plain...cereal, toast, bagels etc but is quite welcome as everything else we seemed to eat was quite sweet or rich! I definitely recommend the Comfort Inn Manhattan for a good value break!	
Apr 24 2004	Worth a stay	I booked this hotel as part of a package from the UK having read various reviews before doing so. We found the hotel ideal for what we wanted. The rooms we had (there were 7 of us in adjoining rooms) were clean and comfortable, with bathrooms that were big enough for us and no problems at all over hot water. We were on the 10th floor, at the back, which meant it was fairly quiet, with a great view of The Empire State Building. Our children found the rooms plenty big enough to play in and slept well every night on the sofa bed in one room and a double in the other. The location of the hotel was ideal, Macy's one way, Times Square another, the subway close by, so a great place to be with young ones. All of the staff were pleasant and helpful and we had a good meal in the restaurant on our last night. All in all, a good place to go with a family group, bearing in mind we were only using the rooms as a sleeping place in the main. If we re-visit NY with the children, we'd stay here again.	
Apr 17 2004	A Good Deal in NYC	This is my third trip to NYC (my husband is originally from Long Island) and we have stayed in different hotels all three times. The first time we stayed on Long Island (VERY expensive) with one night at the Essex House (very nice), the second time we stayed at the Quality Hotel on Broadway &amp; W. 94th (owned by the same chain) 6 weeks after 9/11 and got a great rate because no one was traveling but the hotel was way uptown.After some research, we decided to try the Comfort Inn mainly for it's location and price (averaged about $140/night). We stayed 7 nights. We were on the 7th floor facing the street. The room was quiet except for the first night when we could hear the garbage trucks very early in the morning. We had what they said was a queen bed (I think it really was a double) and a fold-out couch for our two teenaged girls. Our bed was very hard and as we are used to our king-sized bed at home, we didn't sleep well. The room was fairly clean but could have used a thorough deep cleaning. We had a smoking room as we are smokers but it didn't have a noticable smoke smell like some places we have stayed. The room was small but fairly normal for NY standards. It was really tight when the fold out couch was open.The bathroom was really sub-par though. I've never seen a smaller sink in my life, kind of like in a travel trailer. There was a small shelf for toiletries which made it almost impossible to lean over the sink for tooth brushing or face washing. Also, there was no hot water in the sink. The hot water in the shower was another problem. It was really hit or miss, mostly miss. There were several mornings where the water was lukewarm at best and I had to shower very quickly or the water turned downright cold. The kids had better luck with their nighttime showers. On the morning we left the water wasn't even lukewarm and I had to fly home without showering. Uggg.The staff was very accomodating. The first night our radiator was turned on with no way for us to turn it off which made for an overly warm room. We asked the front desk if they could turn it off for the rest of our stay and it was promptly taken care of. Alex at the front desk is a gem. He is a life-long New Yorker and very informative. The housekeeping staff was very respectful of us and didn't seem at all put out by the fact that we often didn't leave our room until 11 am. or so even though they were cleaning other rooms by us much earlier. We were a little disappointed not to be able to get extra pillows for the kids as the staff said they were out due to several large groups staying at the hotel (it was spring break and the hotel was filled with young French Canadians).All things considered, our stay was pleasant. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway.The location is excellent, near Macy's, the Empire State Building and easy access to the subways. We would stay again if we were traveling with the kids but if it was just my husband and me I would check out some other hotels for something a little fancier and more spacious.	
Apr 13 2004	Bad	When I was at this hotel...their garage was on fire and we had to wait a while to go back in. I did not find the location too good....the rooms were BASIC with a capital B.....it smelled of cigarette smoke ALL the time and i had a constant headache...I didn't like it too much.	
Apr 10 2004	Location location location	The location is wonderful. It is walking distance to everything in midtown manhattan and the subway is less than a 1/2 block away. We stayed in room 312 and were quite pleased. The room was not huge but was fine for the price and the amount of time you spent in it. The bathroom is not large but roomy enough. One of the elevators was out of order and the other very slow so we were lucky to be on only the 3rd floor. I would definetly stay here again. The staff was quite friendly and helpful. The street outside is not quite as busy as some of the other streets which made it nice and quiet. ask for a room toward the back. I would make my reservations on the choice hotels website. Much cheaper to do it directly with them.	
Apr 7 2004	OK sums it up	I was looking for somewhere for a 4 night stay for myself and my brother (its not easy finding twin rooms) around Mid March and after discovering this site and extensively reading up on tons of hotels I chose this one based on its generally excellent reviews, good location and very reasonable price. Overall we were generally satisfied. As I said the price was almost unbeatable and the location was just superb, however the hotel seemed to be lacking in certain areas and was not as clean or as nice as many previous reviews had implied. The room itself was noisy with some heater appliance making intermittent noises throughout the night would have kept many people awake. It had no view but I wasn't expecting anything more. - it looked clean overall but on closer inspection things like the plastic cups and carrier bags had been left under the beds, there was dirt and grime in the nooks and crannies and it just looked like it had been done in a rush. On the positive side the room was massive, the beds were comfy and remade everyday, the water was always hot and the room was really what you'd expect for the money paid. The breakfast could have been a bit better but hey I didn't really expect much more. I've given it an average rating because thats exactly what it was. It was adequate and about what I'd expect for what I paid. However going on previous reviews I couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed	
Mar 30 2004	Had problems	We wanted to find a nice place that was affordable. We checked expedia and found a few places around US$100 a night but they sounded terrible.. bedbugs, mold, dirty, odours, etc...But the place we stayed last time (the amazing Times Square Hilton) for $127 was really expesnsive this time.. we found the Comfort Inn Manhattan at the Choice Hotels site, and it looked good. $144 a night and it won the gold award from Choice Hotels 4 years in a row.. for superior quality, cleanliness, etc.. so we chose it. Plus it is a great location.. near Empire State Bldg, First Ave, Macy's, etc.We got room 1107 on August 20. The room was fine and clean and everything seemed fine.. the water did get a bit cold occasionally in the shower, but it ok .. the radiator/plumbing banged a bit but it was ok..But the first morning we woke up.. and there were BEDBUGS crawling all over the two beds (there were 3 of us)... disgusting! We specifically chose this hotel so we wouldn't have to worry about this as it had the gold award. We went to the desk clerk and he was fine and professional.. immediately gave us a new room (907) and the room was fine... no bedbugs...But we all got bitten several times that first night.. lots of big bites and swelling and itchiness.. had to take lots of antihistimines... not fun.. and at checkout no discount or compensation was given.. nothing! For a 4 night stay, we thought we'd at least get 1 night free for our troubles,but no discount.Another problem is the VERY SLOW elevators... we often walked up and down the stairs..Would we stay again? No.. Times Square Hilton wll be our next stay I think.. a bit extra money is worth it.I don't think they should have the gold award... the room must have had bedbugs for a while as we found several, and considering the number of bites we reecived (my GF got 9 and her cousin got 5) that first night, it was not what we expected for $144 a night.This hotel is nice.. everything was generally ok. it is not a Times Square Hilton, but it is also less expensive. Evrything would have been okay... but the bedbugs ruined it for us. Itchy for many days with big red swellings. And you'd think they would have given us a discount, but no... we won't stay here again.	
Mar 17 2004	Overall Not Too Bad	I reserved a room at the Comfort Inn Manhattan for a three-night stay in December of 2003. As an employee of the chain, I was able to obtain a very reasonable rate (especially since we stayed just before Christmas).The lobby, although very small, is beautiful and cozy. The elevators were slow and definitely showing signs of age but served our purposes just fine...it was still quicker than taking the stairs.The room was quite cramped. We had a room with two double beds and one was pushed right up agains the closet making access to hangers and the in-room safe quite a chore. The heat worked well...perhaps a little too well...but, we just cracked a window to regain comfort.The bathroom was not impressive. Nostalgic maybe, but I can't tell you how many times I bumped my head on the glass shelf just above the sink while brushing my teeth...I guest that's neither here nor there. I also had a hard time maintaining proper water temperature in the shower...too hot, then too cold.Overall, the hotel is nice. I was impressed with some staff and disappointed with others. The restaurant is of a very charming Irish pub style and the food was very good. I would recommend ordering off the daily special menu as the prices are very attractive. Plus, they have a free continental breakfast...adding to the value for the room rate.The location is also fantastic...less than one block to Macy's (Herald Square) and very close to the Empire State Building. If you don't mind close quarters for the small amount of time you'll be in the room, check out the Comfort Inn Manhattan.	
Feb 24 2004	ideal for tourist.	Great location, room was fine but was on the front &amp; the workmen were noisy at 2am onwards, earplugs needed.room was clean tidy decor a bit dated, Alex at the desk is a star!!!!!!!!, breakfast was good, use the Plowright pub across the road Jeff the barman was great, like being in cheers drinking at the bar watching Basketball on TV chewing the fat. For the price &amp; location added with the general room it was difficult to beat, at the end of the day you only sleep in the room you don't live in it!!!!!!!!! We will stop here again but ASK for a room at the back( some other folks were at the back &amp; it was quiet)	
Feb 24 2004	Good for the price...	I've recently returned from a 3 day 4 night trip to NYC with 3 other friends. Thankfully the weather was wonderful during our stay in NYC at this time of the year. We had a budget to stay on, and the Comfort Inn Manhattan was a great location for many attractions, subway access, shops, cabs and limited traffic. We arrived on a friday and parked our car in one of the 3 parking buildings across the street (this one gave us a discount because we stayed at the comfort inn) we were quickly checked into our room on the 7th floor. The elevators are very small and slow. But nice to know we had access to a in -hotel restaurant that stayed open late and offered room service. The hallways are very narrow and have these fire safety doors that make some rooms difficult to get luggage through. We had a 2 double beds room that faced 35st. The room was a little hot for us (and yes the heater does made some noise but did not lose sleep over it) so we popped open the window a little. The noise from the street was there but not loud. The room was very clean and the bathroom was on the small side but clean and had no prolem with getting hot water for a shower. However, the tub in our room did not drain hardly at all after each shower. So with 4 people taking showers the tub almost over flowed. The decor with ok, but a little dated. The following day we needed more towels and asked the front desk to send up some more after our day of touring. By the time we got to our room, they were right behind us with some more towels! Check out was easy and fast as well as the car lot. If you want to keep on budget and not snobbish about atmoshpere...this is the place! It was a quiet hotel, convenient and clean. Our use for the hotel was just what we needed. A comfortable room, easy access to sights and a place to sleep. Other than the tub we felt it was a very good choice for the money.	
Feb 23 2004	Highly Recommended- Even During a Black Out!	We checked in about 2 hours before the GREAT BLACK OUT in August 2003! We had a day and half without electricity and I must say that the staff were VERY good and accommodating during this time. It was not fun for ANYONE but the staff did the best they could trying to help the customers, giving out flashlights and water as they could. Once the electricity was back and running, we had a very lovely stay. The room, though not large, had a HUGE king size bed, good size tv and a sofa. The bathroom was large enough for both my husband- ex rugby player- and I to be in there at the same time. It was very clean and the air conditioning worked like a charm! The breakfast was adequate and the staff were excellent in recommendations and booking anything you desired. We had a helicopter tour and then a taxi back to the airport booked by Alex. The helicopter tour was even better than he said and..... well... the taxi ended up being a LIMO!!!! at same cost for us to take a regular yellow taxi from the airport! The location was perfect! I would highly recommend this hotel for a New York stay!	
Feb 11 2004	good and bad	the good- Alex at front desk,James the maintainence man,the free breakfast,free coffee.location,cleanliness,fast yes fast elevator-never had to waitthe bad-terrible noisy banging radiators,too much heat,noise if your room faces the street	
Jan 23 2004	Great location average hotel	Stayed at the CI Manhattan for 3 days in January 2004 and was reasonably pleased with what I found. The first thing to mention is the superb location with the Empire state building and Macy's around the corner, subway (both the transportation type and the sandwich eatery) at the end of the block and Times Sq. The Garden and all other major Midtown attractions no more than 5-10 minutes walk away.As for the hotel itself, it doesn't look too appealing from the outside but once you get inside the lobby is quite attractive, if not a little small. I arrived 30 minutes before the earliest stated check-in time of 15.00 but was checked in straight away without any problems. My request of a top floor room (usually keeps the noise down) was granted and I stayed in room 1204. This is a corner room with two windows, out of one you can see the ESB and the other the Crysler building in the distance although you have to look beyond the neighbouring office building. The room was small (as you'd probably expect for NY) with one double bed although enough for one person. The bathroom however was TINY and it was a job to clean my teeth over the sink without bumping my head. However both the bathroom and bedroom were very clean.Another concern before I arrived was the temperature. Outside it was -15c but I needent have worried as the room was tropical! Unfortunately the price paid for this was a noisy heater which would make a noise every hour or so for 15 minutes followed by a series of bangs. I didn't want to turn it off as I was worried about the pipes freezing but I did this anyway after a sleepess first night. After that no problem.Breakfast was basic and nothing to write home about. It was certainly not up to the standard of the budget hotels in Europe but it was good to start the day off with a bit of grubb. Overall the hotel was average, although I am judging that based on other hotels I have stayed in and not NY standards. I paid $99 per night for the room booked on the choicehotels website and I certainly could have done much worse with my money in NYC. So good value overall, especially with the exchange rate with the £ so good at the moment.	
Jan 15 2004	Pleasant stay	Stayed here the weekend before Christmas, '03. Have mixed feelings but would stay here again. Negatives - reserved and was charged for queen size room but given a single full size. Room was on a corner with lots of windows (good view of next door buildings and nothing scenic) but was very small. Bathroom was tiny - had to turn side ways to sit on the toilet. Fortunately my wife and I are fairly slender or pottying would have been very interesting. Only one small glass shelf, which slanted, to put things on in bathroom. Floor was uneven in several spots. However, it was clean. Alex at the front desk was a wonderful help for getting around town. The breakfast was typical Comfort Inn toast, bagels, dry cereals, etc. and therefore acceptable. Loved the location - great pubs next door and just across the street, subway handy, Macy's and Empire State almost next door. Was a good value for our dollar. Our question was if we were in a luxury room (I hope not) or the worst of the lot. If we had more time I would have asked to see some other rooms so we could compare. Will look on-line for something similar for our next trip this spring but if we don't see something obviously better for the same price, we'll stay here again.	
Jan 5 2004	Not a good experience	I was very disappointed in my stay here. The room we were given was small and dark. The tile in the bathroom had mold. The worst was the noise from the heater. Pinging and thumping all night. I could not sleep half the time. I even burned my hand on the hot water/coffee machine downstairs (no coffee machine in the room). I will never stay here again no matter what the price.	
Dec 22 2003	Fantastic value	Just returned from 5 day stay at Comfort Inn Manhattan. Couldn't fault it really. Staff were excellent - look out for Alex, the best receptionist in NYC - made our stay even more enjoyable. Room as spotlessly clean and comfortable. Excellent location - just off 5th Ave and a short stroll to Times Square. Free breakfast is good - plenty of food and drinks. Decor is a little dated - thats the only complaint I have. Would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere reasonably priced and value for money in NYC.	
Dec 2 2003	Wonderful Stay	My three friends and I just came back from the Macy's parade we stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan....We were treated very good and the staff were outstanding..I would recommend this hotel to any one...Thanks again for making our stay so pleasant.....Edie	
Nov 26 2003	Wonderful location	Have just returned from a three day stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan and would like to highly recommend this hotel. The location is excellent - it is just off 5th Avenue, 5 minutes from Macy's and the Empire State Building. Whatever you are looking for - shopping or tourist attractions, this hotel is central for all. The staff are extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgable. The complementary buffet breakfast is a real bonus as well. The decor could do with freshening up but this is a minor point - the rooms are clean and facilities more than adequate. I will certainly be staying there next time I visit NY.	
Nov 18 2003	Perfect Choice		
Nov 3 2003	Cheap Cheerful and Convenient		
Oct 7 2003	Great Value!		
Sep 29 2003	Disappointed		
Jul 26 2003	Good choice		
Jul 20 2003	Comfort Inn - Great Choice		
Jul 14 2003	Great choice!		
Jul 1 2003	Wonderful Week		
May 27 2003	Always consisitant		
Feb 24 2003	Great location; saved a bundle		
Nov 18 2009 	New York 2009		
Sep 13 2009 	Super zentral		
Sep 11 2009 	Buona posizione camere		
Sep 2 2009 	Excelente!!! (no entiendo las malas criticas)		
Aug 21 2009 	confortable		
Aug 10 2009 	Buen hotel excelente ubicación		
Jul 27 2009 	??????????		
Jul 16 2009 	Excelente ubicación		
May 9 2009 	Toplage und wirklich liebenswert		
Sep 29 2008 	Localización		
Jun 21 2008	situé idéalement		
Nov 27 2007 	Hotel puant		
Mar 11 2007	super situé en plein centre de tout pas cher bon ptit dèj		
Sep 20 2006	Très bon séjour		
