Nov 17 2009 	Perfect service	We stayed at the Kitano for 5 days in November, and we got exactly what we were looking for: excellent service. I'm a bit of a design nerd, so I am often drawn to trendier hotels, but the service at these hotels (especially in Manhattan) often leaves much to be desired. So this time, we opted to prioritize service over design, and I'm glad we did.True, the rooms are bit dated by my standards, but they were spotless and the customer service was impeccable. We had room service at least once a day, and we made requests for ice, glassware, pillows, etc., several times during our stay, so we had ample opportunity to judge the level of service. We weren't disappointed once. The staff is so friendly and happy to help. I would definitely recommend the Kitano. (We stayed in one of the King Premier rooms, and found it spacious and quiet, especially by New York standards.)	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Hotel; Excellent location	I spent four days at Affinia Gardens. The location is excellent, just a few blocks walk to Times square, Broadway Theater, and shopping areas. The Hotel staff were friendly mainly Mellisa, Shefi,Jennifer,Glanda and Caprice. More important it is a non smoking Hotel and pet friendly and impressed about their high quality bed linens.	
Nov 9 2009 	Okay	5 day stay in a twin double room on th 10th floor.The hotel was very quiet, but the rooms smelt of smoke and were very dark. But the rooms were clean, tidy and well equipped with flat screen 32 inch TV, minibar and CD/Radio with MP3 connection.Some staff were very helpful and some not so good. A good tip to the bell boy on arrivial purchased good service from them for the 5 days. But check in staff were very unwelcoming. Considering our party had 3 rooms and spent over $3000 between us during our stay we did not feel we were looked after at all you just felt invisible to most of staff. This could be good for some, but we like the American service you get in so many good hotels/restaurants etc.We stayed at the Sofitel New York last time and would go back there next time, it was better, but we are still to fine a top quality 4 star in NYC.	
Nov 1 2009 	good location	spent 5 nights at the kitano. the location is excellent, just a few min walk to grand central station and our room looked on to the empire state building. the hotel itself was ok, the rooms were spacious and the beds comfortable. the hotel was lovely and clean and the staff were friendly and helpful enough when we asked for anything. i did feel slightly disappointed with the hotel for the amount we paid for it. there was nothing specifically wrong, it just lacked something for me. in the surrounding area there are a couple of restaurants i would recommend - reese's (one of the best steaks i have ever had) and simply pasta is a nice little italian that was very reasonably priced. for bars there was an australian bar close by which was good and also the ginger man. overall i would prefer to try another hotel before i would return to the kitano.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel	We really liked the hotel very much. Good location to explore NY. Lovely room, clean and very quiet which was important for me. The staff always friendly. The beds were nice and soft which often is disappointing in hotels.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent choice!	Everything was great but don't use the hotel garage (actually is not in the hotel, it's a valet), our car was scratched at 2 different place....and we have been trying to contact the garage administration for 3 weeks without success.	
Oct 24 2009 	Quiet and Convenient NY Location	I just returned from a three-night visit, and I loved the hotel. The midtown location on Park Ave was perfect, and a short walk up to Grand Central Station/42nd Street subway entrance for Lexington Ave trains. The location was quiet by NY standands. My room was lovely, nicely decorated in muted earth tones, and very clean. High quality bed linens, bath towels, and bath products. I found the staff to be very efficient and helpful in answering my questions. The lobby area was never mobbed with people the way some NY hotels are. I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good Hotel in MidTown East Manhattan	Nice hotel; large room, friendly staff, good location on Park Ave. just down from Grand Central. Ate breakfast at the hotel one of the two days I stayed, it was unexceptional. Very nice concierge staff.	
Oct 20 2009 	Wonderful peaceful hotel	This hotel is in a great location 2 blocks from Grand Central station. The service was very good and I was impressed with how quiet it was. The room was spacious and very clean.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good location.	The best thing about this hotel is the location. Even though it is close to many things, it is in a quiet, well-to-do neighborhood. Grand Central Station (4, 5, 6, 7 trains) is 3 blocks north. You can take a Coach bus from Newark Airport that costs $25 roundtrip that drops you off on 41st and Park Ave. Times Sq (and all it's trains) is with in walking distance - 10min. Koreatown is about 6 blocks away. Empire St. Bldg is about 4 blocks south. The diner at Pershing Sq is supposed to be good and is always packed (we missed the breakfast time slot which ends at 1030a).We had the basic room with one double bed (room 501), it over looked Park Ave. The room and bathroom were clean and well taken care off. However, it was TINY! (My guess is no more than 200 sq ft.) There was just enough room for one nightstand and the bed. The standard room is big enough for one person or a couple on a short trip, there' won't be enough room for 2 large suitcases. The windows do insulate the noise from the street. However, we could hear noise from the hallway. Even on the non-smoking floor we could smell cigarette smoke from the ventilation system every day.Front desk/concierge staff is polite and helpful when approached. However I wouldn't say they were overly friendly or went out of their way to go above and beyond. (Maybe that's the Japanese culture?) Housekeeping staff was excellent, they would fix up our bed after every time we stopped back at the hotel for a rest. Bathroom toiletries were very nice. There's a towel warmer in every bathroom, you have to turn it on at least an hour before you want to shower. Remember to turn it off, it gets very hot. Water pressure in the shower was very good.When we checked in we were given a key for a mini bar that didn't exist in our room. This guy was not familiar with his hotel rooms.Would not pay full price for this room, we got a last minute deal for my birthday weekend on Priceline.com.	
Oct 17 2009 	Relaxing and easy	I would highly recommend this hotel great location, and very pleasant staff. The place was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. They provide little extras such as an umbrella, newspaper and a turndown service without extra charge. You can see Grand Central station from the front door so easy access to main attractions.	
Oct 12 2009 	Quiet Hotel in Good Location	Enjoyed our stay at the Kitano. Found a very good rate so decided to give it a try. The bedding was very nice with duvet cover over down comforter. Lots of well thought out touches such as wine glasses available and power strip for chargers at end of the desk area (hidden! but we found them) Nice bathroom. Very quiet as well. We were on the 15th floor so no street noise. Jazz in the bar however the night we stopped by for a drink everyone was sitting lined up along the wall very quiet more like a concert. All in all a good stay.	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect hotel perfect location nice room	We stayed here for 14 nights for our honeymoon and we had a very nice time. We recommend it fully if you manage to find a good price, it’s the perfect hotel in NY. Very clean, a lot of little extras: Shisheido hand soap, green tea, newspaper, bathrobes, slippers, umbrella... The only &quot;but&quot; is that the internet connection was not free, to connect via wifi you had to pay 10 $ each day. Not worth it if you just want to check your e-mail. You can instead go to the Public library or any apple store.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel in an elegant style	Nice Junior Suite with two double bed, got a free upgrade. Spacious clean room and great bathrooms. Helpful and kind staff. The rooms are not noisy. The Hotel is close to Grand Central Station and the walking distance to Times Square is approx. 10 - 15 minutes.	
Sep 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a great location	Quiet but central location, big, spotlessly clean rooms and great service. If you can get a good deal online I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Location Quiet a Bit Stiff but Very Clean and No Problems	We booked a 5 day leisure trip to NYC and found the Kitano through web search. Price for this boutique little hotel in an underpopulated, very upscale and quiet neighborhood in Murray Hill was excellent when we searched. Two years ago, you could not have touched this room for $450, we paid under $200. This is a very clean hotel and the atmosphere was cordial, but a little stiff. We had ZERO problems or issues with service, no bogus charges, elevators were fast and service was always timely and polite. Rooms were moderate, but bath was large with excellent shower and Gilchrist and Soames toiletries a big plus. Windows were essentially soundproof and opened at the top if you want to prove it to yourself. Location of this place is amazing, in easy walking distance to Les Halles, Little India, Empire State Bldg, Grand Central, Macys and Time's Square. I have done a lot worse in the Big Apple and if the price is this right again, I will return. Arrigato, Kitano.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good rooms and jazz bar but their reservation system is a joke!	After a stressful day at the office, you don't want to hear that your reservation was canceled (??) I never canceled anything but it's what I was told upon arrival!!. The office clerk told me they will check with their reservation manager and latelely came back and told me my reservation was canceled by mistake (??) After talking to the rude manager over the phone, they finally accomodated me with a room. Room was fine and their Jazz bar with live music made me relax for the evening...I'll probably return. I wouldnt rate this Hotel a 4stars though...	
Aug 18 2009 	*****	If you want gracious comfort, simple elegance and style, all amenities, a very professional accommodating staff and location, location, location stay at the Kitano Hoel on Park Avenue. Blissful!	
Aug 17 2009 	An Oasis of Quiet and Calm in the City that Never Sleeps!	My family of 4 stayed at the Kitano on 1st August 2009 for 4 nights. We arrived early and were allocated our room immediately on arrival. The front desk staff were courteous and professional, though I agree with other reviewers, not overly friendly, especially for the States. We, too, noted that the doorman frequently stood and watched while we struggled with the heavy main door, but we gave him as little attention as he gave us and it didn't cause us a problem. Our room was very clean and a fair size with a view of the Empire State Building. The window was smaller than average, though that did not really detract from the room. Little touches like the dressing gowns, slippers and umbrella were useful and appreciated. The hotel and our room was extremely quiet. We have not stayed anywhere quieter and certainly not in New York and we were very pleased to come back to an oasis of calm and serenity each evening. The beds were very comfortable and the bed linen crisp and white. The location is very good; a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station, 10 minutes to the New York Public Library and Bryant Park and similar to the Empire State Building. We got a good price and overall we were happy with our stay. We would stay there again and would recommend the Kitano to anyone looking for understated, calm and tranquil, but within walking distance of key attractions and sights.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location shame about the staff	I have to agree with the previous review that the staff at the Kitano were in no way friendly or helpful. We also experienced struggling with our bags whilst the door man looked on. Reception were also cold, making no effort to engage in polite conversation - we were on our honeymoon and we didn't even get a contratulations. I could also smell smoke in our non-smoking room, but at the time I thought it was just me going potty so I didn't complain!The other thing about this hotel that annoyed me greatly was the internet charge for wifi - $10 for 24 hours. I find this greedy when the room rates are so high.On the plus side, the location is good - a short stroll to the Empire State, Chrysler, Grand Central Terminal, 5th Avenue, Time Square and Central ParkThe rooms were well maintained and had adequate space and a nice bathroom. The view from the window was good - Empire state building.I would visit the Kitano again, but because of the location and the fact that the rooms were quiet.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very unfriendly...rooms fine but some of the personnel could be rude.	We stayed at the Kitano this past weekend. My mother in law, myself, my three kids, and two family friends. We had 3 rooms total. The rooms were fine, but most of the staff was rude. Upon arrival they got us a room that was supposed to be non-smoking - it wasn't. It reeked of smoke upon entry. When I called the front desk and she simply explained to me that the whole 10th floor was non-smoking. Even the bellman was disgusted by the smell of the room. I can't believe I had to insist that someone had been smoking in the room.The rooms were fine, overall, but the staff was not. The concierge could not be bothered to help out, the front desk was lukewarm and I actually struggled to open the front door while pushing a stroller two times while the doorman or bellman (I think they have only one person who does both jobs) just stood there and watched me struggle. All in all, not an overly pleasant experience although the rooms were fine an one Bellman, Ivan, could not have been nicer to me and my family.Perhaps just not a hotel that is recommended for families - at all.	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean and comfortable	Stayed here for a weekend. The rooms are a decent size, very clean and with nice touches (like complimentary robes/slippers and umbrella). Would definitely go back to it and recommend. It is in a quiet part of new york, so if you are looking to be in the middle of the excitement, this may not be for you.Booked it through expedia (flight/hotel deal) and it seemed quite reasonable when the flight/hotel were combined. I would NOT recommend the SuperShuttle service to the hotel from the airport. This is not associated with the hotel, but is an option of getting from A to B. Instead, if you are looking at getting to NY from the airport on the cheap, would recommend the bus service which leaves from grand central.FYI, there is a business centre in the hotel, but you have to pay to use it - about $8 for 15 minutes of internet usage.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice hotel....would go back if we're in the area...	Overall, I would recommend this hotel. It's not in the hustle and bustle of a Time Square type touristy area....it's quiet and ideal if you want to be able to walk to most anything in NY, but still have some quiet time. The hotel is quaint, in a quiet neighborhood. The rooms are clean, nice toiletry, added touch- towel warmer...although I couldn't figure out how to use it as it never really heated the towels.....the bed was comfortable and the fairly new lcd tv was a nice touch, although it's mounted on a &quot;floating&quot; television mount stand so if you have kids, may need to watch out as that could be an accident waiting to happen. Also, as others mentioned....there is no coffee maker in the room, since it's Japanese inspired, the room has a hot tea maker- convenient for the Japanese business men who seemed to be the primary guest at this hotel. The rooms don't have an ironing board and iron, so you'll have to call up for that, we found that a bit odd, since most hotel rooms have that standard. Nice thing about the room- the closet had bath robes, slippers and umbrella. The umbrella was important as it was sprinkling a bit during our stay and had we not had the umbrella in the room- we would have had to buy one...so that was a nice touch. The view at our room was very nice...as many other reviewers mentioned...the view of the church is absolutely beautiful. We did not dine at the restaurant as the prices were overpriced and with so many other options in NY, why bother? The staff was helpful (not above and beyond, but pleasant enough). The hotel does not have a gym, however if you check with the front desk, they will give you a gym pass at a local gym. My hubby visited the gym every morning and said it was convenient enough and accomplished his workouts without any hassle. ...also, we asked for a late checkout which we were able to get, that's pretty important in my ratings as I usually love a late checkout...hate having to rush out the room since most hotels are a 11:00 am checkout, we were able to get a 1pm. All in all, I would recommend this hotel, and would go back.	
Jul 12 2009	a very pleasant and quiet hotel	We stayed in the Kitano hotel for six nights. They upgraded us with no extra costs to a premier room in the corner of the building, which had extra windows. We had a good view on the Empire State Building and we even saw a part of the Chrysler Building from our room. The room was spacious, clean and very quiet, even though the hotel is in midtown Manhattan. Room service was great, every morning a newspaper was ready for us at our door. A nice and convenient service, when you do not travel with your own laptop, is the possibility to use the internet via the tv screen and this service did not cost very much (about 10 dollars for 24 hours). The only thing we did not like was the smell of cigarette smoke from other rooms on our floor, which tended to invade our room as well on some days. Smoking seems to be permitted in this hotel, at least in some rooms, but it would be better if all these rooms were on specific floors instead of between non-smoking rooms.	
Jul 1 2009 	Clean Quiet and Reasonably Priced	This hotel is just a few blocks away from Grand Central State, the Chrysler Building and the Public Library. Not much action in the immediate area but plenty of restaurants, a subway station within a few blocks. The hotel was very nice and the rooms were good sized for NY. Our room faced 38th St and was very quiet. The bed, pillows and linens were fantastic with a turn down service. You have to put the do not disturb out if you want to take a nap as they came by to check on the minibar and woke us up. We would certainly stay here again if we were looking for a mid-town location.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice	The hotel itself is very nice. Located approximately 2 walking blocks from Grand Central (exit GC to Pershing Square) on Park Avenue. We arrived around 11:00 a.m. and they checked us in and even upgraded us to a suite (we had booked a superior room with double beds). We ended up taking our daughter and they put a bed in the room for her which was very comfortable according to her. The hotel is very very very quite. It has a boutique feel to it. The hotel is very clean. The rooms have double windows so you can't hear a peep from outside unless you want to. We didn't eat there or go to the jazz bar. I personally don't know if I would want to stay there again because it seemed a little to stuffy for me. I liked the Barclay atmosphere better. We got a great rate on the room so we booked at the Kitano, Barclay was sold out. Over all it was a great stay, beautiful room, view, amenities, etc.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellent Choice!	My husband had heard of the Kitano from a comment made from a Professional Tennis Player. After reading other positive reviews, we decided to try it on our recent visit. We could not have been happier. The Kitano was situated a few blocks up from Grand Central right over Park Avenue. With the windows shut, there was absolutely no outside noise. It is a Japanese hotel and had traditional Japenese accents throughout the hotel. The exterior was well kept and had doormen that were always very friendly. The front desk staff were very friendly as well. They were very quick at check in and we had even arrived quite early before check in. They had a room available so they allowed us to go ahead and check in. We went up to our room, which was a bit small (but remember-NY rooms are usually a bit small) but was very nice. The bed was very comfortable and the view was right over Park Avenue. They had a nice flat screen tv. They even had a complimentary umbrella to use during your stay..which we did one afternoon. That was very nice little detail that we appreciated. They had a tea maker in the room with very nice tea cups. They also had stem glassware. You could call the front desk and they delivered a container of ice at no additional charge. There was not an ironing board in the room. The shower was nice as well as the HEATED towel rack! They offered High speed internet but we didn't use it. Some tips we have is to definitely travel in the early am for the quickest transportation between airport and hotel. The worst time is 5pm...takes at least an hour to get from manhatten to LaGuardia. Also, don't buy a snow globe unless you plan on packing it on your checked luggage-can't take it on the plane. Loved Little Italy, China town was interesting-right on the edge is a store I just fell in love with called Peony Red, Times Square-well,it is just crazy busy-Rockfeller Center was so much fun and had a Wimbledon set up which was awesome! They even had a grass court set up. I would definitely recommend the Kitano hotel. It is clean and friendly and you feel safe. Close enough to everything-either by walking or subway!	
Jun 25 2009 	fabulous hotel right by Grand Central Station	We stayed in this hotel after reading the reviews on TA, and using its booking service to get a fabulous rate. While the normal rights are pretty high, it is definitely worth staying here if you can afford the rates. Good central location a couple blocks from the subway or from Grand Central Terminus. The rooms are modern and elegant and definitely impressed.There is a first rate sushi restaurant on site, as well as a jazz lounge (which closes early).	
Jun 20 2009 	Lovely hotel soothing atmosphere	We stayed here over Easter weekend for my husband's birthday. We booked it with an amazingly low rate from Quickbook. We had a superior king room on the 11th floor. The staff were very nice, polite and efficient. The hotel was quiet and had an overall tranquil feel about it. I really liked the electric tea kettle in the room; it was a type I have not seen before and would love to have one of my own. The only con for us was that our room was very hot and we had to keep the windows open to keep it at a comfortable temperature. I actually tried to turn on the a/c but the staff told me the a/c in the building was not on yet. I would stay here again but later in the season so I could be guaranteed to have a/c if needed.	
Jun 17 2009 	Peaceful Room	This hotel is so quiet...The entire hotel has calming colors-classy decor and a Botero fat cat in the lobby. The beds and pillows were comfy. Nice lobby-I never got to the Jazz or the bar. Parking was little expensive-it is in a nice residential neighborhood of Manhattan-close to everything!	
May 22 2009 	Perfectly Adequate	The Kitano is a perfectly adequate, above average hotel. Upon checking in I was greeted by two friendly employees who got me checked-in and to my room in less than 5 minutes, which is always a plus when checking in around 8 p.m.The lobby is attractive, clad with marble and warm lighting. When I exited the elevator to my room on the third floor (309), it was so quiet one could hear a pin drop. This trend continued throughout my two night stay. I never head a peep from anyone or anything.The room was big, especially by NYC standards. The hotel claims that all rooms either have a view of Manhattan's skyline or Park Avenue. Sadly, my room had a view of neither. Instead it looked out over the roof with skylights and the view was obstructed by nearby buildings. Bottom line, I had to crane my neck even to the sky!Back to the rooms. The rooms were large and the bathroom was very large also adorned with plenty of marble and a towel warmer. Bottom line, the room was nice but dated with lamps and furniture that looked to be straight out of the 1990's. Perfectly adequate hotel that I would rate 3.5 stars.	
May 9 2009 	A great hotel for a business stay in Midtown!	The value was exceptional for the quality, as I happened to catch them on what must be a VERY RARE occasion with not all the rooms fully booked. They are a short walk to Grand Central station, across from a beautiful church.When you're travelling on business, a comfortable bed is a must so you can get a good night's sleep. The bed was large, very comfortable, and even came with a variety of pillows, so I found the perfect one for me. The office chair was better than most, and would be comfortable enough to sit and work at the desk all day! The bathroom toiletries were very nice and even the sewing kit was upgraded from what one usually finds. This was a valuable touch, as I needed to sew on a button and I could actually use this little kit. The breakfast buffet was delicious and I appreciated that Peter served me some of the Japanese specialty items (and told me how one is supposed to eat the dried seaweed, which is quite tasty once you prepare it correctly).	
Apr 24 2009 	Fantastic - Well worth it!	My husband and I stayed at the Kitano for 4 nights at the beginning of April for our honeymoon, and we had a fantastic time. The hotel room (Superior King on the 7th floor) was spacious, immaculately clean, great shower, extremely comfy bed and we had a view onto Park Avenue. The hotel is in an excellent location for sightseeing and in a quieter area, which we were thankful for. The hotel is located just 5 minutes walk from the Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. Really everything is within walking distance. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, especially the engineer as he managed to get my GHD's to work (Ladies - America is 110w and 250w do not work there!!). The bar in the hotel is great, fantastic cocktails, although a bit pricey.There are loads of excellent places to go for breakfast such as the Comfort Diner on 57th Street, about 10 minutes walk from the hotel and loads of coffee shops. There is an excellent restaurant on Park Avenue called Les Halles (Anthony Bourdain's) and we would highly recommend going. We also went to Gordon Ramsay's Maze at the London Hotel - Fantastic!! The Oyster Bar in Grand Central is also great.All in all I would highly recommend staying at the Kitano, it was worth paying the extra money, as the location was great.	
Apr 23 2009 	Why can`t all NY hotels be like this ?	Arrived to a warm welcome and was shown to a 10th floor corner room (1005).Although I had booked a corner room, this room was bigger than I expected and was very light with a good view of the fairly quiet Park Ave.Clean, spacious and well equiped.Staff very friendly &amp; helpful.Good quality shampoos etc and both fixed &amp; flexible shower hose/heads in bath.Bad points - well there has to be some - water not so hot in the bathroom at 0300 hrs &amp; bathroom smelt of smoke sometimes.I am only telling you this to be honest.DO NOT LET THIS PUT YOU OFF.Did not try any of the food but it looked fine, I got up late so had breakfast around the corner ,as many nearby cafes etc.Have wanted to stay at this hotel before but could not afford it. This time got a good deal as on their mailing list (25% off)Will stay here again as still good value at full price due to high standards &amp; location.	
Apr 17 2009 	Highly recommended	I have stated in a number of New York City hotels and found this to be one of the best. First of all, the rooms are QUIET!!! I'm used to hearing horns all night in Manhattan but the soundproofing was great. The room was also very comfortable and clean. The location is very convenient - we walked to the hotel from Grand Central, even in a light rain. The staff was helpful and there's a Starbucks a block away if you need your morning coffee. Plus we got a great deal on the room.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Location	Great location near Grand Central Station, within easy walking distances of many sights. The hotel is very peaceful, considering its the middle of NYC. Our room itself was dated but clean, adequate and comfortable - If I got it at the right price I would stay there again.The jazz at the bar was really good (even if you dont like jazz) and its free to residents.Tips - Try the Tribeca Grill for diner.	
Apr 5 2009 	best kept secret since 2003	I have stayed at the Kitano since 2003. This hotel is consistently excellent. The staff know me by name and also very polite. I like the area of Park avenue and Murray Hill. It is very convenient. Also Grand Central is only 2 minutes away by foot. The charm of small hotel makes it very quiet and private. Many of my associates also prefer this hotel. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent hotel highly recommended	The hotel was clean, quiet and the staff were extremely helpful. The location was ideal for a trip to New York.	
Mar 3 2009	Made a bride VERY VERY Happy	I stayed at The Kitano for my wedding weekend. I had a suite on the top floor which was lovely. My bridesmaids got ready there with me and we had plenty of space. The large bath tub was perfect for relaxing before my big day. We also had block of rooms (about 45) for guests. All the rooms were VERY clean and spacious. The rates were good too. The staff was friendly and ready to help with anything. We had our rehersal dinner in the Penthouse. The space is beautiful with amazing views of The Crystler Building and The Empire State Building. The food was excellent and so was the service. The hotels location is ideal. As it's on Park Avenue it's in a very safe area that's also quite but a quick walk to Times Square. This hotel is a win all around!	
Mar 2 2009 	Excellent Service	Just returned from a quick weekend stay at the Kitano. The hotel is lovely, the staff overly accomodating. I am a member of the Summit Hotel I Prefer club and we got upgraded to a corner room with a great view of Grand Central Station and Park Ave. The live jazz at the bar on Sat. night is excellent too. The room was quite large with ba small couch and chair, flat screen tv, desk and king size bed. The bathroom was roomy and the amenities from Gilchrest and Soames were a nice touch . I got a GREAT rate on expedia too so all in all this was a wonderful stay. (Grand Central is only 3 blocks away so it is quite convenient to anywhere in the city)	
Jan 29 2009 	Entirely Agreeable	Our six night stay at the Kitano was entirely agreeable. A very clean, quiet, and well run establishment. Assuming one can get a fairly reasonable rate, I see no reason to stay anywhere else.	
Jan 29 2009 	Loved it!	I had a comfortable, relaxing stay at the Kitano. I was in New York for business and this hotel gave me everything I needed - a convenient location, a very clean, modern, QUIET, comfortable room, reliable internet service, free access to a gym, and an extremely polite and helpful staff. The room had a huge flat screen TV, a spacious bathroom, a large, comfortable bed, and absolutely NO NOISE from the street. I will definitely stay here again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Perfect location for sightseeing in New York	We booked the Kitano at out local Thomas Cook Travel Agent and were not disappointed! This break was to celebrate my 50th birthday in November and also my husbands 50th which he celebrated in December.When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the friendly staff and our bags were taken to our room for us. We didn't fancy the green tea which was available in the room so the porter kindly brought us some nescafe!!!The room was spacious, spotlessly clean with a huge t.v on the wall. The bedding and towels were changed on a daily basis and the room was a comfortable haven to return to after a days sightseeing!When we arrived the mist was down but in the morning we opened the curtains to a view of the Empire State building. The hotel is situated in an ideal location for sightseeing in New York...it was really easy to visit all the 'main landmarks' i.e. Macy's, Rockerfeller Centre, Times Square, in fact we were able to walk to them!The hotel staff were really helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them.We enjoyed an excellent jazz session at the hotels bar.I would certainly recommend the Kitano to anyone visiting New York and thank them for making my birthday an occasion to remember....they even provided a card and plate of fresh fruit for my 'special' day!	
Nov 26 2008 	Great service in a nice hotel	Our stay in this hotel was great overall with the highlight being the excellent service the staff provided from the moment we arrived.The Kitano is quite a small hotel by New York standards, but that means you are more than simply a face walking through the door. It caters for a both business and leisure travellers, and I would recommend it for either based on this experience. We arrived at about noon on a Sunday and check-in is not officially until 2pm, but that did not phase the desk clerk checking us in. She offered us three rooms, with a rundown of the virtues or potential issues of each, before then contacting housekeeping to ask if a different one was available. Within twenty minutes of arriving I was in the room freshening up, so that seems pretty good service to me.During the course of the week we had cause to contact reception at midnight one evening about problem neighbours in the room next to ours, and the issue was immediately resolved by a courteous desk clerk and a helpful security guard.The only reservation I would have in recommending the hotel would be to guide anyone who has children or wants peace and quiet to press for a room on an upper floor, as we were on the fifth floor and could clearly hear the live jazz music from the bar every evening from Wednesday to Sunday. This only lasts until about eleven-thirty, but is noticeable even over the sound of the television, so could considerably detract from a peaceful stay for some travellers.That aside, the room was a good size and the double-glazing is fantastic - barely any street noise can filter through. The decor is still fresh and looks relatively recently refurbished, and all the facilities one would expect from a 4-star hotel are in evidence. The only area we cannot comment on is the food as we ate out all week, enjoying the variety of options in New York instead. The breakfast option was pricey, but in line with western hotels everywhere of this standard, so should not surprise travellers.Our stay lasted six nights and it was a good base for a longer stay such as ours. The location is good; Grand Central station is four (?) blocks north and can be seen from the entrance to the hotel, or there is a subway station five blocks south on the same street, so it is great for the subway. Being mid-town means you can reach anywhere relatively easy and for us meant plenty of opportunity to walk when we wanted, or not if we didn't.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. It was a great recommendation by our travel agent, so hope others will give it a go too.	
Nov 17 2008 	Excellent hotel excellent location	We had an excellent room on the 6th floor for our 8-day stay (covering the NY Marathon and the Obama election!): no great view but by crouching you could just glimpse the top of the Empire State building. Spacious room, enormous triple bed, luxurious bathroom. Friendly and helpful staff at all levels: we asked beforehand by email for blankets instead of a duvet and blankets had duly been substituted before we arrived. Free NY Times delivered to your room daily (exc. Sundays).There's an efficient water heater (like an electric kettle) for the Japanese green tea provided, but if you want to use it for ordinary tea or coffee, take your own (and buy fresh milk from a nearby deli for the small refrigerator). No biscuits (cookies), nor sweeteners, are provided. Internet access in the room is fast and efficient and not unduly expensive at just under $10 for any 24 hours.Eating in the Kitano was much too expensive for us but there are plenty of alternatives. We strongly recommend Bloom's Deli and Café on Lexington (corner of E40th St: http://nymag.com/listings/restaurant/blooms-delicatessen/) for splendid and affordable breakfasts, and lunches and dinners too. Much better and cheaper than the place in Pershing Square opposite Grand Central recommended by others. There are good Indian and Chinese restaurants as well as ordinary diners in easy walking distance: explore Lexington and Third Ave. between about 30th and 45th Streets. And don't miss the surprisingly affordable Oyster Bar and Restaurant inside Grand Central Station -- one of the sights and experiences of New York.Brian Barder (London, UK)http://www.barder.com/ephems/	
Nov 11 2008 	Tateful tranquil and worth it	I have stayed twice at the Kitano, but not on my last visit to Manhattan. That was a mistake. I will definitely re-book this hotel. The rooms are generously sized and the amenities are lovely and the service is quiet, calm and very professional. The property has a lot of things going for it. I would not change a thing. Although I would never pay this price anywhere else in the world. I believe it to be fair value all things considered.	
Nov 3 2008 	A tranquil oasis amid the hustle and bustle that is New York	Stayed at the Kitano end of October 2008 for a week. We were very pleased with our choice of hotel helped by the reviews on Tripadvisor. Booked through BA website we got a reasonable deal - cheaper than elsewhere and we looked everywhere! We had a room on the fifth floor, no view to speak of but the room itself was really good and large by New York standards. Huge comfortable bed with flat screen TV, coffee making facilties (take own tea, coffee and milk), internet facilties, safe, umbrella (we needed this on one day!) etc. En-suite was very nice too with bath and shower, hair dryer etc. There was no noise at all which surprised us. Staff were very kind and helpful. We did not eat here as the locale has an abundance of eateries with a diverse choice. It is situated within walking distance af several places including the theatres of Broadway and Times Square, Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue, Central Park, Top of the RocK and Grand Central Terminal. For getting around further afield we used the underground from Grand Central travelling to WTC, Battery Park (for Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island tours) and Soho for yet more shopping. Cost was just $7.50 per person for unlimited travel per day until 3am. Good value and we felt safe at all times. For meals we can recommend the Moores Irsh Pub close to Central Terminal serving good pub type food and excellent beers. Reasonable rates, good service and very busy. Have lunch at the WTC overlooking the harbour on the Hudson. We did use the internet at the hotel on the first day at a cost of $8 per 15 mins however, just two blocks away on Fifth Avenue was the New York Library where you can get online for free for 45mins every day. Took a taxi over to Chelsea Piers where we went on a dining cruise on Bateaux New York - a good trip but the food was just OK for the cost - around £60 per person. The Circle Line three hour tour was very good and informative - an excellent guide called David Parker knows all there is to know. When we return to New York we will certainly look to rebook this hotel.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Experience	My girlfriend and I stayed here one night in Spetember. The staff were extremely helpful and we managed to to get an early check in which was much wlecomed after an 8 hour flight. We requested a room on a high floor and had a beautiful view of the church outside.The room was very spacious with a 32inch flat screen tv on the wall and a very spacious bathroom. The water was a bit tricky to work but good once you got the hang of it. The only thing that we we could not understand was why there was only 1 bathrobe for a 2 person room.The location is great for Midtown activities and perfect for something near to Grand Central.This hotel is highly recommended.	
Oct 28 2008 	Elegant clean and central hotel in New York City	Kitano has a great location. It's very central, only few blocks from the Grand Central Station, shopping on Madison, sights on Fifth Avenue, etc.Room are extremely clean and well organized. You do get a nice size room for NYC standards. Flat panel TV, water heater with green tea packs, slipper and quality bathroom products are some of the offerings.Kitano has an excellent Japanese restaurant in the lower level called the Hakubai. The food preparation is very authentic. Besides the Hakubai there is also the Garden Cafe for casual dining. Also there is a Jazz club on the mezzanine level with live bands almost every night. You can order full menu of drinks and food while listening to some talented artists.[-]	
Oct 25 2008 	Lovely calm hotel	We really enjoyed our two nights at the Kitano. It was a really calm, relaxing place, in a good location (couple of minutes from Grand Central Station). I would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends.	
Oct 18 2008 	Fantastic stay at the Kitano	We stayed at the Kitano for five nights at the end of September. We picked the hotel after reading reviews on this site, we couldn't have been more pleased with our choice. Everything from our room to the service of the staff was spot on! The bed was huge and comfy, we stayed in a basic king room which was more than good enough for what we wanted out of our trip. The bathroom looked basic at first glance but at closer inspection it was easy to see that it was finished to a very high standard.The location was another reason to pick the Kitano, only a five minute walk to Grand Central, we were very happy that alot of the sight seeing was on our door step.We never tried the food so can't comment but i would highly recomend trying Pershing square for breakfast! It's located opposite the main entrance to Grand Central...Great place!We tried the bar once for a drink and although it wasn't the most happening of places the bar staff were very welcoming.I would give serious consideration to staying here again on our return and the only thing that would stop us would be if we decided to stay in area we didn't get round to exploring.	
Sep 28 2008 	If it is good enough for the Emperor's family ...	... it is good enough for my fiancee and i!!Review is being written a few few years after returning and things may well have changed since then; BUT we stayed there over a Valentine's weekend and had a memorable time!!The concierge could not do enough to help us to arrange 'stuff'.He even managed to 'pull a few strings' to find a romantic place to eat.We did the tourist thing, walking to many of the sites; taking a helicopter ride around Manhatten etc. The whole experience was superb!!I would definitely wish to take my current/next fiancee back to the same hotel - which was recommended to me by my friend who works at the Travel Agent, thank you.	
Sep 27 2008 	No worries at the Kitano	As the second stage of our honey moon we stayed in New York at the Kitano for 5 nights.It was great from the start, polite bell boy through to the front desk team who were always courteous and very helpful.We used this hotel more as a base to explore NY rather than using it's facilities so can't comment on the bar or restaurant as we didn't use these. The hotel was relaxed, very clean as you would expect from a Japanese styled hotel and extremely pleasant.The room (1009) was a superior king , the bathroom and room itself were large considering we had been advised to expect a small room as in most NY hotels. The view of the Empire state building out of our window was a pleasant surprise.A bowl of fruit as a gift for our honeymoon was a nice touch.In all a very nice hotel excellently located on Park Avenue and 38th East. Five minutes walk from Grand Central station and 42nd street. Time Square, Empire State and Macys but to mention a few names were not far either. We would definitely use this hotel again if we were to return.	
Aug 12 2008 	Ok	My husband was put up here on business and I came along. The hotel was nice enough, clean and quiet, but there were no extras included (like better toiletries, internet service, continental breakfast). We stayed at a different hotel the first two nights of our visit and for the same price would definitely recommend the other over this.	
Aug 3 2008 	Efficient service with a smile	I enjoyed my stay at the Kitano - for all the reasons the other reviewers have mentioned. Good service. Quiet, nicely-sized rooms. I love Japanese food - so it was wonderful having the option of room service sashimi. The hotel has no gym - but gives you vouchers to access a nearby gym (NYC Sportsclub). The gym is nothing special - and quite crowded at peak hours. Still, it was better than many hotel gyms. I only took away one star for: - a few relatively un-female friendly features. The hair dryers provided are not suitable for styling your hair - so most woman will need to carry their own. There is no make up mirror, and the bathroom mirror is not well-lit. So that's a bit of a drag. Also the toiletries were lacking (just your basic soap and low quality shampoo). So, again, a woman would need to bring every product needed; and, - absence of wifi service. It's a standard, and easy to offer, service now. Really no excuses are acceptable on this score.	
Aug 1 2008 	Fantastic	We stayed here early June 2008 for a long weekend and we absolutely loved the Kitano. It was my first time going to NYC, so we wanted to stay somewhere centrally located that wasn’t a dump or overpriced. After doing some research we came across the Kitano and got a pretty good rate after we contacted the hotel directly. The entire hotel looked great and our room was fantastic. We had a view of the Chrysler building (it looks spectacular at night) and a charming little church. I loved the huge flat screen tv, the big comfortable bed, and most importantly the soundproof windows. The restaurant is very expensive. We decided to eat breakfast there one morning and it came to $60, and we really didn’t get that much.The staff was very friendly and helpful. When we arrived the concierge told us that parking was $40 a day (I thought it was absurd, but whatever). I asked him if there was anyplace else that was close but cheaper. He said parking on the street was free on the weekends. He parked my car for me right outside the hotel and I ended up only paying for his tip. We walked to Times Square, Grand Central Station, the Chrysler building and the Empire State building. It was only a couple blocks from the subway, so going to Central Park and the statue of Liberty was surprisingly not that big of a deal.We lucked out by finding the Kitano and we’ll definitely stay here the next time we come to NYC.	
Jul 29 2008 	Fabulous!	My new #1 NYC choice! Could not be more pleased with a stay at the Kitano. Impeccable accommodations--huge room even by non-NYC standards, gracious staff, was more reasonably priced than other properties I'd consider substandard to this. Can't wait to return!	
Jul 3 2008 	Oasis	The Hotel Kitano was a wonderful oasis of calm in the middle of a bustling city. It was spotless and comfortable and although we didn't need anything, the staff seemed polite and responsive. Only one beef, that internet service was extra ($10/day), which seemed a bit short-sighted.	
Jun 30 2008	Very nice hotel relatively quiet area	We booked this hotel after reading the positive reviews about it on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. The hotel is located at Park Ave and 39th - a nice, relatively quiet part of the city. The room was immaculate, fairly spacious, and we looked right out onto Park Ave - great views! I loved the clean, fresh smelling toiletries and the fact that you could heat your bath towel! You are even provided with a green tea machine instead of a coffee machine in your room - it was all very relaxing. The only drawbacks were that there was not a hairdryer or ironing board in the room. However, I would absolutely stay here again and would recommend to others looking for a hotel in this area.	
Jun 4 2008 	My favorite hotel but...	Whenever I go to NY, I stay at the Kitano. Because I like the room and staffs are nice. But I have to tell that this newly hired lady at the guest services was very mean. The way she speaks was not appropriate. She was wearing the trainee badge but she doesnt greet, no smile at all. Even if she is new she should know at least how to smile. And she doesn't know much... But other guest service staffs are always very nice and helpful. Overall I recommend this hotel. I was surprised to find out that they still have smoking rooms. Once they gave me a smoking room althought I don't smoke. I enjoy Hakubai food too. and very nice location. But last time I visited there, I was dissapointed how I was treated...	
May 28 2008 	Just right!	Booked on Expedia which is always easy. This is a quiet haven of a hotel, on Park Ave just 4 blocks from Grand Central so can't fault the location. Rooms are fine, and this is a Japanese Hotel so just accept that you will just have a small kettle and green tea bags. Starbucks is 2 blocks away and there are plenty of other eateries close by. You are in NYC for heaven's sake so why stay in the hotel room!As for rude staff, in my experience it is only people that treat staff like second class citizens that have this problem. Treat them with respect and you get it back tenfold! They did exactly what you would expect them to do, fetch, carry and hail cabs for you! Just stay here, enjoy the peace of the place, take advantage of the central location. You will not be disappointed!Maria Sharapove stays there during US Open so if it's good enough for her!!!!!!Enjoy!	
May 12 2008	Very 'Zen'	I booked for my friend and myself at The Kitano largely based on other reviews on this web site.We were not dissapointed!This is a wonderful, calm retreat in the centre of town with lovely comfortable rooms-ours had a view over Park Avenue.the beds were the most comfortable I have ever had in a hotel-only one complaint-the fridge did not work which as a diabetic was fairly vital-they had filled the dud fridge with drinks which I did not quite understand!The food for breakfast was superb and room service as well-my only other complaint was the bar-the manager was very abrupt-and although we were staying in the hotel we were treated as very second class citizens to the people who were coming to listen to the jazz which they have there.I was also amazed that they had no diet drinks of any sort and when you were served VERY expensive drinks,no olives or nuts etc were offered-the staff were very busy talking to each other rather than serving and it was interesting to note that it was manned by mainly american staff rather than Japanese as in the rest of the hotel.,Other than these two gripes we greatly enjoyed our stay and will definitly stay there again in the future-I should also add that the housekeeping team were superb-fresh hand towels 2 or 3 times a day-wonderful turn-down service and very fast cleaning in the morning.The concierge desk was well run and very helpful with messages left as regard bookings etc-all in all a very good stay at a lovely comfortable hotel	
May 12 2008 	Wonderful Mother 	We spent a wonderful Mother's Day weekend in NYC thanks to the excellent service at the Kitano! My friend and I took our ten year old daughters for a weekend in the city and the staff at the Kitano helped make it special. The rooms were a decent size as was the bathroom. The concierge was extremely helpful, guiding us to a wonderful sushi restaurant ofsite and assisting us with obtaining our boarding passes on the day of our departure. Although we did not have a big meal in the hotel, we did have a small lunch in the Garden Cafe and the service was good. The location of the Kitano made the weekend relaxing although busy.	
Apr 22 2008	The Kitano: a great experience	We were in the Kitano the first week of April 2008 (for 7 days). We had choosen for a premier room. We also asked for a room with a good view. We got a corner-room on the 10th floor, with a very beautifull view on the Park Ave (and Grand Station) and also on 38th Street. The premier room was very large (with writing desk and sitting area) and a little bit more expensive in relation to the standard room. The service has a very high level and two times a days there is house-keeping. We also used the breakfast in the hotel with waiters for the drinks and a great and extensive buffet, also with hot dishes. Because the hotel is Japanees, you also can take a Japanese-breakfast. We found the breakfast rather expensive (incl. all about 36 dollars). Also the minibar was expensive.The hotel is not very large (about 150 rooms) and very personal and not too busy. The hotel will be the most silent in NY; the isolation is very good and when the windows are closed you nearly don't hear sounds from the street.The situation is very central but not too busy in the street. You can reach many destinations on foot.We will choose for the Kitano at another visit to NY.	
Apr 18 2008 	A peaceful haven from which to explore NYC	We stayed at the Kitano twice on a short trip to NYC (with a visit to New Jersey, DC and the Blue Ridge Mountains in between). Booked through Trailfinders, it was good value for a top class hotel in a central location. We booked an additional night after our trip outside NYC which was a lot more expensive. Service at reception was quiet and effective with one very nice, helpful doorman.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and found that the hotel was well located for exploring Manhattan on foot or via the subway. It's only two blocks from Grand Central Station and many of the sights of central New York are within easy reach. One of the best things about the hotel was the quiet rooms we had - I'm a light sleeper who lives out in the countryside and usually don't sleep too well in city hotels. There was no air conditioning noise (the weather was cold when we were there so we didn't need aircon but I usually find that it's on anyway in hotels like this). The double glazed windows effectively cut down the traffic noise to a barely perceptible level.The first 4 nights we were on the 8th floor, overlooking Park Avenue and we could see the top of the Chrysler Building from our room. The last night was on the 10th floor around the other side of the hotel with a fantastic view of the Empire State. We didn't eat in the hotel and enjoyed visiting the diner in Pershing Square for our breakfasts. Clean, quiet with very nice rooms. I'd definitely stay here again when visiting NYC. The only thing I'd suggest they upgrade is to get some HD channels on the TV!	
Apr 12 2008 	Great for business travelers	I go to NYC on business every other month. I just need a quiet, safe, clean place. I travel by myself so I need to stay in a safe neighborhood. The Kitano is probably the quietest hotel in NYC. In other hotels you often hear sirens, etc all night. Here it was silent. The hotel lobby itself is quiet. The people that work there are soft spoken. The service was excellent, especially for NYC... no attitude at all.The room was modern and extremely clean. Bed extra comfortable.The downside....Pricey. If you are going for fun, I'd stay somewhere like the W but if you need clean and quiet, try the Kitano	
Apr 1 2008 	Very nice hotel	We picked The Kitano based on the reviews we read here and are glad we did. It is indeed a very nice hotel and in a great location. We walked everywhere except Metropolitan Museum, which by the way it is a must see museum.The staff is very friendly. The concierge was very helpful. They recommended some great places to eat. Don’t miss Simply Pasta close to Time Square. Fantastic meal.The only complaint is the size of the beds (they were supposed to be queen beds, but were not even full). For $500 a night, we did expect a bigger bed. But I guess this is NY.Overall, a very nice hotel.	
Mar 24 2008 	Oasis of Calm in NYC	My wife and I stayed in a junior suite at the Kitano for three nights, and we can't recommend this hotel highly enough to travelers who value peace and quiet, and professional service. Our room, overlooking Park Avenue (with a view of the Chrysler Building) was very comfortable, with sound-proof windows that kept out the noise of the street below. The bathroom was luxurious, and the extremely comfortable bed led to a great night's sleep. We ate in the hotel restaurant, Hakubei, a traditional Japanese restaurant. The food and service were excellent. The hotel bar also features jazz shows, and we were fortunate to experience a really great one after dinner (make a reservation for both). The Kitano's location, just three blocks from Grand Central Terminal, is an excellent starting point for travelers wishing to explore the whole city. We will definitely be staying there again when we return to New York City.	
Feb 23 2008 	Great location great staff	I just returned from a second stay at the Kitano, and came back even more satisfied than before. My corporate office is just around the corner, and having stayed at The W Court on 39th Street, I figured I would give the Kitano a shot since it was bit closer.The Kitano is a very quiet hotel for its location. Rooms are nice ans spacious; mine had a flat screen TV on the wall as well. Service is very good. When I did not answer my wakeup call (phone problem), the staff were at my door ringing the bell within two minutes. When I was hungry for some good NY pizza, the staff brought me some menus immediately, and even escorted the deliveryman to my room.I really have nothing bad to say about the Kitano, and will continue to stay there when in NY. If you want to pay a bunch more for The W for the &quot;trendiness,&quot; it is OK. But the Kitano is every bit as nice, even nicer in my opinion. And without the arrogance.....Lastly, I love the global crowd that I find there. Lots of Japanese, but also many people from Europe. Being from Pittsburgh, I truly enjoy the taste of culture at the Kitano!	
Feb 22 2008 	great hotel..peace and quiet	This is my third stay...this is a great hotel in NYC...at 38th and Park, it is in a relatively quiet part of town...the reception desk is not jammed and the staff are very accomodating...lobby is soothing and comfortable. The rooms are a nice size with VERY comfortable beds and a nice large flat-screen TV..the bathroom is great with a large tub and towel warmer. I got upgraded to a superior room for the asking!! The rate of $290 is not cheap, but pretty good for a nice hotel in NYC....a sure bet to return..you will not be disappointed!!!!	
Jan 27 2008 	Peace and Tranquility at the Kitano. Loved it.	Kitano hotel New York, Murray Hill area.We have just returned from our second stay at the Kitano. It is a superb hotel, brilliantly managed. It is an oasis of calm to return to after a busy day sightseeing and shopping. The whole ethos of the hotel is of quiet understated elegance both in terms of presentation and service. Every request is met immediately with charm and professionalism. It seems that everyone working in the hotel takes a pride in providing best possible service. The hotel rooms are of a good size and ours had a view of the Empire State Building. All products are Shiseido. The beds are wonderfully comfortable, with soft linen sheets.The situation is really convenient near to all the major sights.We cannot understand why the Kitano is not number 1 on this site. We hope to make a third trip sometime soon.Thanks to all at the hotel for such a lovely holiday.	
Jan 12 2008 	Loved it!	We stayed here for a long weekend with friends. The Kitano was a great base for sight seeing in New York as it was our first visit to the city. The hotel staff were very helpful and provided maps, leaflets and discount vouchers for the department stores and the rooms and hotel facilities were excellent. The rooms were fairly spacious and sound proof (essential), as the New York city streets are very loud! The hotel is a few metres away from Grand Central Station, which makes it easy to find should your sense of direction fail you and outside Grand Central Station is a great diner which serves excellent breakfast, we found food in the hotel a little pricey. We ended the weekend on a high, when on leaving the hotel we walked directly onto the set of 'I am Legend', which was being filmed in the street outside. Would definately recommend The Kitano.	
Jan 7 2008 	Wonderful stay!	We just came back from a one week stay at the kitano in NYC. We had a wonderful time. This hotel is highly recommended. Great location and wonderful views to the Empire State. Every time we returned to the hotel, it just felt like home.I will surely come back to this hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Absolutely FAB !!	We have just returned from the Kitano from a 3 night stay. As previous people have said, the Hotel is lovely and in a great location. We had a room on the 10th floor overlooking the Empire State building ! We could not fault the hotel and would book again if we return to new york !!!	
Jan 1 2008 	Elegant simplicity	We booked a 3 night stay in the Kitano with no breakfast, while the rates were above average per night for a hotel in New York, we decided to treat ourselves. We were not disappointed. The location of the hotel is fantastic, just 4 blocks away from central station and 42nd street, 2 avenues away from 5th avenue and approximately a 15 minute walk (after some meandering in and out of shops) from central park. The room we had was a superior king size. We requested a non-smoking room and a non-smoking floor. The room was spotlessly clean, the sheets were turned down each night on return to the room, the bathroom products were replaced on a daily basis (shiseido products!) and the staff were really helpful. We had a view of the Empire State Building from our bedroom window which was spectacular at night. The bed was very comfortable, we had a plasma screen with plenty of choice for television stations. The hotel was quiet, we did not experience any noise from within or street noise. On a down side, room service was quite expensive as was the mini-bar, so we didn't use either service. All in all, a lovely stay in New York.	
Dec 16 2007 	Fab hotel!!	Fab location, room, staff, food &amp; views!! Can't say enough really!! Asked for room with a view on high floor and got view of the Empire State on the 12th floor!!! Fantastic!! Round the corner from everything. Staff so friendly &amp; helpful, had fab breakfast in room several mornings too. Would go there to stay again tomorrow!!	
Nov 30 2007 	Great Location and Great Rooms	After researching hotels in new york we decided to go with this one down to previous reviews and also looking at the website. First time visiting New York so we wanted to be near to many of the great places to see in the city.Location is great on Park Avenue at 38th street very near the empire state building and 4 blocks down from central station and 2 blocks from 5th Avenue. Hotel was very good after initial problem with room. When we arrived we were given a room on the 3rd floor which was set up for a disabled person. We decided it was not what we paid for and asked to be moved. We were given a room on the 11th floor which was very spacious for new york standards. Great view of the Empire State building from the room as well.The hotel bar has live jazz sets on from wed to sat and worth a visit.Would use the Kitano again when visiting New York	
Nov 19 2007 	Full of Eastern Promise	We had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel on Park Avenue. Excellent location four blocks from Grand Central Station and a good position. Very helpful staff who dealt with every request promptly. In a bustling city the hotel was welcome oasis of tranquility and calm.In addition the hotel is host to some great Jazz evenings for those who wish to attend.Would strongly recommend staying at this hotel if visiting Manhattan.	
Nov 19 2007 	A fabulous gem	I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there again on our next visit to NYC. The room was immaculately clean, the decor lovely and the bed exceptionally comfortable - with a fabulous feather duvet. Another draw was how quiet the room was. We could hear nothing from the hallway or outside. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful--the concierge let me borrow their NYC Zagat guide to lookfor a restaurant. In all, a top notch hotel-- very classy. I booked a month and a half in advance and got a terrific rate--$290.00 a night.	
Nov 18 2007 	perfection	Stayed for 3 nights over marathon weekend for husband's 50th birthday. Had emailed hotel re b'day asking for room with a nice view having seen good and bad photos on tripadvisor. Arrived at midnight to friendly welcome and assurance that they had received email and fulfilled request. They had also allowed my sister to leave champagne and flowers in the room and the hotel had left a card and chocolates for b'day boy. The room was lovely as was the bathroom - both adequate in size and spotlessly clean with every amenity we required - and with a view of Empire State Bdg. The room was serviced twice a day.The staff were great and the bell boys went beyond the call of duty to arrange transport to far flung suburbs. The location was handy for lots of places and on marathon weekend it was a blessing to be away from Times Square and cheaper too. We really looked forward to returning to the serenity and comfort of the hotel every day.I cannot fault the hotel and though we didn't eat there the restaurant and bar looked nice. I would recommend the hotel to anyone who values good service, cleanliness, comfort and a good nights sleep (yes, the windows are amazing!)The hotel has written to thank us for our comments to the staff regarding our stay.I agree the hotel should have a better rating on tripadvisor. Maybe the Japanese businessmen don't leave feedback?	
Nov 1 2007 	Loved th Kitano	Arrived at the Kitano on 25th October. Welcomed by very friendly doorman. Allocated a double double room on the 7th floor which overlooked 38th street s was very quiet..This has got to have been the largest hotel room I have ever seen. Besides having 2 double beds, it had a 3 seater sofa and an armchair, a large desk, side table, and large marble table in front of the settee and chair. Everything was beautiful, spotlessly clean, gorgeous throws on the beds, blinds at the windows, and no fewer than 4 lamps dotted around the huge room. A large plasma tv was on the wall with modem already set up and ready to use.The bathroom was also spotless, the deep bath had the option of a hand held shower attachmnt or a very good power shower. Lots of complementary toiletries, shower caps, sewing kits, tissues, towels (8 of them!) and Japanese green tea.We had room service breakfast twice. Yes, it wasn't cheap but you paid for a quality breakfast brought up on a table and included enough coffee for 5 cups, freshly baked bread and pastries. The service we received fom all the staff we encountered was exceptional although one one occasion there was a bit of a language problem as the majority of front desk staff were Japanese who were probably not used to English spoken by a Welsh person. If we needed something they were always ready to help, if we didn't they were happy to leave us alone to do our own thing.I must admit we were slightly dubious before we arrived due to the mixed revews but I can honestly say this was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at both in terms of comfort and service, and seing as though we stayed at the Benjamin on our last visit I didn't think we'd do better but we have.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location	Great location, nice rooms, friendly service. The Japanese food was superb!	
Aug 24 2007 	excellent location	my husband and I stayed at the kitano in July for 2 nights on our way from England to California. It was a great idea to break up the flights by staying a few nights on route and get to see another part of america. The hotel has a japanese theme, was very clean with extremely comfortable beds. The location was ideal 1 block down from Maddison Ave and 2blocks from 5th Avenue and the empire states building. You could also get on one of the hop on hop off buses by the empire states buildings which made seeing the city easy. The reception staff were very helpful - we had booked a non-smoking room which they had ready - but we had not managed yet to give up! So asked if we could change this to smoking. They could not get one for an hour and were extremely apologetic! They also made excellent recommendations for restaurants to eat at. As with all american City hotels - try and request a room on a higher floor as you get the best views.A great experience!	
Jul 7 2007 	Work but was lovely....	Was put at Kitano for a work trip 3 day and loved it. It was spacious and modern. The bathrrom was huge and had all the extras. The pillows &amp; bed were so soft and confortable I never selt so well. Had to ask for an iron, but they didn't take it back. The staff was nice, and the doorman helped with alot for $$. My view was beautiful(see pics). If I could afford it I would go back but only if the company pays!!!	
Jun 29 2007 	Relaxing hotel in the middle of Manhattan	I had a very nice 5 night stay at the Kitano. I was graciously upgraded to a very spacious room and received a lovely fruit basket. I liked the serene atmosphere to the hotel. After a busy day of work, it was nice to come back and experience such peace. I thought the staff was friendly. Some certainly more than others. I did not experience the restaurants. The location was actually nice. Great restaurants and bars near. I appreciated the free access to the fitness center. Beware however, the gym closes at 8 PM? On a sunday night? In New York?	
Apr 23 2007	Great location great room door man and bell man have attitude problems	Pros: Great location, extremely comfortable beds, no city noise couldbe heard, and very clean room/bathroom. Asked for a higher floor with a view of the Empire State Building and got it. Rate I got, $290, was great considering other comparable hotels in midtown.Con: I had a perfect stay EXCEPT for the attitude of the door man and bell man. I like to take my own luggage up to the room, and considering that I have only one bag, it's not as if I am physically unable to. The door man had a terrible attitude toward me when I told him that I would like to take my own bag up, and then seemed to discuss this with the bell man (I saw them looking at me and talking quietly). Then, because I couldn't check in right away, I took my bagto the bell man and said &quot;I won't be able to get my room until this afternoon….&quot; but before I could say &quot;so could you please store my bag&quot; (which seemed like an obvious request given the situation) he quickly and tersely replied &quot;well, what would you like me to do?&quot; When I came back later to get my bag, he made me enter the luggage holding room myself, crawling over other luggage, knocking some over to maneuver my way out of the small, packed room. Then upon leaving and returning to the hotel multiple times over the two nights I was there, I never got a “welcome back” or even a “hello” or “can I help with directions?” In contrast, the bell staff at the Hilton in lower Manhattan were so friendly and didn’t hesitate to help me with directions---and I wasn’t even staying there. Maybe the front door staff at the Kitano don’t get much practice being polite with the predominantly Japanese patrons?	
Mar 17 2007	nice but not the best	got a newly refurbished room (so we were told) clean and fresh , view of a wall but if you straned sideways you could see the empire state.staff were very greedy for tips, nothing for nothing at this hotel. Snotty doorman(MAYBE PARK AVENUE BUT STILL THEY ARE THERE FOR THE GUESTS -SO YOU WOULD THINK) Guest service manager is very good.Water is $5 per small bottle.	
Jan 26 2007 	Nice and comfortable	Nice hotel, good location, good service, spacious room.Nothing great, but definitely above New York average and good value for money	
Jan 23 2007	A Serene Hotel	The title of this review was inspired by Bettina a New York TA 'expert' on New York City, the title sums up the hotel.We booked through Expedia with a good deal for 4 nights over New Years Eve.The outside of the hotel is well kept, mostly there is a doorman present but not always, as you enter the check in desks are to the right and the lifts to the left, in front of you are a few seats for lounging, there is a mezzanine level 1 floor up with a bar and the lobby toilets are up there also.Check in was quick, the 2 Japanese ladies were very pleasant, the American guy seemed to have just come from a funeral.We requested a high floor and got one, with a fabulous view of the Empire State Building, be sure to ask for a view as not all have them.The room was I would say small to average for New York, the bathroom was a good size.We had a twin room, 2 single beds, but they seemed wider than normal single beds! lovely quilts and pillows, the maid came for the turn down service moments after we arrived and we requested another pillow which arrived within 1 min, pretty good going. The room had big window sills, which you could fully sit on and watch out of the window and heavy curtains to block out the light at night.The room had an adequate wardrobe, with big heavy, good quality doors, 5 draws built in and a safe. The TV was hidden behind a doored (not sure what you call it) cabinet.In the bathroom the sink area could have been bigger, but there was plenty of towels, soap and shower items by Shiseido, which were very good quality. The was also a heated towel rail. In the room were green tea bags, no coffee, but you could bring your own as the water boiling machine, just boiled water, not like a filter coffee maker you get in most rooms.Overall the hotel was very quiet even though it was full for New Years. It is in a good location 4 blocks down from Grand Central and 5 blocks up from 33St stop on the 6 line. We didn't eat at the hotel but there is a great place for breakfast on Park Avenue and 34th St called Austins, try it, it was great.	
Jan 17 2007 	Adequate but nothing special....	Just returned from a 5 day stay in the Kitano, New York. The hotel has a great location just down from Grand Central Station with easy subway acces all over the capital. However, it lacked personality and felt more tuned to business travellers rather than tourists, with adequate rooms although nothing special with old equipment (T.V etc) and no view from the window apart from a brick wall and just being able to see the top spire of the Empire State building! The buffet breakfast was $33/person - expensive for a bowl of cereal and 2 pieces of toast, unless you're charging your business credit card! The best thing about the place was that it was quiet and relaxed, but if we were making another trip to the city we would look for somewhere else first...	
Dec 20 2006 	Perfect NY Hotel	This hotel is a perfect alternative to anywhere in Times Square, Central Park South, or Rockefeller Center. The staff is very professional and because of the hotel's small size, they are able to treat you as an individual guest, not just a number. The lobby is tranquil and serene, unlike most NY hotels. The rooms are perfect, the bed is amazing, the bathrooms are large, plush, and well stocked. The crowd at the hotel consists mainly of japanese business men and women, a very upscale feel. The location of the hotel is good, but the views from the rooms aren't much. The proximity to Grand Central is a bonus as anything is accessible from there. There is no hustle and bustle/cheap tourist feel to be found at this hotel. The hotel has everything one needs without being overwhelming and confusing. If you are looking for a luxurious, sophisticated, and smart stay while in NY, choose this hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 18 2006 	Kitano shows Japanese charm	Thoroughly enjoyed a holiday visit to Kitano. Hotel has Japanese staff and most other guests appeared Japanese (we are not). Lobby is classy and very quiet. This is a distinct contrast once you step out the door into Manhattan. Rooms were about average for NYC-bathrooms well decked out and marble showers with great water pressure. Neighborhood is lovely. This hotel has serenity not present in the hotels in Times Square. Watch out for minibar pricing!! Better for a business trip or a quiet couple trip than a neon blowout, but really a very comfortable experience. Sarge's deli at 37th and 3rd is good alternative to Stage and Carnegie. Enjoy!	
Nov 28 2006 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Kitano from 22/11/2006 to 26/11/2006 in a Superior Twin booked through Expedia when they had a really good offer on.The staff we dealt with were helpful and polite.Didn't eat in either restaurant so can't comment on them.Heard the jazz on the Wednesday night at the bar when we returned to the hotel (which sounded great) but we were so tired went straight to our room. Wished we'd dragged ourselves back down to sit in and have a drink.Room was always clean and we had a great view from the 11th floor. We had our beds turned down in the evenings and the New York Times outside our door on the two weekdays we were there.We thought it was a great hotel without the stuffiness sometimes attached to four and five star hotels.Felt it was a nice relaxed atmosphere and a broad mix of guests seemed to be staying there same time as us.	
Nov 21 2006 	Not as good as we expected	I travel extensively on business spending a lot of time in Japan, so my comments are not from an inexperienced city traveller. My wife &amp; I booked a New York break for a big birthday and chose the Kitano from one of their promotional ads in a brochure. While the Hotel is clean and quiet, the service is just OK and the rooms are very small - we had booked a &quot;superior king sized room&quot; only to find that this means standard small room really (good marketing or misrepresentation) The view from the fourth floor in a $480 a night room is appalling - look at the photos. I complained explaining that we were on a special holiday and had hoped for views of New York out of the window but was advised (of course) the place was full and there was no other rooms available. Strangely, the public rooms, foyer, breakfast and restaurants were never busy during our stay. It's the last time the Kitano will be seeing me!!	
Nov 9 2006 	Fantastic!	Great hotel! Excellent location on Park Ave close to Broadway and the usual attractions. Grand Central station and it's gourmet shops was an excellent source of snacks and breakfast. Small lobby but reasonably large room which was very clean and attractive. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large and nicely kept up. Nice helpful staff; only a doorman without other wait staff but really not an issue since it's easy to get from the lobby to the room. Definitely would stay there. I've recommended this hotel to anyone going to New York. I paid around $250 which was an outstanding bargain; even at the regular price of $400 would be a bargain for New York.	
Oct 4 2006	Wow!	Spent a week in New York - what a great place!Kitano hotel is well situated, not far from Grand Central. Really clean and comfortable. Staff mostly of Japanese origin and friendly in a quiet kind of way. The barman is a bit odd and is obviously more interested in the regulars than those passing through. Good selection of malts though (but watch the price!)Breakfast was overrated - we went elsewhere most days. The Murray Diner is pretty good. The restaurant serves great food with very attentive service. Our room was at the back of the hotel but we got a good view of the Empire State building. The americans seem to complain about room sizes but it was UK size and had a good bathroom. All in all a very quiet relaxing stay.	
Sep 12 2006 	Regular guest great for business in NYC	Am a &quot;regular&quot; at the Kitano as our home office is near-by. The rates are on par with other NYC hotels, and rooms are variable in size (from barely able to turn around, to a regular king-room you'd expect in middle-America). Front desk crew is always attentive and well mannered. The bar is ok, but the nightly jazz (if you are not a fan) can get grating. Rooms are impeccably clean, bathroom is nice, beds are decent, work space is tight, but on par for NYC rooms. Location is fantastic!! Given a choice, go to the Kitano over the Jolly Hotel at Madison Tower!	
Aug 31 2006 	An Oasis of Calm	We were fortunate enough to fly to NY from Scotland via Heathrow on the day after the chaos of Thursday 10 August. This was our third trip to NY in the past two years for my wife and I, and the Kitano was the best yet. From check in to check out six days later, we were well impressed by all aspects of the hotel, especially the ambiance of calm relaxation after a hard day shopping and sightseeing!The hotel is located in a quiet area of Park Ave and 5th Ave and all the midtown sites and shops are easily within a short walk. Also, there are several restaurants and bars (especially Irish) close by.The staff in the hotel were exceptional - friendly, helpful, and always willing to share a smile.All in all, a most enjoyable experience and one I woul have no hesitation in recommending and booking again.NB - these are by far the largest hotel bedrooms we have enjoyed in NY, more like good sized European hotel bedrooms.	
Jun 15 2006	Kitano gets my thumbs up	My wife and I were in New York the weekend of 6/9 and had the pleasure of staying at the Kitano New York Hotel the night of 6/9. I did my research as usual on Tripadvisor.com and liked what I read about the place. We had sites and restaurants we wanted to visit and they were all over Manhattan and Brooklyn Heights so no one hotel in any one location would have been ideal for us. However, the Kitano was very convenient in regards to its location to Grand Central Station and Penn Station. Additionally cabs were easy to get. The area is clean and safe as can be found in NY.The hotel does have services and ammenities for the Japanes business person or toursit such as a Japanese TV channel and a Japanese newspaper delivered to your room if you'd like. As my wife is Japanese this was great for her. There were Japanese speaking staff though not all were and we observed many Japanese guests. Anyone would feel welcome and comfortable here, not just someone from Japan.The hotel has a very relaxing aura to it upon entering. All of the staff were most pleasant and helpful. Our room was on the 10th floor. Bags were brought up to the room immediately and when we placed a call for some extra towels they were there within minutes, delivered by a smiling person. The hotel and the rooms are extremely clean. The room, ours had a king size bed, was spacious enough and had a very nice bathroom with high quality bath products by Shiseido. There was a charge for wired high speed internet access, $10 for 24 hours I seem to recall. The room was very quiet with the windows closed but you could open the windows, they tilted open from the top, if you wished. The bed was comfortable.We didn't eat at the main restaurant on the first floor or the Japanese restaurant on the lower lever though we did go inside both and they looked like good places if you didn't want to wander far. The bar was lively when we returned from dinner Friday night. Jazz is their thing there on certain nights, Friday being one of them. I think the cover charge was $17 and it was close to the end of the performance so we opted not to go in. We went back to the room for a quiet drink from the mini bar and capped off a perfect day in the city.We will stay at the Kitano New York on our next visit as we feel we have found a home away from home here.	
Apr 9 2006 	No frills but no complaints either	It's hard to find anything to complain about at the Kitano but very little to get excited about either. It's location is great, its rates reasonable and the rooms are a decent size, but the Kitano offers neither the charm and unique touches of a boutique nor the facilities of a larger 'brand name' hotel. My room was particularly bland and uninspiring, although the Park Avenue view was appreciated (and much less noisy than expected!)The Japanese restaurant in the basement has a very authentic feel and reasonably priced food for the business traveler (provided you stay away from the chefs recommendations!) but otherwise, I'll vouch for the hit/miss risk (and cool chic) of the next-door 70 Park Avenue Hotel next time.	
Feb 20 2006	Kitano Hits The Right Notes	I stayed at The Kitano for just over a week in April 2005. It's taken me a while to get round to writing this review, but I hope it will still be useful. I wanted a four-star hotel in a good location at a reasonable price, around $300 a night. The Kitano and The Benjamin seemed to be offering similar levels of service for the same money, and Trip Advisor reviews of both hotels were good. I chose The Kitano for several reasons. First, I liked the idea of soundproofed windows; second, I love Japanese food and wanted to try the in-house restaurant; third, live jazz sessions in the hotel bar appealed to me.The Kitano hit the right note on all three counts. I was in a King Deluxe room on the fifth floor, which I thought would be too close to New York traffic. However, as I closed the window, the street noise literally disappeared. There were roadworks below my window during my stay, but I didn't hear a thing. I even managed a couple of afternoon siestas. The Japanese restaurant was excellent, complete with traditional decor and waitresses in kimonos, much better than the other in-house restaurant. The jazz sessions run from Wednesday to Saturday in the lounge bar. Early in the week is given over to new talent, with the Friday and Saturday set more likely to be established performers. The musicians were very good, such a shame that there was a relatively small audience. The barman was chatty and full of local knowledge.The room was quite large and the bathroom was excellent. The only downside was that the decor was a little bland, as noted in other reviews, and there was no CD player. I raised these points on my guest questionnaire and the manager wrote to me, saying the hotel would be renovated during the first quarter of 2006 and that all rooms and suites would have a CD player. Room service food was very good. Breakfast was OK, but could have been better. Reception staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel will cash travellers' cheques, which saves a trip to a bank.I looked at rooms in The Benjamin and in 70 Park Avenue, the hotel just next door to The Kitano. Neither compared well in terms of size, soundproofing or bathroom.If you're looking for a good hotel which places an emphasis on traditional service standards, yet doesn't cost a fortune, look no further than The Kitano. Highly recommended.	
Feb 16 2006	Good Hotel nice and quiet	We've just returned from a four night stay at the Kitano and were very pleased with this hotel (after a previous stay in a dreadful hotel).We stayed in a standard room on the ninth floor overlooking Park Avenue. The room iteslf was a good size and the bathroom HUGE in comparison to the room. A really nice touch was the nightly turndown service. One point to note is how quiet the rooms are here, the windows open, but when closed you can hear hardly any of the street noise outside- no mean feat in Manhattan.Position is good, 5 mins up Park Avenue to Grand Central and 5 mins down to 34th Street (shopping).Broadband Internet is provided in rooms (both wired and wireless) for £9.95 per 24/hr period. Not really expensive, but many hotels now provide this for free (so come on Kitano!)Finally- if you go to Macy's don't forget to collect your 11% discount card from the Visitor's centre.	
Jan 23 2006 	Room nice people lovely	It's not a luxury hotel, but better than average and the staff is exceptional. The room and bathroom were a bit larger than the average NYC hotel room, the bed perfect. I really liked having windows I could open. The Japanese restarant is good.The staff was just wonderful, accomodating my insane work schedule by making sure I had an early breakfast and a late dinner available, as well as taking care of my mail, my bags and even finding me an umbrella to cope with a sudden rain. I wish there was a stereo in the room, even a little boom box, because the clock radio never worked.It's close to Grand Central, but on a quiet street and with a little stroll around you can find local restarants and bars.	
Jan 16 2006	Good value...	Invariably searching on the internet will eventually throw up a reasonable deal on a good quality hotel in NYC - this time round we were able to stay for three nights between Christmas and New Year for 150 gbp a night in a deluxe room at the Kitano. Our choice was geared toward cost and balanced with the reviews on this site - the deal was actually between 50 and 100 gbp a night cheaper than other 5 star hotels.Truth is we would not rank the Kitano as a 5 star. Having paid for a deluxe room I would be wary of what a standard room would be like - our room was fine (and no more than that), clean, comfortable and with enough space to be able to walk around it without touching the bed! NYC is prone to small hotel rooms I know...Hotel was quiet and certainly even though close to Grand Central felt like it was a calm, tranquil place to escape too away from the considerable throng and hubbub of the area around Rockefeller Centre.Didn't use the amenities much nor ate in the restaurants (expensive compared to others close by - nice Italian across the way). Favorite things we did this time round - ate at the Rainbow Room, must be the best location and view and not extortionate at all in pricing (about 40 gbp each for a starter, main and decent bottle of wine)...staff were excellent.Union Square Cafe - continues to get rave reviews, perfect for lunch and again very reasonably pricedGreenwich Village - in complete contrast, taking a pizza at John's was great fun and much less costly!At Christmas time, the Radio City Music Hall Spectacular was wonderful, very Christmassy but not tacky Would we stay at the Kitano again? Yes, if the price were the same. Nice boutique feel hotel with a reasonably good location for going uptown/the Park or downtown.	
Jan 13 2006 	Good value for money	Reasonably priced New York hotel, especially considering its location. Standard rooms not very large, but quiet. Friendly staff, very clean, expensive breakfast (30 $). Recommended.	
Jan 11 2006	Near perfect hotel	Stayed here over New Years weekend, booked early (Sept), so got very good price, wasn`t disappointed with any aspect of the hotel. Check-in was fast and flawless, great big Dog statue in foyer. Rooms were very spacious by NY standards and spotlessly clean, largest bathroom i`ve ever seen in NY hotel. Whatever sound-proofing system they have is remarkable, can hear absolutely nothing from ouside room and windows open as well.Live Jazz from Wed to Sat (small cover some nights), food and bar prices quite reasonable.Staff were very good, very attentive but not overly so.Location was superb, on Park Avenue, walking distance to almost everywhere.This is a 4 star hotel that could easily pass as 5 star, would have no hesitation in recommending to anyone. We stayed here for three 3 nights and moved on to Hilton, on 53rd, for 4 nights. Should have done it other way around, the Hilton was great, this was fabulous.	
Dec 20 2005	Great Hotel	I found this hotel on Orbitz and it was priced relatively reasonable for New York City. After looking on Trip Advisor, I decided on staying there. I was very pleased with the size of the room. Big for New York. The bathroom was beautiful and clean. The location was perfect. Easy walk to the Empire State Building and shopping. I would definitely stay at the Kitano again.	
Dec 5 2005	If you're sensitive to cigarette smoke beware.	Although the hotel is attractive and in a nice neighborhood, I have been disappointed on several occasions because cigarette smoke seems to permeate the entire hotel. Smoke-free rooms are hardly adequate as smoke finds its way into the rooms. And, the quality of room service is disappointing unless you order from the Japanese menu. Finally, the rooms are a bit worn and the time for updating has past.Too bad -- it could be so much better.	
Sep 29 2005	Very Nice Four Star Hotel	Stayed here for four nights in September, 2005. Very nice, clean rooms, friendly staff, good sushi. Green tea maker is actually a machine that boils water and dispenses it which is nice because you can make any kind of tea you like.Walk down to 3rd avenue for nice and reasonable restaurants. Room service breakfast was decent and reasonalby priced for a hotel. Prices were the same as the hotel restaurant with no delivery add on other than the tip which is nice.Carpet in the room was stained in one or 2 small places and there was a stain on the bed skirt as well as a dirty rug in the lobby but otherwise the lobby was very nice. I find that to be the difference often between 4 and 5 star hotels....the 4 stars are alittle stained if you look carefully.Room was small but not tiny for NYC.....320 sq feet. I had the Deluxe King and it was very very quiet. Windows they have really are teriffic. you can open them and they also keep the room very quiet. The Deluxe King is the largest King bedded room they have which is odd to me. The suites have double beds. I wish there were a larger room with a king size bed. I travelled alone and believe the room would be tight for 2 although it was fine for 1. The chairs in the room and not traditional arm chairs and are not very comfortable.All in all I will stay here again. Prices are very competitve. Book on their web site. In fact I have made a reservation for December. In my book politeness goes a long long way and they are certainly that. Plus the tea maker is a great touch as well as how clean the rooms were. I believe those minor stains were probably something they did try to get out.	
Sep 5 2005	Kitano never disappoints	Stayed at this hotel again this year after such a great stay in September 2004. They remembered me and gave me an upgrade to a junior suite. This was a very pleasant surprise. The hotel was even better than last year, upgrade notwithstanding. Complimentary double passes to the NYSC on any day I wanted them was a huge advantage and great value. As I said in my review here last year, the hotel is like a mini Sheraton. The location is ideal, being within reasonable walking distance of theatres, and two blocks from Grand Central and access to the most useful subway line in Manhattan. The hotel is quiet. Service is excellent. Food wonderful - those buffet breakfasts (which include Eggs Benedict and real Capuccino Coffee) are great value. The sushi is the best I have ever tasted anywhere. The hotel is a member of the Summit Group, a network of specialist hotels worldwide that are individually owned. I will be utilising the network for future stays in other countries given the quality and value that the Kitano exemplifies.	
Sep 4 2005	Nice	Stayed for 2 days in August.Got here very late and the staff were quite friendly but not over the top. The room was very clean but seemed dark as there was only the one window. The location was excellent and I don't think it can be beaten.It does, however, seem to lack atmosphere and cater for the Japanese market. Be aware that a double room here meant a twin room. As it was late we didn't query it as most US hotels have big double beds but these are definitely single! Just make sure you make it clear what you want.	
Aug 29 2005	peace and quite at the Kitano	My wife and I are have just returned from a trip to the states where we spent 5 nights at the Kitano in New York. We've stayed here twice before, the last time in 2000, and I was a bit worried that the place may have become a bit run down, but on arrival, my fears were proved unfounded. Still a great hotel, rooms are small, but typical of New York, but staff are great, service impecable. The best thing about this hotel is that it's an oasis of calm and serenity after spending a day on the streets of NY. The rooms are so quite and cool. I've recommended this hotel a number of times to friends visiting NY, and none of them have been disappointed. The location of the hotel is also idea, In mid town about 2 blocks from grand central, its in a great position for walking around NY, and at night its pretty quite, and come on...its Park Avenue...one of the best addresses in Manhatten!! Also if you stay there try the Silverleaf Tavern for a Cosmo, its across the road on 38th Street, and Asia de Cuba for a meal on Madison Avenue, at 39th!	
Aug 9 2005	Superior Service At The Kitano	Stayed at the Kitano for four nights just before Christmas 2004, and was delighted by the superb levels of service, cleanliness and quality throughout this impressive hotel. All hotel workers, from the doormen, waiters, concierge and front-desk staff were wonderful - exceptionally polite and helpful, ensuring a swift, problem-free check-in and thoroughly enjoyable stay. The rooms are small, but well-furnished and spotlessly clean, with impressive marble bathrooms. The hotel is situated fairly centrally in exclusive Park Avenue and as a result, for NYC it is reasonably quiet. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Kitano and hope to return in the future.	
Jul 14 2005	Mmmmmmmmmmmm MMMMM!	I book this hotel for clients (I'm a travel agent), so I jumped at the chance to stay there for four nights. Didn't really know what to expect, but the hotel surpassed not only my expectations - but also anyother hotels (inc. 5stars) that I have ever stayed at. The Staff were friendly and always greeted you on sight. The lobby was not only welcoming but also refreshingly air-conditioned. The room was fantastically huge. I had a Premier Corner King, with a fantastic view up Park Ave towards Grand Central. The TV was a widescreen LCD, the bathroom was marble and spacious. Even had a doorbell.Location-wise, it was a 15 minute walk from Times Sq, 5 mins from 5th Ave, and 10 from the Empire State Building. Perfect!!!!After a long day of trekking through NYC, this was the perfect place to unwind and relax!	
Jun 30 2005	Super Hotel	We spent 3 nights at the Kitano 25 June - 28 June 2005. We were welcomed by lovely staff (unlike frosty welcomes we’ve had elsewhere) in a fabulous lobby and we were very pleased to find our room ready when we arrived early and it was just as requested – a quiet n/s room to the rear of the building and we could just see the ESB from one window. The staff all say hello when they see you and are friendly and only too happy to help. The room was quite large for NY and the beds were comfortable and everything was spotlessly clean. The tea maker was most welcome as we could boil water that did not taste of coffee as with coffee machines. We had a large spotlessly clean bathroom with all amenities and there were complimentary slippers. The wardrobe contained robes and an umbrella for use during your stay. The beds were turned down nightly. The décor was pleasant and the air-con was useful as NY was very hot and humid during our stay. Prior to our trip we emailed the hotel a couple of times and we received replies within 2 hours – that alone gave us confidence that we were going to a good hotel. The hotel is not in the midst of the main hubbub, as Murray Hill is mainly residential, but it was only 4 blocks to 42nd St and Grand Central Terminal and most places we wanted to see were accessible by bus etc… the M1 passes the hotel. We walked back most evenings and did not feel it was an unsafe area, albeit it was quieter than where we’ve stayed before. For breakfast we found Blooms the best – that is on the corner of Lexington and 40th – a very friendly and reasonably priced diner. Recommended evening things to do – Fiddler on The Roof show on Broadway, a ballet at the Metropolitan Opera House @ Lincoln Centre (looks fab lit up at night!) and a twilight harbour boat trip. We would use this hotel again (especially if it were cheaper!) and can’t understand why it is not ranked higher on Tripadvisor – like top 20!	
May 12 2005 	expensive but good	This is a very good hotel if you're around for business, shopping or tourism. It is a very japanese hotel, even though a bit impersonal. The location is perfect for the heart of Manhattan, the staff is very helpful, and food is very good (i was working in my room and ate those delicious salads!!). Still, it is expensive: 320$ per night but the room was a superior-deluxe and it was very spacious, full of light and extremely clean. The only critic i can make is that i asked for a quiet room and they put me straight on top of works going on in the street, but the concierge went to complain and made them stop. That was quite a fuss in the middle of the night but in New York you can't expect the quietness of a mountain chalet...	
Apr 27 2005	Would Recommend the Kitano	I stayed for 4 nights in March, 2004 and shared a twin room. The room was plenty big enough for two and we had a large luxury bathroom (had some difficulty working the shower but soon rectified that). Room was quiet, bed was comfortable. All linen and towels spotless. We had breakfast each morning in the restaurant which was also very good. It was a peaceful place to eat, talk about the day ahead etc. The front desk staff were helpful, we changed our UK £ to US $ on a number of occasions, all straightforward and no queues. The bar man was always welcoming, chatty and would give us ideas on where to eat and places to see etc. All in all, a lovely hotel, would stay at the Kitano again.	
Apr 27 2005	Pleasant but slightly bland	Stayed here on a weekend in April on a very reasonable discount rate. The location is OK--good neighborhood and convenient for 5th Avenue shopping; less convenient for Broadway theatres.The lobby is compact but comfortable; had to wait for bell staff to appear both when leaving and picking up luggage. The rooms are smallish (welcome to NYC) but comfortable, though distressingly beige. The bathroom was well-designed, with some drawer space, good water pressure and a towel-warmer. The windows actually open, but as there was jackhammering on the street below, it didn't do me any good. When closed, though, the windows entirely shut out the sound.There are no ice machines--room service will deliver ice for free. Breakfast was fine, presented with fresh tulips and right on time. Bar staff very friendly. I still prefer the Sofitel, but when it's full or too expensive, this is a good backup.	
Apr 21 2005	A veritable oasis of serene tranquillity......	....in the city that never sleeps - and especially so after sightseeing and tramping around shops and museums all day !This delightful little gem is staffed mainly by Japanese and is obviously geared towards Japanese tourists/business men. Our spotlessly clean room was very quiet even though it was only four floors above the main road. It was both spacious and comfortable with a double bed - the biggest we've ever slept in - large enough to easily accommodate two fully grown sumo wrestlers ! The large marble bathroom was well stocked with toiletries, towels and bathrobes and didn't suffer from any plumbing noises. All the hotel staff were smartly groomed, polite, helpful and very efficient - a refreshing change from our three previous New York experiences. Although only a 10 minute stroll to 5th Ave/Grand Central Station/Empire State Building, the Kitano is situated in a quiet, safe and fairly select residential area. The oriental menus and the green tea bags left in our room didn't do too much for my wife and I but there were plenty of alternative places to eat nearby. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return. Although the room rates are slightly higher than the average NYC hotel, the Kitano is excellent value for money.We decided to stay in this hotel solely based on TripAdvisor comments, we're so pleased we did and now hope our assessment may also encourage others to follow. Tips : Bring along your own favourite type of tea bags but leave your umbrella at home - you'll find one hanging in the wardrobe.	
Apr 4 2005	no doubts about the Kitano	Stayed at the Kitano from 03/27 till 04/03.A small but bright jewel on the crown of NYC hotels.Excellent location, only a few blocks from Grand Central Station, and far away from big tourist crowds and places, but yet central in Manhattan.Original lobby with the Botero sculpture. Excellent staff en guest services. Succeeded in making practically all our diner reservations in the requested restaurants on a very short notice.(Wolfgang's steakhouse, Nobu, River Cafe, etc.).Good japanese restaurant on site. Were not impressed by the american restaurant on site though. Internet rates too expensive (8$/15 minutes).We got a very nice junior suite on the 15th floor with a view on the Chrysler Building (children stayed on the same floor in a superior twin room, that was a bit small,with a view on the ESB ). There was a problem however with the heating system of the hotel (rooms on a higher level were too warm; airco not working; couldn't be fixed than after several days).Reasonable rates for a quality hotel. TV in the room to small though, with bad picture quality. Perfect housekeeping.Great barkeeper Michael.Would certainly go back when in NYC again.	
Mar 27 2005	wonderful experience	My now-husband and I blocked a bunch of rooms at this hotel for our wedding last August. We also booked the largest suite in the hotel where we planned to have our after-reception party. We originally thought we would have this party in one of the gorgeous, huge balcony suites at the Marriott Eastside, but we were told no parties. The Kitano had no problem with parties, so we went with them.The staff at the Kitano was incredibly nice, helpful, and accommodating. The suite was very large (almost 1000 square feet, I think) and was perfectly soundproof. It was tastefully decorated--minimalistic and serene, though not incredibly striking or unique except for the general Asian theme. Our suite had a huge, gorgeous bathroom that you entered through the bedroom and a smaller bathroom for guests off of the living room area. We appreciated having the second bathroom--my husband and I stayed overnight in the suite, and I didn't really want drunk guests in the bathroom we would use. We kept the bedroom door closed, and the party just took place in the living room area.The bar area was fine--nothing special. We brought our own drinks of course.The only problem we had was that the air conditioning seemed to only go up so high. With 40 people in one room in the middle of August drinking it up, it got a little warm. The staff tried to get the air conditioning unit to put out more cool air, but to no avail. Small inconvenience, though it was not a big problem--it was the kind of medium-cool/warm you could easily get used to. After everyone left, the room temperature was just fine, even a little chilly.I loved the Kitano. It's a beautiful hotel. The staff is superb, and the rooms exude calm, cool, and luxury. What a deal for $210/$240 per room (the small ones)! I read some earlier reviews unhappy with the size of the rooms and the decor, but regarding size--that's New York! There are MUCH smaller rooms in this little city of ours, and for the rate you're paying at a four-star hotel, the rooms are a very good size. Regarding decor--that's modern Asian minimalism. That IS the decor, kind of what you see at some upscale spas in Manhattan--cool, serene minimalism is the point. Personally, I prefer minimalistic decor to ostentatious displays.All in all, a wonderful experience, and I highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 24 2005	Wonderful hats off!	Hats off to the Kitano! Arrived on a Saturday afternoon, only one night wish it were more. Lobby is spotless, beautiful first class all the way. Check in first class, the staff first class. Room large, actually very large for a New York Hotel, spotless, not a detail missed. Bathrooms large, spotless. Room service quick, again first rate. Ordered sushi, good by not great. Priced good for room service, great for NY. The only thing we did not like was the TV size, very small and we wonder way? Upon check out we mentioned to the staff how we enjoyed our stay, we also mentioned the TV size. Two days later a letter arrives from the hotel thanking us for our business, thankful that we enjoyed our stay. The letter goes on to say how they took our comment about the TV and passed it on to upper management. Now folks, that's a hotel that cares about its customer's. It shows the second you walk into the door and we shall make this hotel our stay again and again.	
Mar 12 2005 	Not the 4 Seasons	When travelling to NYC I am usually there for at least 2 nights and often stay at the Trump or 4 Seasons. I was in NYC for a single night . I had an early morning meeting and wanted to be walking distance. Chose the Kitano at the recommendation of my client and was mentally preparing to tough it out at a second tier hotel. My rate was approximately $200 and so my suspicions were code red. Got to hand it to the Japanese. They made me feel welcome and calm from check in to check out. The hotel and room were clean and updated. My experience actually makes me wonder if I have been spending too much at other hotels.	
Mar 6 2005	Very Impressed!	I stayed at the Kitano from 21 - 28 Feb and found it wonderful. It was my first time in new York and afetr having read some previous negative reviews on the site was not looking forward to my stay. But, I found the staff helpful, friendly and sincere (which is rare these days). After cheaking in we asked to be moved roomns because the two double beds we were given were simply not big enough for two people to sleep in. The front desk moved us staight away and I did not feel like an inconvenience (as I have before). The bar is a great place to start the night and the staff were happy to chat away. The rooms, although plain and simple, were extremely clean and well kept. Turn down at night was a lovely touch to come back to and the windows certainly made my sleeping alot easier.I would certainly book the Kitano again on my next trip to New York which I am planning already.	
Feb 17 2005	Puzzled? Kitano is wonderful.	I'm writing this during my fourth stay at the Kitano and am writing this because I'm surprised at the recent negative reviews. Normal room rates are about $210 and at that price the value is terrific. When the hotel jacks up rates to over $300 during busy times, I stay elsewhere. But, every room I have had has been beautiful. The decor is simple and elegant reflecting the Japanese theme, rooms a reasonable size bed comfortable, full marble bath is large and functional and the windows open. When I hear someone complain about noise in New York, I have to wonder where the hell the think they are staying. And, Murray Hill is a great neighborhood. Want more action - stay in Times Square with the rest of the tourists. One time I did get a non-smoking room that some inconsiderate dirtbag had obviously smoked in and the front desk moved me in an instant. If I were to nitpick, I'd say that the TV is too small. Big deal. Here's a secret, though. If you want high speed internet you don't have to pay for the hotel's broadband, you can pick up the free Wi-Fi from the Kimpton across the street!	
Feb 16 2005	Can do better	You can do much better in NY. I think this hotel is good for the business type, 1 or 2-night. Not for the romantic type. Just got back from a 3-night stay at this hotel. It is a quiet / cold hotel in a relatively quiet portion of Park Ave. The room was simply too small and too simple. The bathroom is average. I would agree with a previous poster that the room is nothing more than a dorm with a marble bathroom. I read in a previous post that the doorman were extremely helpful. That was not true in our experience. We saw 4 or 5 different doormen through our stay. They only opened the door if they needed to walk through it. They didn't even need to do this sometimes, because the doors were often left open (even when it was blowing freezing wind). After figuring that attending the door was not in the &quot;door&quot;men's interests/duties, I asked a couple of them directions to some well known restaurants. Niether of them had a clue. The &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign doesn't mean much at this hotel either. Instead of knocking on your door early morning, they'll call your room phone. You can do much better in NY...	
Feb 16 2005	Perfect. Again.	I stayed in the Kitano for the second time from February 3-8 and just couldn't fault it. The previous time, last September, I really liked it, but like one of your previous reviewers, felt it was a little dull and rough around the edges. However, I too appreciated the quality of the furnishings on closer inspection and realised the &quot;dullness&quot; was probably better described as the Japanese way of not intruding. Before I went, I spent countless hours cross-checking reviews on tripadvisor and other sites to get a real feel for some of the hotels I was considering staying in for a change and there was a recurring theme of bad service, technology not performing, noisy, shabby and small rooms (even in the 5 stars) and I didn't want to be disappointed by making the wrong choice. With the Kitano, I didn't.I was welcomed like an old friend and felt completely at home. The bar is a more popular place than I had thought, particularly for business people and the jazz sessions are a great addition. I had received a response from the General Manager to my comment form from the previous visit, and this time, the robes and towels were brand new and sumptious.It's not to everyone's taste: it's not cool and trendy, it doesn't have plasma screens, free high speed internet access, cookies at bedtime and heavenly beds, but it does ooze discreet quality, has fresh sheets and turndown service every day, is spotless and has a good minibar. You won't hear a sound in the large, reasonably-priced rooms and you will probably get a view of either the Empire State Building or the Chrysler Building, just a few (very safe) blocks away. I can't compliment this hotel enough and will automatically book in again in another few weeks. They also thank you for staying with them and mean it; nice to know you're appreciated, isn't it?	
Feb 1 2005	Anyone can do better	Booked a 2 night stay at the Kitano and ended up cheking out early and rebooking at another hotel before midnight. Lobby is nice and it is all downhill from there. I was given an &quot;upgrade&quot; at check in which actually ended up being from a king bed to two doubles (less than ideal when traveling w/ spouse.) We checked out the king room and it was so small we decided to keep the upgrade. The rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice, but they are very blandly decorated and not well lit. I should have took the lack of in-room pictures on their website as a sign. Although the widows were sound proof, street noise was evedent as was the light peering through the roman shades. The beds are among the worst I have (tried to) slept in anywhere. If there is a bright spot, I will add that the staff was friendly and very accomodating. However, with all of the great places in NYC there is little reason to stay at the Kitano. Other reviewers mention that this was the nicest hotel they have stayed... Ithey must have VERY low expectations if this is their idea of a nice hotel. It is little more than dorm room with a marble bathroom.	
Jan 22 2005	Can do better in NYC	The Kitano, while clean and quiet, was not a fabulous hotel by any means. The room I stayed in was tiny and unfortunately smelled a bit smoky despite the front desk's assurance that it was a non-smoking room. Additionally, while not impossibly far from &quot;the sights,&quot; it can get a bit dark and quiet (read: dangerous?) if you're walking home at night. On the plus side, the bathroom was large (especially compared to the room size) and the Shiseido bath products are a classy choice. Also, the tea service makes a unique and personal touch. Although my stay was okay overall, you can definitely do better in the competitive NYC hotel market.	
Jan 9 2005	Excellent hotel	I stayed at this hotel Saturday, 12/25/04 - Friday 12/31/04. Excellent location (only 4 blocks or so to Grand Central Station). Exceptionally quiet rooms - terrific soundproofing walls and windows. Small number of rooms/floor - something like 11? (I was on the 9th floor). Rooms are a bit small but the bathrooms are huge (towel warmer is great) - huge mirrors and terrific lighting in the bathroom. Internet connection is fast but would have liked to have seen wireless Internet.I unfortunately worked from 1000a - 900p everyday and didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant - but it looked impressive.Extremely helpful doorman, front desk staff made the stay even more enjoyable.	
Dec 20 2004	Great hotel Great Price	Stayed at the hotel on Friday Dec 17. Great hotel in a stunning Park Ave neigbourhood.Got a super rate $210. Beautiful room with view of the Empire State Building. Quiet Quiet the sleep I have ever had in NYC.Beautifully decorated room with all marble bathroom. Great valet &amp; doorman service. When I returned late at night the entrance door was locked with a doorman on the other side, as soon as he saw me he opened the door. He asked me for my hotel card and asked my room # to double check. I appreciate this level of security, rarely seen even the best hotels. Next time I am in NYC it will be my stop.	
Nov 4 2004	Oasis of Calm	I stayed at the Kitano during the weekend of 25 and 26 September. The room was booked over the hotel's website at a special weekend rate of US$240++ per night for a King Superior Room.The room was smaller than expected even though the staff assured me that it was 300 sq feet. I requested to view the other rooms, and for US$20 more, upgraded myself to a King Deluxe Room (330 sq ft). This was definitely more spacious, and was worth the upgrade. The bathroom was definitely more spacious, and this matters to me. The nice touch about the bathroom is that they have heated towel racks. And the best part of the room is the airpot which allows you to have unlimited supply of hot water for a nice cuppa tea. The only downside is the bed too much spring in it. I prefer my mattress to be more solid.The hotel is incredibly serene and calm, and you would never get hordes of tourist crowds at the lobby. Hotel staff was very polite, and I tried out the Garden Cafe where the salad was extremely tasty, and was not crowded. If you want to be near to the action, but be far from the madding crowd, the Kitano is a good choice. I have stayed at many other hotels in New York, and would certainly consider staying here again.	
Nov 1 2004	Weekend in NYC	My husband and I just returned from a weekend in NYC. We stayed at the Kitano. It was a perfect location for all that we wanted to do. The room was small (especially for $300 a night), but very clean. The bathroom was spacious. We would stay here again. I guess you just pay more for less in NYC.	
Oct 24 2004	My favorite New York hotel	I submitted a review of the Kitano previously, but it seems to have disappeared, so I'm submitting this new review. I've stayed at the Kitano on many occasions, in a variety of rooms. My impression on the first visit was less than great, I left feeling underwhelmed. It was only after a couple more trips that I realized that was the point. The Kitano isn't big or flashy. Rather, it is an oasis in the middle of NYC. It takes awhile to realize that the hotel is exactly what it sets out to be - quiet, efficient without being in your face, friendly while staying out of your way. As someone else mentioned, my first impression of the rooms was that they could use some updating, it was only later that I realized they were pristine, just purposely plain. For example, it took me several trips to realize that the wallcovering in the hallways was a very elegant fabric - nothing calls attention to itself. The floors are cleverly laid out so that it is never more than a short walk to your room from the elevator. Hotel security isn't obvious, yet I have the impression that they are watching for problems. The bar, on the second floor overlooking Park Avenue, is one of my favorite NY spots. I still remember sitting at the window one winter evening watching people walking down Park Avenue in the snow, cabs pulling up, etc. A true city moment. I'm sorry to hear that some people felt less than welcome, I've never had that experience. Indeed, when I return they know my face, and have a record of the room I stayed in on the previous trip. The Japanese restaurant is great - avoid the western restaurant at the back of the first floor, entirely forgettable. I'm a walker, and can't imagine a better location for someone like me. It is walking distance to almost everyone you need to be, especially if your business takes you to midtown.	
Oct 1 2004	Great Value	I lived in New York for almost 20 years and had the opportunity to see/try many of New York's hotels during that time. I had eaten at the Kitano's restaurant and, when I got a great rate online, decided to stay at the hotel on a recent trip to NY. The decor in the room was slightly worn, though certainly less than New York's high traffic hotels (Hilton's Marriott's etc.). The room was very clean, and the bathroom was first rate. The staff was professional and helpful. My room was above their bar which had a jazz band playing. It was slightly audible in the room, though not a problem (and things like that do bother me). The band stopped playing around 11 PM. There was absolutely no noise from the street even though I was on the third floor of the hotel. The windows do open. I will definitely stay here again - its an above average hotel and you can get great rates online. I also intend to try the hotel 70 Park Ave which is across the street.	
Aug 30 2004	Great Hotel Great Staff		
May 12 2004	THE place to stay in NYC		
Apr 29 2004	Great Disappointment!		
Apr 28 2004	Loved it!		
Apr 23 2004	Kitano Vastly Over-rated?		
Apr 19 2004	Ideal Location		
Mar 14 2004	Loved the Kitano		
Feb 13 2004	Little Japan in NYC		
Nov 25 2003	Enjoyable Stay at NY's Kitano		
Oct 15 2003	A peaceful oasis in NYC		
Nov 24 2009 	Perfetto		
Nov 21 2009 	??????		
Nov 15 2009 	???????		
Nov 11 2009 	????????????????		
Nov 10 2009 	??????????		
Oct 27 2009 	Hotel bastante bueno		
Oct 14 2009 	????????????		
Sep 22 2009 	????????????		
Sep 20 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 18 2009 	perfetto sotto tutti i punti di vista		
Aug 29 2009 	???????????		
Aug 25 2009 	Encantador hotel		
Jun 8 2009 	???????		
Feb 8 2009 	????NY??????		
Jan 23 2009 	????????		
Jan 22 2009 	??????		
Jan 10 2009 	?????????		
Dec 1 2008 	???????		
Oct 1 2008 	Ottimo Hotel		
May 14 2008 	superkitano		
Mar 29 2008 	"Low-Tech" Hôtel		
Jan 7 2008 	Ottimo albergo		
Sep 22 2007 	Muy limpio pero caro		
