	Agreeable hotel terrific location	Located nicely in midtown with easy access to the subway. Lots of selection for eating and shopping nearby. Some construction in lobby but this was minimally inconvenient. Room was clean and well proportioned, staff was friendly and helpful, even for NYC.	
	Staff Wonderful with remodel underway	We had a large group of familes with jump ropers in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Staff got us into rooms after long bus trip and always helped with details. While the hotel is undergoing remodeling (and it is needed as with many NYC hotels), it was clean and comfortable. Internet is free in the lobby and the warm cookies are available all the time as a bonus. It was a very busy time and each person received individual attention and service. Hilton standards, realizing construction was going on, were maintained. Staff was most helpful and took care of our needs and more. New York hotel rooms are small and that is just a fact of life. Clean is important and our group had no complaints.	
	Location is good---but that's it...	I always try and stay in the Hilton chain.. This hotel is old and run down. There was construction taking place on Nov 30, which is probably a good thing.Rooms are really small and they are for sure HOT. In NYC, most hotels turn off the AC for the winter. You have 1 choice, heat or open the window. This can be very noisy with the horn blowing etc..The staff are excellent but the one thing that was very bad was the breakfast....The chef should consider other career options. Being in the restaurant business, I couldn't believe what he put out....Cold and bland......Other wise, the location is great....	
Nov 23 2009 	Go elsewhere	The hotel is currently under renovations (they fail to mention this). The rooms are small and cramped, but worst of all no particulary clean. It was so hot I had to ask for a fan. To top it all off, when you cehck out and ask to leave baggage they cgarge you $2 per bag!!!!!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Toilets throw water on buns and on the wall. No kidding.	Horrible. I'll never be back.- Internet is not free.- Secret &quot;Hilton free internet&quot; didn't work.- Under renovations, and bar area was fugly.- Prices for a beer at the bar absurd.- Toilet threw water on my bum and if not seated toilet threw water on the WALL. - HDTV low quality, why buy HDTV for this blocky crap? Letterman gets filmed like a half mile away and picture stunk. - Shower water pressure and shower head stunk.- Minibar was EMPTY, no fridge - nothing.I hate this place. Its a rip off. I have nothing good to stay about it other than I didn't get mugged or stolen from, and the building didn't fall while I was there. I consider myself lucky I guess.$300/night. Absurd.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Hotel for a Good Price	The location of this hotel is excellent if you want to be right in the heart of midtown. the staff is extremely helpful and accomodating. The rooms are on the older side and could use some general redecorating, but they are very clean and extremely spacious by NY standards. This was the 1st time Ive had a hotel room in NYC with my own large and private terrace.I have stayed here before and I will certainly stay here again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Not up to Hilton standards	Great location--walking distance to many of Manhattan's great tourist attractions. The warm cookies at check in were nice, however, the service was less than great. Upon entering the lobby with our bags, 6 bellmen stood watching us...no offering to help, no greeting...they were discussing something else amongst themselves. The check in was quick and efficient with very little effort or hospitality put in to it by the gal working the desk. The lobby was under construction, and their bar was a makeshift portable bar with a few tables and chairs surrounding it. No notification of construction when booking the room--a heads up would have been nice. The room was nice and clean, minus some peeling wallpaper in the bathroom. The housekeeping staff was outstanding, very friendly and very willing to go above and beyond. I have stayed in Hilton Hotels many times and have never had this poor of service before. I was very disappointed for the price we paid. I firmly believe that the staff of a hotel makes or breaks your experience there, and this one left a pretty sour taste in my mouth.	
Nov 17 2009 	Neutrogena bath products AND a warm cookie	I travel to NYC frequently and lately I've been staying at this hotel for two simple reasons - that warm cookie they hand you when you check in is lovely and I'm a big fan of the Neutrogena bath products, including the face moisturizer so I don't have to bring my own from home. Hotels of a certain class/price level are basically all the same - it's the little touches that distinguish one from the others. So these are the two little touches that keep me coming back. Silly, but there it is!Oh, my one criticism is that the fitness center is too small for a hotel of its size. Both times when I've tried to use it, there haven't been any cardio machines available.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location but not really worth the price	I was disappointed with this hotel. The location was awesome as you could have walked from there to most of the great sites nearby. The staff were not that friendly, which was a bit of a turn-off. The construction going on in the hotel took away from the ambience and the lobby was always pretty busy since the wifi was free there but not in the rooms. I had to let the water run at a near trickle for it to stay hot, which was annoying. It was an okay stay but for the price, I expected better than okay.	
Nov 10 2009 	Good location for price	Good location for price. Walked to Central Park, Times Sq, 5th Ave shopping, Empire State Building, Radio City Hall, Rockerfeller Ctr, plus more. Staff was not very friendly, but a few made up for that. Under CONSTRUCTION, so not very pretty inside. Room was small, but we only needed to sleep there. Beds were very comfy. Bathroom needs a re-haul, pretty clean. Overall clean, but felt used/dated. Take advantage of parking package - it's totally worth it.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect in a less than perfect world	Highly recommended if you need a convenient, clean, respectable place to stay in mid-town. All of the amenities you need at your fingertips. Great breakfast for Hhonors Gold members. Very responsive to special requests. Despite construction and small lobby, very comfortable. Wi-Fi is extra in rooms, which explains why so many people park in the lobby and corners to work.	
Nov 5 2009 	Under construction good location mediocre hotel	I had a short, one night here for business nearby. Check-in was quick, efficient and friendly with the warm cookie offered. The lobby area was under construction as of November 2009 so the hallway to the elevators was very constricted. The &quot;bar&quot; consisted of a few tables and a portable bar shoved into said hallway; congestion was constant in this hallway. Room service &amp; dining hours were restricted due to the renovation, none of which was advertised before arrival. My room on the 10th floor was average size for New York standards, but the bathroom was definitely sub-par. The ceiling paint was peeling and the tub had been worn down to the base metal in places. The bedding &amp; furniture were quality and clean. The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. Overall it is fine for a quick trip but should not be near the top of any list.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Location...Horrible Hotel	My family (2 adults and 2 children) stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. The condition of our room was significantly well below standard for and Hilton hotel brand. Our room was very dirty and dusty, some of the common areas of the hotel were the same, we had a broken closet door in our room, there was mildew in the shower and of the most serious complaint was a SERIOUS infestation of fleas and/or bed bugs. My 2 young children (ages 6 and 9) were crying, itching and are returning home with bites and welts all over their body. We were all miserable for 5 days.We travel extensively for both business and pleasure and have stayed at many other Hilton hotels from Venice Italy to Napa California to South Florida and never in the past have we been so disappointed in our hotel experience. As a result of this hotel stay in New York City, we are seriously considering boycotting ALL future stays at Hilton Hotels.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect place for business stay in NY City	This is the best place to stay in NY City especially if you go for business. Best location in town with most of the major banks headquarters at walking distance. 51st St. subway station right beneath the hotel is priceless in cold winters and hot summers. There are plenty of restaurants and cultural attractions in the area. The rooms are comfortable and extremely tidy, spacious and well illuminated. The best thing about the place is its magnificent staff. The lobby team leaded by Mr. Dennis Jarrín is always kind, efficient, and willing to help.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great NYC Getaway- Truly a Hidden Gem!!	As I've done before, I read a lot of reviews of this property both before and after my stay. My friends and I were very pleased with everything about this hotel. It was very centrally located to so many attractions in NYC- particularly, shopping districts, Central Park, and Times Square. Also, for places outside of a comfortable walking radius, taxicabs are plentiful as this is in a very bustling area, or there is also a subway station basically right next door to the property, which we also used. The concierge made some amazing restaurant recommendations, also very appropriate given what we were looking for (particular types of cuisine, approximate price ranges, etc). The rooms were quite spacious for NYC, and substantially larger than others I've stayed in, at comparable NYC properties. Everyone on staff, particularly Dennis one of the managers, went out their way to ensure that our stay was comfortable and pleasant. I can't say enough positive things about this hotel. We also enjoyed a great buffet breakfast in the hotel on one of the mornings. All in all, the staff and atmosphere of this hotel only served to enhance our stay in Manhattan.	
Oct 16 2009 	helpful and friendly	We had a very enjoyable stay at the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel in NYC. The staff was very helpful, especially Keith Homes from guest services who helped us resolve a small issue with our room. In addition, he went out of his way to make sure that we were satisfied with everything during our stay. Staff personnel like this truly make a difference when traveling.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent location but the Hotel needs to be renovated	Excellent location, good concept but the rooms need to be renovated: they are just OK for a short stay, but nothing is really enjoyable, the bed is old as well as the carpet (I would not walk barefoot...). There are much better in NYC for that price...	
Oct 12 2009 	Great place to stay with baby and family	We spent Christmas here with our 16-month-old, and my mother-in-law got a room down the hall for 2 nights as well. We loved having so much close by - but this was my first time to NYC, so not unique to this hotel I'm sure!A cot was provided for our baby and we were able to tuck her in the corner and not disturb her when we went to bed. There were also blankets so she was warm enough. We faced away from Lex so there was no noise to worry about. The breakfast was great and the concierge gave us good recommendations for places to eat (including Christmas dinner!). Our one complaint was the fridge, how they charged us for taking things out to store our leftovers and babyfood in there; but this was eventually settled on checkout. We also made use of the free Wifi during evenings when our baby was sleeping and we sat in the lobby.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very nice hotel excelent localization	This is not a cheap hotel, however there´s no cheap hotels in Manhattan...Very nice hotel, close to main attractions and besides a metro station.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great deal for Manhattan and excellent service	From the minute Janice Ryan at the front desk checked us in our experience was good. After explaining to her it was our sisters first trip to NYC and also her birthday, she insured our rooms were special. We had a partial view of the Chrysler Bldg and my sisters room had a complementary fruit basket. The manager introduced himself (Keith Homes) with a small box of chocolates as a bday suprise. The desk staff was helpful throughout our 5 day stay and the cookes were always a welcome treat when we returned, tired after touring NYC. Our luggage was stored both upon arrival and after cking out with out any problems.We all felt the Doubletree certainly added to our wonderfull NYC trip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great price for a clean quiet comfortable room in this area	The Doubletree is a perfectly nice hotel that costs a third or even less than the ritzier hotels that surround it on the Upper East Side. It's definitely not in the same league as, say, the Waldorf, which is down the street, but it was really very pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the room was reasonably comfy. It wasn't beautifully decorated (some odd lamps, too many bare walls, etc.), but it was clean and not at all dingy. It was also very quiet. Plus, you gotta love being greeted at check-in with a large, warm, delicious chocolate chip cookie for everyone in your party. If you want to stay in this area, and you don't want to spend a fortune, this is a good choice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Okay for the Price	This Doubletree is centrally located in Midtown East. Overall the rooms were a little small and some of the bathrooms were really small. Very nice front desk staff. Good buffet breakfast each morning.	
Oct 8 2009 	a good deal	We got a great deal on this hotel room - it happened to be an &quot;accessible&quot; room which made the bathroom layout a bit odd, but the room was big, the bed very comfortable, and overall the place was pretty quiet. Location was excellent! We would stay here again, even though the lobby and rest of the place was just so-so.	
Oct 8 2009 	Warm smiles with tasty cookies! :)	I have to say i really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Hotel staffs were very friendly and professional. I shared an one queen bedroom with my friend and we were pleased that it was roomy for both of us. What more do you want if you stay in a room that has a comfortable bed, clean bathroom and HDTV with HBO channel? I thought nothing but there is a plus. Perhaps, you should try their yummy chocolate chip cookies! They were like homemade ones that mom would bake. When you check in, they hand out cookies with card keys. How great is that? Hotel manager Dennis Jarrin was kind enough to pack more cookies for my flight home. I highly recommend Doubletree Metropolitan hotel if you want to stay in Midtown Manhattan!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great value good location very good service	I stayed in this hotel for three nights after fleeing the Sheraton Times Square. I had a mini-suite on the 19th floor. The room was spacious (for New York) with a living area, a desk, and a wall of windows. The service was very good when I arrived and they checked on me throughout the stay. I used room service once and it was prompt and good. The room was very clean with alot of towels and quality linens. There is free wifi in the lobby, a decent bar there as well. The workout room was clean and had an adequate array of equipment. The location is good and it is within walking distance of many attractions including Grand Central. It is a little far from most Broadway theatres but if you don't mind a 15 to 20 minute walk, you can walk back from the theatre.	
Oct 5 2009 	Would never stay here again!	We stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan Sept. 29-Oct.1, 2009. We were disappointed from the moment we walked in the lobby. I had read online that the hotel had been renovated. It must have been back in the 70's. We were greeted and immediately helped by friendly staff.  We went to our room and couldn't believe the decor and condition of the room and bathroom. The furnishings, decorations and carpeting were old. The bathroom was tiny; mold on the shower tiles and poorly repaired guages and renovations on the cheap. We looked out the window and only saw a brick wall. If my husband sat in the chair at the desk, I had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room. I called down and requested a renovated room. I was told all rooms were renovated at the same time, We were offered a room 2 floors up with the same configuration, but a view of the street, which we accepted in a heartbeat.The room air conditioner was old--a register along the wall. It didn't kick on at night.The only place for free Wi-Fi was in the lobby and it was always crowded and loud.The 2 positives are: staff was friendly and the location was great.It was very noisy from the outside, as well as, people closing doors in the hallway. It was like the doors were being slammed. I think it is because we were in a area were 4 rooms converged and the doors were positioned right next to each other.We would not stay here again. I used to have a positive image of Doubltree Hotels.	
Oct 4 2009 	Terrible Customer Service	I have stayed in this hotel for many times, and I didn't have good experience with the hotel staff at all. I always need to wait at the front desk for help not because they are serving other guests but chatting or doing their own business on their front desk. I think many of you know how it felt like after a long haul flight to NY and how desperate to rest on the bed when the room key is not working after check-in. I am not asking the staff to attend my need within one second and I understand they have their business to deal with, but at least they can ask me to wait for a minute instead of just ignoring me. The second thing is that I hope the house keeping staff can keep their noise level down. I know they can't control the noise from the vacuum machine, but please don't yell their voice over the vacuum machine. The last thing that annoys me the most is that one time I try to call a guest in the hotel. I made the call at 1am (eastern time) to the ask the operator to connect my call. The operator replied me, &quot;No!&quot; Then I asked why and she replied, &quot;Ok?&quot; then hanged up. I wonder if she is extremely busy for connect a call at 1am in the morning. If you do have to stay at this hotel, I wish everything is smooth. Otherwise good luck if you need their help for fix something or change something. Good luck if you need to rest during daytime. You will wake up every 10 to 15 minutes by police car, fire truck or other cars honking.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent value and great quality	This conveniently located hotel is perfect for mid-town visitors, who will enjoy the comfortably appointed and elegantly decorated rooms, as well as the pleasant bar area and the breakfast room. Staff are pleasant and friendly, including the general manager, whose experienced vision of customer service can be felt throughout the hotel. It was a real pleasure staying there and I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Perfect location helpful staff	I stayed at the Metropolitan Doubletree several times during the last year, because our company had an agreement with the hotel. I never really encountered problems when checking in or out and my colleagues and I adore the warm chocolate chip cookies you get, when checking in. The lobby is clean, quite modern with free internet access. I experienced different rooms that were different in size, too. All in all I cannot complain about the bed: it was always clean and good to sleep on. Towels were clean, too and the Neutrogena toiletries highly apreciated. My AC was always working, the only thing missing is a real temperature control.Although I have to admit that the bathrooms are not in the best conditions and that some of the rooms need a refurbishment. At least the room has a new nice TV, a radio where you can connect your MP3 and a safe in the closet (not all hotels provide one!). The gym is quite big and the carpet was lately renewed. But honestly: how much time do you spend in your room, when staying New York? If you want a relaxing or romantic vacation, New York is not the best place to go. ;-)The most important thing when staying in New York is the location! And the location of the Doubletree is excellent. All the major attractions are in walking distance or easily reachable with the metro which is just next to the hotel. My experiences with the staff are good, I always encountered corteous, friendly and professional staff. Especially Dennis Jarrin was very helpful and gave me good advices.I would definitely return to the Doubletree again for a short trip to New York	
Sep 13 2009 	Don't waste a trip to NYC at this place	I used Hilton HHonors points to stay overnight after a function, and this is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in -- and that is saying something. I would never stay at another Doubletree. I would rate it at around a Motel 6 or Days Inn but I have stayed in some nice hotels in those chains. The rooms were shabby, small and neglected. The heating/cooling unit looks like it was last replaced in the late 80's, and only blew out cool air. I checked in after walking in the rain and couldn't even get the room warm. The bathroom floor was very unclean. The bathroom tub had black pockmarks in it and I touched more than one handle in the room that was sticky. Don't ask me with what!The executive lounge is open from 7-11am only and offers a meagre selection fruits and cold cereal. Do not waste your trip to New York here --- I am from the area and still had a rotten experience here. Look around for some other locations in the city and enjoy!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great and pleasant stay at the DT Metro bring earplugs just in case...	I have to admit I tried rebooking since I was afraid of the bad reviews on the website. Upon walking into the lobby I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby was clean, modern, narrow, something I expect out of a NYC hotel and a Doubletree. I had a great time, check in was easy, with no hassles or long waits. I got to the hotel after traveling awhile and arrived at the hotel before check in time. All of the hotel staff (especially housekeeping, &amp; the bellstaff :&lt;)-thank you) were pleasant and greeted me and my family with smiles and a warm hello. I asked the Concierge (Jennifer) for several different suggestions, which did not disappoint. Britney checked me in and my mother very quickly. I originally booked under a package deal with Expedia (normally I book under hilton honors since I am a member), I was afraid I would be treated with disdain but the complete opposite happened. I booked a queen size bed but asked if I could get doubles instead. Unfortunetely she was unable to do that but upgraded me to a king room and a corner room which allowed for more space. It turned out to be great since my niece and nephew ended up visiting with us for awhile. I did not have breakfast there but opted for daily breakfast runs at the adjacent Metro cafe. I believe it is not affiliated with the hotel. The elevators ran fine and there was never a problem or a long wait for them. The hotel is diagonally across from the Waldorf Astoria, and is next to the subway. I felt very safe especially since there is a fire station and police station on the same block. People complained about the noise but I find that hillarious, you would think you would want to be close to such emergency departments just in case (especially if you are solo and have to go to the atm at night). I brought my earplugs which I really did not need because if you are in nyc you will be walking all over the place or on your feet most of the time so by the time you get back to the hotel you are knocked out anyway. One negative, I did see traces of mold in the shower which I thought was disturbing especially since it was a beautifully remodeled bathroom. In nyc you will see this in many hotels since the buildings are old and there is not adequate air circulation. All in all I would definetely stay here again, the hotel was clean, lively, and happy! Thank you for a wonderful stay.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good Value For Money. Clean. Good Location.	Stayed here from the 29th Aug - 1st Sep. Check in was easy and pleasant. Picked up our complimentary cookies which were lovely and warm!. Stayed in room 910 which is on the 9th floor looking out to the Staples shop direct and Subway. Had a King size bed which was very comfortable and the linens were very white and clean. The TV was an L.G LCD HD 40&quot; which was great and had plenty of channels. There was also a desk &amp; computer chair, plus a small sofa in the room. The safe located in the top of the closet worked well but rather small as couldn't fit the laptop in. Plenty of storage for clothes and also empty suitcases. The bathroom sink counter was located in a separate side room to the main bathroom. The bathroom had a bath/shower and toilet all of which worked well and water pressure was good, also there was always hot water available. Although it might not of been the biggest of bathrooms it was just fine and for NY better than what you could possibly get elsewhere. Our floor had a room with an Ice Machine and Vending Machines in it which was handy. Lifts are quick and never have to wait longer than a minute for one. The Internet you have to pay for, but look out for a wireless connection for a local University as you can connect to that for free or you may go down to the lobby to connect for free. We didn't use any of the food services in the hotel so cannot comment on that area but the bar located in the hotel was always full with people so it must be good. Maid service was very efficient, always cleaned at suitable times.We heard the Fire engines a few times during the night but it didn't bother us as we was so tired from walking around NY that we fell back asleep straight away. Checkout was very quick and easy, no added extras on the bill like some hotels try and put on so was very pleased overall.	
Sep 2 2009 	If I knew this was what I was getting for $150 I would have paid $500 to stay somewhere else!	We drove up to this hotel and found that they had a garage around the corner that had discounted rates for hotel guests. Since we have an oversized truck they charged us extra- no problem. When we walked into the very small and cramped lobby of this hotel everything looked ok. We didnt know we were in for it until we walked down the corridor to our room. It was a hotel straight out of a B movie where the hotel is dilapidated and everything is old and outdated decor. We got into the room and it went from worse to terrible. Now, keep in mind, when we got this &quot;deal&quot; through priceline, we believed we were getting a 3 1/2 star hotel for $150. We walked in and there was a musty smell right off the bat. We would have gone down and changed the room right there but we were running late for dinner. So we stayed there and surveyed the damage. Bathroom looked like they had a mold infestation. The closet had a musty smell in it which caused me to avoid using it. The rug was torn up in the corners, the wall paper peeling off in corners. The best part was finding someone else's eaten &quot;parfait&quot; ? in the corner of the bathroom. The staff never cleaned it well so there was a nice running chocolate stain running from where the cup and half eaten dessert laid. Baseboard in the bathroom was falling off and thats just the bathroom! The air conditioner was one that you find in a nasty old motel....but OLDER than anything I've seen. Really, I am too tired to go on, but you get the idea of disaster.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great weekend at Doubletree Metro	Hubby and I just returned from a weekend at the Doubletree Metropolitan in New York. Our experience was lovely. The location was perfect for us. The only drawback is the fire station across the street. But it never disturbed us. Maybe we lucked out. The room was not huge but big enough. Clean, lovely modern decor. I loved the stainless steel round sink in the bathroom and the contemporary features. The bed was sooooo comfortable with crisp sheets, a pile of feather pillows and a snuggly feather duvet. I turned down the temp in the room so I could use it. We wanted to take the bed - linens, pillows and all - home with us. We arrived early but they had a room available so we didn't have to wait. Everyone was very friendly. We had a drink at the bar. Expensive but a nice spot to relax. We didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't give it a review. The location is just far enough from Times Square to not be in the thick of it but close enough to walk to, as well as walking distance to anything in Midtown. There's a subway entrance right next to the hotel and others very close by. My only complaint was the business center. I went to print out our boarding passes, which you can do for no charge. But the connection is slooooooooowwwwwww. And I had to reset 2 computers just to get one to work right. But it eventually worked so a minor frustration.The room wasn't perfect. The desk had a chip in it. The bathroom is small and someone used too much caulk in there. But those are very minor. The price is reasonable and the bed alone was worth it. We will definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Run down dump	It should have been a clue when there was a line at the check in and everyone was arguing about something. Or, 2 of the 3 desk clerks were actually serving customers and the other just stood there. Or when another disappointed guest came up with his spouse completed distraught about having to pay for &quot;free parking&quot;. Needless to say, the suite was not like in the picture or anywhere close. Clearly, this suite was very run down, the roll away was not made up, the safe did not work, and we did not have enought room. The last straw was when they came in to make up the roll away and my daughter laid on the bed and was pained by the springs coming through on the mattress. We had enough and packed up our bags and left without spending any of the 7 days we had booked. We were never so happy to pay more money for a real hotel, where the service and the amenities told us the management cared and were on top of the details.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good location busy and rowdy hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights and were overall pleased with our room.Pros:- Close to the subway- Comfortable bed, lots of pillows- Huge flat screen TV with great choice of channels- Lots of mirrors, storage space and desktops/counters- Decor is modern, carpet and bathroom is a bit worn- Front desk and housekeeping staff were friendly and helpfulCons:- Very busy hotel, lobby is always crammed, no system of lining-up for front-desk assistance (I got cut in front of each time I thought I was standing in line), elevators are always full and- Our entire floor reeked of marijuana on a Sunday morning- Not very soundproof, can hear all activity down hallways and car honking and sirens from the street- Bathroom (toilet and tub) does not have a fan, leaving the room very musty and damp feeling, probably the cause of the smell that previous guests have complained about- Sink and vanity are outside of bathroom, but there is no towel bar or place to hang a towel, leaving the space practically useless if someone is in the bathroom- Very little vanity space- Sink splashes very strongly (seems silly, but we all ended up with wet shirts on our first try at washing our hands)Given the price, we would consider staying here again. I'd shop around though first and try and stay out of a less touristy area.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great room great rate great breakfast	My husband and I stayed for five days and found the hotel staff pleasant, the room clean, everything working, no problem with bathrooms. We were on the 18th floor, on the back of the hotel and it was very quiet. The rate I booked, which was non-refundable, included the breakfast buffet, and that was great! Wonderful waffles! I would stay again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Very Good choice in Manhattan	Very good location. The hotel is a modern construction with comfortable rooms y nice style. The staff is very kind. We stayed in two continuos rooms for 5 nights and was a excellent experience. A &quot;Metro Cafe&quot; is in the first floor at side of the principal entrance, wich is very good alternative for fast healthty food.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great location .. everything we needed	Really enjoyed my stay here. It is right on the subway line which was extremely convenient. Didn't need much help but the staff was great to get what we did need. We booked a rate to get the complimentary buffet which was very nice to eat at the hotel before we got out since we are early risers. Beverages weren't included in that but coffee was reasonable ( &lt; $2) .. I'd be cautious about whatever price they charge for juice though FYI.The sink area was not in the main shower/toilet area which was nice since it was for a monther/daughter .. wouldn't want to be in the bathroom together. The cookies are awesome as always!!	
Aug 15 2009 	NYC - reasonable and comfortable good location	Good location. Decent rooms - comfortable but small beds. Warm cookie appreciated on arrival. Open lobby was strange. Very good deli next door. Very reasonable room for NYC.	
Aug 14 2009 	Very disapointing hotel; go elswhere	This hotel is very disapointing. It is very long in the tooth and it's location is it's only redeeming quality. It was probably decent 20 years ago but today it is dirty and a hotel to avoid. Checked in to hotel; receptionist was very pleasant and welcoming, however, arrived at room to find dirty carpet, old, outdated decor, trash from previous guest in trashcan, lock that didn't work, and terrible airconditioning. it needs a complete overhaul; stay elsewhere.	
Aug 14 2009 	Mold Trash and Bad Attitudes	When I arrived, my room smelled like a teenage boy's locker room. I contacted guest services and was moved and upgraded to a king size room. When I arrived in the new room, the bathroom smelled like mold and urine, the chest of drawers had been pulled away from the wall and a large pile of trash was behind it, the carpet was dirty with crumbs, the shower curtain had visible mold on it. The smell was overpowering. This is all in a room that had been cleaned and was &quot;guest-ready&quot;. I paid the $14.95 for the 24-hour wireless internet access. Worked periodically. Not good for a business trip. I contacted the front desk and a nice man, said no problem, if it happens again we'll refund your money. Next morning, it continued to happen. I contacted the front desk again, the man who answered was very rude and informed me they DO NOT give refunds for internet. He checked my account and apparently the man the night before HAD given me a refund. So they DO give refunds on the internet. The bar is tiny. The lobby is constantly filled with teenagers sitting around using the internet. It smells like smoke with people standing one foot from the front door at the smokers &quot;pole&quot;. Get the Guest Relations Manager's name-Believe me you'll need it.	
Aug 11 2009 	OK if you're using it as a crash-pad but don't expect luxury	Having already read the reviews, I knew that we weren't in for a 5-star experience, and I would rate this a 3-star hotel based on the room we were allocated. The room was fairly small - even by European standards - and dated. It could do with a refurb to bring it into the 21st century. The bathroom similarly was cramped and dated and could use a new bathroom suite. What added to our woes with the room was the fact that you could hear the aircon unit outside the hotel whirring at all hours, which wasn't entirely conducive to a good night's rest. The public areas of the hotel were good though, the bar is fine, the wi-fi in the reception was well used by us and everyone else there by the looks of things, and the concierge was pleasant and helpful. (That said, the concierge sent us to an Italian restaurant which were looking to close up at 9.30pm - in a city that never sleeps, apparently!)All in all, the hotel is ok if you're looking for somewhere clean to lay your head and freshen up, which is all we wanted it for. But a few small changes to the rooms could make it a nicer place to stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Deal for the Cost	If you are looking for a reasonable place to stay in the city with a good location, quiet, decent room and bathroom - then the Double Tree is the place to stay. The only downside is the cost to use the internet - other than that it is a deal for NYC. I would stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	At that price point you can do better	I stayed 2 nights at the Doubletree in June. The hotel was reasonably priced, but you didn't seem to get much. The rooms were tiny, worn and smelled. Although the lobby appears to be recently renovated, the rooms are in need of a face lift. Depending on the side of the hotel you stay on, the rooms can be extremely loud due to the street traffic. The location of this hotel was great. Close to the subway and within walking distance to restaurants and bars. Although the hotel was reasonably priced, I would think you could pay the same and stay in some place far nicer.	
Aug 4 2009 	No complaints	We were guests of the Doubletree Metropolitan July 23-25 and it was a very pleasant experience. The staff were helpful and we were allowed to check in early (10:30 AM). There is a subway stop right outside the door, which was very convenient. Midtown attractions, as well as Central Park are easily walkable. Best bagels in the city are just around the corner at Ess-a-Bagel on Third Ave. Room was small, especially the bathroom, but still very comfortable. Only drawback was that the local police &amp; fire stations are on the same block, so there was constant siren noise.	
Aug 4 2009 	Right price right size good location	What a pleasant surprise to find a &quot;roomy&quot; hotel that is clean, well lit and well located in New York for the right price. Paid around $200 for a Thursday night the weekend before July 4th. Would absolutely stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	One Big Complain	Nice hotel, nice people, great location. But twice employees entered my room when I had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign hanging on the door. Once when I was out of the room (I know because the person accidentally dropped a hotel employee computer form on the floor) and the second time when I was in the room getting dressed and maintenance tried to come in to fix a service call from a past guest. For this reason only, I would not stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009	Pleasant surprise	Our stay here was terrific. Staff was prompt with our requests. Had a complimentary breakfast buffet. Warning -- still have to pay for drinks at the buffet which were reasonable. Rooms were nice for New York especially for the rate. Right across the street from a Subway stop which was very convenient. Had a street fair right outside on Saturday when we trying to leave which would have been a little inconvenient to get a cab if you were carrying much.	
Jul 21 2009	We thought it was very good ...	Stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan for one night at the end of June 2009 with my Mother. Managed to get a really good deal by booking direct online and then rechecking weekly until we left for the US - got a twin room, with breakfast for $200 which in the centre of NYC we thought was excellent. Our first impression was excellent, spacious lobby and staff falling over themselves to help, chatty and friendly but professional. Room (two queen beds) on the 19th floor was quite small but very clean with good quality bedding and towels. Free wi-fi internet in the room. Breakfast was excellent - hot and buffet both available - with no request refused. Our luggage was stored for us after we checked out (the cost of $2 per bag was explained upfront) which was very useful as we didn't leave for the airport until late afternoon. All in all an excellent stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	We will stay here again	The hotel is about two blocks from the Waldorf. The subway is on the same corner. You are within easy walking distance to Times Square, the Theatre, Central Park, etc. Great location. The service was great, the rooms were clean and big enough. For this price, you can't go wrong.	
Jul 9 2009 	Old Dirty Rooms	The first room we had has a leaking toilet, so we were moved to another room which looked the same but much smaller than the first one. We did not bother requesting for another room because it was too hard to move all our big luggages again since the hotel staff just handed us another key and did not offer to send anybody to assist us. It will take more time to call for service so we just did it ourselves. The room was so old and musty and the air conditioning unit had no other setting but fan. The bathroom is my main complain. It was very small, we cannot close the door without touching the toilet. The carpeting looked very old. The candies in the room were all dusty and even partially consumed. It's a shame! The pillows needed double pillow-casing since they looked dirty. Housekeeping at night in 12th floor was not polite at all. I almost returned home and canceled my vacation because I never had an experience like this from a good hotel chain. I know this hotel is in NY City and I was told not to expect too much. I tried Doubletree many times in the past and I was very satisfied. For a Doubletree Hotel I expect something good from its name. But the room that I had in Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel in NY City is not impressive at all. The hotel rooms need to be renovated again to look new and clean, and bathroom size must be considered seriously. Some people gave this hotel a good review only based on location and accessibility, and I think that's what we paid for. If you care about quality and cleanliness, this is not the hotel for you!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Staff Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan over July 4th weekend after getting a good rate on the Hilton website (including breakfast) and because of the mid-century modern architecture. The staff was very friendly on check-in, even though we were a couple of hours early they found us an available room. I was also able to get a late check-out without any hassle. Unfortunately, the bathroom in the first room we were given was in very bad shape, so after going back down to the front desk we were moved into a different room. The desk clerk had to speak to a/the manager, who I saw in the front desk area almost every time I went downstairs. He was very gracious, apologized for the bathroom, and even followed up with a phone call once we were in the new room.The rooms are decent size, although I'm not a big fan of the sink being exposed and separate from the shower/toilet. It was obvious that parts of the hotel had been refurbished and other parts had not, as the room and sink area looked new, but the shower area didn't.The location is great for getting the subway (6), and a fairly easy walk to Times Square. But if you want to be right in the &quot;action&quot;, this probably isn't the best place to stay. The area is very quiet, although there is a 24 hour CVS a couple of blocks down, not much else is available at night.The lobby is compact, and even though it's a large hotel I rarely saw anyone having to wait at reception. Every single staff member I encountered was extremely nice, and the fresh cookies were an added bonus. The complimentary breakfast buffet was great, and the wait staff there was very cordial, with no one ever put out that we had coupons for the breakfast. You are charged a minimal gratuity to your room if you book with the complimentary breakfast.Would I stay here again? If I got a good rate I definitely would. The hotel is clean, fairly convenient, and the staff is great.	
Jul 6 2009 	This Hotel was ok but used to be wonderful	My wife and i stayed at the DoubleTree Metropolitan in late June 2009 for a couple of nights. We chose this hotel primarily for two reasons: 1) we stayed at this hotel back in 2005 and had a wonderful experience and 2) the price was very good.Although the price was still good, our room was a bit run down. The sheets had stains, our shower had bugs on the walls and there were a few cobwebs and dust balls on the walls. We asked for another room and the staff was very accommodating and gave us another. The 2nd room a little better. But we were only in the room for a short while anyway. The hotel has a nice lobby and happy hour bar. It is about 7 blocks east and 5 block snorth from Times Square. There's plenty of stores located up the street (51st and Lexington). The &quot;New York Lunchenette&quot; is one of our favorite breakfast places and is around the corner on 50th and Lexington. Cab ride from hotel to LGA is about $35 to $40....and to JFK is $45 fixed rate. You can also take the subway for a lot less to either airport, but will have to take the bus part of the way.The staff was very nice and polite. The hotel is close to central park.I think their last renovation was in 2004, so it was practically a brand new hotel on our first visit. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, although i'm sure my wife wouldn't. I don't think the hotel is bad at all for the price we paid. But just beware that if you're looking for a luxurious hotel with plush accommodations, you may not see it at this hotel.Hope this helps.	
Jul 6 2009 	Not too bad	Stayed here for 3 nights over 4th of July Weekend. I booked though a certain low fair website that doesn't show names. It was worth that price, but not much more. Pros:Location - 6 train right outside the door (one stop from Grand Central), E and V trains 2 blocks north. Rockefeller center is a 10 minute walk away. It isn't even too unreasonable to walk to Times Square (although the E train to 42nd street/PABT is faster, but just 4 stops). Rooms: Good size for Manhattan. Private bathroom, but a small one.Parking: Attached garage offers discounted $30/night parking for guests. Just get your Valet ticket stamped at the front desk. Cons:Climate control: Couldn't find a thermostat. Just had a choice of High or Low.Overpriced amenities: Roll away bed for $50/night (glad I bought the air mattress, which the maids were even kind enough to make up every day). Don't even touch the minibar or the stuff they leave set out. There are sensors. Internet would have been an arm and a leg. Fortunately, I could connect to the Cornell Medical School wi-fi from my room. Elevators: In the morning, I had to wait 15 or so minutes before an empty enough elevator made it to the 8th floor to go down. Should have just taken the stairs. A minor inconvenience, but still. I didn't go for room service or anything else, so I won't comment on that.All and all, it's a room that would only cost $90 or less outside the city. Keep that in mind before you pay $180+.	
Jul 2 2009 	mediocre experience at best	I would like to begin with the positives which fortunately for us usually involves the people part of the experience . All the staff members we encountered were courteous and helpful. The concierge receives special kudos for not only being helpful and courteous but doing so with humor and aplomb. There alas were several negatives that outweighed the positives of the staff. The air conditioner did not function properly as we needed to have it turned to the full level or the room to be barely tolerableeven at night I t was not really hot yet outside so buyer beware! I can not imagine how scorching it may be when it becomes during a heat wave. Perhaps it will be an experience either resembling purgatory or a sample of hell on earth. But alas that b is not why we go on vacation now is it? The water never became hot either in the sink or the bath when washing. There was no stopper for the drain in the sink so one had to simply waste all the water down the drain when using the sink. Also the hotel engages in deceit to gouge the innocent that would make MADOFF proud! There is a tray in the room that appears to have items that are complimentary such as a bottle of water... However one will soon discover that if you touch any item on the tray for 20 seconds (I am not kidding) you pay $7.00 for each item. Finally if you park in the garage make certain that you have the receipt stamped at the hotel as you will pay the discount rate of $30.00. If you forget to have it stamped you will pay the full price. We ended up paying 440.00 for 2 nights which ironically is considered a bargain to some for NYC. We would rather book a &quot;room&quot; in a suite in Central Park rather than pay that price for the value we received.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not bad nothing special - A decent place to stay ONLY if you get a good rate	If you are looking for a great NY hotel experience, this isn't it. Rooms are a bit tired but okay. If you just need a reasonably priced place to stay in a good location, this is okay (but you may well be able to do better). The room I had was a decent size, especially for NY. It wasn't particularly cheerful or nicely furnished, but then again, you're not paying much either. My shower had almost no water pressure making washing hair a lengthy process. The TV remote control batteries were dead, but they responded to my request quickly. However, service to colleagues from Africa was not good. Their luggage didn't arrive with them. They informed the hotel that they were expecting their luggage to arrive separately and to notify them when it did. On the second afternoon of their stay, after the hotel had told them again that the luggage had not arrived, they went out and bought a change of clothes. That night, they discovered that the hotel had had their luggage since morning. The cost and quality for room service was poor -- no small salad available -- cheapest salad was $13 and very basic lettuce with tomatoe. The pizza was totally bland.	
Jun 29 2009 	Pleasnat Stay Great Location	This hotel was a great value and a great location plus it was a really comfortable, clean and pleasant. The rooms were average size. Overall a really nice and pleasant place to stay. It is not over the top service but that is not what is expected at a Doubletree. The staff we encountered were all very accommodating. The woman at check in was very nice and, of course, we got our cookies. Sometimes I think the people who have trouble with the staff in hotels are just not pleasant people to be around. I rarely have trouble with the staff in a hotel and this Doubletree was no exception. Treat people with respect and you get treated with respect.The location at 51st and Lexington is a great mid town location. For the price in New York City ($180 per night on Hilton website), this is a very good hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good value for money	I was very anxious about staying here after reading all the comments on tripadvisor. As I was travelling with a bunch of girlfriends from Ireland, who had selected this hotel and paid in full up front with Expedia. On first arrival, the receptionist was not the most friendliest person in the world but did however upgrade my room to a larger one for no extra cost. During my stay all the staff were very friendly and the concierge’s recommendations were excellent. The room decor was a little tired but the bed was comfortable and clean. The room had a flat screen TV. I stayed on the 3rd floor, my friends were all on different floors and we all agreed it could be a little noisy both in the corridors and from the street. I think value for money and the location I would stay here again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Recommended	We bought a package deal which included this hotel for a very good value. Being a package deal, I wasn't expecting much - so it was a pleasant surprise to find a hotel with friendly staff and adequate facilities. We were in the 9th floor facing 51th St., and it was a bit noisy, especially the fire station in the next block.It was not noisy enough to trouble us - we slept fine, and the bed was very good. The room was not huge but accommodated two persons with two large pieces of luggage. Room was clean and well maintained, being serviced every day. My only complaint was the cost of WiFi in the room, although there was free access at the lobby. The checkout process was a breeze - no time at all. I would certainly stay here again !	
Jun 17 2009 	Do not stay here!	From June 6 through June 8, 2009, I stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel in New York, New York. After booking my hotel fare through Priceline, I called the hotel to make a few requests for my two hotel rooms. I asked the reservation attendant if she would include in my reservations that, if possible, I would like two rooms with double beds, views of New York (as this was my first visit to the city), and early check-in. She explained that she could not guarantee any of these requests, but that these types of requests can usually be accomodated. When my traveling companions and I arrived to the hotel on June 6, we were told that the rooms were not ready and that there were no double-bed rooms available. I expressed my disappointment to the front desk attendant, and explained that we had two males and two females in our party (non-couples) that would not feel comfortable sharing a bed. She offered us two cots for the two rooms, for $50 per cot, per night. This would be an additional $200 for our stay. When I asked why the cots were so much more, the front desk clerk merely shrugged her shoulders and did not reply. At this point, I felt that she was being rude, and asked if I could speak to the manager. When the manager came over, he seemed immediately confrontational and hostile. I wanted to tell him that I understood the hotel’s side, but felt upset that I would be charged so much more to keep my companions comfortable. Instead he kept repeating “what do you want me to do about it?” So, I suggested a discounted rate for the cots. He said that he would ask housekeeping if he could discount the rate, but that he wasn’t going to make any promises. At this point, other guests were watching our interaction and I was becoming embarrassed by his demeanor. So, I said that would be fine, and that I would come back in two hours to see if my rooms were ready. When I returned, only one room was ready so all four of us went up to the single room to change for dinner. When we returned from dinner, the desk attendants had switched shifts and we were helped by a different clerk. He told us that there was a double bed available for the second room, which he gave us. On the last day, as I checked out, I asked the clerk if there were any additional charges for the room. She told me that there was an $8 fee for the mini-bar, for an item that I did not purchase. I explained that I did not purchase an item, and she gave me a disbelieving stare. She said that she was going to send someone up to check the mini-bar in the room, to confirm that nothing was missing. I told her that would be fine. She then took the keys from me, told me that she took the charge off the bill, and waived her hand to dismiss me. At this point, I requested a complimentary cookie, because I had not received one during any of my check-ins. She handed me one bag, and then waived her hand a second time to dismiss me.Although I fully understand that my requests were not guaranteed, I don’t feel that I received the customer service that I have come to expect from the Hilton brand. I also found it very disrespectful that during my interactions with the hotel staff, I had the clerks iterate to me (and the manager during the initial confrontation) that I was a “Priceline customer,” as if this had a decidedly negative connotation. Beyond this lack of service, the hotel also had some amenity issues. The first room was directly adjacent to the Fire Department and did not have a cot. The second room also did not have a cot, and smelled like smoke (even though it was on a non-smoking floor). The first bathroom smelled like mildew and the sink would spray water everywhere. The other bathroom had a screw where the handle for the shower faucet should have been. Lastly, when we tried to call for the much-advertised “breakfast, lunch, dinner” room service, we were told that they were not open from 11am until 6pm. Based on the last encounter with management, I chose not to complain in person again, but instead filled out the survey that was left in the room. I dropped the survey off on the morning of my second day, and included my name, address, phone number, and hotel rooms on the card. However, I was never contacted regarding my concerns. Also, the cot situation was never followed up, and it wasn’t until the last day that I was sure I wouldn’t be charged for them.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Location and good value	The Doubletree Metropolitan is ideally located. We bought a $25 7 day unlimited metro card and got about $75 dollars worth of travel and we felt safe at all times. We pre-booked a room on the 16th to 18th floor and ended up on the 16th floor and had no complaints with the room or bathroom and no issues with noise.	
Jun 4 2009 	Small rooms and bathroom was dirty	This hotel is not up to Doubeltree standards. It must be one of the most rundown ones in the network. It is average at best, stay here for the location only not the rooms.The bathtub looked like it was on its 2nd life and needed to be replaced.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Location	The Doubletree Metropolitan is ideally located for sightseeing. We walked almost everywhere and we felt safe at all times. The cookies that we receieved on arrival were delicious! The hotel lobby and bar are both modern and there were lots of staff available to help if it was required. No complaints with the room or bathroom and no issues with noise. For a central hotel in Manhattan, it represents value for money.	
May 27 2009 	If service and soundproofing are what you are looking for turn away now	I stayed in this hotel for six nights over new years with my girlfriend for her birthday. I had a limousine booked from the airport to the hotel with birthday ballons and everything inside. It was a perfect start to what was supposed to be a romantic getaway.All that ended when we walked in the door of the hotel. On check in we paid cash as we had gotten an excellent exchange rate. Front desk staff did not welcome us, grabbed the money of us and took an extra $300 of us as a security deposit. When I asked why I couldn't use my credit card for that, he would not answer. This meant that we did not have the money for Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. He then threw the cookies down on the desk and broke. The worst thing about this experience was that he ruined the suprise I had for my girlfriend in the room (strawberries and chocolate sauce)The room was very big with large but not too comfortable bed on 14th floor. Location of the hotel was great. Just beside the subway stop. On the first day I rang for extra blankets. These didn't arrive by the next day so on the way out of the hotel to go sightseeing I mentioned it to one of the staff on front desk (Jacinta) She was not helpful at all and quite rude. I was very taken aback by her attitude. She shouted after me as I walked away. When I came back I complained to a supervisor who was very apologetic and said she would sort everything out. That never happenedThoroughly disatisfied, I rang the General Manager who was on holidays, great! I spent three days trying to reach a manager and then on the last night Miguel rang the room and asked what the trouble was. He was very understanding and apologetic and of all the staff that we dealt with, was the only one to actually care about our experience in the hotel. He apologised in person to my girlfriend about the ruined surprise and came to a very generous arrangement with us.This hotel is great for getting around the city for shopping and sight seeing. The rooms were good and the cleaner that we had was very nice and polite.Front Desk staff let this hotel down very badly and we will not be staying in it again. P.S. If you happen to have kids, I hope you are lucky enough to not get a room beside a couple that smoke and who like to stay up late in a loud manner. You will be able to hear everything....to the last detail.	
May 18 2009 	Good Location- easy acess to subway but nothing special	This seems to be a busy place so no time for a smile or a friendly welcome here . As is often the case for Honors members there was confusion at check in about my &quot;if available&quot;room upgrade- at check in I was told I was upgraded. After seeing my small allocated room I spoke to another girl at the front desk who advised that I was placed in the wrong room (it was not an upgrade from what I had booked) , given the wrong breakfast voucher etc. The changeover (to a larger room) was apologetic and graceful but a bungle nevertheless -my overall experience with upgrades at Hilton is query everthing! I was on a high floor at the rear facing another building but it was very quiet and comfortable. I had a voucher for a full breakfast in the restaurant and it was standard Doubletree fare. I also saw the Honors floor continental breakfast- very basic, disposable plates- designed for a fast on the run experience.Location is good- you can get around on the subway and their are lots of non touristy places to eat if you walk to 2nd Avenue.Nice flat screen television ,updated room decor. Free wireless in the lobby	
May 15 2009 	Value for money excellently situated.	We recently stayed in this hotel which was well situated for the subway and plenty of attractions within walking distance. After reading some of the reviews I was expecting the worst, instead the hotel was pleasantly decorated, clean in all areas and the staff were helpful. We found the bar area to be comfortable and the staff attentive and cheerful. The only complaint we had was the inconsiderate people who were so noisy, clashing there bedroom doors until the early hours of the morning. We had a room on the second floor upgraded from a queen size bed to a king. We were situated along the side road which meant we didnt hear the traffic noise. We experienced a big difference in temperatures during our stay 16c on arrival peeking at over 30c by the third day and have got to say the heating/air con worked extremely well. Did not eat in the hotel so cant comment on the food. All in all this was a very comfortable hotel which was what I would expect from a 3* hotel, the beds were very comfortable	
May 11 2009 	great location...awesome beds!	Started here, went to Tribeca Hilton Garden Inn...and came back to this hotel because we preferred it. Excellent staff, did not get the breakfast option on our return and found two great breakfast places over on 3rd...Morning Star and another just a few doors down. Rooms are quiet, beds so comfortable, subway right there, one of our rooms had a bigger bath than the other, but no complaints! Oh, coffee in the room would be nice to get your day going. Internet is only free in lobby which seems silly	
May 11 2009	NYC trip - Stayed at Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel New York City	Everything was good except tht the room did not have a refregirator to keep the beer chilled :-)	
May 5 2009 	First visit to New york - good base to work from	Overall, the experience of Doubletrees was satisfactory. Nothing special but acceptable.The room was small &amp; clean with a queen bed. We were there to see New york so the room facilities were OK as we were out early and back late. We were on the 5th floor and the side of the hotel we were on faced a sky scraper so we had to look &quot;straight up&quot; to see if it was sunny or cloudy.The hotel was well placed to get about. Situated in uptown Manhattan the hotel was right next to the Metro and 2-3 blocks away from 5th &amp; Maddison Ave. The edge of central park was a 10 minute walk. Be prepared to walk. Comfortable shoes a must. Dont have breakfast in the hotel. Right next door from main entrance is a diner(cant place the name) that serve breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. Good fresh food at decent prices even at $1.45 to the pound.New york was fantastic. New York in Jan is cold but the queues for the attractions were small. Generally people in the street were very friendly when asking directions or assistance. We found that staff in diners, bars &amp; restaurants were chatty &amp; helpful &amp; gave a good service but we found shop assistants in most shops going through the motions. But the worst were staff on the metro and at the port authority bus station. - public employees.They were either asleep or prentending to be or reading magazines or papers. Trying to get help was like pulling teeth. All these guys need retraining	
Apr 22 2009 	Perfect location and big room	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and this being my 4th time to NY it was the best room for money rate I have encountered so far. The location is perfect to see the Rock and have a short trip down to the Times Square and up to the Central Park. The subway lines directly at hand make for fast and easy travel within Manhattan. The check in was fast and friendly and the concierge helpful in all matters. But the place this hotel stood out was the room. We had a kingsize bed and the room was spacious, quiet and perfectly clean. Especially the size came a bit as a positive surprise. All in all I can easily recommend this hotel for eople who want to have a nice stay in Manhatten which is not too costly. We did not eat in the hotel, just around the corner you have amini market with lots of offerings and genrally NY is so full of nice places to eat I hardly eat in the hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	average hotel but good location	This hotel is fine if you are just looking for basic accomadations near the subway. As someone who lived in the city, the rooms are what would be expected in nyc..small, a little street noise and a view of other apartments and roofs. The rooms were clean, the bed comfortable, a nice flat screen tv and good bath products. I only paid $125.00 through priceline so I was happy with this hotel. If you are looking for that special hotel for your vacation, you may be disapointed but if you just need a place to sleep while you explore this great city and get a good price it will be fine.My only complaint would be with the maids not knocking before they tried to enter to clean very early in the morning..make sure to use the door chain.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Location	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of March 2009. We got an excellent rate for this hotel through hotelpaths so we booked it. We did read some of the other reviews of this hotel so we decided to be prepared for the worse. We had a short wait before we checked in but the front desk was staffed by 4 other people. We were given our room keys and warm cookies. We got to our room, opened the door and there was another guest already in there. She said she had just checked in shortly before us so she rang the front desk and got little satisfaction so we had to return to reception only to have to wait in line again for someone to help us. After a 7 hour flight we could have done without this. When we finally approached the girl at reception and told her our predicament I expected her reaction to me more apologetic. It seems that weren't the only guests with this same problem. We got our new room keys and when we got into the room we checked for the bed bugs that were mentioned in previous Trip Advisor reviews but were glad to see no sign of them! The room was clean. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean and had a great shower and we supplied with nice toiletries. This hotel is in an excellent location only 10 mins walk to Times Square. There is a subway next to the hotel which we only used one because everything is in walking distance. They have luggage storage facilities at $2 per bag.	
Apr 15 2009 	GOOD TIMES	I read the reveiws before going and so i wasn't expecting much from the Doubletree but you don't spend much time in your hotel in NY anyway. I was so please with what i did get. We checked in to be told that we'd been up graded and given some cookies which after a 7 hour flight and 20min taxi ride was good. The room was big, which i didn't think you got in Manhattan and clean with a very comfy king size bed, with a 40&quot; HD TV, the only down side was there were no tea/coffee making facility. The staff were helpfull when need which wasn't often, i did have a query over the minibar bill, i didn't use it but had some iteams billed for, but once pointed out to the staff they took them of the bill no questions asked.The location is very good, especially if your flying from JFK as the metro on 53rd runs just 2 blocks up from the hotel, also the metro on 51st which is outside the hotel will get up and down Manhattan. Having said that alot of the attractions are with in walking distance.I would stay here again it's not the Plaza but if all you want is a nice room, comfy bed in a good location the Doubletree is a good chocie (for the money)	
Apr 13 2009 	I would not stay here again	I picked this particular hotel as it was recommended by a colleague from work.We arrived late in the evening and there was only one staff at reception. We were checked in quickly and went to our rooms. The negative comments about my room was that there were no tea/ coffee making facilities and the paint in the bathroom was peeling off the ceiling.The worst experience of this hotel was with one of the desk staff on the day of check out. I received a room statement for my room although it was addressed to my room the hotel confirmation was not the same as my hotel confirmation number (from my expedia booking) and i was shocked to see that there were so many charges for the mini bar that i went downstairs to reception to explain that there was a mistake as I hadn't used the mini bar at all and that i had been charged for someone elses use. When i went to reception i spoke to Marlyn who asked me if i was checking out i said i would be checking out later on in the morning she said she would deal with it then.At 11.30am my family and i went to check out it wasnt busy in reception and it was Marlyn i spoke to again about the room statement. Her attitude was really poor, she wasn't interested in helping me resolve my problem she asked me if i had moved items around in the mini bar as there was a sensor in there i said no. She did not confirm whether or not these items would be charged to my VISA Card but she told me to ring back in the next few days to check my account or to check my own credit card statement. I felt like i was being dismissed i was getting nowhere with my problem all i could do was to take down the desk clerks name and the time that i checked out. Talking to Marlyn took less than 10 mins - not great customer service. I left the hotel feeling very angry, and worried that i would have to ring my credit card company over the next few days.Next time i visit New York i will not be staying again at this particular hotel.Location wise this hotel was right next to the 51st Number 6 Metro line which was very convenient to visit all the major sites.	
Apr 8 2009 	Everything we needed!	My wife and I booked into this hotel for 4 nights to celebrate our first Wedding Anniversary last weekend. We were concerned when we read some of the comments but in our opinion they could not be further form the truth.This hotel has a fantastic location, right at the Metro station from JFK and is decorated in a modern and fresh style. We booked a Standard Queen room and were given a Standard King on arrival. The room had absolutely everything needed including an enormous HD TV! Bathroom nice and clean with good quality toiletries. The bed was excellent and room of a good standard.We chose not to eat in the Hotel as absolutely everything you need is within 15 minutes walk in any direction! You have shopping, dining, drinking and all the sights within a short stroll.One piece of advice is to bring earplugs as it can be quite noisy outside - it is NYC after all and not the fault of the HOtel.I would not hesitate in staying here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great great location!	My husband and I have been to NYC a couple of times over the last year, and this hotel was definitely in the best location! There are tons of shops and places to eat within walking distance of the hotel, and Rockefeller Center was so close we could stop by every night to see what was going on. There is also a subway station right next to the hotel to get you where you need to go.The rooms were pretty standard, clean with nice linens and comfortable bed. We liked the free HBO on the flat screen tv. The elevators in this hotel were great! We never had to wait for the elevator, and the hotel was pretty full when we were there.I recommend Sunday brunch at HK in Hell's Kitchen, so delicious!So, overall, I definitely recommend this hotel!	
Mar 23 2009 	Good Hotel	We enjoy our stay at the hotel, the staff is very plesant and have a &quot;can do&quot; atitude like they like to say. The location couldn't be better: you have the 51st metro station right at the hotel exit and you can just walk to several places of interest, like the Rockfeller center or Grand Central. We just had a problem on the first night: they were cleaning the room next to ours on midnight. But we spoked we the reception and never again we hear the same.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location average hotel	Overall this is a perfectly acceptable hotel in a great location right at the heart of midtown Manhattan. With a subway stop literally outside the door it provides an ideal base for exploring the Big Apple.Unfortunately the decor of the hotel is bland and the rooms basic with perhaps the smallest bathroom I've ever stayed in! Our supposedly &quot;deluxe&quot; room on the 17th floor was really far from deluxe but it was clean and was fine for all the time we spent in it. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Breakfast (which was included in our rate) was a welcome bonus. If you can get a good rate for this hotel it's probably worth taking but there are certainly nicer hotels in the area if you're prepared to spend a bit more.	
Mar 16 2009 	An Average City Hotel	Stayed here mid-February 09 for a city break in New York. Firstly the location of this hotel is very, very good. Easily accessible by subway as 51 St/Lexington Ave station (which is served by the E Train which runs to/from JFK Airport) is right outside the main entrance. It's also walking distance from The Rockefeller Center and only a little further to Times Square and Broadway.The reception area of the hotel is attractive and modern, and the reception staff were friendly and efficient in checking us in and out. The signature DoubleTree welcome cookies were an extra treat and very tasty (still warm too)! We were allocated a standard twin room on the sixth floor. The room was an average size for a city hotel and was functional but a little tired in places. Whilst all the surfaces were very clean, it was evident that the furniture was quite worn. There was also some evidence of dampness in some patches on the ceiling by peeling paint, particularly in the bathroom. A picture above one of the beds in the room also had some very minor graffiti written in biro on it. Another minor issue is that whilst we didn't have a problem with traffic noise (our room looked over a quiet side-street), noise does travel inside the building, particularly through the walls from guests in neighbouring rooms or walking past in the corridor.Despite these 'niggles' though, the beds were very comfortable with clean bed linen and nice soft pillows. A review here reports bed-bugs but we never found any during the four nights we stayed there. The bathroom and towels were also clean. The temperature and water pressure in the shower is just right too! The large HD TV in the room was a great bonus, with a reasonable selection of channels. Also liked the 'View on Demand' feature where you could 'rent' movies using the on-screen menus. Only other thing that would have been nice in the room was tea/coffee making facilities, rather than having to go to the cafe outside the hotel to buy it. One other minor complaint was that house-keeping weren't very consistant in their timings. They came every day, but one day our room wasn't serviced until gone 8pm in the evening.Whilst we didn't have dinner in the hotel restaurant, we found that the breakfast buffet was expensive and so only used it on our first morning. However this wasn't a problem, as New York is full of small coffee shops and cafes that serve very nice breakfasts, so you only have to go for a little walk to find something.Lastly, the hotel Concierge were extremely helpful in organising some great activities and entertainment during our stay in New York.So overall I recommend the DoubleTree Metropolitan for business travellers and the tourist who like to go out and explore most of the time who's just looking for a place to sleep. If you like a bit of luxury, this probably isn't for you. It's in a great location and is clean and comfortable. Just needs a lick of paint here and there.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Location - Good Hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights in early March 09. The location is excellent for sightseeing and business. There is a cafeteria next door which is good and adequante. The subway station is almost exactly at the doorstep of the hotel (corner of Lexington Av and 51st Street). Reception staff are efficient and pleasant by NY standards. Internet is free in the lobby and charged at $13.95 per day in the room (broadband cable there is very fast).Rates are quite good at $149 + taxes per night.Rooms were of a fair size for Manhattan. Good clean desk, and a decent bathroom, a large HD LCD screen and plenty of cable channels to choose from.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation to the business traveller who is budget conscious and to a leisure traveller in NY for a good time.	
Mar 13 2009 	Older Hotel Great Location	I stayed one night here in March 2009. I had gotten a very good deal ($100) through priceline. Based on that, the hotel was absolutely fine. It is older, shows its wear, but has a great location. The staff were all pleasant. Bag storage is, to me, a totally reasonable $1 per bag. The room was small, but comfortable and well engineered. Some of the electrical outlets were of an older style and didn't hold onto the plug of my iPhone charger very well. The TV is an HD model and nice. I was on the alley side of the building and thus it was pretty quiet. The AC didn't seem to be on yet, and I had to sleep with the window cracked for it to be cool enough.I had been concerned about bedbugs, because of a recent tripadvisor review. I did a thorough bedbug check upon my arrival to my room on the 5th floor and there were no bedbugs or signs of bedbugs.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Location 	My partner and I stayed in the Doubletree Metro hotel at the beginning of January, the rooms were spacious and clean the location was great only a couple of blocks to the Rockefeller Center. The only thing that spoilt it for me was one of the reception staff, she was quite rude and obnoxious. Apart from that the hotel and location are wonderful and highly recommended.	
Mar 9 2009 	A slightly better then average hotel great location.	I arrived earlier then the 3pm check in and was able to get into a room early. The friendly counter lady moved me from a room on the 2nd floor that faces the noisy street to one on the 7th that faces a quiet alley. I went upstairs and ate my delicious warm signature welcome cookie. The room was nice enough. Clean and well situated. I noticed that the chain lock plate on my door was installed backwards, ie. ineffective (ineffective when installed correctly too). Unfortunately, there was this tumbling, knocking noise that seemed to be from the room next door (but wasn't) that began at about 8am and ended at midnight each day. Laundry chute? You will hear every whisper/drunken rant from the hallway. Some guests feel the need to talk loudly at 3am. Uh. The door also lets in quite a bit of light when closed so plan to use some extra towels if you want a good nights sleep. Even then the rooms are too bright IMO.This hotel has been renovated but it still shows it's age in its doors, beds and some carpeted areas. The beds are lumpy but soft and they are the type that you can &quot;sink into&quot;, which I like. If you like firm, go somewhere else. There are no blankets so turn up your heat on cold nights. Beware the minibar. It actually has a first aid kit for $8! BYOB, bring your own band aids! The shower was hot and had great water pressure. Plenty of towels and good quality freebies (shampoo, soup, etc.). The toilets have a rocket powered, loud flush. The toilet paper is very cheap, one ply. The sink is powerful and you will get water all over until you get the hang of it. The closet is large and had enough wooden hangers for two people, also a safe that I didn't use. Their is a charge for net access from your room but wifi is free in the lobby. Every hour of everyday, you'll find folks with their laptops in the lobby, clicking away.The decor is modern but not overly so. Better then average hotel art adorns the walls. The palette of the rooms and hallways are nice on the eyes.The tv does not give you listings, only channels (We, MTV, etc). To find out what is actually on, you have to flip using the worn remote. I had to mash the buttons to get it to work well. Lots of news (loud talking head) channels.I did not eat at the hotel. I did notice that the bar is fairly busy in the evenings (you have to walk by it to get to the elevators).The location is right at the 51st street subway exit. A very good and convenient location for midtown travelers. The restaurants around this area are overpriced however, bring a good guide book, check the local websites and find other eateries elsewhere (west 50's is a good spot). The exception is Ess-a-bagel which is right around the corner. You must go there and enjoy their large, yummy bagels. The doormen are quick for their tips. The hotel will store your luggage for free when you arrive (which I didn't have to do but had inquired about before traveling) but they charge you $1 per bag to store and then $1 per bag to retrieve once you check out. Talk about nickel and diming you. When no one was available to retrieve our bags from the unsecured room, we got them ourselves. I noticed a bellhop began a mini-sprint to us once he saw us exit with our bags. He stopped short realizing he had missed his chance for $2. You should tip a min. $1 per bag, per handling and I certainly tip but an outright fee is silly. The fee could be due to cheapskate who don't tip. First rule of traveling/eating out, if you can't afford a tip, don't go out.This is a good hotel for those who get out of their room and explore, getting so much exercise that they can sleep through the noise. That is fairly general for all midtown NYC hotels... if you aren't accustomed to urban noise at night. If you are looking for an upscale place, this isn't it. If you like to hang out in your room and luxuriate, this isn't it. Doubletree Metropolitan is just above average in my opinion and has its pros and cons. I had a nice stay and would consider them again for the right price.	
Mar 2 2009 	Stay here if you like to sleep with bed bugs	I am originally from Southern CA, but currently live in Texas, where most people are genuinely a little nicer. When I checked into my hotel, I disregarded the girl at the front desk's (Tina) unfriendly welcome as just the &quot;NYC attitude&quot; when she slammed down 2 bags of warm DoubleTree cookies on the counter. I shrugged it off because I was here on vacation, and nothing was going to spoil my optimism to explore this great city.Upon entering, the room was a bit smaller than expected from the pictures online. Again, I overlooked this inconvenience as another NYC characteristic. I noticed automatically that the sink and bathroom countertops were not clean. After several attempts to connect to the internet, which is $13.95/day for wifi service that is slower than dial-up, my room was charged every time I signed on regardless of the daily rate. The hotel said it was a &quot;system glitch.&quot;I stayed for a total of 3 nights. On the 2nd morning, I found one small bug on my pillow. I thought, &quot;Hmm, maybe it's just a random bug that got lost.&quot; The next morning, my friend and I found 4 more bugs that were significantly larger than the one from the day before. They were roaming on the bed, underneath the covers. The manager of the hotel said it's a big problem for NYC, and it happens everywhere. The Director of Operations blamed it on the European tourists. They shrugged it off like it was not a big deal, but I'd like to see them roll around with a bunch of bed bugs for a few nights.I had higher standards for a DoubleTree hotel. Don't stay here unless you want the bed bugs to bite.The only pro was that it was convenient to catch the subway on Lexington. There are plenty of other hotels along Lexington to accommodate this need.	
Mar 2 2009 	Not Great by any means	The lobby and hotel exterior are what you'd expect from a Hilton, the room itself was very poor. The first room we were given was on the first floor and was mouldy, damp and smelt musty, it also looked like it hadn't been decorated for a few decades and I was pretty unhappy. I asked for a switch on the basis of the damp and was switched to a room on the executive floor (17th) by helpful and pleasant staff. This room was exactly the same in layout, size and decor and far from execituve but this time clean and with a slightly bigger bed. I was just happy I didnt have to put up with damp/mould. We decided to live with its average offerings but then got frustrated that you could hear everything from your neighbouring rooms including their wake up calls. I would avoid this hotel at all costs unless the quality of room or noise is not important. On a plus side the staff and location were spot on.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good location; adequate hotel	Typical overpriced New York hotel; smaller room than expected, but location was very good with nearby subway and easy walking to many, many sights. Would not necessarily stay here again, but would consider if price was right.The staff was very friendly and helpful, both at front desk and in restaurant. Restaurant has reduced hours, so beware. Not open very early, and even then opened 20 minutes late one day. Room service horribly overpriced with all add on fees. Restaurant buffet breakfast (which was included in our hotel price) was excellent in quality and ample. Only problem was trying to charge young teens $25 each for joining in. This was resolved with front desk offering more vouchers and restaurant insisting that only two vouchers per room was permissable!Room was very clean but bathroom was sadly deteriorating: broken toilet seat, leaky faucet, mildewed shower curtain, peeling paint, broken seat drain, broken door lock, chipped tub, etc. Clean, but shabby.Lobby is a joke—a clash of styles so it has absolutely NO charm, but who cares? We didn't entertain there, and it was humorous. Great TV in room (although seldom used). Nice soaps and shampoos. Expensive mini-bar (with no price list and a warning not to use mini-fridge for personal items!) and no coffee maker in room. Quiet (we were on side away from fire station). Very comfortable bed. Wonderful chocolate chip cookie when we arrived. Concierge a bit snooty, but helpful.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Location	We stayed over the Christmas period with our two teenage children 16 and 18.We had 2 rooms, the rooms were tidy and comfortable with nice bathrooms.The location was great within walking distance to 5th Avenue and Broadway.The only down side was the inadequate lobby space, we were part of a bigger group and the lobby was so small that it got very crowded when waiting to meet up.	
Feb 18 2009 	Good	Excellent location right next to subway and Metro Deli. Nice staff, adequate room, good comfortable bed. Coffee maker in room would have been nice. The big negative was the bathroom - musty, moldy smell and cheap, thin plastic toilet seat. Evidently some attempt had been made to redo the bathroom areas because there was lovely tile which was in direct contrast to the peeling and chipped paint and a door that had obviously been recylcled. The sink area is separate, also new and 'trendy' - but with NO towel rail or hook and nowhere to set makeup, toiletries, toothbrush etc. Our room was on the 3rd floor on the corner and while street noise was obvious it didn't bother us. Some may find it too noisy.	
Feb 17 2009 	OK but don't expect too much	Stayed for 1 night. Not the cleanest place, although the filth isn't that which would deter such a quick stay-- the lobby, for one, needs improvements to the dinged up, worn and dirty furniture. The room was seemed cleaner than the lobby by far, and was OK on comfort but nothing exceptional... definitely only what the price tag of the stay reflects: bed sheets feel cheap and scratchy, but pillows were decent. Horribly busy firehouse across the street from the even-numbered rooms, and the there was only an option for heat &amp; no fan setting on the thermostat- which meant we had to sleep with the noise of the firehouse from a cracked window in order to avoid sweating to death. Staff friendly, although a simple concern was transfered on the telephone *seven* times. They also try to rip your bill for the MiniBar- I accidentally nudged the sensor-protected shelf of goodies with my hand and the next day had $18.oo worth of charges for food/drink not consumed- they took care of this, though not very willingly. Internet access in room wouldn't work.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good location for shopping/sights	Stayed here with my partner 24th - 28th Jan 09, prompt check-in and free warm cookies from reception, 4 lifts available up to the floors, initially we were upgraded to a King Size room on the 2nd floor, it was on the corner of Lexington Avenue and 51st Street, the room appeared great until we went to bed and realised that the sheets and bedding were from the previous guest. I phoned down to reception and spoke with the manager who promptly sent the head of house keeping up to our room and also arranged for us to be relocated to another room which was on the 16th floor; again the room was spacious and clean (see pics). The bed was really big and comfortable, in the room there was an iron and ironing board, safe (free) hair dryer and large TV available. In the bathroom there are Neutrogena products (shampoo, condition, soap and moisturiser). Although a refrigerated mini bar and snack bar is available it is at a cost and if you move a product, you have between 15-30 seconds (depending on the settings) to replace it otherwise you'll be automatically charged.There is internet available in the room but it is pricey, to combat this if you go to reception and ask for internet access they will give you an access code and you can use the internet in reception and best of all it's free, ideal as I used it to confirm my flight back home and pick my seats.There is a gift shop within the hotel and a restaurant and bar which seemed busy every night we were there. The gym is location on the 2nd floor.A metro is located right next to the hotel. To walk to Times Square took us about 15-20 mins (depending on how cold it was) Rockefeller Centre was about 5-10 mins walk, 5th Avenue is about the same (for Tiffany’s, Louis Vuitton, Abercrombie etc).Overall good hotel and location, friendly staff and always helpful. Would I stay here again? Yes.	
Feb 7 2009 	Perfect stay great location	The Doubletree Metropolitan in New York, was everything we could have asked for. The service was great and the room was comfortable. Our luggage was lost on our flight over, so they made sure to supply our room with extra ammenities we lost on the plane (such as toothbrushes, deodorant, etc.). They even gave us two free drinks at the bar!The location was great and we were able to walk right int the heart of Times Square in just minutes. The room was modern and the flat screen TV was a bonus! I only have two complaints though. We did find some mold growing on the vents in the bathroom and the dinner at their restaurant was less than desirable. Despite this, I would still recommend staying at this hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great all the way around	My girlfriend and I went to New York City to see a play. I chose the Doubletree, first, for its proximity to the theater, and second, it received overall good reviews on Trip Advisor. We flew in to La Guardia $35 cab ride to the hotel. We had &quot;carry on&quot; size luggage so the bellman never even approached us - I prefer to deal with my own luggage. This trip was a rewards certificate from Hitlon Honors 80,000 points for two nights. Kathy M at the front desk was super nice and honored my request of a high floor (#1604). I'm just a traveling country boy so I thought the lobby looked nice, never crowded but it was Super Bowl Sunday. The Hotel Bar &quot;The Met&quot; was bad on so many levels. I went in one night and Abdul the bartender was so engrossed in TV he didn't notice me for several minutes. A Guinness and another beer was $13 + tip.. The decor in the bar was a hodge podge of a 70's flea market.. It seemed dirty lots of food crumbs on the floor and hardly any customers. The Staff from the maid to an Assistant Manager were friendly - I was shocked that the maids in the hall went out of their way to greet you. My one issue was in my opinion being lied to or at least misled by a female Concierge. Upon arrival we asked about going to the Statue of Liberty she tried to dissuade me by saying it would be too crowded on the normal ferries. She was much too quick in whipping out a private cruise boat and trying to get me on their cruise. I opted to go to Battery Park and check it out for myself -no lines quick to get tickets, quick to get on the ferry and off we went. The rooms are small but functional, the beds were great and did not get too much street noise. theres is no coffee service in the room. As Hilton Honor members we got a certificate to go to the 17th floor for breakfast. It was nice mainly carbohydrate type breakfast, muffins, fruit, cereals, etc. Sunday morning that was closed and the front desk gave us vouchers to eat in the restaurant. Those guys were amazing the way they moved people around all with a good sense of humor - it was a complete hot breakfast.Pros: Nice location, friendly staff, great bedsCons: Concierge misleading us; hotel bar is nastyI'd stay here again	
Feb 5 2009 	NYC2009	After checking previous reviews, I was a bit worried about the room condition, but when I actually checked in on 1/25, all my concerns vanished. The room was tiny (we stayed for only one night, so it did not bother us) but clean. The furniture also looked very new and pleasant (I guess some guests were unlucky to get non- renovated rooms, so they felt the rooms were worn). The bed was comfortable, and the shower and everything else in the room functioned properly. Besides, there were several lamps in the room, so it was very bright, which was really a plus. We chose this hotel because of the good location and the cheap price, and we did not have anything to complain about.	
Jan 29 2009 	Bait and Switch! I Won't Be Back!	While the exterior and lobby suggest a spiffy new image from this hotel, it's more like a classic bait and switch scam.While this hotel previousl offered a full array of services, they no longer even offer room service available during the day. Can't even get a pot of coffee sent up to your room! And the restaurant is also open every now and then.When I called to complain, the general manager never returned my call. When I again called to discuss the issue, the manager on duty explained to me with great sarchasm that &quot;life is full of disappointments.&quot;I won't be back and suggest that there are many, many superior hotels in New York within this price range.	
Jan 29 2009 	Good location amenities reasonable price	Have stayed here several times before, and it's gotten better. Rooms are updated if a little smallish (but typical of Manhattan), with a giant flat screen HDTV, comfortable bed, clean bathroom. Excellent location in midtown. Good place for breakfast right next door. Staff is pleasant. Free wifi in lobby, $14 in rooms (the nickel and diming of which I detest). No coffee maker in rooms, but a minibar if you want to pay the prices. Otherwise, not a bad choice and you do get a chocolate chip cookie upon check-in as is Doubletree's promise.	
Jan 29 2009	Bed Bugs Abound!	My wife and I stayed in room 806 of the DoubleTree Metropolitan Jan 23-Jan 26.Both of us were bitten several times. We told the hotel, and they said they sent their head of Housekeeping to check our claim, and they told us they found no bed bugs. They also said they called in an exterminator, and they found nothing either.There is no other possible way we could have been bitten outside the hotel room. It never really got above freezing outside, so we couldn't have picked them up in Central Park. I doubt we picked them up from the subway, or from a cab or theater.	
Jan 29 2009 	There are better hotels in New York	This must be one off the bad Doubletree Hotels, The rooms are very small and stuffy, The bathroom is tiny, the sink is in the bedroom rather than the bathroom, No tea/Coffee maker due to the fact &quot; the guests keep stealing them so they have taken them out&quot; quote from the front desk. The careline staff are great and very customer focused, the front desk staff are ok with the exception of a few who should not be in the service industry! lack of interest and rude.Breakfast is not great and you will get better in he deli next door for half the price, Mostly dried up and greasy left in dishes too long.Lots of managers around but no one seems to take charge and hence very bad are getting checked in and out. If you get a good deal you can put up with the faults, but they would need to make big changes as there are much much better hotels for the same value.	
Jan 26 2009 	Enjoyable	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in January. We were upgraded to a king room, which was greatly appreciated! I had no complaints about the room, it was cleaned thoroughly every day, sheets changed as often as you wanted. The bed was extremely comfortable, and there was a nice big tv (not that you're going to be watching too much tv when you're in New York!!) We were on the 15th floor, and yes, there was a fire station across the road which could be quite noisy - but really not a big deal! We never had to wait long for the lifts, and they moved quite fast, so again no complaints there.Most of the staff were very friendly and we found the concierge very helpful. The location was great - 5th Avenue, Times Sq. Rockerfeller, Central Park, St. Patrick's all within easy walking distance - but the subway is extremely convenient (right outside the door) very easy to use, and very reasonable...try to get a map early on, and familiarise yourself with it!The only real complaints that I had about the hotel were that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room (or even in the lobby), after a long day of sightseeing, it would have been very welcome. My other complaint is that if you wanted to store your luggage, not only did you have to pay a dollar to leave each bag in - you had to pay another dollar to take each bag out!! Why did they not just charge $2 per bag??? This to me was a matter of principle, after staying 5 nights at the hotel, I felt it was a bit cheeky!In all though - I had gotten a very good rate on the room, and felt that it was well worth what we paid, I would consider going back there if I'm lucky enough to get back to New York.	
Jan 20 2009 	Just a hotel after all.	Price wise is the chepest you can get for this class in the downtown core. Staff wise, they are friendly enough to upgrade me to a better room after my complain. is clean, the location is excellent, price is reasonable, it got everything with the exception of free wifi.Pros:- Reasonable Price for the area- excellent location (right next to 52nd st subway station)- friendly staffs (most of them)- room clean and tidyCons:- even on 14th floor (where my room was located), street traffic can be very loud, loud enough to affect sleeping quality. Police Station is right next to it, you can hear cops cars go by every hour.- I don't know who designed the doors, but whenever someone is closing the door, it creates a LOUD bang. very annoying.- if you're staying at the lower floors, rooms are very small. (but i wasn't)- lobby are often over crowded with people.- terrible restaurant they have.- lack of parking	
Jan 19 2009 	Dissapointed - Try another Hotel in NY	I just returned from a weekend stay at the Doubletree Metropolitan in NY. I am a Diamond member and stay in hotels over 150 nights a year. This is an outdated hotel in need of an upgrade. The staff was very rude. I asked for subways maps, directions to the airport, restaurant recommendations, etc on multiple occassions from different people and just got blank stares like &quot;How Dare You Ask For Help.&quot; I never once got a response to any of the questions. I called the front desk twice for assistance and both times before I could say anything they would transfer me without even knowing what I wanted. I have stayed at 5 other Hilton chain hotels in NY. All of them give Diamond members free hot meals and free internet. This place did neither. You got an English Muffin and had to pay $14/day for internet. On the positive side, the parking garage was nice. $30/day wasnt bad for the city, location is decent if you want to hit 5th ave shopping, very close to the subway (50 feet from the door), and the drinks at the bar were excellent.I give this place such a low rating mainly for the poor customer service and no benefits for Diamond members like other Hiltons in the City. If you have a choice, go Doubletree Suites Times Square.	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Location Comfortable room	On the corner of Lexington and 51st (a subway stop) this hotel is in a convenient spot. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our queen room on the 16th floor was at the back of the hotel and very quiet. The room was small but not as small as some we've stayed in New York. A new clean and comfortable bathroom and well appointed room helped to make our 7 night stay very plesant. Starbucks accross the street and 'es-a-bagal' around the block...Upon check out the front desk agent without argument removed the $36 charged to our room due to a faulty in room drink and snack bar.I would stay here again!	
Jan 17 2009 	Good Hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel from Dec 31st to Jan 6th, We originally only booked for three nights for over New Year, but because of the great location and price online at Opodo we extended our stay here.I would say that the whole hotel seemed nice, everything in our room was clean, the carpets werent worn and the bathroom area was in perfect condition. We had no problem what so ever with the lifts being slow at any time of the day. Staff were very helpful from checking in/out to giving information and directions on places we wanted to go. At the end of our stay we had a bill for the minibar for three items, when we had not even opened the fridge nevermind take things off the ultra-sensitive shelf, but the staff removed them off the bill without any fuss. Our room was also facing the fire and police station, but I think we only noticed the sirens maybe three times in our stay, no problem at all.When we extended our stay we changed rooms, we were allowed to stay in our room past check out time until the next room was ready which was before 3pm, and we were upgraded to and king size room for free which was just that bit bigger then the queen but it made a lot of difference, as the queen was ok, but a bit small with the suitcases in.I would say the one downside to our stay was being next to nosiy guests in the 1st room which was next to some very noisy teenagers who had no respect at all for the other guests, twice security was called to quieten them down, i personally think they should have been thrown out the 2nd time as they would come in around 4-5am shouting screaming down the corridors and in their room. It would seem the walls were a bit too thin.As i said, great location, only a walk away from times square, 5th avu etc, or just as easily get the subway as the station was right next door and you can get a day pass for only $7! bargain! We ate at Pax for breakfast which is just around the corner as they had breakfast specials which were cheap enough and good quality, but also try Ess a Bagel and Metro cafe next door for the sandwiches and salads.Overall, a good hotel in which i would stay again!	
Jan 11 2009 	A book's cover hides some imperfections	We stayed for 1 night in January. From the outside and public areas, the hotel looks quite gleaming. The lobby area has been redesigned from when I remember it 6 years ago. There's a modern feel to it. Staff very friendly. The location is great and there are many places to eat nearby. There is a subway station outside. Parking is at an adjacent lot for $30 with hotel stamp. The bad part is that you need to leave the car with the valet, so you need to move everything out of the car. The standard room was tiny. Adequate for a single traveller, but very cramped when there's a small kid. The TV and desks are new, but the bed and other furniture seem old. The carpets were quite dirty. Internet costs extra. Wireless was a bit spotty, but the ethernet worked well. All in all, not bad if you can handle a few imperfections.	
Jan 6 2009 	OK not great	Considering how mediocre this place is I'm a bit embarassed at having stayed here several times over the years through several incarnations (it used to be a Lowes hotel). The room was rather tired, with a lousy view of a/c units on the roof of an adjacent bldg. Somewhat crumbling mortar in bath adds to the feel. Nice location, a few blocks removed from Rockefeller Center and walking distance to some great restaurants (eg Rosa Mexicano). Concierge was helpful. Adjacent parking is $30/night with hotel discount, ok for the city. Unless I got a great price (like $150 or so) I'd proably stay in Beekman Towers a few blocks east.	
Jan 6 2009 	Overall good great location but a few glitches	I stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan on December 29 and 30th with my six year old son. We had stayed there in the past, but before it had become a Doubletree. Overall the stay was good. Here are the Pros; You cant beat the location. The hotel is just steps from Rockefeller Plaza and St Patricks and is within walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. The room was a good size, especially for NYC and the shower pressuer was great! The bed was very comfy, in room mini bar and gorgeous flat screen HD tv! All the staff was very friendly and helpful. Cons - No on site parking. The parking garage they've arranged with is within a half block, but is still a hassle to schlep your luggage. Also, when I went to pull in they told me the garage was full until I told them I was with the hotel and only staying one night. Bear in mind I was there just before New Years Eve and the town was packed already. When I did leave however, there were several scratches on my rear bumper. Of course I didnt notice until after I got home so check your car before you pull out!!!! Also, the lobby was very unimpressive and dungeon like. There was no room service until after 4 pm because they're doing renovations on their restaurants. There was no in room coffee. Also, the service in the on site restaurant was very slow. Overall, a good deal for NYC because our rate was $249 compared to most other hotels which were above $400. Definitely workable!!	
Jan 5 2009 	Small and noisy but good location.	I could have taken a shotgun to the broken fan that whirred constantly outside our window for our 3 night stay... That, mixed with the half-hourly mess of fire engine/ambulance noise that comes as part of the midtown Manhattan experience, meant that my stay here wasn't exactly relaxing.That said, the actual location is great - its a nice quiet place to get breakfast in the morning, with a view of the Chrysler building from the right angles, and 51st and Lexington Metro station literally next door, which was hugely convenient as it's the right line to get you to the Statue of Liberty... It's on the east of Midtown, so it's close to Rockefeller Centre, NY Public Library and about 7 blocks North East of Times Square.The room itself was a little bit bigger than average, but still felt cramped. It had a 40 inch HDTV which didnt work - we had to call an engineer - and a tiny bathroom.There's a &quot;Business Centre&quot; downstairs, accessible to all guests, that has 3 pcs charging a dollar for 5 minutes of internet (it accepts bills and cards), and 50p per printed page. The bar is dark and foreboding, but was always packed out with happy people so I suppose it cant be that bad.The cookies were superb here. Very good cookies. Didnt make up for the slightly po-faced staff though (the bellboy and TV engineer were nice, but the desk staff weren't).I'm giving this place 3 out of 5 because the central location and subway station. It's a good place because it's easy to travel to and from, but really - considering the price, and if it wasnt so conveniently located - this is a 2/5 hotel. Noisy, cramped, the TV was broken, and the staff weren't welcoming.	
Jan 2 2009 	Past It's Prime	We stayed for three nights starting Dec. 29, 2008 in room 832. The hotel is in a great location, but it is definitely past it's prime. The lobby and rooms are dingy, dirty and worn. The first notable mention would be the dust covering the surfaces through out the room especially the &quot;food mini-bar&quot;, which made it kind of gross. The whole room was old and thread bare with a broken mini fridge cabinet door, chipped furniture and tired looking grimy walls . The bathtub faucet leaked, the sink drain backed up brown water, the hot water disappeared one morning, the hall noise was unrelenting along with crashing sounds through the closet, and housekeeping showed up VERY late in the day (6 pm). We had looked at another room (#932) with hopes of finding a better choice, but that one too looked similar. The hotel needs major upgrades to keep it's Doubletree reputation. We were very disappointed in this hotel. The only redeeming quality was the Doubletree comfy king bed.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great choice!	Having to travel to New York on short notice to accompany my daughter for a job interview, I searched for an affordable hotel in the Midtown area. The Doubletree was a perfect deal and I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel upon arrival. The hotel, although not luxurious, is very comfortable and clean, the staff is very accommodating. The room was large and well appointed. My daughter loved her bed. To me the location of the hotel makes it my hotel of choice for future visits. Let me not forget to mention the warm, delicious chocolate chip cookies!	
Dec 30 2008 	Pleasant Clean Hotel!!	We stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan for two nights December 28-29, 2008. We checked in quickly and were pleased with our room (king size.) PROS: The bed is VERY comfy and the room is good size for NYC standards. The bathroom is rather small although the sink is outside the bathroom itself, which is a nice feature. The flat screen TV is HUGE and is great! There is a great floor to ceiling mirror in the room as well as a great big desk that is nice for storage. Elevators are extrememly fast and the conceirge is quite helpful. Subway is right outside the hotel and so are taxis.CONS: Be aware that there is a police station across the street so sirens are quite loud throughout the day (not bad at night.) Sleeping in or taking a quick afternoon cat nap is really not possible if you are a light sleeper. Also, bathrooms do not have fan blowers, which bothers some people. Walls are very thin and you can hear people passing in the hallways (turning air conditioning or heat on high definitely helps with the sirens and hallway noises.)RECOMMENDATIONS: Check out Pax which is a great breakfast spot. It is a block away- on 51st and 3rd- and has everything from bagels to yogurt/granola parfait to cereal to hot breakfasts. Upstairs, second floor seating is available for people watching or just enjoying the newspaper while overlooking the bustling NYC streets. Also, the Metro Cafe which is right next door to the hotel is great!! It has a salad bar, a pasta bar, and everything from quick bites to eat (like sandwiches and side dishes) to munchies (nuts, fruit salads, cookies, chips) to freshly made sandwiches and paninis. The prices aren't too bad (for NYC that is) and won't blow your budget. The Cornerstone restaurant is a great lunch spot down a few blocks from the hotel on 2nd Ave ( I think.) It is a fun little pub style place with a top notch lunch menu. Prices are great, too (for NYC.) Enjoy!	
Dec 28 2008 	Never Again	Reserved a double standard room 12/22/2008 --12/27/2008... Room #1041 was very small, in major need of repairs due to mold in bathroom grout in shower, broken tiles in shower, baseboard falling off, TV not useable for 2 days (major games missed)., heat in room not working. Front lobby hostess lied about TV problems. When asked at 11AM day 2, we were told it was still being worked on. When asked again at 2 PM she informed me that she had just come on duty and could not leave the lobby to check on problem. When informed that I had spoken to her 3 hrs earlier, she denied that she was there. TV was fixed by 5PM day 2 with no offer of adjustment on bill.This is our 5th stay at the Metropolitan and will be our last!!The housekeeping staff are the greatest..very polite and accomodating......For what they charge for rates...look at other places....This place is rated 3 star and deserves 1 1/2 at best...What happened?????	
Dec 27 2008 	The Perfect Hotel for Everyone!!	This hotel is simply fantastic! I have stayed here twice now and I am glad to say I have booked a third visit for next year! The staff are wonderful. We were greeted with a smile and made to feel very welcome in New York. We were even given warm fresh cookies!! Our room was immaculate, everything looked brand new! The room was spotless and very big! The bathroom was very modern and the shower divine! The flat screen TV had all the channels you would want (not that you will be watching much TV in New York!). The conceierge was very friendly and polite and had a huge knowledge of what to do and see! The location of the hotel is amazing! A short walk to Time Square, Chysler Building and Empire State. There is also a gorgeous deli just down the street which is perfect for a quick snack! Also before you go make sure you visit the famous Marilyn Monroe subway grate which is located just over the road!	
Dec 21 2008 	LOVED NEW YORK..Great Stay	Our stay was Dec 13 thru Dec 17. Never been to New York and was a little worried. Our room was a little small and we had no view,but we didn't come to New York to stay in the room. The Staff was friendly and helpful. Only problem was when we purchased tickits for &quot;Wicked&quot; we overpaid by $ 60.00 each!!!! When we complained they told us it was the broker's prices. Would of liked to have know the prices before hand, but they said they would make it up to us...still waiting. Over all our trip was great. Subways are easy to use and cheaper then taking a taxi everywhere. But taxis are great when the weather gets bad. Hope You Have a Great Time In New York !!	
Dec 9 2008 	Couldn't find a single fault with the hotel	I can't say enough good things about this hotel.I took my Mum away for Thanksgiving weekend to celebrate her retirement. I had written to the hotel in advance to tell them about this special event. We couldn't believe what was in the room on arrival - a retirement card signed individually by about 20 members of staff and a platter of cookies. The cookies were replaced everyday by the lovely lady who cleaned our rooms.The rooms were so clean and comfortable. The location is fantastic for shopping. Boomingdales is a few blocks north and Saks is a few blocks west. We walked to Times Square on a chilly but crisp evening and it was lovely to soak up the atmosphere of the city.We were so well looked after in this hotel. We had a call from the Careline and also from the Accomodation Manager Mr Holmes to check that we were OK. My Mum felt really special and we had a holiday to remember. I'll be telling all my friends to stay here.	
Dec 1 2008 	Awesome stay for this family!	This was our fifth trip to NYC,and this hotel rates in the top 2.The best for location,a few blocks to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall.A 15 to 20 minute walk to times square.We took this trip with our two teenage boys,and this hotel was perfect for our getaway,Loved walking the city,even on this very cold weekend in November.This hotel was spacious for NYC.Our family of four enjoyed our stay.We arrived on Friday at 11;30 a.m. and the front desk staff quickly checked us in.Our room was 438,a double with a view of the front street of the hotel.Nice warm cookies,They do have nuts and do have 2 warnings stated in bold writing on the bag,But the staff does not inform you and as a parent who does not have children that suffer from peanut allergies ,we were informed only by a previous reviewer.The staff were all very friendly,we were always greeted with a warm Hello and housekeeping and the door greeter was outstanding!!The room itself;The negatives were...rugs were a little worn,as were the bathroom door,not a wide bathroom,but shower was roomy,Thin walls,elevators very slow during 8 a.m and 11 a.m.Concierge,very busy in the mornings,use late afternoon or later.The positives.....Quick elevators besides the times above,security on Saturday nights so be ready with your room key..Friendly and helpful staff,location,cleanliness of hotel,Awesome water pressure,almost too much for cold chapped hands,unique high quality bath fixtures,soaps,shampoos,even sunscreen,TV,and the bedding is So comfy!!!Some helpful hints..Subway available right out the front door..Enjoyed the corner vendors,$3. hot dogs and Roasted Chesnuts were great!!Great burger spot 3 blocks away called GOODBURGER.Amazing burgers,fries and shakes.Also one block away ,tucked away next to Taco bell (hard to see the green sign)and across the street from McDonalds is ESS-A-Bagel ,the best bagels I have eaten in NYC,my boys loved the huge muffins too..24 hour pharmacy across the street and a Staples also.Top of the rock and walking Fifth and Madison Avenue was outstanding!We had a great experience in this hotel and in New York City,wish we could have stayed more than two nights.	
Dec 1 2008	Enjoyed staying at the Doubletree	Stayed at the Doubletree 11/27-11/30 for Christmas parade, shopping, etc with our 16 year old granddaughter. Nice hotel, helpful staff. On East side of Manhattan and good walk to sites but definitely okay. Would stay here again!	
Nov 30 2008	Great Hotel and location!!!	A great hotel in an ideal location. The staff were very friendly and the warm cookie is a nice touch when you check in! The room was a good size and clean with everything you need except tea making facilities however the metrocity cafe next door to the hotel seems to be open all hours serving great food and drinks so was not an issue to nip down for tea/coffee. The bathroom had a good bath/shower (and good size soft towels!) with a separate room for the sink and big vanity mirror. The hotel is next to 51st subway so was ideal for nipping up/down town but the good location meant we walked everywhere most days. There are a few good places around the block (turning left) for breakfast (or metrocity cafe next door) with one serving an all you can eat buffet (just ask the guys at the doors for details). Catching the Airport Express bus from Newark/Liberty was cheap and quick (going from and to the airport) and we found NY to be very clean and safe and it is worth getting a city pass for the sites as this can save a lot of queing at certain attractions (Statue of Liberty for one). Wrap up warm if you are going in November as the weather was very cold but dry!!!!Would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again because of the location and value for money.	
Nov 29 2008 	wicked location lovely staff and fabulous cookies!	I went with two of my friends to this hotel and we stayed for five nights, 20th - 25 November 08. We were really worried after some of the reviews that we had read, but i don't think that we could have asked for anything better. This hotel is well kept, clean and has a lovely atmosphere. The staff are friendly and helpful, i would especially recommend using the concierge service they are really helpful and can arrange anything for you from broadway tickets to helicopter rides. We had a bedroom with two double beds, the beds were really comfortable and the room was very clean. The rooms were reasonably sized and modern.The location of his hotel was great aswell, was within walking distance to everything and if you fancy getting the subway there is one right by the hotel. there is also a great cafe next door to the hotel which does everything from Pancakes to subs and salads (would also recommend the oreo cheesecake). I would also recommend Grayline Limos they are a really great company to use for your airport transfers and are far cheeper then most others in the area, they even upgraded us for our journey home to a stretch hummer limo it was a awesome surprise and rounded of our trip nicely.Overall we had a wicked time in New York and would recommend this hotel to people of all ages.	
Nov 23 2008 	Expensive for standard - great location	Great location in midtown NYC, but you pay a premium for it. Overseas visitors will feel the price on exchange rate, and will no doubt think of what an amazing suite they could get for the same money in Sydney, Singapore or Paris.Rooms are small as expected, dated and not overly clean. Despite being on a non smoking floor, there were constant smokers in neighbouring rooms which became overwhelming - although staff did attempt to deal with this quickly.Hotel lobby is tiny and too small for the amount of people using it to wait for transport and check in. Bell hops leave no room for discretion in tipping, as it paid up front on delivery and retrieval of bags. Had much better experiences at Double Tree Hotels in Chicago and other places.	
Nov 22 2008 	Not too shabby	After a very disappointing stay at the Radisson, just 3 blocks down the street, I decided to give Doubletree a try and am glad I did. From the moment you enter the lobby, the staff is very professional, pleasant and helpful. Rooms are very small, mine was on the 11th floor, but the room was functional. The heating worked fine and the street noise level was very low. The bed and pillows were comfortable and the room was clean. The TV is small but has good picture, however, they do not have Comedy Central channel and I missed my obligatory Daily Show and Steven Colbert Report. The Internet is $ 13.99 for 24 hours, which is pretty standard for NY. If you are a Hilton loyalist, you get coupons for free breakfast at the 17th floor lounge. The Bfast is continental style, and pretty basic, but not bad being free. There is a Subway station right outside the hotel entrance which makes it very convenient if you like to use the train. I think this is a nice hotel and very good value for NY.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	This hotel was very nice for the money. The rooms are reasonable size and they were VERY quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was awesome and parking was reasonable at $30.00 a day. I also liked the idea that the window opened about 6 inches. The BEDS were AWESOME.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great location great price helpful staff	We stayed four nights in early October, and paid about $200 a night. There is not another hotel in that central location for anywhere near that price for the size and comfort of the room- and yes, while the bathroom area is small, it's small in nearly every other similar hotel - that's New York!The conceirge staff was friendly and helpful - gave great tips for the best times to see certain sites (even can sell you Empire State tickets at the same price as you pay at the site - and you don't have to wait in the long lines once you get there - zip to the front), provided great directions and helpful ideas. We used them to confirm our shuttle to the airport (even though we booked on line). We did not eat in the hotel-other better choices very close to the hotel. As a bonus, the first day we were there (Sunday), there was a street fair stretching along Lexington Avenue, as well as a the annual Polish Parade a block over. We would stay here again - especially for the price.	
Nov 17 2008 	Fantastic Location Fantastic for the Budget Minded Traveler	The GOOD: This hotel is perfectly situated in a beautiful part of Manhattan. Everything you need is basically at your doorstep. The E train will take you downtown for $2.00 a trip. The &quot;6&quot; Train will take you uptown to the Gugenheim Museum and other uptown destinations. Restaurants, coffee shops and other locations are right at your fingertips.We truly enjoyed our stay at the Double Tree. The staff is utterly courteous and the rooms have nice beds, flat screen t.v.'s and all the amenities you need for a nice stay.The BAD: This hotel is showing a few signs of age if you require a luxurious room. Luxury is not a requirement for my wife and I. We require clean rooms and a comfortable bed. This room had both. Our room featured a little peeling wall paper and a bathroom door that didn't shut properly. That about sums up all of the negatives I can identify.The UGLY. No &quot;uglies&quot; at this destination. As noted above, we had a really nice stay.Finally, I have to mention that we booked this room directly with the property using our AAA discount for... just over $200 for the first four nights and $175 for the last night. I consider that price to be an utter steal for the location. I highly recommend the Double Tree if you are traveling with budget in mind and want a nice place to stay.	
Nov 13 2008	Average Hotel	As from other reviews, yes the Doubletree is abit dowdy after the front desks, but the rooms were bigger than i expected, there was no problem with traffic noise even with a fire station almost next door. the good point about the doubletree is its location, easy walking distance from Times Square..Central Park and many other places, I trully did not rate the Metro Grill next door, I hate picking my breakfast from a model on a plate!!!!!The free Cookies are excellant.We only got ripped off by the Yellow cab going back to JFK being charged for the Tunnel toll when we did not actually go through it,we appeared to go via all the back streets our driver knew, very poor compared to the taxi who took us from the Airport to the Hotel the charge was $50 each way includeing tolls	
Nov 12 2008 	Just okay!	We had booked this hotel because it was the best price in this location. At over $200 a night, we expected more for our money. The best thing about the hotel was the location. You could walk almost anywhere and the subway was just out the door. It looks like the hotel and its rooms had upgrades, but many things were not updated. The beds were very comfortable, there were nice Neutrogena toiletries, but the walls and carpet was dirty and old. The bathroom was very small and the bathtub was very uncomfortable for taking baths.	
Nov 8 2008	Good Location	Stayed 4 nights in October. Great location for the Metro and main attractions.The room was a good size, with a large comfortable bed, nicely decorated and clean. The bathroom again very clean with adequate towels and shower accessories. A room safe a good touch.The lobby always appeared busy with coach loads of visitors appeared to be arriving daily. Didn't use the restaurant,but had breakfast next door for less than half the price. A bit surprised when they charged $7 to store the cases for a few hours after checkout.Overall a good hotel and would stay again. Watch out for the mini bar ( very pricey) and top tray. Items picked up will be charged to your room if not replaced within 20 seconds.	
Nov 3 2008	If you want this neighborhood try the W or the Marriott 2 blocks south on Lex	pretty shabby:-- peeling wallpaper everywhere,-- bathroom so small its hard to turn around in, and you have to get out of the way of the door to close it.-- water stains around window and soiled carpet-- no coffee in room or lobby-- billed for calls that we shouldn't have been billed for-- lobby small, unattractive, and annoying to maneuver throughlocation might be good depending (its on the 6 subway and two short blocks from the E). internet was $15/ day	
Oct 27 2008 	Worst NY Hotel in years	Literally one of the worst hotel experiences in years. The lobby is lovely, but as soon as one leaves the lobby, one is shocked! The hallways are dirty, with paint chipping and wallpaper peeling. The room was dirty. There is no way to control the air conditioning in each room - and when we called they said an engineer would come right up and no one ever did! We had to call twice for towels. And this for around $300!! Never going there again.	
Oct 21 2008 	OK Property Good Value	This property has a great location, OK physical property, generally above average staff and usually decent rates, which make it a good value, especially if you are a Hilton Honors loyalist. The location affords plenty of restaurant options, including several 24 hour markets and is close to Radio City Music Hall, 5th Avenue Shopping and Grand Central Terminal. A subway entrance for the 51st St. (4, 5, 6 trains)/ Lexington Ave (E and V trains) station is immediately outside the hotel entrance, which is great. Cabs are also readily available. The property itself was renovated several years ago and the rooms are nice, but do show a little wear and tear. The rooms are small, even by NYC standards, so if you need a large space or are sharing a room with someone to whom you are not related, this is not the place for you. Otherwise, it is fine as long as the rate is decent. There is a great fitness room, with plenty of modern equipment. The business center has several computers, but charges for internet access. The restaurant provides a good, if expensive, breakfast. I didn't use it for other meals. The bars is fun and well populated. The hotel tends to be well patronized, but has a significant number of tourists (as opposed to business persons) and feels crowded as the lobby isn't large; if this bothers you, don't stay here.All in all a good value, as long as you are aware of the room size.	
Oct 21 2008 	doubletree fine	my wife &amp; I stayed at the 'Doubletree' the first 4 days of October &amp; found it 'ok' &amp; nothing more.It was the start of our 35th wedding anniversary tour &amp; we wanted something nice to start with so we thought being part of the Hilton group the hotel would be nice, let me say now, the HILTON it isnt! First impressions are good, apart from porters working in a relay team with your bags, ie- 3 demanding tips, yes, I know its there culture, but being a true Yorkshire man, I found it nothing short of begging. I mean, one porter unloaded taxi, held hand out, passed to another who took to reception desk(20mts) held hand out, who then passed trolley to a third for there final journey to our room, bad bad start. However I di-gress, the room was clean with a comfy bed &amp; an adequate bathroom &amp; a ultra sensitive mini-bar. Found the reception/concierge staff quite helpful &amp; pleasant. Location of the 'TREE' is great, thought the price, after looking at others, again, to be 'ok'. O, had a late 8pm flight to Vegas, so had to leave bags with porters, charged $3 for each bag. . .. . . WAIT. . . . that was for dropping &amp; then picking up ie-$18 in total arghhh!!! would we go back? Try somewhere else first now we know the area, but if nothing available, yes the 'TREE' would be booked.	
Oct 14 2008	HUGE room by NYC Standards!	Let's start off with the rooms - they were HUGE - by NYC standards anyway. The beds were comfortable and the location was superb (right next door to the subway and 2 blocks away from the shopping haven of 5th and Madison). The lobby was very spacious and modern so perhaps the only gripe of mine is that the furniture in the room is showing its age.	
Oct 14 2008 	Fine location and stay	Stayed from Oct. 5-8, 2008. Booked directly on their website and got a rate of $300 inclusive of tax for a standard king which was the best deal I could find for this area. I was wary about this property because of the negative reviews, however, we had a positive experience. The location was great. Walking distance to shopping, Grand Central Station, the Theater District. The 6 subway line is on your doorstep with the E line to JFK one block away. Our room was very comfortable with plenty of room. The mattress was great as was the pillows. The bathroom was newly remodeled with a new vanity and there was plenty of water pressure and hot water. We were on the 8th floor facing 51st and were not bothered by the fire trucks. Elevators were speedy. Two small complaints: They did charge us for storing our 3 pieces of luggage ($4). Never had to pay for that service, but, oh well. And after reading about charges for the snacks and mini bar on this site we were very careful about not touching or moving any items, but found charges on our bill. They were promptly taken off without question. We did not use their workout room. This is not a 4-star luxury hotel, but for the price and especially the location it is a very good value. Would definitely return.	
Oct 8 2008 	Not a place to get any sleep	Pros: comfy bed, modern decor, couldn't be closer to the 6 train.Cons: The housekeepers are relentless in trying to clean the room. the early morning knock on the door if you forget the DND sign. If you do use the DND sign, they call the room anyway, assuming that you couldn't possibly still be in the room sleeping. They say that too many people leave for the day w/o removing the door sign and then are mad that the room isn't made up.3rd day there, they begin changing the carpet in the rooms surrounding me. No advance notice. Slamming doors, banging around, construction guys yelling to each other from down the hall, and their radios playing. Ridiculous. Doubletree said they update rooms daily, but don't know which one ahead of time. The bellman was relentless in trying to get me into one of their &quot;cars&quot; instead of the cab i had planned on taking to LGA. I didn't need help w/ my bags but he grabbed them anyway and then got mad that i didn't give him a tip!!!I too got charged for merely bumping into the items in the mini-bar. Very sensitive laser system. No fridge, no microwave, no coffee maker.I will never stay here again. I'm going back to the Muse on 46th.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great location	We stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel from 10/2 to 10/5. We paid $303 per night and booked through the hotel's website back in July. I had researched other hotels in the area with 2 beds and a private bath, and this was the cheapest I could find, unfortunately. Rooms-We stayed in rm 1937. Although I did not like the style of the decor in the room, it was clean and comfortable. We did not have a nice view, but we were only in the room for sleeping. The bathroom was small, as expected in any NYC hotel. It was clean and had good water pressure. Location-The location is excellent. You are a 10 min. walk to St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center, and Fifth Ave. shopping. The 51st./Lexington subway stop is right outside of your door. You can access the 6 Train. The E and V trains are accessible from Lexington and 53rd Street.Internet Access: There is free WiFi in the lobby. I was able to surf the net on my cell phone in the hotel room. I believe there is a charge if you actually hook up your laptop to the room's internet.Overall, I would definitely stay here again, given the location of the hotel.	
Oct 3 2008 	Over rated	I'd read some good reviews about this hotel but they are totally over rated. The hotel is mediocre. Beds are old and not really comfortable. Overall condition of the hotel, rooms, floors, etc., is not good. Colour scheme is erratic. Good for the location and proximity to the subway but a very high price for what you get. There must be better choices in the area. You also have to pay for leaving the luggage in the storage, and guess what, you have to pay again when you return in the afternoon to pick it up! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Choice	The location can't be beat, the subway is only 50 feet away from the front door. This is essential because you can get where you want fast via the subway. Don't use the hotel for their car service, because while we were standing there to set one up, two different people were complaining that their car was an hour late and they had to get to the airport. Needless to say we did not use the car service. The staff was nice and the hotel room was clean and had plenty of room. We waited until two days before our trip and the rates went way down. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 23 2008 	Room smelled bad	I stayed at the Doubletree for one night (thank goodness it was only one night) when I went to Manhattan for a business trip. My room was unpleasant. It smelled like a dirty, musty restroom. Seriously. I didn't want to touch anything. I wore slippers the entire time and never touched the floor. There was no luggage rack for my suitcase so I used the ironing board to place my suitcase atop. The carpet was too gross to leave it on the floor.The room was small, the tv was tiny. I am a Hilton Honors Gold level member and I was placed on an executive level floor, but the room didn't reflect anything special. It was tiny and the desk was very small. There was a free breakfast in the Executive Lounge the next day - the usuals of ceral, muffins, etc.I wouldn't stay here again if it were my choice.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great rate great location can't wait to go back	We planned a trip to NYC at the last minute (three days notice) and got a great rate at the Doubletree Midtown. Subway stop (6)right outside the front door - took AirTrain from JFK to the E train which connects to the 6 station.The place was obviously doing good business - always a bustle in the lobby. We used the self check in kiosk - no problem (though talking to a desk clerk might have got us a room higher than the 2nd floor and not near the elevator). Room was recently redone and as big as any non NYC hotel rooom. Really. No lie. Big room. Bathroom was all redone, clean and stylish (and thank you for the sunscreen, too). And even with the proximity to the hall traffic, very quiet.Some people have complained about the NYPD and NYFD right next door - the sirens weren't any louder in our room than any where else in the city.Booked through the Hilton website with AAA discount - 220+tax a night for a Fri-Sat stay. We'll definitely be going back.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Location Helpful Staff	Stayed here for one night in late August. Location cannot be beat. There is an underground stop ten feet from the front door that provides easy access to Yankee Stadium, the WTC site, and the Village. Hotel is in a very cool neighborhood to walk around and not too bad of a walk from Central Park and the Met.Room was spacious, although the bathroom was very small. There are some other, similarly priced hotels in the area that I would try first before returning. However, wouldn't mind staying here again at all.Staff also was very helpful with any questions!	
Sep 21 2008	Great location great staff	This was my first trip to NY and a birthday surprise for my god daughters 18th birthday.I had spent a long time on the internet reviewing comments about a number of NY hotels and ended up booking at the Doubletree. I sent a little note to the manager saying how much we were looking forward to our stay and requesting a quiet room away from the fire station.Our room was a very spacious 2 x double, and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Yes the view out of the window was a brick wall, but the room was quiet and dark at night. The bathroom wasnt that big but the shower was great and who goes to NY to waste too much time in a bathroom.A birthday card, cake and complimentary breakfast vouchers were also waiting for us which was a wonderful surprise. All the staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is situated within walking distance of all the main tourist spots.We did have a problem with some extra items on the bill from the mini bar, the fridge is very sensitive, but there was no problem getting the bill ammended.Would definately stay their again and I cannot understand some of the other comments that have been made. Maybe some people are just incredibly fussy!!!If you want to start your trip with a limo from the airport Grayline Limos were great, despite our plane being 2 hours late, they were there with the largest white limo I have ever seen!!!!As for helicopters Manhattan Helicpoters might be a bit more expensive but they dont pack you in like sardines and you go at the time you bookedClaire	
Sep 18 2008 	Housekeeping terrible	During our stay we were surprised that the duvets are not covered with a duvet cover but wrapped in a sheet that only goes round the duvet. We found this very strange and resulted in you sleeping under the actual duvet rather than the cover which we found very unhygienic. The housekeepers did not give extra shampoo and products for the shower either on the second day of our stay they only gave replacements for the facewash, considering how much you are paying it should not be too much to ask to be able to shower on the second day given that with the handluggage restrictions we had not brought our own shower products. Laundry was also left on our floor from 11am until late of both days and we got stuck in the lift on the first day of our stay the doors would not open at our floor.I would not stay here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	I'd Stay Again	We went to New York City in December just before Christmas for a weekend to do some shopping. We had a free night through out bank at the hotel. We had some reservations trouble while checking in, however the desk agent worked hard and was able to help us and comp'd breakfast the next morning, which we were very appreciative of. The hotel is in a great location, near the subway and not too far from many attractions. As stated in previous reviews, the rooms are pretty small, but they are suffiicent. The flatscreen TV was nice and I couldn't hear anything in the hallways (the stereotypical NYC sirens however I could hear). The breakfast (a $25/person value) was a joke. I get free breakfasts at Holiday Inn Express' that are similar. But it was free, so I don't complain. Parking at the ramp next door wasn't too expensive and overall we had a great say in Manhattan and would stay again.	
Sep 15 2008	Good Location	Good location for most of the main attractions - subway adjacent but we used yellow cabs or walked most places.Hotel room adequate (king size) and clean although next to the lift and a request to move was not well received - the alternative offered was even less attractive. Not too many friendly faces amongst the staff and the general New York attitude of &quot;take it or leave it&quot; dominates. Breakfast was included in our deal and had a good buffet selection but plenty of options for this locally at a cheaper price. Don't bother with the concierge service unless you wish to pay a premium for theatre tickets or the airport taxi service. We got a room extension till 3pm on the day of our departure at no extra cost - anything later is charged at full day rate.	
Sep 11 2008 	New York ...... Amazing place .	We went to new york for a 5 day trip for our anniversary, average hotel, lobby was nice and clean, check in efficient, good location.Rooms were just average nothing special. Breakfast, better to eat out at one the great cafes nearby. Most tourist places are within reasoable distance. Overall very average ,must be better hotels with same price tag, would not stay here again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Just okay	My husband and I went for a 3 day getaway to NYC. We just wanted to find a relatively reasonable priced hotel that was clean and in a good location. This hotel was moderately priced and we figured that the Doubletree name was good.The location was good. There is a good cafe for a quick reasonable lunch or breakfast located adjacent to the hotel. The room was very disappointing. It had a gym smell to it. We got moved, but the next room was the same. At that point, we had no alternative but to stay. The fitness center was also poor.Wi fi is available for free, but you need to use it in the lobby. It costs to use it in the room.Overall, I would not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Convenient stay at the Double Tree	We stayed at the double tree for 3 nights over the labour day weekend. It cost us 730 dollars, which i thought was fair for the hotel. The rooms were clean and not terribly outdated as some complain, but I can see how they did quick fixes when &quot;renovating&quot; the rooms. We stayed in room 604, which faced lexingon and you could hear noise from the street, but not loud enough to keep you up at night. I also agree that the bellmen were not pushy at all. I found the reception was helpful, she got us 2 of three rooms when we arrived at 11am, long before checkin time (3pm), I also tipped her for doing that, and then only 30mins later she called to say the last room was ready and was upgraded from a queen to a king. The one thing that i didn't like was how cheap the hotel was. They wanted you to pay for everything, from the bottle openers, to using the fridge in the room, to the internet service. Considering they weren't a low end hotel, you would think they could bend and offer some complimentary services. Checkout was extremely simple, we didn't have to speak with anyone. Overall this was a great average hotel to stay at, those who are complaining must have paid more than we did, as i feel for New York City, we got our money's worth.	
Sep 3 2008	Only Average	Only an average experience. Small outdated rooms that have been fixed up several times over the years. I would stay here only if I got a great deal and was planning on spending very little time in the hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location rooms not so good....	Yes, the location is great. But...........the halls and carpet look dirty, the rooms need to be updated. I only spent 3 nights here, and luckily we spent little time in the room. The warm cookies were nice - don't even touch the mini bar or snacks...You will be charged for touching! Probably would not stay again - the price was cheaper then most and now I know why.....Needs some attention.	
Sep 2 2008 	Less than a DoubleTree	Great location and right accross the street from Police and Fire stations. Asked to be moved from our room and was told they could do that. Never did even after asking twice for this Hilton Honors Diamond member. One day the maids failed to clean our room even when I told her when we'd be leaving. Room service closes at 11pm which seems unusual for a 24/7 city! Offered breakfast thru their executive lounge each morning, and was very very basic and surprisingly sparse food choices.	
Aug 21 2008	Striclty OK needs a refurbishment	Stayed at this hotel on a Sunday night. Got the rate of $280 all inclusive. Room was pretty small but thats par for the course in NYC. The rate was decent considering it was New York. Located on Lex Ave and 51st St. Subway station is next door so the city is accessible. But the hotel is in desperate need of renovations. The rooms must have been at least 10 years old. The less said about the bathroom the better. The hotel was overall chaos. You walk into the lobby and there were people waiting everywhere to either check in or check out. I was lucky I stayed there for only 1 night. I checked out at 9 in the morning and needed to keep store my luggage as I had to finish my meetings. They charge $1 per bag to check in and another $1 to collect!!!! I mean I know its NYC but after charging me almost 300 bucks they cant keep my bags for free... Shows the cheap mentality of hotels in NY. I returned in a rental car to pick up my bags and it took then almost half hour to find the luggage that they had stored. The luggage was kept completely hapazardly. Overall this is an inexpensive place to stay but is SURELY NOT doubletree standard hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	great location and staff!	My wife and I took a kid free getaway to New York and as soon as we arrived at this hotel, I was glad that I selected it. We were greated by smiles and everyone was helpful. We arrived by train around noon and even though check in is 3pm, we got right up to a nice clean room. We were on the 7th floor facing Lexington and there was no problem with noise. The concierge was helpful both for getting around town and with dinner suggestions. The hotel is 2 blocks from the E train and 1 block from the 4 train so it was super easy getting around anywhere we wanted to go. Its about a 20 minute train to Yankee stadium and about a 10-15 min walk down 51st St to any theater. Nice area and we felt totally safe even walking around late at night. The warm cookies were a nice plus after a long day of walking around. Would stay again!	
Aug 18 2008 	Solid choice in Manhattan	Stayed here 1 night for a quick one night business trip. My colleague (we're both Hiltonhonors diamond) stayed across the street at the Waldorf and paid over $200 more than me. I would call this hotel a solid 3-star. It shows its age a little but the for the things I consider critical it was great, such as very fast elevators, excellent fitness room (new equipment, early morning access, water/towels available), easy ck in/out. Good lobby bar also (of course Whiskey Blue at the &quot;W&quot; is right next door also). I will definitely look to this property again for the next trip.	
Aug 12 2008 	Perfect Location	Recommended. Location was ideal. Price was good. Room was a good size, as was the bed. No real noise from the street - we were on the 4th floor and on Lexington Ave - but take earplugs in case the sirens start wailing! Bathroom was on the small side, but I didn't visit NYC to sit in the shower all day. Didn't try any meals in the hotel as there were so many other places to choose from over the city. One thing I noticed was that the bell-hops weren't pushy unlike other US hotels I've been to. If you wanted them to help, you'd ask them. If not, they wouldn't bother you.Unique Qualities: Location is right on top of the subway (routes 6, E and V) which can take you most places. Walking distance to the main shopping streets and plenty of places to eat in the vicinity.	
Aug 1 2008 	Good location but the staff weren't friendly	We stayed at the Doubletree for 6 nights in early July 08. The location was great really with the number 6 subway right outside your door. The cookies were very welcome on arrival and everything felt as if it was going to be good. The room was as we expected - small by US standards but hey this is New York so no different to London really. Having no tea/coffee making facilities was a pain and there was no friendly sure we can sort that from the reception staff...On the Reception staff well what can I say... Not one of the receptionists was friendly or helpful. We took US travellers cheques with us and each day we played a game of how much will they change as every day, depending on their mood, depended on how much you could change, if you needed ID or if you could change 2 lots in one day! We were even told by one who refused to change our cheques that no one in th eUS took them any more - strange as all our evening meals and main purchases in shops were done using cheques?? Each day different rules.... The Conciege was also not very friendly. We asked him what was the best way to get back to JFK for 2 people and he just said; &quot;get a cab&quot;. No smile, no explanations that was it. We wanted to get tickets to a ball game but it appeared to be so much trouble we couldn't be bothered and went to the theatre instead.The Porters.. When we booked out we were charged $1 for the storage of our bags and then another $1 for collection. When we went to 'get our cab' the porter tried to get us to get a hire car for $15 more. I think the porters are on a bit of a shady number here.However, with this in mind I would stay at the hotel again as it was such a great location. I will just have to remember to be as indifferent to the reception staff as they are to you. Although I do recall there was another hotel across the road - The Waldorf I think?	
Aug 1 2008	Good stay	Stayed over the fourth of July weekend. We had a room with two double beds which by NYC standards was a pretty good size. Plenty of room to move around etc. The bathroom was also fairly decently sized and had counter space which again for NYC is great. This is not a luxury hotel, but definitely clean, comfortable, and has a good location. The 6 subway stops right next to the hotel which makes it convenient to get anywhere on the upper or lower east side of Manhattan. Rockefeller center is within a few walking blocks and also has a convenient subway. Walking to Times Square/Theater District takes about 10-15 minutes. Parking at the garage next to the hotel is $30 if you get your ticket validated by the hotel (no in and out privileges though). The price was really good for NYC particularly if you're trying to find a room with two beds in it.	
Jul 29 2008 	Good Stay	Very Good Location! My king room was small but perfect for one person, but I could imagine it would be a little cramped for two. Very good bathroom. Lobby was cozy and the bar seemed happening on thursday. The subway station in front was just perfect for exploring the city. A lot of little restaurants all around. Also Starbucks, Cafe Metro, and the W New York one block away, the Waldorf a couple of blocks away, and 5 minute walking to Grand Central Station.	
Jul 29 2008 	my stay	i stayed at the hotel for a week .....hotel was going through renovations but to be fair we didnt hear anything, we had requested a smoking room and was given a non smoking room. the restaurant was closed due to the re work so we had to go out to eat breakfast. i found the staff to be nice and friendly. and for my first visit to new york i was impressed by the location. i would stay there again	
Jul 28 2008 	A great base to explore a great city	Loved this hotel. Staff and services were excellent. Everything in the hotel is clean, comfortable and relaxing and so it provides a great base to explore a great city. Although not on the same block as any of the main attractions of New York, most are within walking distance and can easily be found, and those that aren;t can be reached by subway.	
Jul 26 2008 	Perfect 	Although our stay was short (2 days), we will definitely return to the Doubletree. The price was right ($215) , the location was key (midtown manhattan) Check-in was seamless -- (I had booked online) -- it took less than 1 minute .. the staff were so on it and available. As we walked to the elevators, we passed the lounge/bar and it was filled with young people having a drink, chilling online, etc..there was a sense of &quot;subdued hipness&quot; which we liked in case we ran out of things to do in the city (Not!). The rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. The concierge recommended a great steakhouse (Old Homestead) since our first 2 choices were booked. Be careful with the minibar - there's a peculiar rule -- if you so much as move (not consume) one of the items within, you will be charged. My curious husband incurred such charge, but it was taken off since we explained nothing was taken.. Great experience!	
Jul 19 2008 	Great value in Midtown Manhattan	On a recent trip to see friends in the NYC area, we decided at the last minute to go into the city for a night. It was July 4 weekend, but we had no problem finding a room. I had stayed at plenty of hotels in Manhattan on business, but my wife had not been to New York in several years. We wanted something centrally located, clean and not too expensive (unlike places I stayed on the company dime). That is exactly what we got at the Doubletree Metropolitan.Our room was good sized for New York - not suite sized, but enough room to open both suitcases and still have lots of space to move around. The bed was very comfortable, linens clean and no nasty comforter made of unknown fabric/material.The bathroom was small, but not horrible. Marble flooring, new sink and a new or refinished tub. The water pressure was excellent. Stainless fixtures were new and of decent quality. The staff was extremely friendly. They were everywhere and constantly asking to assist. A nice touch considering the typical staffing at other hotels in the area.Cons: $15.95 for internet access. I guess that's how they can afford to sell you a room for less than $150 a night. Not good if you're there on business for several days, but we weren't. Small lobby, but last time I checked, I wasn't sleeping in the lobby.Overall, we were pleased with the Doubletree and will probably stay there again when we come to New York later this year.	
Jul 17 2008 	Excellent Value Fantastic Location!	We stayed at the Metropolitan DoubleTree for one night in July to attend a NY Yankee game. In short: we were extremely pleased with our stay. Got a ridiculously low rate for NY ($127/night for a king smoking) via the hotel website and using my AAA membership. BTW...the next-best rate for the same night was $68 more. That alone made up the cost of AAA for the whole year. For for under $200 in midtown, I don't expect much, but this was a nice place. The lobby, bar and restaurant are all clean and well-staffed. Our room was on the small side for other cities but quite large by Manhattan standards. It had a comfortable King bed, writing desk, 26&quot; tv, chaise lounge, windows that open (!), and full-sized combo bath/shower. Neutrogena products in the bath. No trouble with hall noise.As others have stated, you do have to be careful with the minibar stuff. Housekeeping had placed a notice on the counter that if you removed anything from the minibar for 20 seconds or more, it would be charged to your room. I would love to say that our minibar bill was a mistake since it was quite large, but truthfully, we couldn't find a liquor store open after 9pm so we pretty much cleaned the room out of alcohol. What ever happened to the &quot;city that never sleeps???&quot; In the end, we decided to stay in the room and enjoy beverages because we could smoke there plus it was still cheaper than a NYC bar....and we could wear our pajamas while doing so. The location couldn't be better. There is a metro stop right outside the hotel and it was an easy subway ride to Yankee Stadium or anywhere else throughout Manhattan. This is certainly the cheapest and most efficient way to travel in the city. Midtown is very safe so you can feel comfortable walking alone almost anytime except the very early morning hours. We parked in the garage around the corner from the main entrance for $30/24 hours which is a good price for this part of town. The hotel has an agreement with the parking facility and you just have to get your valet ticket stamped at the desk to get the special rate. Our only tiny gripe was that the prices stated on the minibar menu differed from the ones on our bill at checkout. I brought this to the manager's attention and he rectified it right then with no problem. We were very pleased and would stay there again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Location	This was a very nice place to stay in the center of Manhattan. The hotel staff was very helpful. The rooms were very large compared to most hotels in New York. The subway was right at the hotel which made travel around the city helpful. There is a Metro Cafe right next door which was very nice. I would recommend eating at a place called MiMi's which is only 3 blocks from this hotel. It has great Italian food for a great price.	
Jul 16 2008 	Decent place with bad AC	This DoubleTree has a good location, fairly close to Grand Central Station. Check in was easy. Room was small, but that's fairly typical in NYC. The AC never got the room cool...but it was not bad enough, nor did I have the time in my schedule, to demand a new room. Breakfast was ok. The rates in NY are simply throught the roof, but it is all relative. I would stay here again but can't give the place a strong recommendation.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice hotel with a great location!	I visited this hotel with a few girlfriends on a weekend trip to NYC. We found the value to be exceptional (for NYC) and the accomodations comfortable. We arrived early, and were unable to check in, but we were able to check out bags and the front desk clerk was able to direct us to a nice place to have lunch. Additionally we were in need of a place to have dinner one evening and the concierge suggested a nice steak house a few blocks away - Bobby Van's. We had a great time!!Lastly, the warm chocolate chip cookies on check in were just a nice added bonus.	
Jul 12 2008 	Left something to be desired....	Here it is short and sweet.Lobby is nice...rooms are mediocre at best.Pros-ok price-good location-nice beds-decent looking rooms and bathroomsCons-Hallways carpet needs replaced (at least on the 5th floor)-Walls are thin, I could hear hall noise the entire time-Toilet seat didn't stay up-AC wasn't cold-Shower head wouldn't was limp-Sink and shower had very slow drains-Check in kiosk didn't work...for anyone.-Oh yeah...and we never got a free cookie at check-in. Overall I would probably not stay here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great value hotel	Great value hotel. Good price ($175/night over 3 nights) during July 4 weekend. Rooms are relatively small (not a surprise in NYC). Staff is friendly. Location is good. They have an arrangement with a neighboring monthly parking garage ($30/night) where you can keep your vehicle for the duration of the stay. You cannot however take your the car until the end of your trip ie. there is not unlimited in-out access in the garage.They serve delicious cookies when you check in.Before checkout they had incorrectly billed us for $60 worth of mini-bar usage which they quickly reversed without questions.There is a Metro Grill restaurant right next door which stays open from 6am to 12pm. Good food.For this rate I would good back to this hotel anytime.	
Jul 8 2008 	Amazing !	Amazing service .When we arrived , our room was not ready so we were moved to another room almost immediately .Staff were super friendly !Room was very clean .It was small , but big enough for two !Great stay !Would reccomend to everyone !Loved the Doubletree would definitely stay again !	
Jul 8 2008 	A Good Choice	Overall we were very pleased with this hotel and would happily stay here again.The Positives:Wonderful locationExtremely nice staff, except for one girl who works in the barLarge, quiet room with a very comfortable bed The Negatives:Air conditioning in the room was a bit weak.Storing luggage for early check-in should be provided as a courtesy rather than charging a fee.There is no in-room coffee maker.	
Jul 7 2008 	Too Many Problems to Stay Again	The positives of this hotel are the location and the beds. It is very close to a subway, very close to walk to great tourist and shopping areas, it is easy to get to almost any spot from the hotel. The beds are very good and the pillows are great. The room is a little small for more than 2 people but was adequate for us. The bathroom is newly remodeled and while small, very nice. Another positive was the doorman at 5am. He could not have been any nicer or more helpful.The negatives: Maybe too many to write all. I booked and paid for the hotel about a month in advance. I asked for an upper floor with a view, got the fourth floor with a view of a wall and air conditioning unit. Called and asked for different room and was told all Lexington Ave rooms were private apartments and nothing else was available. We were not able to check in at 1pm and had to place our bags in &quot;storage&quot; for a $1.00 per bag. Since we were going to walk around we placed backpack and large overnight bag so the total was $6.00. Imagine our shock when we came back in and had to pay another $6.00 to get them out of the closet. Not a bellboy bringing them to our room, but us walking into the closet and getting them. Just the beginning of the nickel and dime charges we experienced during our visit. We were not offered cookies and someone wrote about free bottled water, well, we were not offered anything that was free.I had asked when I made my reservations if there was a fridge in the room to place insulin and was told yes. There is a fridge but it is so full of items that 2 vials of insulin kept knocking a beer off to the side and were charged $6.00 numerous times. I asked if we could have someone take out the items and leave the fridge for us to use and was told no, but if an empty fridge became available, they would bring it up for a charge. They did take off the charges of the beer when we checked out (sort of).My daughter had arrived before I did and she put up a credit card for incidentals. Four days after checkout her credit card was still holding $180 pending charges. $50 a day plus the mini bar charges I was told would be taken off. They took the items off when we called to ask about the pending charges and they said the $50 a day incidental charge would come off the next day. Wow, holding this money for 5 days is really not acceptable to me.You have to pay for Internet access to the amount of $13.00 a day which is very unusual these days. I cannot think of anything that came as complimentary. I would really check around before staying here again and figure in the price of the things that are usually free at other hotels. I think this hotel was about $20 a night cheaper than the other 2 in the area and with the extra charges probably came out to be about $15 a night more expensive. The concierge was VERY rude and quite insulting when I asked for a map of the area. I suppose because I was not booking anything through them, he assumed it was ok to be rude. Once again, not what I was expecting. We were going to see if we could book a play through them and then decided we would plan everything else ourself so as to not be in a position to tip these horrid people. Overall it was not a good experience--except the location is great but there are other hotels in the exact area. We will try them next time.	
Jul 4 2008 	Disappointing and overpriced	I recently spent 4 nights at the Doubletree Metropolitan, having high expectations from a 4 star, highly recommended and very pricey hotel in Midtown. Overall I was quite disappointed. A warning to all potential customers - the hotel rooms are NOTHING like what you see on the Doubletree website!! I stayed in an ordinary room (which still cost $300 per night not including breakfast) - the room was clean but the decor was very shabby - paint peeling off the walls, a completely bare, stark room, bad lighting and absolutely no space. Admittedly, it was my first experience of Manhattan hotels, but I refuse to believe that this is the best that 300 dollars can buy. The staff were civil, but not in any way warm, welcoming or helpful. Staying here, you're very aware of staying in a large hotel chain - the general feeling is totally impersonal.As for facilities, the restaurant is ok - but again very expensive and the food ok but nowhere near 4-star standard.My conclusion - this is a hotel that thinks it can charge 4-star prices for a 2-star service just because it's in Midtown Manhattan. Shop around before you stay here.	
Jul 2 2008 	New York City Weekend at a Doubletree Hotel	Overall, the stay was fine. The Hilton Hotel chain took over this hotel within the past three years. Prior to this, it was a Loews Hotel. On arrival (around noon) we found out that we were going to be upgraded to a mini-suite (Diamond HHonors member) but our room wasn't ready. We checked our two bags and a backpack. We were told that it was a $3.00 fee for the three bags. OK, we would have tipped that much anyway. On our return, we had to pay another $3.00 to get the bags back. I'm nitpicking but my feeling is that if you are a guest, waiting for a room, there shouldn't be a charge (in and out) to store luggage. Room was nice with 20 plus feet of windows overlooking the street. Bed was comfortable; bathroom was very small; cable tv was decent; internet access was $14.95 a day.Hilton Honors lounge was opened only in the morning. Light breakfast items available.Overall, hotel is a 1960s style hotel, but modernized and updated. Location is close to everything we wanted to go to. Mass transit was nearby. Taxi to and from LaGuardia was around $27.	
Jul 1 2008 	Loved the Doubletree	We really didn't know where to stay for our first visit to NYC. We thought we wanted to be in Times Square, but are glad we did not because of the amount of people, noise, etc there. Our room was nice and clean and the staff are so friendly. What we liked the most was the location next to a subway stop - this was a pleasant surprise for us when we arrived at our stop late at night... tired... just wanted to be in bed. We would definitely book here again.The hotel is within walking distance to the Rockefeller Center, Central Park, NBC studios, 5th Avenue (think Prada, Gucci, LV, YSL) and so on.Located right next door to the hotel is the Cafe Metro that serves up breakfast (fresh fruit, yogurt, bacon &amp; egg wraps), lunch (wraps, pastas, salads), dinner, and late-night munchies (we had pizza).	
Jun 27 2008 	Best place to stay!	This trip was intended to be a nice romantic weekend with my boyfriend, that was also my birthday weekend. We had a BLAST in NY and the hotel just made it even better. It was a very retro, modern hotel, great style, very clean. The bed was absolutely comfortable and the room was a good size with a huge window. The only downfall was the bathroom was a little awkward: pedestal sink, no counter space, but lots of floor space so I ended up using the floor for my hairdryer and other girl bathroom stuff. Everything was very clean though and I was extremely please wtih the atmosphere. I would definitely recommend staying here if you are thinking about a trip to NY and Times Square. We ended up taking a cab everywhere, but if it wasn't so cold we would have walked. The price was great too.	
Jun 25 2008 	Doubletree Metropolitan in NYC is awful.	Having a pretty rough experience at the Doubletree in NYC. It was the only open hotel around my office so I decided to give it a shot and I wish I decided on a place farther away. I showed up and the front desk was fine but upon entering my room found that the fire alarm cover was sitting on the bed, the bathtub contained some form of matter and there was CANDLE WAX covering the insides of my room drinking glasses.I called down to the front desk requesting a room change but they said they were overbooked as it was, so I just asked for some new glasses. The gentleman showed up 10 or 15 minutes later with a blanket in hand and I had to explain to him I just wanted some new drinking glasses and not a blanket. The gentleman brings back clean glasses and I head to bed around 10:30 PM, after receiving a call from the front desk regarding my glasses, due to a 7AM meeting on Park Ave.The last straw happened when at 11:30, I wake up to a shrill ring and it's my bedside phone. I pick it up not knowing what to expect and it's someone from the &quot;CareLine&quot; asking if I received my remote control. I'm never rude to hotel staff but was about to lose it at this point. I say it's the wrong room, I never ordered a remote control and the woman says, &quot;Ok...Well do you need anything else?&quot; I just need a clean place to sleep for under $500 a night and this will never again be the place.The only redeeming quality here is the bedding and the location.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great location - not so great rooms	This hotel is in a great location, close to shopping, NY sites and the subway. The staff was great. The rooms, however, are in need of updating and the bathroom is so small you have to close the door before you sit down. There is no coffee in the room and they have the strangest mini bar I have ever seen. Items sit in a container on top of the dresser. If you lift an item off its designated area for more than 45 seconds, they charge you for the item. Well the room was so small that we had a small suitcase sitting on the dresser and I guess when we opened it, it must have moved some of the items. So we had all of these charges on our bill. Now they took them off, but it still took time.The free HIlton Honors breakfast was meager and while they had Starbucks coffe in the regular dining room, they did not in the HH room.The room temperature is controlled by a window unit that can be set to low, medium or high...that;s it. I would hate to be here when it gets really hot.The lobby is drab and also needs some restoration. I did not go into the bar area, but it looked lively enough.I was meeting my girlfriend there and I had made the reservation., When I realized she would arrive hours before I would, I telephoned the hotel direclty to have her name added to the room reservation. When she arrived that had no record of that. Unlike the previous review, we had no problem with housekeeping. But this hotel was really not great and I wouldn't stay there again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Perfect Location. Great Stay!	We stayed at the Metropolitan for two nights, during our first visit to NYC. The location was perfect -- we walked to so many great places, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central (where there was an amazing market with the best food every), Central Park, and so many more locations. The room was generously sized (we had a double room), and the bathroom was great. No complaints here. We booked online at their website and got a great deal -- about $170 a night. No noise. Perfect service. Great location. Never visited the onsite bar, but it was a hot spot on Friday and Saturday night. Staff helped graciously with everything -- didn't ever wait for more than 60 seconds to get a cab. Was absolutely wonderful for the money (and for twice the price). We will definitely stay here again -- and caught ourselves saying many times during our NYC visit, &quot;our hotel couldn't be better located.&quot; Travelled with our 16 year old daughter, who enjoyed being able to run downstairs (and one door down) for chocolates from the chocolate shop, and for things from the deli/store only 10 steps from the hotel's entrance. Close to at least 3 starbucks. Only caveat (which we read many warnings about), was that we were charged for $3.50 for something from the mini bar which we didn't touch (we had been warned about even looking at anything on the mini bar or opening the mini fridge so we didn't touch a thing and yet were still charged). But since it was a small amount, we didn't actually ask for a credit -- just wasn't worth any hassle since it was a small amount. That's it though. Otherwise, it was perfect for us for our weekend visit.	
Jun 20 2008 	Very Disappointed with the Metropolitan Doubletree Inn New York City	New York City, Metropolitan Doubletree Inn, Lexington Ave. Date: June 17 - 19, 2008Very, Very Disappointed!!!!We came to New York June 17 – 19th to spend our 20th anniversary and were told that the Doubletree Inn on Lexington was a great place to stay. Boy were we fooled. When we checked in everything seem great…hot cookies for both of us. When we got to our room we laughed. My husband actually asked the bellman if they made a mistake. The room looked like it belonged in a dump motel. Actually the motel room would have been better. We paid $500 a night to stay in a room that we could hardly move around in. They moved us up a couple of floors to what they thought was a better room. Not so. The bed was comfortable but that was all. We had to complain again and were finally offered $200 off our final bill. That was a joke. I couldn’t believe that other registered people were paying that outragious amount for a terrible, terrible room. If we were to go to New York again, or if someone were to ask us about the hotel, we would never stay there again and would advise that person not to stay there also. The location was great, but the hotel was disgusting.	
Jun 18 2008 	Will Not Stay Here Again	We received no housekeeping the first two days of our stay. Even after complaining the first day that the room wasn't clean, they still did not clean it on the second day. we asked for the room to be cleaned for us while we were out in the evening, we returned to find it had been cleaned, but some of our items were missing. The rooms are described as being renovated, but ours was already run-down with peeling wallpaper and paint, clogged drains, and mold/mildew all over the bathroom walls, ceiling and shower curtain.If anything touches the snack box above the minibar, your room will be charged, and it can be a bit of a surprise to find dozens of minibar charges when you haven't taken anything, on the bill you receive the morning you are leaving.The hotel manager whom we eventually dealt with was very understanding and was good to work with to satisfactorily resolve most of our concerns. However, we did have to spend a lot of time talking to other staff who were not so helpful or courteous before our concerns were finally resolved. The only good things we experienced about this hotel was the location as it is right on the Lexington Avenue metro line, and very easy to get anywhere in Manhattan, including all major attractions. The deli (cafe metro) just outside the hotel is great for fresh, quick and affordable breakfasts.	
Jun 17 2008 	Most Excellent	I had a fantastic 3 day stay here in June. My reservation was made online through hotels.com 2 days before my arrival and I got an excellent rate (around $200 CAD per night).Check in was a breeze and was upgraded to a room with a King bed. The room were huge by NYC standards. Every single room is newly remodeled (renovations are completely finished). Flat screen TVs, great bathrooms and clean, modern decor. Didn't order any room service, so cannot comment on that. All in all a great stay, and will definitely be staying here again next time in NYC.	
Jun 12 2008 	Lovely stay at the DoubleTree	Stayed at the DoubleTree for three nights and had a lovely time..The rooms are average size but quite roomy by NYC standards. The entire staff was pleasant and very helpful. Upon check-in you are treated to large cookies that are actually very tasty, and shown to your room quickly and kindly. The maids are quick and efficient about their work and very polite. Everything was very clean and many towels were provided. The toiletries are all Neutrogena brand which was a pleasant surprise.In room amenities include fridge, hair dryer, iron and board etc. All that you would expect and the price was very reasonable for NYC. I think it was $170 a night with AAA.. My husband was annoyed that there were no coffee machines in the rooms, which as it turns out is a Union issue - as a native New Yorker I understand and sympathize with them on this - that they are struggling with at the moment but they are happy to oblige you with complimentary coffee or tea from either the bar or restaurant at any time which makes up for it.The location is great, right in the heart of midtown and mere blocks to practically everything.Very enjoyable stay!	
Jun 11 2008	great location!	We stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan for 2 nights and were very satisfied. The bed was comfortable and the shower was powerful. Make note not to touch the mini bar if you don't intend to purchase anything. There is a sensor on it and if you just knick something, you will be charged. We had a $7.00 charge on our bill for a candy bar that we didn't eat and the front desk was happy to remove the charge. The subway is right outside your door as well as a great metro cafe with healthy food (fresh juice, fruit, salads etc.) and fast service. Would definitely recommend breakfast or lunch there. You can walk (15 minutes either way) to Central Park and Broadway. Be sure if you arrive with a vehicle to remove everything you may need out of it. Once they valet park it, you do not have quick access to it. It will be stacked on lifts.	
Jun 9 2008 	Ideal!	Stayed here for one night with my wife and young daughter and was a bit worried reading reviews on this and other hotels in New York. I was expecting to have to pay a fortune to get a decent hotel.The check-in was very smooth and quick - no queue - even though it was about 5pm. Staff very kind and helpful. Cookie each was most welcome.The room was a decent size, perfectly acceptable especially as we spent most of our time out and about. The minibar was a bit dusty - curious as the rest of the room was very clean. Perhaps it was because no-one uses the minibar as it is expensive.We had a wonderful time here and would definitely return. If we had to find fault (and this is being really picky) it would be that the bathroom is slightly on the small side. Definitely recommended!	
Jun 8 2008 	Very Pleasant Experience	We had the pleasure of staying at the Doubletree Metropolitan on Lexington Avenue this past weekend as an anniversary getaway. The room was clean and pleasant, the bedding was comfortable and the many pillows on the bed were a definite plus. While we did not have a street view, we had a quiet room with no traffic noise. The room was equipped with a pay bar and honor snacks. I would have liked a coffee maker but there was a lovely metro cafe next door. The hotel staff was friendly and courteous. I would stay here again.	
Jun 6 2008 	Fantastic caring hotel	What a great hotel! The cookies on arrival (we had 2 each) and the free bottle of water certainly helped after our flight. The room was a good size, bathroom a bit small but who lives in there anyway. Concierge were very helpful and gave great suggestions of places to visit. The hotel is in a great location close to the subway system and in walking distance of many of the shops and places of interest. Didn't eat there so can't say what that was like. Got billed for minibar use which we didn't do but there was no problem correcting this, All staff were friendly and eager to help.We went to see Legally Blonde - fantastic. If you like the film you'll love the musical. Booked a bus tour which was great value with NY Sightseeing. For $49 we had an uptown and downtown hop on/hop off tours, a Brooklyn and night tour (which both lasted about 1 1/2 which you stayed on the bus) and a free 75 minute cruise to see the Statue of Liberty which we didn't have time for. We did catch the Staten Island Ferry which was free and goes close enough to get great photos. It only took 20 minutes too.As far as shopping is concerned everything is so cheap compared to the UK. Found more clothes to buy in Macy's but did have some lovely 7 For Mankind jeans in Bloomingdales. Bought a bracelet in Tiffany's which was too big but was able to get links taken out for free and could pick it up 4 hours later.I love New York and can't wait to return. Hoping to stay in the Doubletree Met again too.	
Jun 3 2008 	They went the extra mile!	Wonderful Experience. Great front desk, outstanding manager &quot;Tony&quot;-kudos to him he made all the difference!The first night we stayed in the room, AC was not working properly, next day I went to the front desk to let them know, when we returned from our day of sightseeing, we'd been put on the 17th executive floor - very nice room-by the house manager at the time &quot;Tony&quot;, he also threw in 2 days of Breakfast Buffet. The staff from the front desk, to the resteraunt were very nice, I'd definitely return and recommend!	
Jun 3 2008 	Okay but no coffee maker?	The location is very good - just a few blocks from Grand Central and other attractions in the city. I have never seen a hotel in New York that did not offer a coffee maker in the room, however, and the halls were not very clean. Housekeeping was slow, not arriving to clean the room until after 5:30. The room was serviceable, if spartan. Would we stay again? We would check other places first.	
May 31 2008 	Where's the coffee?	We stayed at this hotel for 5 days, May 23-28, 2008.Arrival was great. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, not only for us but for our friends arriving the next day as well. The free welcome cookies are great and have everyone commenting. It's a great hook.The room is just average, the bathroom on the small side, but for the price we paid (this is New York, deals are hard to come by) it was all good.Two problems:One: there is no in-room coffee. This is the first North American hotel we've stayed in that did not have a coffee-maker in the room. Don't know if this is a New York thing or a Doubletree thing, but we are accustomed to making coffee in-room first thing in the morning. So then we thought, make our own with a french press - but they apparently have NO kettles to loan guests either! So you are forced either to have breakfast in their over-priced restaurant (we did not - their loss) or go elsewhere.Fortunately there is a MacDonald's and a couple of reasonably priced cafes offering breakfast in the same block. They got our business instead. Sorry, Doubletree, but if you're going to give this business away, that's your problem.Two: The porters and &quot;security&quot; staff. One night we arrived back at the hotel to return to our room around 11:00 p.m. I would not consider this late by New York standards. Had to show our room key to a security guard at the elevator entrance. I have no problem with this - but some notice (like when checking in) to expect this would have been nice. As well, the porters were in such a hurry to make a tip and hussle us out the front door when we left that we were in the taxi before we realized that we had forgotten to check out.! Fortunately we had paid our bill in full already. The driver was returning to the hotel so he returned our room keys (we called and checked upon returning home). However, it seems to me that rushing guests out of the hotel lobby quite so quickly could cause several problems. It might be an idea for the hotel to ask their porters to at least make sure guests have checked out first!	
May 31 2008 	Good choice for Midtown	Decent size room for the price. Location was good and room was clean. I had a meeting at the Waldorf located across the street. Room rates were half what the Waldorf was charging. I had a couple of minor problems. The TV came on in the middle of the night several times. I solved the problem by unplugging it. Also, the room was a bit warm and I couldn't get the AC to work. I opened the window which wasn't too bad because I had an interior room. The staff was very friendly and was able to recommend several restaurants nearby.	
May 31 2008 	Doubletree Cookies	We have just got back from a 5 day stay at the Doubletree Metropolitan and would recommend it. Great location but close enough to walk to the majority of the attractions and directly opposite the Grayline tour bus, very good value at 74 dollars per person for a 3 day all loops tour plus a night tour along with a Statue of Liberty ferry trip. The staff are mostly friendly and especially helpful and knowledgeable was Kimberli the concierge. The guy that checked us in advised on of a very sensitive minibar snacks system and if we needed a fridge to store our own drinks just ask and they would supply us one. Beds in both the rooms we booked for our family we very comfortable, clean bathrooms and toiletries. Rooms were well cleaned and serviced daily. No tea or coffee facilities in the room which seems to be the norm for New York. The only downside to this hotel was the Fire Station &amp; Police station at the end of the block, which due to the one way system all emergency vehicle traffic passes your room especially if you have a front or side facing room you will hear a variety of sirens through the night. Book your limo if you want one through the hotel and at all costs avoid Lincoln Limo's of New York www.lincolnlimousine.com unless you are particularly fond of rallying in city traffic in a battered filthy LIMO with only one working seatbelt and a driver who had very successful charisma bypass operation and paying 152 dollars for the experience. Not exactly the surprise I had hoped for my family when telling them as we walked through arrivals that one of the smartly dressed Chauffeurs with name boards will be for us. Ours arrived after several phone calls with a driver who matched the shabby exterior of the car perfectly. Please do yourself a favour and avoid at all costs	
May 30 2008 	Excellent	We absolutley loved it here. The staff were so nice and helpful. The rooms were a great size especially for New York. Very modern and up to date. The bed was the most comfortable bed I ever slept in. Will definitley stay here again. Cant Wait!!	
May 28 2008 	Convenient Yet Quiet Location	We just returned from a long weekend in NYC. We stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan at 51st and Lexington. The check-in process was fairly slow, but the bell staff was on top of luggage storage...perhaps because they charge $1/bag to store and $1/bag to retrieve each piece! I found that to be a bit over the top. All in all, the hotel was great. It was just a short 3-5 block walk to Rockefeller Center and the subway stop was just around the corner from the hotel. The breakfast buffet was nothing to write home about. I'm just not a fan of buffets. It was adequate, but not worth the $24 they charge for it. Who wants to eat at the hotel when you're in NYC, anyway... right?!?! A few random notes: The hotel towels were above average quality. We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes to get the elevator -- and we were on a high floor. The recent remodel was a success. The rooms are nicely appointed and the lobby/lounge are modern looking. The hotel offers Neutrogena bath products, including facial cleanser and facial lotion. You can actually open the window in your room about 4 inches to let in the sounds and smells of the city, if you dare. If you are looking for a convenient, reasonably priced hotel in Manhattan, but don't want to be in the Times Square area, you should definitely consider the Doubletree Metropolitan!	
May 27 2008	Excellent stay	We recently stayed four nights at the Doubletree Metropolitan and had a fantastic stay. We booked a standard double room which was a comfortable size (not huge, this is NYC after all) with enough space to easily spread out a couple of suitcases and still walk around. The bathroom was lovely, great shower, nice toiletries and the bed was extremely comfy. From a quick skim of the comments here it looks like this hotel has undergone renovation recently and we certainly didn't experience any of the issues with cleanliness or faded decor that earlier reviewers had. Our room was on the third floor - perhaps it is best to ask for a lower floor room to ensure you get one that is renovated? Although, we didn't see any signs of renovation so it's possibly completed by now.Location is excellent, right next door to subway stop and walking distance to Rockefeller Centre, 5th Avenue, Central Park etc. On other reviewers' recommendations we tried the Metro Cafe next door for breakfast and ended up eating there everyday, good for a quick bite before heading off to see the city. What else? Staff aren't always a barrel of laughs, but that isn't really an issue if the rest of your stay goes well. Only disappointment was that we missed out on the fabled check in cookie but made up for it at Elenis Bakery at Chelsea Market. We hadn't heard of the market before we arrived but did a tour of it with a Foods of New York walking tour and can fully recommended for any foodie visitor to the Big Apple!	
May 20 2008 	Very Handy Hotel -	Hotel is in a very handy spot and within walking distance of the NBC studios!Charming hotel, on check in they give you a complimentary warm cookie!Room was a decent size, well used but clean!Although the room was warm and at a constant temperature, the heater was broken which prevented us giving the room that little extra boost of heat thats nice in the evenings!The view was magnificant, although it was my first time in NY so it was rose tinted glasses all the way!Oh yea - the first night of our stay it rained buckets! - Umbrellas were 35 dollars in the hotel shop! a little overpriced if you ask me!	
May 19 2008 	Wonderful Stay	Observations: My wife, infant daughter, and I stayed here for a weekend in May. We arrived before the normal check-in time, but the front desk was extremely accomodating. Our front desk agent, Alexandra (?) was very friendly and made us feel very welcome. Our room was clean and nicely furnished. We had requested a crib, and this was brought fairly promptly. My wife wanted some ice, and as I was wandering down the hall with the bucket, a housekeeping staff person went way out of her way to direct me to the ice machine and to give me an extra bag to get some more ice, as the bucket was on the small side. Once I arrived back at the room, we received a phone call from downstairs asking if everything in the room was ok. I definitely appreciated the effort the staff seemed to put in to making sure we were taken care of. Lastly, on the day of our check-out, the bellmen (their names were Luis and Reginald) were very helpful in arranging a car service to the airport for us at a reasonable price. Location: This is in a great location, literally right above the 6 train and a short walk to the E also. Complaints? Not many, and not major in my mind. But here they are: - Concierge desk: went to ask for restaurant recommendations and they did not seem caring, nor did they really want to take the time to describe anything, give me a map, offer to make a reservation, etc. And there was no line behind me either. I found them rather snooty. - Minibar: snack items on the desk were dusty. I didn't indulge in any items and was charged for one. However, the charge was promptly removed (no questions asked) when I brought it up to the front desk.	
May 16 2008 	Great location great hotel great cookies!!!	When we were looking for a hotel in NYC, we based it on three things - location (we wanted Midtown), ratings on Trip Advisor and ratings from Expedia users. The Doubletree scored high on all three - and when we arrived, tired after our long flight from Heathrow, we weren't disappointed. The location is fantastic - a few blocks from the Chrysler building and close to Central Park. There's also a Subway station nearby. The service was excellent, warm, friendly and helpful. The room itself was great - spacious, warm and welcoming, with a great big bed and powerful shower. Best of all were the complimentary Doubletree cookies - absolutely delicious! Overall, this is a great hotel which I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone visiting New York. 10 out of 10! P.S. If you're tired after a hard day's sightseeing, pay a visit to the hotel restaurant on the lower ground floor - The Met Grill. Fantastic burgers, superb Argentinian Merlot and excellent service - at a good price! (Just don't be put off by the slightly faded 80's decor!)	
May 6 2008 	Not user friendly	This hotel in well placed in Lexington Avenue within walking distance of most of the attractions in Manhattan.The room was reasonable although far from completely comfortable. The facilities were sparse, with no shelf in the bathroom for any make-up or a toothbrush, no mirror on the dressing table, and the bed was a bit lumpy albeit with clean sheets.The reception staff were cold and impersonal - during the check-in process the girl behind the desk could hardly be bothered and didn't actually look up once.We never ever open mini-bars in any of the hotels we stay in but I still received a bill on the day of checkout for imaginary drinks we had supposedly consumed - this charge was only grudgingly removed at my insistence and the cashier made her disbelief in my protest quite obvious. We stayed for three nights and on two nights we were woken up at 3am by the hotel telephonist trying to contact a person with a different name - when I told her she'd got the wrong room the phone was put down both times with no apology for waking us in the middle of the night.The previous hotel we stayed in was the Marriott in Times Square and compared to this place I would go back there like a shot - this one is to be avoided in my view.	
Apr 30 2008 	Graet	Metropolitan Lexinton.Fantastic.Good location. Great Hotel.Ask for a king (bigger room). Loved it.Breakfast is great worth every penny. Ask for very hot water for your tea. Loved it, loved it, loved it.	
Apr 29 2008 	A great choice!	For my hubby's birthday, we booked a 5 day trip to the Big Apple. The hotel was great! We loved the retro feel. The room was small but clean and comfortable. The bathroom was good. The night we arrived there was a warm cookie waiting for us, and it was a really nice touch. The towels were changed promptly every day and the hotel offered little bottles of Neutrogena products like shampoo, lotion etc. The location of this hotel was ok, but it was a decent 30 minute hike to Times Square.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel but opted for the little breakfast/lunch joint next door called Metro Cafe. Absolutely loved it! So fast, the food was good and prices just right!	
Apr 28 2008	Exceeded Expectations	When I found out that my company had booked me into a hotel that was under $200 a night in NYC I was nervous, but the Doubletree exceeded my expectations. I was able to check in early (around 1:00). No rooms with one bed were available, so I took two double beds. Although the beds took up the majority of the floor space, the room was definitely larger than expected and equivalent in size to rooms I've had in other cities, whereas I ususally find NY rooms to be miniature. Desk set up was also functional and flat panel TV was nice.I found the beds to be extremely comfortable. I was on the 19th floor. No real view, looked out onto some lower rooftops, but away from the street so it was very quiet. I also didn't hear neighbors on either side (not sure if hotel was full, but lobby was busy). I found this to be one of my quieter hotel stays and slept better than I usually do in hotels.My only complaints are that the hotel room was a bit musty and temperature did not seem highly adjustable (although I did like that you could leave the unit on for venting and background noise). Only serious problem was that the bathroom smelled VERY strongly of mildew and mildew was visible between tiles and on the bottom of the shower curtain. Given the very small size of the bathroom, this was quite unpleasant.I thought the location was good. An easy walk to Times Square and even walkable to Herald Square shopping. Not as convenient to restaurants. This is kind of away from both the tourist areas and the neighborhoods (in more of a business district) so I guess it depends on what kind of atmosphere you're looking for.	
Apr 28 2008 	Yes the rooms are small - and there are other small issues. However...	I am a picky traveler - no two ways about it. I was dubious about a hotel in NYC for $150 a night (not to mention that their parking is only $30 ... compared with upwards of $50 most other places). However, I was pleasantly surprised ... my requested room type was arranged without hesitation from the staff, the front desk clerks were VERY friendly and helpful.The room is small, but it was a one-night stopover en-route from Philadelphia to New Hampshire, so space was not a requirement. The room was comfortable and well-appointed (NYC chic). I did take issue with one thing, however. Per the terms of HH Diamond membership, Doubletree properties are supposed to provide internet free of charge to members (either that or breakfast). When I contacted the property, they indicated that I would have to pay the $11 access charge for the internet ... I found that to be irritating, but would not stop me from returning. The location, at 50th &amp; Lex is right in the heart of things, with a subway stop literally right outside the door. The staff was able to direct us to a great little area for a late dinner (midnight on a Sunday night) called Little West 12th St, in the meatpacking district. VERY hip and trendy. Overall a pleasant experience.	
Apr 25 2008	Good Value	Just returned from two night stay at this hotel. As others reviewers posted, the rooms are a bit on the small side, but doable even for a family of four. The bathrooms are small but not as small as I feared. The water pressure in the shower was very good. The location is handy, I walked with my two children to Rockefeller Center, American Girl store and even Times Square (10 blocks). The Metro Cafe down by the lobby is good for quick meals. There's an Ess-a-bagel one block away, and a Starbucks on the corner as well.The hotel (rooms) could have been a little cleaner. The first room we got faced an adjacent building only about 10 feet away. No view at all. That was on the third floor. Requested a change, got a room on the 8th floor overlooking 51st St. Not really a view but something to look at rather than a wall. This room had a bit of an odor so I cracked the window and that took care of it. The beds were comfortable, but small. Double-sized, not queens. So not a lot of room for two.Beware of the cookies if you or your kids have nut allegries. They have walnuts in them. The front desk should tell you this when they hand them out. After being on the road for 4 hours, my kids eagerly took a bite only to have me tell them to spit it out because of the walnuts.Finally, after checking out of the hotel, we asked them to hold our bags as we weren't leaving until later that evening. Maybe this is typical in NY but we were charged $8 for this convenience. Also, no valet parking available here. Overall for the price, a little over $200 per night, a very good deal.	
Apr 25 2008 	OK for NYC	I've stayed in the Doubletree a few times and am Diamond Preferred at Hilton, so am treated well. That said, this hotel must be under renovation, as rooms on lower levels seem nice, while higher floors smell like an old hotel definitely have not been renovated recently.The executive lounge is only open for breakfast, not all day, and is of a lower quality than most. The rooms are cheap, at times, for NYC and wireless internet is fairly consistent, but I recommend getting a room on a lower floor, away from the elevators, as you can hear the elevators moving up and down all night if you are near them.Hotel does not provide coffee in the rooms, which is not convenient and even worse if you can't go to the 17th floor executive lounge for a cup.	
Apr 25 2008 	Very pleased overall	This hotel was just what I was looking for in NY. Good midtown location within walking distance of 5th Ave, with a subway stop literally on the corner that made getting up and down the city very easy. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Everything seemed freshly decorated. Our twin room was nicer than I expected, to be honest - the beds were comfortable and a good distance apart, there was a flat-screen TV, a minibar, a hairdryer, internet access, a safe, and still room for a desk, small chest of drawers and closet. This being NY, I was prepared for a small hotel room but it was actually bigger than I expected. The bathroom is a bit cramped but adequate, with nice water pressure. And the room was pretty quiet (though no where in Manhattan is safe from the sound of sirens).I thought it was good value for the price. Midtown isn't for everyone - it is a bit of a restaurant desert compared to other areas - but if that's the location you're looking for, I'd recommend this.	
Apr 23 2008 	Comfy beds great location	We were in Ney York for 4 days and this was a perfect hotel for our stay. The subway is right outside the door, there are great restauraunts and bars within a 3 block radius. The rooms were clean and big. The beds were very comfortable and we got a very good night sleep. The bathroom was good and in general the space in the room was larger compared to other NY hotels in that price range. The carpets in the common areas look a little worn, otherwise it has a Double Tree feel.Staff were very helpful and informative on suggestions. I would definetly stay here again. We did not eat at the hotel but the bar downstairs is great for a quick drink or a night cap.	
Apr 21 2008 	Nice but Nondescript Midtown Hotel	We stayed at the Doubletree last weekend. The location is close to a subway stop with connections on East and West sides, but otherwise in the middle of an office district in Manhattan which means walking several blocks to most restaurants and nighlife. The staff was friendly, the room was large for Mahattan standards but bland with a very small bathroom. I would say it is fine for business travel especially but I wouldn't look to stay again for a weekend getaway. Parking is $30 at the garage around the corner.	
Apr 18 2008	Nice safe option for Midtown	A group of friends were coming to NYC for a Yankees game and we wanted to stay in Midtown for good proximity to the game and to nightlife -- in the other direction. This place is well located about half a mile walk from Time Square. Getting to the game and Greenwich Village via subway were both pretty easy.The hotel has little local flavor (though the hotel bar isn't bad), but clean and has nice appointments (TV, shower, bed) and the price is not crazy high.	
Apr 17 2008 	Small but Comfortable in New York	I recently stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan in New York City for 2 nights on business. I really haven't picked a favorite hotel in New York and because of the wide range of rates I haven't been able to establish a favorite, rather a list that I prefer and book based on who has the best rate when I am in town. I have to say that this hotel is definitely going on that list. While I have never found my &quot;perfect&quot; hotel in New York, the Doubletree Metropolitan definitely beats out most I have stayed in here including such 5 star favorites such as the Waldorf Astoria. The hotel has apparently undergone a renovation because everything is very clean and new. I enjoyed the theme the hotel was going with. On check in, the staff were very friendly and helpful and continued throughout my entire stay. The staff at this hotel is some of the best I have experienced at any hotel in New York. The room, while small, is amazingly functional. For those of you who have never been in New York, hotel rooms in the city are generally smaller then most cities (200-250 sq ft on average). Good hotels make good use of the space and this hotel is one of them. I had a king bed, small sofa, desk and stool in my room and felt completely comfortable. The only time you notice the size is when you stare at the walls (which for frequent travelers happens from time to time). The rooms furnishings all appear new and in very good shape. The bathroom is a nice size for New York with great pressure and hot water. The room had a plasma TV which you could swivel at the desk or in bed. Speaking of the bed it was very nice, one of my favorites this year. The climate control in the room worked very well, for those of you who like a cold room to sleep in, you will like this one. You can also crack the window for fresh air which I always appreciate when I start to feel hotel claustrophobic.The fitness center has plenty of equipment, both cardio and free weights and all are in good shape.Overall I would definitely stay here again. I was comfortable in the room and the staff were wonderful. I still haven't found my favorite New York hotel yet but this one makes the list of return visits.	
Apr 16 2008 	Good Location	We arrived at the Hotel and checked in at 1 pm the receptionist said they had no Executive King Rooms ready at this time so we said that we would leave our bags and check in later,she then said she had one available on the 16th floor.The Expedia website states these Executive King Rooms are on the 17-18th floor.We went to the room and it was a small queen room.Back in reception I complained about this and was told this was an executive king so I showed the rececptionist the picture on her counter the room I had just viewed and it was a queen room.We were advised to leave our bags in the room and not touch anything and come back at 3pm to guarantee a larger room on the 17th or 18 floor. At 3pm I saw a different receptionist I explained this problem to her and she immediately called for Tony pressumeably her manager who tried to tell me that was what I paid for .Once again after the 3rd time of explaining he offered me 2 rooms to view on the 17th and 19th floor .We took the room 1708 on the 17th floor this room had a king bed and was much larger than the original room.This room was great,clean,tidy and lots of toileteries.Tony later phoned to see if the room was ok and my wife spoke to him and said it was great.Don't let them fob you of with a smaller room than you have paid for.The picture of the Executive King is larger than the real thing.The location is great,subway station on the corner of 51st..Central Park 15min walk..times square 30mins walk.If you have time go shopping to Woodbury Commons its approx 1 hr from the Port Authority Bus Terminal great prices on original designer gear.	
Apr 14 2008	Doubly disappointed	Stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan on Lexington for 5 nights from April 10 and was extremely disappointed. Hotel room was shabby, wardrobe tiny and clearly built in in the 60's - smelled so old we just could not bring ourselves to hang our clothes in it. Bathroom tiny and again maybe was state of the art in the early 60's when the hotel opened but is now dated and missing any sign of luxury. No bath sheets or bath/shower gels, just tiny bath, tiny towels and basic toiletries. During our 5 night stay our room was not tidied once - only the beds were made. Decor drab and dated. Staff were pleasant enough and location is excellent, but no way is this hotel worth the money and for value and comfort it fell way behind any other New York hotel I have stayed in - not a dive but certainly nothing special.	
Apr 14 2008	Really nothing that positive about the stay	Stayed here for 6 nights and really had nothing positive to write about the hotel (perhaps the complimentary cookies at check in). Was visiting NYC for work, and having lived in the city for a while, was looking for a clean room that would give me a quiet night of sleep. On the first day at 8:30am on a Saturday, I was shocked to hear loud drilling, sawing and construction taking place in the adjoining room. Sawdust also seeped through the connecting door into my room which started smelling like a wood shop. Called the front desk who politely apologized and said that there was nothing they could do as it was mission critical work - which I refuse to believe as this was evidently planned for a while given the scale of work. My request to have them wait an hour before I left the room was also denied, though was offered a new room. Spoke to the manager as well, who was apologetic and polite but also concluded that there was nothing that could be done. I was offered a new room but had to wait till the afternoon when one become available - inconveniencing some meetings I had in the afternoon. So clearly, day 1 started on the wrong foot. A security guard also had the nerve to tell me &quot;we take tips here by the way&quot;. Unreal. The rest of the trip was average - room was clean, bathrooms shower curtain was old and didn't smell good, walls were thin so neighboring TV's could be heard....basically, am sure there are a lot other hotels in the area and the city for the same price, and I struggle to see why I should recommend this place.	
Apr 8 2008	There are better hotels just around the corner at a better price	As mentioned in other reviews the hotel staff are all very friendly and professional. The room was pretty shabby though. The paint in the bathroom was peeling off the cieling and everything just looks dingy. And this is really small and really picky, but they don't offer room service until 7:00 a.m. and I need to have coffee as soon as I wake up, which was much earlier.I've been to NY a few times on business and I know not to expect what you would get in other cities as far as space and value for the money. But I think this place is a little overpriced as far as quality. The location is great though.	
Mar 31 2008 	Average stay	We were booked in to the Doubletree for four nights at the beginning of March and had a pretty average time. When we arrived we were greeted by a very pleasent receptionist who was extremely helpful and polite. We checked in with no problems and were handed our two warm cookies. The room itself was fine - not massive, but we werent expecting it. A big highlight for me was the bed - we had two doubles in our room and they were huge and extremely comfortable, especially the pillows! The bathroom was clean and we were given Neutrogena products every day. The hotel restaurant staff were great and even let me have whatever i wanted on the breakfast buffet even though i only paid for scrambled eggs!Now for the bad points - no tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms. I know there are more coffee places in NY than you can shake a stick at but when you fancy one as soon as you wake up you don't expect to have to pay ridiculous money for room service. Also, the concierge was so unhelpful - either he'd had a bad day or he was just plain miserable but we found him rude and unpleasent. We were also allocated a room at the back of the hotel which meant our view consisted of an ugly tower block. All in all the hotel was okay - fab location and a good nights sleep, but don't expect anything more. For a little bit extra i would recommend the Marriot Marquis on Time Square - i've stayed there before and it's a class above the Doubletree (no cookies though...!)	
Mar 31 2008 	Good Location Close to everything.	Had a great time in NYC, the hotel staff was friendly and the room was just right for two people. A good place to stay with your family because there was so many places to eat and the food prices were reasonable.. you can walk to Time Square or take the Subway that was at the corner of are hotel..Will stay here again..	
Mar 27 2008 	Good location but nothing more to say.	We stayed here for 5 nights recently and the hotel itself was clean and had been recently updated in the front lobby area. bearing in mind you had a bit of a reality check once you reached your floor and saw the tired looking corridors/walk ways. Having been in Toronto for the previous 4 nights though, we realised how spoilt we'd been with that hotel.On arrival to which we were early we were unsure whether we would be able to check in and didn't expect it, however we were greeted by the receptionist who must had a bad start to the day and had a right face on her!! On checking in, she confirmed to us that we were booked in for 2 nights which we stated at the time was incorrect and that we were actually booked in for 5, this she argued until she actually gave me chance to show the hotel voucher which stated 5. She then proceeded out the back to which my husband and I expected this to have been dealt with on her return, to which we got an all ok and she checked us in gave us a cookie without no have a nice day or nothing.The room was small (which i expected) but clean and fresh, looked at the mini bar but didn't actually touch it realising you only had 20 secs, also some of the stuff looked like it had been on their years!!! Bathroom was ok, small and relatively clean with good assortment of shampoo etc. Best thing was the hairdryer, didn't even unpack mine as this was so good.The crunch came when after 2 nights stay we woke up to find a checking out form underneath our door!! My husband phoned down reception who were adament that we were only booked in for 2 nights and we were checking out that day. Never have i got dressed so quick to resolve this, having already contacted the company who'd organised our trip who confirmed the booking and emails confirmation all stated 5 nights!! The receptionist (different to the one on check in), just kept stating &quot;our system shows 2 nights and you're checking out today&quot; as you can understand things started to get a little strained. Luckily a deputy manager was near and overheard there was a problem and he informed the receptionist what to do and how to approach it, it was then we explained that we'd thought the problem had been resolved on check-in and didn't expect this half way through our stay. At this time the hotel excepted no responsibility for the error whilst they had no proof of the booking document, to which i then spent the next hour on my mobile phoning the UK to get the company to fax over the necessary documents. Even they stated that the hotel were not too helpful as they were ringing them to try and confirm that this had been received!! Finally the DM told us not to worry about this and we should wait till later to see if this had been sorted. A complimentary voucher for breakfast was given as a goodwill to try and appease us, but to us it was a little too late. After this i wouldn't give the hotel the satisfaction of giving them any more of my ,Overall after this i was really disapointed with the way we'd been treated and i would have to think strongly about returning here.	
Mar 25 2008 	All around good bargain	I was pleasently surprised with this place. We stayed for four nights and had a very good stay. We were placed on a high floor, away from the elevator and without much noise from either neighboring guests or the street. I requested all of these things when we checked in and they delivered. The room was a bit small, but had all the necessary furniture including desk and chair, mini bar and ample storage for clothing and luggage. Everything was clean and well-maintained. The bed was very comfortable and soft. Sheets were clean and soft, and the bed had plenty of blankets and pillows, which was nice as I like lots of pillows. Cookies at check-in were a nice surprise, and all of the staff were accommodating.I would stay here again, I feel it is a good value to stay in NYC, has a premier location in midtown, is clean and spacious enough (it is NYC after all), and has comfortable beds.	
Mar 23 2008 	Value for money but not perfect	Location is great. just walking distance from 5th avenue and central park and even times square is not that far away if you are not used to do everything by car! Room was spacious and we sat on a corner where the fire cars passed but they didnt make enough noise to awake you. We had a room with a connecting door and that was irritating because you hear everything in the room next to you. So make sure you do not have that! We were on the 4th floor.Bathroom wasn't cleaned very good (hairs in the bath tub). But overall it was decent.We had dinner once because of the bad weather but I wouldn't recommend it.Given prices in NY it is value for money but I think there are better options.	
Mar 22 2008	Decent Internet Price and a walk away from Grand Central	Fiance and I stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and thought it was one of the best prices out of all the midtown hotels. $160 a night, clean room, nice flat screen TV &amp; a busy lobby bar.We loved the warm chocolate chip cookies on arrival! We didn't spend much time in the hotel room as there is so much to do in NYC so it was perfect for that reason and at that price.	
Mar 21 2008 	The pictures on the web site are very different to the hotel	This hotel was under renavations when we went there, but having said that the hotel badly needed to be renevated. This hotel is 4 blocks from Times Square and is not really in the centre if things. The staff are not very accomadationg, and unless you show them money they are not willing to help you. You do have to pay a certain fee to leave your bags into storage while you have checked out of the room. It costs 1 doller per bag and 1 doller per bag when you are taking the bags out plus tip. Its a joke. We choose a double King Size room, non smoking. The duvets that they have, have no covers on them, so we desided to ask downstairs at reception and they said that they wash the duvets each time, but why was our duvet filthy. They replaced the duvet with no cover.We had dinner downstairs and Breakfast it cost €63 dollers for 2 of us for a breakfast.And for the dinner it cost €35. Everything was fried that was on the menu.&amp; very expensive.We were not impressed with the Metropolitan Double Tree New York,Glad to go back home	
Mar 14 2008	Great location and value	We stayed at thie hotel with another couple and all of us thought it was great for the price, and the location couldn't have been better for shopping and seeing most of the sites. The warm cookie I'd heard about at check in is true..and delicious!It seems like certain parts of the hotel have been modernised such as the bedrooms and restaurant/reception area. Our room was spacious and had a massive really comfortable bed with white sheets and was very clean. The hallway was a bit shabby but that didn't matter.A few negatives: you get charged for the mini bar even if you pick something up for more than 20 seconds! You also get charged to store your suitcases if you have a later flight. Only $4 but I've never come across that before. Tips for NYC in general: Great restaurants - Balthazar, McCormick &amp; Schmicks, Nero, and Empire Diner in Chelsea is great for breakfast! Also the Boathouse restaurant in Central Park is definitely worth a visit.	
Mar 4 2008 	There's better places to stay in the City...	We booked this through Expedia so the price was right ($153/night for a Saturday) but we would not stay here again. The hotel itself wasn't bad, a little run down (at least the 5th floor was) but the room wasn't ready when we checked in at 1pm and they charged us $4 to hold the bags. Yes, I did read the reviews ahead of time but sometimes you can talk your way out of things although not this time! The bellboy told us that charging for luggage is a 'new trend' in the city however, I have not come across this at any other hotels, in New York or anywhere worldwide. Maybe it's a Hilton thing, because they don't already have enough money, right?! Must be why the prices were so reasonable. That and the bathrooms were literally the size of a small closet, with no exhaust fan. No complaints about the room (other than the ones other reviews mention). Great location though but unfortunately I would not recommend this place to anyone.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great location nice hotel	We've just come home after staying in the Doubletree for 5 nights and i'd say it was what i expected. I'd read some of the reviews and was a little nervous upon arrival being honest, i'm quite fussy - but not in a snobbish way. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a nice welcoming smile from a porter (good start) who directed us to the check in desk. The lady who dealt with us had a face that looked like it was made of stone, and was quite rude. The warm cookie was placed on the counter without saying a word, not even &quot;ENJOY YOUR STAY&quot;. But then why should i expect that when she didn't even smile or say hello! Silly as this may sound, she has actually put me off from staying there again! I absolutely hate bad manners!! That was my main gripe about the hotel really, the rooms were modern and more importantly - clean! The mini bar prices were silly, as they are in most hotels, and the hotel bar was pricey, but the decor and surroundings were nice. Nice location, not too close and not too far from the main attractions. I personally wouldn't have liked to have stayed right in the middle of time square, it's too hectic for me, and i'm still young! It's around the corner from the Rockerfeller Centre and SAKS, and there's a metro station almost next door, which is very handy. It's my second time in NYC, and while i had no major problems with the hotel, i would probably try another next time, but in the same location.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great Service Even better location!	A girlfriend and I took a trip to NYC this past January and had a fabulous time. Staying at the Doubletree Metro Hotel was perfect. This classy hotel was in an impecable location literally only steps from the Metro Station. It seemed like we could want anywhere from this hotel. The service was great. The bar tenders were fun and friendly although the prices in the bar were astoundingly expensive. There were many restaurants in the surrounding area and always a cab available when we needed on. There was no problem with sound and no need to complain. If you have the opportunity, I would highly reccomend staying at this hotel.	
Feb 17 2008 	Was not impressed!!	I stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan on Feb. 15-17, 2008. I booked the hotel based on reviews, which I will never do again. First, the highlights of the hotel: The location and the warm cookie upon arrival. The following are a list of things that made me come to the conclusion that I will never stay at this hotel again. 1. The king bedroom was very small. (14 floor)2. The toilet seat was small and plastic. The bathroom was so small when you sat on the toilet one knee touched the door and the other was on the bath tub.3. The shower was not separate from the tub and when you took a shower the water in the tub raised to the top of the tub. For $600.00 for two nights the hotel should have had a stand up shower.4. The restaurant inside the hotel prices were ridiculous!!!! A bowel of cold cereal with a banana was $12. Three buttermilk pancakes w/no sides costed $18.5. The room contain a cold wet bar and a small snack bar. Check this out, the products all had sensors on them and if you picked the product up for more then 20 seconds to actually determine if you wanted to purchase it or not, the hotel charges it to your room. 6. Upon arrival there was a card on the bed from the hotel it stated, &quot;We only clean the bed linen every three days and when you check out, if you would like your linen cleaned before then to let us know.&quot; For $600.00 I would like my bed linen washed everyday without making a request.7. Motels have HBO, the Doubletree only had basic cable and wanted you to pay for movies.For less money the hotel would have been fine however I expected more for my money. I would not recommend this hotel for the price. I saw another review on this site from a person who stayed during the same dates and he only paid $135 per night. That's a good price for the hotel that's all it is worth.	
Feb 16 2008 	Nice and good value	I stayed on Fri Feb 15 at the doubletree on lexington/51st in a room with one king bed. Good location by the subway. It was v. clean and comfortable. Clean is always key--and it was. Neutrogena products were available in the bathroom, incl. showercap, facial moisturizer with SPF30, body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel. I was in a room on the 16th floor and it was fine. Check-in was fast and they give you a warm cookie when you get there. Overall I liked it and thought it was a terrific value. Somehow I got a great rate of $135 / nite. A few minor things I observed:The pillows were too stiff and I recommend if you can to bring your own pillow. The carpet in the hallway seemed a little worn (ever so slight), and you could hear a few doors open and close at night. (Note: The 2nd floor is under renovation where they have the gym...but its not too bad. The gym had no 3 or 5 or 8 pound weights which was a bummer--but they had plenty of heavier weights for people who like heavy free weights.) They had a lot of treadmills and ellipticals etc.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great location good value	I usually try to stay at Hilton properties since I'm a Gold member and get the &quot;freebies&quot; like complementary breakfast, use of gym, etc.This Doubletree was the best priced of all the Hilton group of hotels in NYC and the location, right off the subway made it a great location, especially since the subway is the one that takes you to the Air Train and JFK (which, at $7.00 for a ride, it's one of the best values in NY).The hotel basically lived up to its other reviews. Staff was attentive and cordial. Room was small, which is typical of NYC. Everything was clean, and the towels were especially plush. Yes, it was noisy outside, but we are in New York, which as an ex-New Yorker I can attest that virtually anywhere in town will be noisy. And yes, you couldn't adjust the heat, but I can recall that no matter where I lived in NY, you couldn't do that either. And if it was too warm I simply opened the window when I got back to my room, aired the room out, closed the window, and was comfortable for the rest of the night.I'd definitely come back again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Customer Service	I have stayed at the Doubletree on Lexington Avenue a number of times and have always had a good experience. This time however, the experience was excellent. The customer service was outstanding, the staff could not have been more helpful. They answered questions, provided us with more toiletries and upgraded our room on check-in.The room was extremely quiet (we were on the 18th floor) and very clean. I like the fact that rather than bedspreads they have comforters covered with a sheet that can be cleaned after each visit. The bath products were excellend and included face cream and face wash.I like the location because it is within walking distance of Times Square, but is away from the crowds. The hotel is right across from the Waldorf Astoria which has a great bar. There are wonderful neighborhood restaurants nearby on 2nd and 3rd Avenues.One of the best things about the Doubletree hotel is that you get free warm chocolate chip cookies every day.	
Feb 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel is a fantastic find in New York. Located within walking distance of all the big attractions in Manhattan, shopping &amp; restaurants it makes a perfect hub whilst staying in the city. There are two subway station's across the street and Grand Central is within a ten minute walk away, and from there its easy to get all over. The staff are so friendly, and will do anything that they can to help make your stay as comfortable and easy as possible and provided valuable information about getting around and where to go. The rooms are a fair size and clean! We will certainly be returning here when we go back!	
Feb 12 2008	great value and location	Just count us as another set of very satisfied customers. Rooms very simple but clean and comfy, and they serve their purpose well (i.e., eight hour breaks between meals, shows, shopping, walking, etc.). Warm welcome, nice bar, perfect spot to reach just about anything in Manhattan via walk/cab/subway. Value for dollar simply can't be beat, and we know having stayed at around 12 different hotels in Manhattan on various deals over the past six years (only one we liked more - Sofitel). Will certainly go back and advocate the Doubletree for anyone that would rather spend their money on food/drinks/cabs/museums then on a hotel room. Only recommended addition would be coffeemaker in the room, but the cart on 55th had the perfect bagel/coffee deal anyways. Only &quot;issue&quot; was the noise factor - rooms are small and close, you can hear doors opening and closing all the time - but in the big picture it wasn't a big deal. Thanks to all the other reviewers for leading us here, we appreciate it!	
Feb 12 2008 	Fabulous Deal for Manhattan	Every time I've stayed here, I've had a great experience and the last visit was even better. They upgraded me to a higher floor and the room was so quiet!!The room was a little small for two double beds, but you're not in the room much, so that's fine. The location is perfect walking distance to the Theatre District and next to a subway stop.All of the employees there were very friendly and always helpful.	
Feb 9 2008 	great midtown location great hotel	We stayed 2 nights, Feb 7 and 8, for a weekend in NYC. VERY EFFICIENT check-in. We arrived at noon and a room was ready. The rooms are small, but clean and comfortable. And, really, how much time do you want to spend in your room when you have NYC outside to explore? We booked on the hotel website with an AAA rate for less than $200 per night. Parking is only $30 a night (good rate for Midtown) and the website driving directions get you right to the garage. The hotel has a cool retro 60s decor and it works - the lobby and bar are great looking spaces. A subway stop right on the corner, good take-out sandwiches also on the corner, and Belgian chocolates (Neuhaus) between the corner and hotel entrance. NYC is a great walking city and the Doubletree is centrally located. For an interesting walking tour of the East Village, try ---.com. Anecdotal, historical facts about NYC punk/rock moments and entertaining host!	
Feb 9 2008 	Nearly Perfect	We were very pleased with our stay at the Doubletree. We arrived there after a long International flight and were very tired. The front desk checked us in quickly and efficiently. For some unknown reason we were upgraded to a mini suite. Nice surprise. The warm cookies at check-in were a plus. Our room was comfortable and clean. When we checked out we mentioned the good cookies and we were given two more &quot;for the road&quot;. Excellent service from the front desk. The location of the hotel is excellent. There is a subway station practically outside the front door. I only have one complaint. We were charge per bag to store our luggage for two hours the next day. I have never been charged to store luggage in any hotel I've ever stayed in. Usually a tip is all that is expected. Here they charge per bag and also expect a tip. I would have scored this hotel &quot;excellent&quot; if it weren't for their baggage storage policy.	
Feb 7 2008 	Great Value Very Nice Rooms	The building itself is an interesting piece of architecture. Since the hotel was renovated, some of the furniture was chosen to reflect the 1960's atmosphere.The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. This is an above-average doubletree.I felt the reception did lack some cosiness (it felt like a train station passageway at times). Heads up for the warm cookies offered upon arrival.	
Feb 3 2008	Beware of Extra Costs!!!	After staying in various hotels on the west coast i booked this hotel after reading pretty good reviews on Trip Advisor. Let me say right now that maybe all NY hotels run this way but i was shocked at all the extra's i had to pay what seemes a lot of extra...which i did not find in any of the west coast hotels we stayed in on our trip. The room itself was ok, the bathroom tiny and the decor in the bathroom poor (peeling paint on ceiling etc). Having spent a week in L.A i was used to tipping but this seemed crazy!Here is a list of costs........Mini Bar broken....anything we wanted we had to order from room service......and tip the staff!No water in the room...2 small bottles 12 dollars! (free in all the previous hotels on our stay)Internet...24 hours 12 dollars! (free in all the previous hotels on our stay)Needed to print 1 page of a receipt for a tour of NY...3 dollars! (free in all the previous hotels on our stay)Leave bags at hotel as we had a later flight after check in...Had to pay to leave the bags and pay to pick them up again!!!!(free in all the previous hotels on our stay)As i said before..perhaps this is how hotels work in NY but to be honest it left a sour taste in my mouth as it felt like at every turn someone wanted to make a quick buck out of us .The hotel itself is not great..nice reception and ground floor but once the elevator doors open on your level.....its a different story.I know it is confusing on Trip advisor....one person says great...the other says [-]....but trust me......NY has better places i am sure!	
Feb 1 2008 	OK stay	Service and lobby was nice, but room was small, hot, and needed remodeling. All of this made the price I paid ridiculous. However, I sent an email through the website about my problems and they deducted a good amount from the bill.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great location good value!	This hotel was great value for the location - it was very central and within walking distance of many attractions. Our room was clean, with good decor and comfy beds, although some small details were a little shabby and the bathroom could do with some updating. The reception area and bar looked great, with a brilliant contemporary design. Overall a good stay and excellent value!	
Jan 28 2008	Not Bad	My friend and I stayed here for a quick weekend trip and didn't expect much, what with the incredibly low rate we got through AAA. But we were both really surprised by the hotel's appearance (we expected a dump and it was anything but) and staff (incredibly friendly and very helpful). Of course, getting delicious cookies whenever we asked for them -- and it was often -- made the stay even more enjoyable. Not to mention the really comfortable beds and the incredible location. The only downsides were the food (which wasn't great but truly okay) and the bathrooms (pretty small and not so updated). But if you actually want to feel like you're actually getting something for your money in NYC? Than I'd recommend this hotel.	
Jan 28 2008 	Laptop Stolen From Bellhop Cart-Crazy Minibar-Otherwise Nice	I drove to the Doubletree Hotel in New York City for work. I unloaded my bags onto the bellhop cart, and then left the items with the bellhop as I parked my car in the parking lot affiliated with the hotel. There are several &quot;ticket traps&quot; on the streets surrounding the hotel (in NYC they station the police at certain corners and make that corner &quot;no right turn&quot; for no particular reason except to hand out $60 tickets.) So I had to take a round-about route back to the parking lot, which is only a half-block away from the hotel, but I had to go five blocks out of my way to avoid all the traps. By the time I got back to the lobby, I saw the bellhop had left my stuff in an insecure location in the lobby, and my laptop was stolen off the cart! The security guard was very nice and reviewed the security tapes with me, but, suspiciously, the cart was left in the one spot in the lobby where the security cameras cannot see anything. He did offer to file an insurance claim for replacement of the laptop, but it's my work on the laptop that no one can replace.I also had a bad experience with the minibar at this hotel. Anytime you even touch the top of the minbar, it records another charge. In a room this small (it's decent size by NYC standards, but still not that big) it's hard not to touch one of the larger objects in the room. Otherwise, this hotel was actually quite nice. The beds were fluffy and the warm cookie they greet you with is great. The price was also quite reasonable for the comfort and &quot;hip quotient&quot; of the hotel. I think if I hadn't had my laptop stolen from the lobby, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great location	I stayed in the Doubletree for 4 weeks on business. The rooms were clean, the staff were friendly (and gave me cookies) and everything worked.The bar downstairs was great!The food in the on-site restaurant wasn't as great as some of the restaurants in NYC, but it was definitely above average for a hotel restaurant.The location was fab with the subway near by and Times Square a good 20 minute walk away.	
Jan 20 2008 	Dont Beleive The Bad Reviews!!!	My Fiance and I and My Parents stayed at this hotel over the New Year '07. After reading mixed reviews I was a little anxious about staying here but the feeling disapeared as soon as we stepped into the hotel. After a long flight and a very long trip from the airport to the hotel we were exausted and relieved that the check - in was quick and easy and the staff were more than happy to help with the luggage, and not forgetting the yummy cookies we had on arrival. After seeing our room we were very pleased with the size (from what I hear hotel rooms can be small in New York) the bed was enormous and very comfy! As my birthday was on New Years Eve the waiter even got 3 rounds of drinks on the house! Yes the hotel is next door to the Fire Department but with air con in the room you did'nt need the window open therefore never heared them. During the stay we were waited for on hand and foot by the staff. Checking out was also fast and they even gave us more yummy cookies as I kept on about them throughout the whole trip. So dont beleive the bad reviews the hotel is really nice and situated nicely in the city. I would recommend it to anyone, would definetly stay here again!!	
Jan 16 2008 	Great hotel would go back again	Me and my husband have just come back from new york. It was my first trip there and our stay at the doubletree did not disappoint. Upon arrival at 1pm we got checked in very quickly and even got a room upgrade free of charge, we were very happy that our room was already available for us as we were early. The hot cookies on arrival was a really welcoming touch. Our room was on the 5th floor and had a great view over lexington avenue. The room was spacious and extremely clean and considering how close we were to the front of the building noise was not a problem for us. Of course there is noise you are in new york after all but we had no problem sleeping especially with such comfortable beds. It is right next to the subway which is great to get to anywhere in the city. The staff were very helpful and gave great advise on things to do and places to go. On return from a long day our room had been cleaned and fresh towels in the bathroom. Bathrooms are a bit small but what else to you need to do apart from shower in a clean and tidy bathroom. On our departure check out was quick and easy and one of the door men had organised a car to take us back to JFK airport for about $54 which saved us getting a taxi and gave us a very comftable ride. In hole we will have no hesitation in staying in the doubletree on our return to new york. If you are looking for things to do the hotel gives discount on things like helicopter trips which was fantastic and they will book any trip you want for you and also make reservations for restaurants. I would recommend trying out a place call serendipity, we had a lovely meal and you have to try one of there famous frozen hot chocolates, they are gorgeous. Also the Olive Garden in times square is a really good place to eat if you like Italian food. If you are wanting to see a show get your tickets from TKTS beside the Marriot in times square they do great prices but can be busy, they open from 3-8pm.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Stay! Will go back again	Room was clean, quiet and comfortable. Exactly what I needed after shopping and walking around NYC.The staff was very helpful and I loved the cookies at night. Subway entrance is conveniently located nearby. Rooms are on the small side, OK for just the 2 of us. The mini-bar has sensors in it and will charge you for an item if not returned to it's slot within 20 seconds, I found that out when I checked out and saw $10 charge on my bill. I had taken out their items and put my own in to keep them cool. The front desk removed the charge, but they should put a sign in the room or inform you at check-in what the deal is. I liked that they stored our luggage after we checked out, so we could have a few more hours in the city. We returned, picked up our luggage and took the subway to the train station.	
Jan 9 2008 	I loved this place and I'm very hard to please	First of all let me say....upon reading the reviews, I serioulsy dont understand some of things people complain about seriously. A hotel is not going to be perfect.. It is not your home!!!! I had booked with the Wellington NYC but from reading the reviews and getting messages back from my fellow trip advisors I cancelled my reservation based on the information I received in concern to rodents and roaches. That is one thing I will not tolerate. So we booked the Doubletree Metropolitan. We loved it!! The location was excellent and we walked to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and even Central Park. Upon our arrival and stepping off the taxi we were wecolmed very warmly. We were tired from a delayed flight and we were able to check in upon arrival. Everyone was so friendly and attentative. I had my fingers crossed upon arriving to my floor which was the 3rd. I heard a lot of negative feedback about the 3rd floor so I was hoping it wasnt true. The room was great!! The room was roomy, but the set up of the beds and desk made the room seem a bit crowded but from the door to the beds there was a wide open space. We had two double beds. The bathroom was a bit small but seriously what do you need..? Its not home!! The room was clean, it didnt smell. The bathroom was exceptionally clean. Our view was of the &quot;Fire Dept.&quot; everyone complained about. We were never in the room and at night when we slept it was not even an issue...its NY you are going to hear sirens anywhere you go. Make sure you take off your DO NOT DISTURB sign because Housekeeping will NOT come if you have it on..which is excellent...we forgot to take it off but they came later on that day and cleaned it with no hesistation. The staff was very helpful and gave us cookies whenever we asked. Upon check out we were able to leave our luggage and our bags while we ventured out to the Empire State Building. They even arranged a car for us instead of having to catch a taxi. The cost was $35.00 to LaGuardia which is good because the taxi was about the same but you get the luxury of being in a comfy car rather than an icky taxi. When we returned to get our luggage our car was ready for us. Everything in the hotel was great...people nit pick about the most ridiculous things....yes there was bit of peeling paint on the wall but I would rather have that than dirty, rodents, mold or anything of that nature. The room for decor received an A for effort for me. It was worth it to me to spend a bit more money on a clean place to sleep. The only negative about the room was the mini bar and the snack tray. The snack tray and mini bar have sensors that can track if the item has been touched or moved and they are super sensative. The snack tray was located on the long desk and we put our luggage on top of the desk near the snack tray. You cannot even open the fridge because you will be charged, you cannot store items in there either. Upon checking out we had $60.00 in mini bar charges but they took them off with no hesitation. They told us having items near the tray and the vibration may set off a sensor as they are very sensitive. So just be careful of that. Upon checking out we were offered more cookies so that we would have snack for later...How sweet was that? I would definately stay there again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Just Had A Good Stay Here!	We got this hotel for a ridiculously cheap price- a queensize room for three nights for 350 USD for the three nights- a bargain!! Still after reading some reviews here we were abit wary of what to expect when we arrived. We were pleasantly surprised- hotel was in a super location in a very nice area of Manhattan and so close to everything! Lovely staff let us check in at 11AM- couldnt believe they had a room ready for us at that time- we were very impressed! Room was very small but very clean. Good selection of channels on the television and the safe was really handy to have in the room. The hotel restaurant was very expensive so we didnt eat there- the cafe next door does a very resonably priced breakfast which was delicious!Overall we felt we really got value for money staying here however the room was very small and I think if we had paid any more for our stay we would have been disappointed. Also a quick note- the hotel website says hotel has had a very expensive renovation-however our room was obviously a old room that had received a lick of paint and some new furniture-the bathroom tiles were broken in places and the paint chipped off the door and doorframes. Plus the halls leading to the rooms were grubby with large patches of wallpaper missing in places- i think whoever did the renovation didnt do a very high quality job of it and as a regular Hilton hotels visitor there was no comparision between this and other Hiltons I have stayed at.	
Jan 7 2008 	Only if the price is right!	Hotels in NYC are never cheap and are often way over priced. Although the Doubletree Metropolitan is a decent hotel with an excellent location, I would not recommend spending more than $200 a night. The hotel's positive attributes did not influence me to think it was more than your standard hotel. The room was clean and the staff was accomodating, helpful and friendly. A major plus is the loaction on Lexington Ave and the proximity to major attractions and a subway stop. Unfortunately the TV in my room didn't work, but I didn't bother to address this issue since I was only staying for one night. Aside from the TV, I had no problems with my accomodations and enjoyed my stay.	
Jan 3 2008	Not worth even the discounted Christmas Eve rate!	There were so many mixed reviews on this hotel - either people loved or hated it. I decided to cross my fingers and went ahead and booked a room for Christmas Eve as they were running extremely low rates for that night. Needless to say, by the following day, I felt sorry for any traveler who paid a penny more than me. The Front Desk Representative who checked me in was not the least bit friendly. In fact, she seemed bothered by my inquiry to upgrade my room for a fee (I didn't mind paying but she had an attitude over having to go through the trouble of looking it up on her system). When that didn't work out, I asked to switch my room from a King to two doubles and that set off more sighs from the Rep. I don't even think she finished looking it up in the system, she just told me that she was going to give me the room I booked (King). When I asked for a roll-away bed, she told me they charge $50 for it. By that time, I had it with her negative attitude and snapped back at her. She then left the front desk and when she returned, she told me that her Manager was going to waive the $50 charge but that I should know in the future, there would definitely be a charge (like I would consider going back there after the way she represented the Doubletree). I checked in at 1:00 PM and assumed that they would be bringing the roll-away bed at some point. My family and I hit the town and came back at 5:00 PM. Still no bed so I placed a phone call to the Front Desk who told me they don't handle roll-away beds, I needed to call Housekeeping. I called the Housekeeping Extension and Housekeeping told me I would have to call the Customer Care desk. The Customer Care desk stated they would send Housekeeping right up with it. In the meantime, I ventured over to the Concierge’s desk to see if they could help make a dinner reservation for me. The Rep. was very short with me and said that all places in the area were booked. I would have to chance a walk in. Not much help there, just more of the Doubletree unfriendly attitude! An hour later I went back to my room and still no bed. Called a 2nd time to the Customer Care desk and same Rep. answered the phone. She apologized and stated she would contact Housekeeping again and have the bed sent right away. I knew we were planning on being out late and wanted to have the bed set up so my son could go right to sleep. We left for dinner assuming the bed would be delivered as promised, after all, it had been 2 hours since we were first told it would be delivered right away. We came back from dinner at 9:30 PM and par for the course, the bed still had not arrived. Yet there was a message on our phone from the same Customer Care Rep. stating she hoped by the time we received the message, our bed would have arrived. I called back down to her, but her shift had ended and I had to start all over with a new Customer Care Rep. who didn't know I was waiting for anything. She too promised to contact Housekeeping and get the bed to me right away. That &quot;right away&quot; ended up taking another 90 minutes. Besides all of the Customer Service issues we experienced, the room itself had an odor to it. I laughed when I looked at the bathtub area and noticed exactly what was mentioned in another Tripadvisor review, the black mold was simply painted over in many spots throughout the stall and the ceiling. We opted not to even shower at the hotel (which is rare for hygiene conscious people like us) and wait until we got back home that morning. What's sad is that on our way to the Doubletree, we walked past our favorite chain hotel, Marriott and my husband asked me why I didn't book there. I told him the rate at the Doubletree was too good to not try-out. Unfortunately, I learned the hard way that &quot;you get what you paid for.&quot; Despite the dismal hotel experience, NYC was fabulous and if you go, there is a fantastic Italian Restaurant called &quot;San Martin&quot; on 49th Street that we ate at. They were reasonably priced (especially for NYC), the food was delicious and the staff were all so hospitable! Not a single one seemed to mind that he/she had to work on Christmas Eve!	
Dec 31 2007 	Great Location - Good size room for NYC	If you ever stayed in a hotel in NYC, you know that size matters. Most hotel rooms are based on the 'closest' principle.'If it fits, than what's your problem?'. The room we got was specious, modern and spotless. Nice flat-screen TV and simple but functional bathroom with over sized shower head.Cons: No view from window, other than the windows of some other hotel or dormitory.Price is always to high in NYCpros: Very sound proof. It wasn't until I opened the window that I heard what I was NOT hearing! Great!Location	
Dec 30 2007 	No complaints here	I found out at the very last possible minute before leaving for my trip that I needed to book a hotel room for two nights. I was able to get this hotel for $110 the first night and $199 the second night by going through Hilton.com. For that price, I wasn't expecting much. I come to the city on a regular basis, and I have stayed in many fantastic hotels, and none of them were anywhere near that price point. The location is excellent with a subway stop right outside the door. It is an easy walk to shopping, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, etc. It was nice to be a little further away from all the hub-bub around RFC, but still able to get to it easily. I was given a corner room on the 14th floor, which was a decent size, by NYC standards. The bathroom was tiny, but the water pressure in the shower was excellent. I did not have any problems using the safe, and I found it very convenient. The staff was very friendly and accommodating and I had no trouble with them letting me keep my room when I needed to extend my stay. There were vending machines with drinks on every floor, which was also convenient. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 30 2007 	okay but a bit tired	on the whole this hotel is fab for location. it is though looking a bit tired.beds and pillows were lovely and comfortable. bathrooms are tiny and needing work, plaster peeling off the walls and such like. in fact the toilet flooded the second night we were there so had to be moved to another room - with no help from staff to carry luggage - this other room being at the other end of the hotel where the painter and decorators were stripping the walls.the safe was not unlocked on arrival, so we could not use it, and so reported it at the desk and told that it would be sorted straight away, it wasn`t, so had to again report it the following morning and insist that security came immediately so that we did not have to carry passports and money around with us all day. security did then arrive about 10 minutes later, and was unlocked within 10 seconds.check-in was painless as was the express checking-out.staff were polite and helpful, with all this said, i would probably stay here again if only for the location.it was an okay stay, as long as you don`t expect too much.	
Dec 29 2007 	Good Hotel Great Loaction !	The Doubletree Metropolitan is a good hotel in a great location. I have stayed at this hotel on and off for over 5 years. I used to live in Manhattan and always stay at the Metropolitan when my husband and I go back to visit. We always get a AAA rate thru the hotel website. Well worth it ! We stayed right before Christmas for only $220 a night including taxes ! You can't beat it.The rooms are less than average size but you don't go to NYC to spend time in your room. The rooms are always clean, the bedding is very comfortable, and the staff has always been very friendly and helpful. The location is what is key. Only a 10-15 minute walk from Times Square. But the hotel is also located right on the subway line for the E,V, and 6 lines. Perfect for heading to Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, or the Village. I have never eaten at the hotel restaurant or the coffee shop attached. I do think the restaurant is overpriced. For anyone staying here do yourself a favor and either walk over to 3rd or 2nd Ave. There are other more reasonable deli's, coffee shops, pubs, and restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Its a great deal for Manhattan !	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Location	We travelled to the Doubletree in December 2007. We have stayed at this hotel before many times on visits to NYC. This time was no different and again we had no problems at all with our stay here.Check in was very quick (especially for a busy time of the year)The free Cookies are always a bonus and appreciated after a 7 hour flight and plane food.The location is great we only took one cab during our 4 night stay (apart from airport runs)The rooms are always clean and tidy and are a generous size for NYC.For location and price I would always recommend someone to stay at this hotel. I know we will be staying here again when we come back.	
Dec 27 2007 	great staff normal size rooms	Booked on lastminute.com we got a great rate for the week before Christmas. The staff of the Dobuletree were extremely friendly and helpful....more so than normal at any large city hotel. The room wasn't huge, but was plenty big enough. Great location...walking distance to everything and a subway stop on the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Location+price+staff = Enjoyable stay	Going to NYC for a short family vacation, this hotel lived up to our expectations and in many cases exceeded them. We spent four nights and the price was great with the AAA discount (right at $200/night) for two doubles. The bathroom was clean as well as the linens although the carpet was a little worse for wear. The beds were very comfortable. The room met our expectations overall.The location was great ( 51st and Lexington subway stop less than 50 feet away) and the hotel provided those great cookies whenever we asked. A short walk to Rockefeller Center or Central Park without all the mayhem that is Times Square. There is also a police substation right down the street on 51st which was nice since there were plenty of cops on the block. A Cafe Metro (chain) right next door and many restaurants a couple of blocks over on 3rd and 2nd streets. The first day we were there they had forgotten to clean the room and provide new towels. The staff at the front desk was very apologetic and proceeded to provide us with a couple of days free breakfast buffet for the three of us. We had no issues after that. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The concierge was somewhat effective. It appears that is a concierge service contracted out by the hotel. When asked about restaurants they got on the internet and looked for what was around the hotel. Not as helpful as I would have expected. Overall an enjoyable stay and I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 25 2007 	It was great!	At check in the staff were very nice and offered us a free upgrade of our room, the warm chocolate cookies were delicious!!!! :)The bellman who helped us to our room was kind and helpful.The doorman offered us a pleasant smile everytime we came in or left the hotel. This vacation was a dream come true for us and the Doubletree made it even more special.	
Dec 24 2007 	Expected better - in bad need of a renovation	Stayed on Dec 23rd and 24th. Location was great. Nearby to everything without being right in the heat of the craziness. About a twelve - fifteen minute hike or so to Times Square. Staff was phenomenal, made sure that we were taken of. Gave us extra hot cookies when we asked (a DoubleTree special). Price was great, huge AAA discount.The bad: the room and hallways. We stayed on the sixth floor. The trim was falling off, the hallways smelled, the carpets were visibly stained, and just about every single door looked like it had been through a college dorm party. The inside wasn't much better, ceiling was peeling and the paint was falling off. The carpet in the room needed a steam clean. The lighting was poor, the window shade wouldn't go down all the way. Most of these complaints you've seen on other responses as well. If you're really not picky or you're used to motel type rooms, you can definitely manage here. All in all I was pleased, but bottom line - the place is in bad need of a renovation. If I HAD to I would stay here again, but why bother when it's NYC. Go for the much better located and nicer Hyatt. Better value too. I don't have photos because other reviews have accurate photos showing the damage.	
Dec 19 2007	Nice room great staff	I selected the Doubletree for a one-night business trip, for which I needed to be in the area. There was a choice of rooms and rates available on the website, with a higher rate for a room with a 24-hour cancellation policy -- I believe their regular requirement was seven-day cancellation.The doorman was immediately attentive to my arrival, even though he was busy, welcomed me, and handed my bag off to a bellman. There was a hostess (for lack of a better term) in the lobby, who also welcomed me and pointed me to an available front desk person for check-in, which was friendly and efficient.The bellman who accompanied me with my bag was friendly as well, and covered the hotel facilities in detail for me. The room was somewhat larger than I expected for New York City, clean, with a flat-screen TV. There was a sort of mini-sofa in addition to the king bed, and sufficient room to set my suitcase up as well. The bathroom was adequate, with enough counter size for my shaving kit; tub/shower and toilet were in a separate room. The shower head was high enough -- I hate the hotel shower head aimed at my chest -- and produced plenty of hot water with little wait. The view was of the buildings across Lexington.There was a minibar with snacks and a couple of mystery boxes -- I picked one up (it was a sewing kit, label side down) spotted the sensor, and put it right back down -- not quickly enough, apparently. You supposedly have 20 seconds on this one -- they've apparently been devalued, too. (More later about this.)I had to get a cab at 6PM, almost impossible in New York, and the bellman found something for me -- he didn't just stand and whistle, but went out in the middle of the intersection to grab one. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was fine: good selection, excellent service. There was a coffee shop as well, full of New Yorkers grabbing a cup en route to the office. I don't usually fix coffee in my room, so I didn't really miss a coffeemaker; I'm sure others will.Checkout was efficient: again, the &quot;hostess&quot; asked me if the bill slipped under my door was sufficient (it wasn't) and directed me to an open position. Friendly service again -- I had been charged $7.50 plus tax(es), twice for the minibar. OK, once for the sewing kit, but I have no idea what the second could have been. Both were removed from my bill -- apparently this isn't uncommon. I'd wanted a hotel where I could check in quickly, get to my dinner, have a good sleep, hot shower and good breakfast, and quick check-out. The Doubletree gave me all of that, with the plus of a uniformly friendly staff. Just watch out for the hair-trigger minibar.	
Dec 19 2007 	Nice but noisy in NY	We stayed for 3 nights. The hotel staff was very accomodating. We stayed on the 18th floor ( only 19 floors), we had to move rooms after the first night due to some renovations on the top floor. We ended up being in a balony king suite, there wasnt a view, just buildings across the street. The room was nice, toliet-shower area is very tiny! The bed was very comfortable. The door to the balcony didnt block out much noise. I was woken up 3 times by a fire truck and police cars, there is a fire station down the street from the hotel. I was woken up also by banging etc above us, not sure if it was construction, but it almost sounded as if someone was dropping shoes or something above our room. The breakfast at the hotel was just ok, the hot food was cold and the cold food (milk) was warm. We had 2 free coupons for breakfast, but its isnt worth the money if you do pay. Overall the staff was helpful, and the rooms were clean.	
Dec 16 2007	Phenomenal Service at the Doubletree	The service at this hotel was unbelievable, comparable to a Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons. The room was very nice, the shower was outstanding, and of course the warm Doubletree cookie is always welcome. The street sounds were relatively muted (I had asked for the quietest room possible). The location is very nice, as well. The room service was prompt and hot and reasonably good. But it was the personal attention and prompt responsiveness that sold me on the Doubletree.	
Dec 10 2007 	A Perfect Stay	We stayed at the Doubletree for a weekend getaway. From the moment we arrived we were very happy. The service is incredible. The location cannot be beat. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center and shopping along 5th Avenue. There's also a subway station right out front!The room was spacious and clean.We have no complaints at all. We'll be staying there again.	
Dec 10 2007	great location	Had read mixed reports on the Doubletree Metropolitan but have to say we found the Hotel and staff excellent.If you are looking for a great location for the sights,shopping and entertainment then look no further.The rooms are not the biggest but are very well serviced ,clean and the comfort of the beds outstanding.This was our 5th trip tp NYC and we would not hestiate to use the Doubletree again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Not My Favorite But Okay	I love NYC and I ventured from my favorite dive - The Milford Plaza - and splurged for this hotel at $450 a night.THE GOOD:Comfy BedGreat StaffDecent LocationNice Mini-Bar / Room ServiceTHE BAD:Desk Crammed up Against BedOverpricedNot as spotless as it could beLocation quite expensive (even for NYC!)Would I stay again? I doubt it. I am a lover of Broadway and I think I would have rather spent $150 less per night and stayed at the Milford which is in my opinion, smaller, dirtier and the very best location to be in - Times Square!	
Dec 3 2007 	This is my favorite NYC hotel!	I travel for work all of the time and I have to say that this is my favorite hotel to stay in while in New York. It is spotless. The location is definitely amazing. The beds are comfortable, flat screen tv's are awesome, and it's just basically a really slick hotel.	
Dec 3 2007	Rooms disappointing everything else good	Stayed a few nights at the Doubltree Metropolitan. The rooms are just not nearly up to the price point of the hotel, although the rest of the hotel was nice. Details...GOOD:--Workout facility is pretty nice--Staff were friendly and helpful all around--Common areas and facilities are well kept--Location is excellentBAD:--Rooms are just not in good shape. Oddly, they look like they attempted to remodel the rooms in recent years, but it seems like they only did it half-way.--Bathroom had some BLACK MOLD, which had been partially painted over.--The furniture, walls, fixtures and carpeting all need work--SUPER-THIN walls, particularly if you get a room with an adjoining room door. I could make out normal conversation from the room next door.For the $400-$600 a night this place costs this time of year, its just not worth the money. You'll want to stay elsewhere.	
Dec 3 2007 	Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My family and I spent 2 nights at the Doubletree Metropolitan on 51st &amp; Lexington for the Thanksgiving holiday. This place is terrific. We booked a junior suite on the 18th floor. The hotel was very accomodating and fulfilled our request for a room with a private terrace. The room was clean. The bed was super comfortable. The junior suite was very large and suited a family of three nicely. Bathroom a bit &quot;tight&quot; but not a deal-breaker. If anyone is considering this hotel - don't hesitate. You'll love it.	
Nov 30 2007	New York New York	Stayed for seven nights with my girlfriend, check in was fast and friendly when we got to our room it was really nice, quite spacious with a desk flat screen tv and chair. Every day our room was cleaned and our bed made up perfectly. The hotel staff were always helpful and polite, the bar was pretty pricey but I found that about most bars in New York. We stayed on the fith floor and it was quite noisy but we still slept ok. When we checked out there were a few items on our mini bar bill I was unsure about so I asked reception about them and they knocked them off without question. Will stay there again but maybe on a higher floor. There is a handy gift shop inside the hotel for any gifts you need papers sweets etc. We didnt eat once from the hotel as there are so much places to eat nearby.	
Nov 26 2007 	Highly Disappointed	To say the least I was extremely disappointed and soooo very glad we only stayed 1 nite. I was traveling with my 3 daughters. Our check in was wonderful. Very nice and helpful person checked us in. She alleged she was giving us an upgrade to a deluxe rom but if it was deluxe I would hate to see the standard room. It was extremely small (even by New York standards). Cleanliness was so so. We were in our room a few minutes and preparing to go and visit the city when an unknown man entered our room with a pass key and quickly excused himself when he realized someone was in the room. He did not have a uniform or identify himself as an employee. I immediately called the front desk and they had security contact me. They took my information and said they would check into it. Over the next few minutes I found a maid and located who the man was. He was working for the hotel but not wearing a uniform and had no ID on him. I went downstairs and located the head of security. He had done nothing to try and found out who this was. Luckily it was an employee because they did not to care about our safety. When we returned later that nite around 11:15 pm and in desperate need of showers to go to bed we discovered the shower did not work. It took over an hour to get it operational and I had to be extremely demanding with management. A very long day for 3 young girls. They were not cooperative with trying to find us an alternate room until after they confirmed our shower was repaired. I had requested additional towels and they forgot to send them up. Needless to say when we moved to the Hilton New York the following day for our remaining 2 nites we were elated. We had only booked this 1 nite at the Doubletree because the Hilton New York was sold out that nite. Never again. Beware!	
Nov 15 2007	Decent - some good and some bad	Stayed at the Doubletree for one night.The good: Room is spacious - rather large for New York standards. Had a comfortable bed, nice desk, nice loung chair and a flat screen TV. The shower was wonderful, lots of pressure and hot water.The bad: Room was noisy. I could hear everything going on on my floor. Could hear doors slamming down the hall. So sound proofing is a big issue here. Secondly, the shades on the windows are bad. They do not completely block light coming into the window - there is a nice gap in between the shades. Thus, you can't get total privacy and block out light.Other bads, service was pretty terrible. Didn't get my wake up call. Unenthusiastic check in.Overall, if you need a clean bed and a hot shower, stay there, but otherwise, look around	
Nov 14 2007 	An example to all other hotels	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. The rooms were spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable. We stayed on the 7th floor and could barely hear any traffic noise. It is wonderful to be allowed a good nights sleep each night. The hotels Metropolitan Grill offered a fabulous buffet breakfast for 22 dollars per person. This has got to be the tastiest breakfast I have ever eaten. The location of the hotel is excellent. Located at Lexington Avenue and 51st Street on the fashionable East Side right in the heart of Midtown Manhattan. Between 10 and15 minute walk from Park Ave, Rockefeller Centre and Broadway.One of the most memorable things about this hotel is the quality of service throughout. From the front desk to the concierge, the waiting staff in the grill bar to the maids servicing the rooms. The service is of an extremely high standard. A standard which I would expect with the AAA Diamond Rating it advertises. Well done to all its staff and I will definitely recommend you to all my friends.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great hotel. Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for our first trip to NYC. We thought the hotel was great. The rooms were clean and comfortable and larger than what imagined. The hotel staff were very quick and friendly upon check-in and check-out. We liked the contemporary/retrto-chic decor of this hotel. Although our room faced the street, we were surprised that we didn't hear too much street noise. Bathrooms were tiny but probably comparable to most NYC hotel rooms. The hotel was in a safe area and walking distance to Times Square, Rockafeller Plaza, and Central Park. Subway station was right outside the front door and we had no probelms or any wait to get a cab.I just got done reading the other reviews of this property. The other reviewers obviously had high, unrealistic expectations for a hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Yes, hotels rooms are small in the city. Yes, sometimes you can hear the street traffic. Yes, all mini bar items in any hotel room, in any city are going to cost you a small fortune. Anyways, who goes to NYC to sit in their hotel room and eat from the mini bar? I would recommend this hotel over Times Square hotels because you don't have to battle crowds to get in and out. You also are not battling other people for cabs and are not sitting in bumper to bumper traffic once you catch a cab. We were very happy with our room and would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 28 2007	Not great !	Just returned from a 5 day trip to New York. When we arrived our room was not ready so the four of us had one drink each in the hotel bar which cost a fortune! Eventually got to the room and was disappointed to find no coffee/tea facilities(apparently learnt later the hotel is taxed if you have this in the room) a free token to use at the cafe bar next to the hotel wouldn've been nice. There was however a minibar and a tray containing pringles, nuts, bottled water, and chocolates , all at a cost I hastened to add. Our room was on the back of the hotel looking straight onto the kitchens of another hotel where hotel/kitchen staff hung out for their breaks so we had to keep the blinds down for privacy. The room was small and the bathroom tiny. The shower was a nightmare to use. To add insult to injury on the last day I was billed for two items from the snack tray, which I had not had. Receptionist told me the tray the items were resting on had sensors and had I read the note nestling among the items , I would've been aware should you remove an item for more then 20 seconds it assumes you have purchased it! I explained I had not had the charge items in fact they all items were still on the tray, I got the items removed from my bill but No apology. On the last day they even charged you to put your luggage in the luggage room . A charged was made for each bag left in and they charged you to get them out again. Needless to say this sums up in my opinion the ethos of the Hotel nothing was free not even a cup of coffee. Have a nice Day!	
Oct 25 2007	Doubletree's Metropolitan Hotel Grows Rotten Fruit	My Review of Doubetree Metropolitian HotelStayed one night in Sept 2007I unfortunately decided to stay at this hotel. It seemed like a good deal at the time. A little over $200 for a hotel in Manhattan. One with it's own bathroom. Not bad. But, alas, many things were wrong. 1. I was told I had a room with a view. Unless you consider a large building blocking out all the sun and anything else to see a view, I would strongly disagree. A park, that's a view. A landscape of city lights, that's a view. A river, that's a view. A slab of concrete? Not a view. Also, I should not, that when I did open up my blinds there was a scotch-taped sign on the window that read something to the effect of, &quot;Construction is going on outside this building. You might want to keep your blinds closed because construction workers will be looking in.&quot; So, even if there was a view-- they were trying to get me not to see it anyway. Hey, maybe they thought the scotch-taped sign was the view! It did have nice font. 2. The air-conditioner wasn't working. So, I do have to admit I did have a sauna in my room which was an unexpected treat. Well, not really much of a treat since the sauna was the entire room. They never sent someone up as promised, and wouldn't respond to my request to change a room. Maybe the entire hotel was just rooms of saunas. 3. The next morning upon check out to find a better hotel, which would at this point have meant a park bench, I spoke to a &quot;manager&quot; (he had a tag that read &quot;manager&quot; but considering his inability to manage maybe he got them at a a real manager at a hotel he stayed at the way a kid gets those plastic pilot wings from the real captain on a plane). This &quot;manager&quot; had a &quot;so sad, too bad&quot; attitude. He actually tried to tell me that the room I had did indeed have a view. &quot;Slabs of concrete are very popular views in New York City. You're very lucky to have had a room with that kind of view!&quot; When I told him about the sauna, he tried to charge me extra because I was not supposed to get a room with a sauna. He didn't even realize any of their rooms had personal saunas. Okay, I exaggerate a bit. But this next part I don't. He actually asked me if I knew how to turn on the air-conditioner. That perhaps I didn't know how to switch the button from &quot;off&quot; to &quot;on&quot; and it was my fault and not the hotels. Granted, I'm no rocket scientist, but I have learned how to do that. Even the desk guy was shocked at this question, probably because the &quot;manager&quot; had the nerve to ask it twice. Possibly he thought I could not only not turn things &quot;on&quot; but that I didn't understand the english language. Sure, I speak with a NJ/NY accent but I was in NY and I have a very good command of NY language. I can say; &quot;Not for nothin,&quot; and &quot;are you gonna eat that,&quot; with the best of them. And I can most certainly understand lame questions because I know live in LA. My suggestion to anyone wanting to stay at this hotel is to check yourself into Bellevue first because you need to have your head examined.	
Oct 11 2007 	wonderful	We had a great time, the location is good, close to the subway right across the street. Would stay here again &amp; again.	
Oct 5 2007 	Pretty sweet place	My wife and I stayed here to celebrate our 10th Anniversary. We were not disappointed by the quality of this hotel. This has to be the nicest Doubletree around. We loved the &quot;retro&quot; design of the hotel. It had a very tasteful and sohphisticated flair. The rooms were decent sized by New York standards but the sink could have used more room for all the crap my wife takes with her on trips. Fantastic location with two metro lines right by the hotel. Staff were very friendly and attentive.	
Oct 5 2007 	Loved the DoubleTree Metropolitan NYC	This hotel is great. Perfectly situated in the heart of Manhattan.The staff are excellent. A real jem. Our room was big by NY standards and everything was perfect.	
Sep 10 2007 	Good place to stay in mid-town	No questions - this place is good to stay compared with other places around.	
Sep 10 2007 	Loved the Doubletree - would definitely stay again!	Myself and my husband stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan for 5 nights in late August. The warm cookies on check in were a God send! Just what we needed. We were in room 1629 which is in the back of the hotel but we weren't bothered - there was very little street noise - only heard a fire engine once. The staff were extremely friendly. The room was big. Bathroom was small but the Neutrogena products made up for that. Bed was extra comfy. Really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again. It's just up a block (and around a corner) from the Waldorf Astoria on Park Avenue where there is a stop for the Hop On Hop Off Buses - way better than the subway - you get to see so much more of New York. The Metro Cafe beside hotel was great aswell and the food good. All in all had a great trip - so much so had to buy an extra suitcase going home but there was a suitcase shop just down the street so how handy was that!!! :)	
Sep 3 2007 	Would stay again	Great central location, very friendly staff and well maintained, clean rooms. Especially liked the complementary cookie on arrival. Can get a little noisy with the fire station so close but overall a very enjoyable stay in NYC.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great value and location... would stay again!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in late August 2007. After reading some of the other negative reviews, I was a little weary of the quality of the hotel and went into my prebooked stay with low expectations. That said, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with the hotel throughout our time at the hotel. Understanding that NYC hotel rates are high overall, I think that given the location and general quality of the hotel, if you are looking for a decent quality hotel that is centrally located, I would definetly recommend this place to others. What we liked about the hotel is as follows: Attentive management made us feel as though they went out of their way to handle our needs. We stayed in a queen room and specifically requested by telephone and on check-in that we be on a street that did not face 51st St., that was not near the elevator, and was on a higher floor. All of our needs were met. Our room was renovated and was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. We also appreciated the warm cookies on check-in, and really appreciated the complimentary cookies that the front staff were gracious to provide us (as a favour-- we must have looked very tired!) a few days after. We also liked the kiosks at the front of the hotel which enabled us to check in to our airline (Air Canada-even though it was not a domestic flight) the day before departure. We would have otherwise checked in online through an internet cafe, so it was nice that this feature was available for free in the hotel lobby. The location was also great--safe neighbourhood, near the 6, V, and E trains, and good selection of cafes nearby for an affordable and healthy breakfast. We ate at the Au Bon Pain (at 52nd and Lexington) and Cafe Metro (right next to the hotel) for breakfast and quite enjoyed it. The luggage check-in people were very helpful. The maids were very sweet.Where we felt the hotel could improve is as follows: I felt that the concierges could have been a little more sincere about recommending things in the city. On two different occasions, we respectively asked for the concierge's opinion on tours and transfers to the airport. On both occasions, the different concierges seemed to be pushing us to only one option for the tour and dissuading us from alternate forms of transportation to the airport. We couldn't help but feel that they were working on commission, which didn't feel right. We instead relied on our tour book (Doring and Kindersley--available in the gift shop, but you can pick one up at Costco for 1/2 the price). Also, we thought there could be better soundproofing as we could hear doors closing from our neighbours. This could be easily fixed.Overall, however, it was a fantastic stay in a friendly city. If we were to return to NYC, we would stay at this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Aug 27 2007 	Nice place nice location	Just got back from a weekend trip to the Big Apple and enjoyed our stay at the Doubletree in Midtown (51st &amp; Lexington). I had a tough time finding a hotel in this area for under $200 a night - the Doubletree was just under that (about $180), the pictures on the website looked nice and the hotel reviews seemed pretty positive so I went ahead and booked this hotel. I'm glad we chose to stay here. The room was spacious (for a Manhattan hotel in this price range), clean, well-decorated, modern bath fixtures, the bed was VERY comfortable, nice flat screen tv, great massaging showerhead. Warm cookies at check-in was a treat. Staffed security guard at elevators after dark asked to see our room key before allowed onto the elevators, nice to feel safe. Shortcomings: $10.95 for internet access, lacked in electrical outlets, limited counter space/storage space/places to hang towels in bathroom, fire station down the block. Great area of Midtown to stay, though. Easy walk to United Nations, Rockafeller Center, Fifth Ave shopping, little further to Times Square but still walkable. I would stay here again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Rooms need updating and attitudes are poor.	This hotel is in a great location.The common areas look like they have been recently renovated, but the rooms are about 10-15 years behind schedule.I am Hilton Honors Gold and booked my reservation through the Hilton reservation line. Booked a king with a roll-away and was told that the roll-away would be $20 for the trip, not per night and my email confirmation stated this also.Upon arrival, reminded them about the roll-away and was told that the roll-away was $50/night. I showed them my email confirmation and they said that was incorrect. I asked to speak to the manager on duty and his attitude was the worst. Acted like he was doing us a favor by speaking to us, so I called Hilton from my cell phone and explained the situation. Soon enough the manager was taking a call from corporate and we were comped the roll-away and breakfast each morning.There are 100's of hotels in NYC, so to have a poor attitude only turns people away from returning. I will stay at Hilton properties again, but not this particular property.	
Aug 15 2007 	Basic hote but Great Location	I stayed in this hotel on a short city break with my husband .The hotel was on lexington ave and ideally located for all the major attractions. The Chrysler Building and Empire State building were only a few blocks away along with 5th ave with all the designer shops including Tiffany &amp; Co and Bloomindales.Times square was also only a few blocks away all within walking distance once you have worked out how the blocks are set out the city is very easy to negotiate.We used the subway to get to the Financial District to see ground zero and wall street. This way really easy and much quicker than a taxi as the roads are gridlock.We went to see Chicago which was fantastic Melanie Griffiths was playing Roxy and we really enjoyed it. New York is such a vibrant city with lots to do and see . We loved it and are going back in Dec this year to take my son.The hotel was quite basic but to be honest it was clean &amp; modern and was going through some kind of refurbishment at the time but this did not disrupt our stay .I would recommend visting a shop called century 21 opp ground zero has lots of great designer goods D&amp;G , Tommy Hilfiger , Guess etc as really cheap prices.	
Aug 7 2007 	An industrial hotel	If you don't mind industrial accommodation - it's quite all right, but if you're seeking a little more homey feeling in a hotel - you won't find it there. Small rooms, staff that underscores the feeling you're just one of their thousand guests and past century decoration. Considering their rates - it's not a good deal.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great experience for first time NYC trip!	This being my first trip to NYC I wanted to stay in a pretty nice hotel, but not too expensive. When checking in, the lady at the front desk was super nice and asked me if I would like to upgrade my room for no charge, but me being scared to be taken for a sucker, advised I would just stick w/ the queen size bed I had reserved. The cookie they gave me was terrific;just what I needed after my first crazy cab ride through the city:) The room was very nice;a little rough around the edges, but the bed was SO comfortable. Given that I had carried on my luggage and with the rules about taking liquid on the plane I was very happy to see the Neutrogena products that were provided in the bathroom. The only negative thing I can really say about this hotel was how thin the walls are. You can hear everything a person is saying in the next room. The most positive thing I can say about this hotel is the service..excellent! My flight was not until the evening, and they offer to hold your luggage and have a town car take you to the airport for the same amt that a cab would cost! It was absolutely wonderful to not have to worry about lugging my suitcase around the city. I would definitely stay here for my next trip to NYC, which I have planned for December, but the price for that time of year is double what I paid for in July so I'm afraid I'll have to go elsewhere due to costs:( Wonderful experience for a first NYC trip!!!	
Aug 6 2007 	In need of a major overhaul	My travel agent booked me in here again. I reviewed it last time and was not polite but here was a chance to be surpised, Sadly I wasn't. The good things are the location, which is excellent (and right next to my office which is why I get booked here) and the rooms are reasonably spacious for New York. But this place is so tired. To give you a flavour - the bathroom has a tin sink set in a white plastic worktop. There are rawlplugs sticking out of the tiles where previous fixtures have fallen out of the walls. The tap is barely hanging on to the wall. The bedroom was OK - clean and all the usual facilities but very tired. And this Doubletree idea of presenting you with a warm cookie as you arrive - it feels so out of date. Here I am after a long flight checking in late - what I really want from a receptionist is to give me a warm soggy cookie - I don't even open the bag before it goes into the trash. And all yours for $300 - its not as if its budget.	
Jul 22 2007	Avoid this hotel	Computer system was down all day so we could not check in until after 5:00 and that was after waiting in line for an hour. No offer of a comp of any type. Room was dirty. Discovered this after we got in at 1:30 AM. Sheets were stained and the bathroom had not been cleaned. Had to change rooms at 2:00 AM with no assistance with luggage. Were not told that we had breakfast included. New room had broken lights that were never fixed during our stay (despite calling the front desk). The remote had no batteries and this was also not fixed despite calls to the front desk. When we checked out we weren't even apologized to much less given any type of discount for the filthy room and room switch at 2:00 AM. Many better places to stay in NYC. Do not stay here.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Stay for Super Bowl '06	The people at the front desk were awesome, extremely friendly. The bar was all set up for the Super Bowl and they gave us extra food for free when we ordered our appetizer. The room had an awesome view...the room was very nice, the bed was the best!!Parking was simple and easy. My husband and I would definitely stay there again with or without the kids.Ps. Gene Simmons stayed their too. :)	
Jul 15 2007 	Not What We Expected	This being our first time to NYC, my boyfriend and I really wanted to stay at a nice place. We were there from July 5th to July 10th. This hotel being in an &quot;ideal&quot; location and looked very nice, we were sold. Upon arriving we were pretty impressed. Our room looked nice, the service was great, I even boasted to my boyfriend how great of taste I had. Unfortunately later on he would have the uper hand. The first night we found out how noisy it was. You heard perfectly the people showering above us. We can't really complain about the noise outside as it IS NYC, but I do not recommend staying on the Lexington St. side. Going through our room and walking down the hall, we were really let down. The wall paper in the halls were peeling, and the siding was falling off of the wall. Our room had water damage and beside the sink vanity looked like it was never cleaned. *we got that taken care of after 3 calls*. Our large lamp also did not work, and even after the housekeeping lady tried it infront of us, it was never fixed. Also, the ice machine and &quot;vending machines&quot; which was a single pop machine was the scariest site we both saw. Located in a dark, dirty room by the service elevators and janitors closet, there was garbage, old mops and broken equiptment everywhere. I definately did not go back and made my poor boyfriend make that &quot;lovely&quot; trip. Our &quot;anti-slip&quot; tub was anything but after my boyfriend took a nasty spill and still has the lump to prove it. Please get the bathmat offered if you call. Though the room service was friendly, the food was HORRIBLE. We had breakfast one morning, and then went to the restaurant the next, and both were very bad experiences. We left our room on the 3rd day by 11am and when we returned at 6pm that evening, our room was not cleaned. If we didn't have a broadway to go to that night, we would have to wait outside the room while it was cleaned or wait until the next day. Our &quot;stocked&quot; mini bar was never stocked even when we called 3 times. Unfortunately the only real &quot;plus&quot; we could think of for this hotel was the cookies. They are delicious! haha but other than that, we left unsatisfied. The hotel looks wonderful and the rooms amazing, until you really look at what you're paying for. Perhaps if we coughed up the money to stay in a guest suite or one of the larger rooms *we had a queen, non-smoking*, but I wouldn't risk the money. I only wish I took photos to back up my experience. The photos already taken though give a good impression on what it is like. The rooms are nice looking, but falling apart.	
Jul 15 2007 	Very pleasant stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitian from for 1 week in July. I have no real complaints about the hotel. The staff was nice and willing to help out; they acknowledged you everytime you passed by them. The hotel is clean, the lobby is clean and inviting and the rooms are clean. The bathroom was quite small (could only fit one person) but, this is New York and what would you expect from an already crowded city???? The hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and considering my boyfriend and I are athletic, we chose to foot it and use the subway system for most of our stay. For those who do not like to walk, there are 2 subway stations right outside the door of the hotel and plenty of taxis pass by on the street. We enjoyed our stay and would use this hotel again if when we revisit the city!	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Stay	If you are looking for a great place to stay, close to everything this is it.Overall my husband and I stayed for 4 nights and we had no real complaints. Pricey- yes, but I did a whole lot of research and for the price range the Doubletree is one of the better options- the Ritz no, but its DEFINATELY NOT a dump for the money.Where the rooms large no, but most New York hotels have the same problem, the room was clean,the bed comfortable, and the service was good. The staff made every effort to make us feel welcome.The location is excellent- you are in walking distance of everything, and your options for shopping and meals are endless.For a cheap breakfast the Oxford Cafe on 52nd is great.For a nice quick lunch the Metro Cafe just outiside of the hotel is an excellent choice.We simply loved it, this is our new spot to stay when we are in the city.	
Jul 10 2007 	Does exactly as it says on the tin	This hotel provided us with a clean and comfortable base in the heart of a nice part of new york city. Previous experiences of &quot;hotels&quot; in this city had taught us that we could take nothing for granted in terms of cleanliness or basic standards.Thankfully the Doubletree staff were always polite and welcoming and rates were reasonable for the location.  There is little glitz or glamour here although it must be said that the lobby is impressive. The room was very clean and very comfortable, and for that I was very relieved and very happy.	
Jul 10 2007 	A pleasant wonderful stay....	We stayed from July 5 - July 8. I read some of the Tripadvisor reviews before I stayed and knew a few things to ask for ahead of time. When we got there I asked for a non-smoking room that was not on the side of the 51st street (that side apparently has a fire station), not one next to the elevator and one on a higher floor. I was given a room upgrade to a deluxe and given the choice of floor 17 or 18. There are 19 floors total. I chose floor 18 and stayed in room 1825 and had a great view of the Crysler building (by the way room 1823 was next to the elevator). I know, it seems demanding but if you are nice to the the front desk people and just explain that you called ahead of time with these requests, they are more than happy to oblige. Our room was wonderful. It was better than I expected, and I was really worried because I never stayed here before. The room was a lot bigger than I expected (especially by New York standards) and came with a chaise lounge chair (however we were upgraded to a Deluxe room so maybe that is why). The bed was very comfortable with soft sheets, pillows and comforter. The room and bathroom were immaculate. I am picky about bathroom cleanliness, there was not a hair to be found. Soap, facial moisturizer, lotion, shower gel, facial liquid soap, vanity kit, sewing kit and shower cap were provided and made by Neutrogena. The shower worked perfect and I tested it immediately when we entered the room (I read that someone had poor water pressure during their stay). The air conditioning was perfect and could be adjusted from low, medium to high but not shut off completely. It was over 80 degrees every day so this was not a problem, we love air conditioning! We did receive 2 delicious cookies at the check in and it came in handy when I got the munchies in the morning! When we checked out we left our bags with the hotel storage for $2 per bag ($1 each bag in, $1 for each back out).We hung out for a few hours afterward and then returned to the hotel to retrieve our bags without a problem. The only criticism I have about the room is that the sink drained a little slow, but was not a great concern for me. Also, some of the wallpaper near the window had bubbled out a bit but, again, was not a great concern for me. We did not use the internet and only watched a little TV, so I can not really comment on those services. We did not order room service. However, on our second night our neighbors next to us, room 1827, had two kids and they kept opening and closing their doors after 11pm. We called security and they came immediately and spoke with the people and it stopped. We had the same problem the next night, called security again. They came immediately and took care of the problem. After that, we slept like babies!By the way we had breakfast at the Luncheonette restaurant around the corner. But you can go cheaper at Oxford Cafe.I highly recommend this hotel for a vacation or a weekend away. We had a great time and I look forward to our next visit.	
Jul 5 2007 	Not worth the price and watch your bill!	At over $325 a night for the week I expected a pretty nice hotel. I was embarassed at the conditions of the hallways to the rooms. It made me feel a little uncomfortable (re: safe) just walking the hall to the room. Once in the room I couldn't believe how small the king room was. And there was no view - even for the 19th floor! There is a dresser/workdesk/TV stand unit on one side, the bed on the other, and a chair between them that you had to turn sideways to get into. The bathroom was so small you could almost use the toilet and shower at the same time. Don't have high expectations when you stay at this hotel and you'll do fine. However, watch the menu bar as they will charge you every day if you or the maid bumps the tray. It automatically hits your bill whether you take anything or not. It's supposed to allow you to pick up something and look at it for 20 seconds before billing you. I didn't use the mini-bar at all and got charges everyday. Anyway, try to get a completed bill when you leave. The clerk refused to give me one when I checked out, and indeed they hit my CC for some more menu-bar charges after I left. I won't be back at this hotel and will think twice about Doubletree since the clerk said it was corporate policy not to provide a completed bill. If Doubletree cares, the clerk was working 6/29 at 6:15AM and should be fired for his rudeness.	
Jul 4 2007 	Adequate. No more no less	New York Doulbetree Metropolitan: AdequateDate: June 28, 2007Pros: Good location; next to subway so we only had to use cabs getting to &amp; from LaGuardia; no problems with AC or enough hot water. We did have a small problem with the shower faucet that was turned so extremely tight we had to call the front desk to send someone to correct it. After the second call, a maintenance person came right away to loosen it. Beds were very comfortable.Delicious, hot chocolate-chip cookies were given to us on check-in, which by the way they let us do upon arrival around 2:00. Staff was pleasant and it looked like they went out of their way to greet guests enterting the hotel. We stayed four nights. We had to show our room keys before entering the elevator after 11:00 so we felt they were concerned about safety.Their Mets Grill was pricey: $6 for a baked potato the size of a tennis ball that only came with sour cream but the food was nice enough.Also, there is a PAX Wholesome Foods place around the corner on 52nd where we got great takeout food, including a wonderful spinach quiche and fresh salad, made to order. Reasonably priced too.Cons: Bath was indeed small. Bed linen was never changed during our 4-night stay, with no mention of their trying to help the environment. One night we had to call housekeeping for washcloths which they delivered right away. They never cleaned the ice-bucket or changed the plastic bag insert. The ice machine on the 5th floor is located in what appeared to a room that was formerly an elevator shaft. It was a bit dark &amp; scary. One night we noticed they were still cleaning rooms on our floor at 7:00 at night.Overall, I would probably stay there again...with better rates.	
Jun 29 2007	Pleasantly surprised	We were solicited for a Hilton vacation club presentation, with the incentive a 2-night stay for a greatly reduced rate at this hotel. We LOVE NYC, so we decided to go for it. We were a little concerned because of the mixed reviews. We arrived at about 1PM, early for the typical 3PM NYC hotel check-in. They are working on the building's exterior, so there was no place to pull the car in front to offload our luggage. We had to go around the block again (no mean feat in mid-town weekday traffic), go directly to the parking garage, then schlep our luggage on foot to the lobby, about 1/2 a block. Other than that, no problem, no wait, warm (delicious) &quot;welcome&quot; cookies, and right up to our room.As others have mentioned, it's not a huge room, somewhat below our experience of average size by NYC mid-range standards, but clean, with a truly excellent bed and linens. Hair-dryer, iron, ironing board provided, but no coffee-maker, internet access costs in the room (although it's free in the lobby), and no premium channels on the TV unless you pay for them. For what we were paying, it was just fine. Probably the friendliest, most helpful staff we have ever encountered in NYC, including at hotels with higher rack rates than this. And we go to NYC a lot. They really impressed us. And they all spoke excellent English (which, trust us, is not always the case).We had a room service breakfast, only because we were given $80 worth of vouchers at the presentation, which had to be spent on this current stay and could not be applied to the room charges or parking. We would never eat in in NYC otherwise. A full room service breakfast for two came to $80.03, including $30 each for bacon, eggs. juice, toast, home fries, and coffee, plus 8.75% sales tax, 20% automatic gratuity, and $3 room delivery charge (but, to be fair, all this is spelled out in the breakfast order form left in your room). The food was OK, but honey, no bacon and eggs is worth $80, even with freshly squeezed juice! Do yourself a favor and walk to a diner, unless someone else is paying for it.Another nice thing, check-out is noon, as opposed to the 10AM at most other places we've stayed. Made for a much less hectic morning.	
Jun 27 2007 	No Frills Great location pleasent stay but nothing to write home about...	The location is excellent for with lots of nice, more up market hotels near by and convenient for restaurants, snacks and other essentials. We were given a room on a higher floor with a good view of Lexington Avenue. Rooms are small to average size, comfortable enough for a couple who travels lightly. Bathroom was small, but bed very comfortable (king).Very busy hotel lobby with lots of airline crews but still managed to check in and check out in under 20mins, which isn't bad. Bar was good and the staff very friendly. Room service is not recommended as food came cold and under cooked. Overall, pleasant for the money we paid and you could pay more for such a good location. Would stay again and not eat in!	
Jun 25 2007 	BEDBUGS AT DOUBLETREE ROOM #822	After one night in the Doubletree room #822 I was covered in bedbug bites. I stopped counting after 31 bites which have now turned red and oozing with pus. They did upgrade my room and brought hydrocortisone cream but that did little to provide relief from the itching. Do not stay at this hotel without inquiring about their treatment for this problem. They had the nerve to suggest that I had brought the critters with me. I would seriously contact the NY health department if you are considering staying at this hotel to make sure the problem has been taken care of. They said they inspected the room and didn't find any but that provides me with little solace after the biting and scratching ordeal I have endured this past weekend!!!	
Jun 17 2007 	Yikes...bad far out number the good!	I read some other posts here before I went to this hotel, and I agreewith most of the negative reviews. upon our arrival we were put into a room on the 2nd floor..with a huge fan or exhast vernt of some kindinches from our window...since I could not be near that loud noise I asked that they move us to antoher room...we were told that we woudl be getting an &quot;upgrade&quot; and that we were on a higher floor. Once we got to our new room, it was just as big as our &quot;non upgraded&quot; room, but with a smaller (queen) bed! I didnt want to spend my whole first day whinning to the front desk, so I decided to just take the room, small bed and all...but then I went to turn on the A/C unit...YIKES! it sounded like there was a dying animal inside...it made such a terrible noise, most likely from the belt. So, once again, I went downstairs, this time to cancel all together, refund or not! There was a man working the font desk, no manager around, and he offered to once again upgraded me, and this time garantee'd it. Thank goodness this time it was an upgrade. We were mvoed to the 18th floor and had a room with a balcony!! It really was nice to have an outside area to hang out with out all the street nonsense! The room did still have major cosmetic issues, just like all the rest! there was peeling wall paper and paint...the window sills were all cracked and the tub was scratched and dented...Although the final upgrade was ok, I walked over to the Waldorf when I was having issues with this hotel, and found out that they were actaully better priced!! I would not stay here again...and I would not allow my friends to stay there either!	
Jun 15 2007 	Comfortable hotel good location	This hotel has a fantastic location. Really close to 5th Avenue shopping and just a short walk to central park or down to the Empire State Building.The rooms are clean and fairly spacious. Very comfy bed.I was staying by myself in a double room so it worked out fairly expensive for what it was. If you were sharing the room and the cost it would work fairly good value for money.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great Value	Great location next to subway and on convenient Lexington Ave. The room was ok size for two people, clean and good amenitites. It could use some cosmetic upgrades. The best experience while there: Our booking agent had booked us for incorrect dates and we didn't catch the problem. When checking in, they had no reservation for us on that date; however, they quickly worked to accommodate us with the same rates as promised by agent and gave us warm cookies. Convenient to breakfast and lunch restaurants and walking distance to many more great restaurants.	
Jun 12 2007 	Very convenient - no frills but worth considering	The location is excellent for Midtown and convenient for restaurants, snacks and other essentials.I checked in at the computerised terminal in the lobby, which was great untilit failed to print out my room number, but the desk staff were helpful then and throughout my two night stay. Room service even brought me a single fork at my request, when I got a take-out and had nothing to eat it with!Unfortunately I was given a smoking room, but this was bearable with the A/C on and some airfreshener bought from the local pharmacy. To compensate they gave me vouchers for a free breakfasts for me and even for my brother in law who popped by the next day.The breakfast buffet was quite well stocked.The king bed room was fine for one person and would have been OK for two, but the bathroom is small - although the bath itself is big and the shower was hot and powerful.Lots of airline crew seem to stay, and the lobby is fairly frenetic but as others have said, for the price this is a good enough base for those not spending too much time in the room.	
Jun 4 2007	wonderful experience	we stayed at this Doubletree last night and I was so impressed with the hotel that I wanted to write the review before we even left. We were greeted at the door by several hospitality people welcoming us to the hotel, we were checked in immediately, and given our warm welcome cookies. Upon finding out that I have an alergy to nuts, the check in clerk went away and came back with a box of 4 delicious chocolates for me instead. Our room was on the 17th floor, which had a great view and also a free continental breakfast for hilton honors members. The breakfast was excellent and manned by very happy and helpful staff. We requested a late checkout which was no problem...our room was modern, comfortable, quiet and immaculately clean. The bed and pillows the ulitmate in comfort, the bathroom was small but had a wonderful shower and neutrogena bath products. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and this will probably convince me to search for Doubletrees again. It is an oasis in New York to find anything like this for the same price as a lot of much lesser hotels.LesPortland Oregon	
Jun 2 2007 	lots to like lots to dislike	Stayed for 5 nights mid-May 2007 for a business trip. Convenient to Grand Central and there is a subway station right at the corner. Staff and service were very helpful. My room was on the 7th floor on the Lexington Avenue side. I was concerned that the street noise at that level would be unbearable, as I'd experienced several years earlier at the nearby Marriott East Side. This hotel was much quieter than that one, which was a pleasant surprise. The room was surprisingly quiet. it was also about $100/night cheaper. However, the rooms are clearly dated despite renovation attempts. The bathroom is tiny and feels cramped when showering. Water flow is good, however. The bed was very comfortable.Circulation for A/C and heat is poor, so the best way to ventilate was keep the window open.As a business traveler, I was frustrated by the lousy electrical sockets. They are not well situated in the room, and over half of them were so loose and rickety that PC and Blackberry power plugs would slide out and not stay plugged in. The TV also seemed to reset itself and turn on at midnight each night. Another co-worker's TV would turn on but not display video. It took the hotel 3 days to correct the issue, which ended up being a simple matter of correctly programming the TV remote.Not a great hotel if you'll spend a lot of time in the room. However, if you want a reasonably priced, convenient place to sleep in midtown, this one might be worth a try.	
Jun 1 2007 	Perfect location	Stayed at the Doubletree Hotel for 1 week in April. Very nice, brilliant location. Just 3min walk down the road to bloomingdales and a further 5 mins to central park.  Pleasent and situated in a great area.	
Jun 1 2007 	Loved it!	I'm not sure if we just got lucky or if some of the reviewers on here have much higher standards that us but we kicked off our last trip to the States with 4 nights here and we were really impressed.Our room was spacious, immaculate and the bed was extremely conformatble. The staff were courteous and friendly (especially the doorman) and the bar downstairs was great.The location is great for mid-town shopping and restaurants and only 2 mins walk from the green line for travelling into Lower Manhattan.My only reasons for not giving the hotel an &quot;excellent&quot; rating are as follows:1. Our room was on the 51st Street side of the hotel and there was some noise from the Fire station in the night.2. The blind in our room broke and we had to notify the front desk twice before it was fixed.3. The dinner menu in the restaurant was a bit limited.	
May 29 2007 	Good for a night	I stayed at this hotel for a night. The entrance is very funky and colorful. Warm cookie during check in was nice. Hotel room size was good for NYC. The room and and the bathroom were nice and clean. I thought $355 was OK for NYC hotel but I think it is a bit pricey for this doubletree. Overall if you are not going to stay in the room it was an average hotel with a good location.	
May 28 2007 	Enjoyable NYC Hotel Experience	I did a LOT of research online (Travelocity, Expedia, Hotels.com, etc.) on this hotel and I am glad I did. I think I booked a good hotel because I am very happy with my experience. When I first got there they were able to check us in quite early. Check in is usually around 3, but we were able to get into the room around 10. We took the red eye from San Diego and they may have been sympathetic! The room was good size...nothing like the &quot;shoe box&quot; descriptions of other hotels. I was thinking about booking a room at the W, but after seeing the size of the rooms I am glad I opted for the DoubleTree. The front desk was always very helpful with any requests we had. We asked for extra towels, had them delivered within 1 hour, and then received a follow up call to make sure we got them. Nice touch. The concierge was great, he had a lot of great suggestions. The room was always clean upon our arrival back from a long day on the town. One draw back that didn't relate to us: their computer system was down one afternoon and there were some angry people checking in! Everyone got an apology letter from the management, but I am sure there were some unhappy travelers arriving. The best thing about the hotel: great location. We talked a ton and there were subway stations right next to the hotel which was perfect. So all in all, I am really happy with the hotel.	
May 21 2007 	Overpriced and Shabby	After paying an outrageous price for a room with 2 double beds ($519 for a last minute reservation), my mother-in-law and I were appalled by the peeling wallpaper in our room, the tiny bathroom, the uncomfortable beds, and the $47 room service steak with a potato, diced vegetables and a glass of water. Overall, the service was quite friendly, but it couldn't make up for the usurious price.	
May 15 2007 	Choose the Hilton Time Square!	Not that it is a 'bad' hotel, but to me it was not worth the hassle. I like to have a &quot;cool&quot; as in temp room. This hotel had horrible air circulation/conditioning. I would actually get dizzy in the rooms! If I opened the window, it was better, but having the fire station across the street made it impossible to have the window open at night. The decor was updated, but in a 'cheap' way. Bathrooms provided little storage space and found the desk chair cheap and uncomfortable. You can certainly do better for the money. Doubletree is a nice brand, but not this location!	
May 10 2007 	Pricey but it was OK !!	I would like to start saying that eventhough I was in the city for business I found myself very confortable staying at this hotel.I have to comment on a few things as you have read in the previous comments , for example:1- Pricey, yes, but who isn´t in NY city.2- Hotel definitively needs some work mostly in the bathrooms. They are very small and not well kept. I really did not like the bathrooms.3- The rooms are not as small as everybody say, I found them to be very good size and they have wonderful beds. Beds are the highlight of the room.4- Location is perfect, good neighborhood.5- Cookies at check-in are a great touch. 6- Noisy, yes, you pretty much hear everything in the rooms next to you however it did not bother me.Overall, I liked my stay, staff was not very friendly but again I was on business so I did not need that much pampering.If I have to come back to NY I will keep this hotel within my options.	
May 8 2007 	Just OK -- but good location	The hotel is in a great location. If you aren't going to be spending much time in your room, the Doubletree is fine. I found the hotel to be a bit run down and extremely basic. We stayed for a weekend following a week of business in Washington, DC. The room was adequate.	
May 2 2007 	No Air Conditioning!!	I stayed here because I always stay at Hilton properties and I wanted to use my Hilton Honors points. As soon, as we entered our room, we noticed the air conditioning was not working. After three calls to complain, we were told there was no air in any of the rooms because of the outside temperature was not hot enough and we would need to open our window if we were hot. The outside temperatures got up into the mid 70's and still no air. Try getting some sleep with a fire station and police department directly across the street, not to mention the hotel restaurant's vent blowing food stink right into the window. Their website states the rooms come with air conditioning and &quot;in room climate control&quot;. I would have overlooked the dusty furniture, dirty bedskirt, clogged sink and hair in my bathtub and on the toilet, if I had only had air. My stay there was absolutely miserable!	
Apr 30 2007 	"Affordable" hotel in Manhattan	All hotels in Manhattan, especially Midtown, are expensive. That's a fact! This hotel was a value for the price. Good location and proximity to Rockafeller, Time Square, and Central Park. Rooms were clean and comfortable and no suprises. What you would expect from a Hilton property. A few things I would NOT recommend: The restaurant. Our group had dinner there and the service was mediocre and the food...... well, McDonald's can do better. I had a filet mignon and was quite surpised when it arrived covered in what looked like instant brown gravy and water from the overcooked vegetables. Also, the bar is fun and can get crowded at night. Go to the bar to get a drink though, the waitress was lazy and seemed irritated with our presence.Go accross the street to Mr. K's for Chinese-expensive but awesome!	
Apr 19 2007 	Jsut Alright for a Double Tree	As a Hilton HHonors Gold member paying full price, not my favorite Double Tree. Great location and pretty lobby although, staff was stiff. I asked for maybe a better room that didnt blow smoke in every morning, I was told I was in the nicest room and they would check oozing cig smoke smell problem. I stay at lots of hotels this was more like a old Hampton Inn.	
Apr 17 2007 	Very happy at the Doubletree Metropolitan	Stayed here one night for business. The location is wonderful. We ate yummy Indian food right down the street at a place called Indigo (had a celeb in the restaurant too- in all my visits to NY that was my first celeb sighting!). The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in at a hotel. The staff was very friendly, the room was very clean. I'd definitely stay here again. I think the ~300 price we each paid was very reasonable for the area and the ammenities.	
Apr 12 2007 	Loved it!!!	~Just back from this hotel and thought it was lovely! WE were able to check in early and the cookies were lovely!! The staff cant do enough for you!! The Room was big, well bigger than other hotels ive stayed in in ny! the room was spotless, the cleaners were in everyday to change towels and bedclothes!! Beds were very comfy! The bathroom was a decent size too! and the shower was good!!Location is very good, short walk to 5th ave, Time Square, Macys! everything is walkin distance!!If i was to go back to new york again i WOULD stay here again! i dont no why so many reviews have classed it as a bad hotel!! THere is nothing wrong with it, and im a very fussy person! The pictures on the website is exactly wat i got!!	
Apr 10 2007 	A quick stay...	I stayed here for 1 night in late March. The hotel is not as nice as the Doubletree in Times Square but then again it is at least $100- $150 / nt. cheaper. Well located if you have business on the east side. Not a whole lot going on at the hotel - bar was dead on a Thu. night - but there are plenty of options in the area. (The W is 1 block south and has great bar!) Staff was VERY courteous and room was clean with nice amenities. There are definitely some worn patches but overall its pretty good for a mid priced hotel in Manhattan.	
Apr 10 2007 	No luxury no complaints up to expectations	I was there with my wife for the Easter Holiday (4 nights). I was warmly welcomed, got a cookie and found the room spotless. I would return there anytime with the corporate rate I got.The electronic safe was locked, I asked for a maintenance person to unlock it, this was solved in the next 20 minutes by a friendly employee. The bathroom ceiling is indeed peeling off (as mentioned in many other reviews), since there are no bathroom fan, which is weird, but that is the only downside I found.That said, the bed and pillows are great, the shower has good pressure, the location is perfect, next to the subway.It is not a top class hotel, rooms are small, but it is in Manhattan, so it met my expectations.	
Apr 5 2007	My PROs and CONs	PROS: No doubt that the hotel is in a very safe area, and close to everything. Subway near by; tons of bars and restaurants. My wife loves Starbucks, so there is one in evey corner. The staff is very friendly. CONS: It costs too much for the size of the room. I happened to have a relative who could get a good rate. But again, NYC (Manhattan) is very expensive. Breakfast is not included.	
Mar 30 2007 	Great location but not first rate	Stayed here one night in January on business. Only picked this hotel because this is where my client was staying. It turned out to be convenient but I don't consider this a great hotel. The roach walking through the hallway was a bit of a turn-off.The lobby has very little seating so it's a difficult place to wait for someone. The room was comfortable enough but you couldn't sit at the desk comfortably because the chair gets jammed against the bed. The bathroom was okay but small. My client never had tv service during her entire stay and overall service was less than stellar.One bright spot was breakfast downstairs in the restaurant. Excellent service, good variety of offerings and very modern decor. Not the worst place I've ever stayed in NYC but I won't be back here unless I have no other choice.	
Mar 29 2007	Good Location BUT	....The location of this hotel is super and I will stay in the same area next time I'm in NYC. Having said that the hotel rooms are poor. Ours was small and there was mildew of the walls.It was impossible to keep the room tempurture comfortable. Still it was good value and I suppose if you are in NYC you not going to be spending much time in you hotel room. The location probably outweighs most negatives	
Mar 29 2007 	ok for a short stay	we have just returned from a weekend break in the doubletree and though it was OK it was not great. Hotel is in a great location couple of blocks from 5th ave most places within walking distance. We stayed in a room on the 16th floor, rooms where a good size but not very clean, when we arrived there were hairs in the bath, the bathroom overall was not very clean could have been a lot better and apart from making the bed I dont know what the housekeeper done!!. The bed was very comfortable, but the air condition was quite noisey and could not be altered or turned off it didnt seem to do anything but make a noise, the staff on the front desk were not very helpful/friendly but I found the staff in the restaurant very polite and helpful. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels in the US and never come across the system the Doubletree had in place for the mini bar if you picked something up from the tray to see if you might want it but you decided not to so put it back if it had been out of the tray for more then 20 seconds you where charged for it also which I have done in the past and not been told I cant is put other stuff in the mini bar fridge this again caused a charge which when mentioned at the front desk I was told &quot;well its not a fridge its a mini bar&quot; in quite an unfriendly manner, you are notified of the charge on a small note placed in the tray which at first just looks like a price list stuck between the goods on the tray.	
Mar 28 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here for three nights and overall the stay was good. The bed was very comfortable and the room was nice. I found the restaurant to be a bit lacking. The first night I visited it, everything I asked for from the menu I couldn't get for some reason, I ended up settling for something I didn't really want because I was hungry but didn't each much of it because it wasn't great. The waiting staff were very friendly but seemed to be in a constant state of confusion and flurry even when the place was near empty!!! I had breakfast one morning and would never do it again - it was awful and over-priced.The bar was nice, unusual for a hotel bar and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The cocktails were tasty but I order the same one three times and got a different version of it three times. The cocktail waitress could've been a bit friendlier - or friendly at all might have helped! The hotel itself and the room were nice and most of the staff were too just not very organised- although check in was a breeze and the receptionist very nice. The day we were leaving we checked out and left our bags with the concierge and asked to get a taxi booked for our flight for later that day, he was very friendly and took the details professionally. We arrived back at the hotel later, retrieved our bags, tipped him and sat awaiting our taxi as we were half an hour early. 40 minutes later, stil no taxi. A different conceirge came over and asked us what we were waiting on and so ensued a process where we realised that the previous guy had obviously forgotten to book the taxi and was ringing to get one now. He told us 7 minutes. 15 minutes later and no taxi - with bad traffic we knew we were pushing it for the flight and asked him if he could just flag one - something he probably should have done from the beginning. We ended up paying more for the taxi and although we made our flight I would suggest if staying here do not leave your airport transportation in the hands of this hotel!!	
Mar 26 2007 	Below Par	Our assigned room would not accommodate a rollaway bed as promised. The second room was still so small that there was no space to walk to the bath room w/o stepping over the rollaway. Our room was beat to death and ceiling was peeling. Front desk staff was aloof. Concierge was good, which was the bright spot.	
Mar 20 2007 	Loved It !	Spent 3 nights in the Doubletree Metropolitan, and I absolutely LOVED IT! I was upgraded to a suite on the top floor at no additional charge based on my hilton diamond status. The room was clean, very large compared to other rooms in manhatten hotels, with cool furniture, flat panel tv, and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel. Great location, nice staff, good restaurant on site, funky bar, and a really good gym. AND it was cheaper than the Hampton Inn I stayed at last year in the same area if I paid in advance for my room when I made the reservation, which I did. I would definitely stay here again !!	
Mar 15 2007	great	i booked a room on hotels.com for the marriott east. it was 4 of us total. marriott said that a room with two beds was not available (even though we had reserved them online)--they said the &quot;reservation was not a guarantee!!&quot; (then what is it then?) we called hotels.com, and had to wait about 25 minutes on hold. they eventually did find us a room at the Doubletree, luckily it was two blocks away--and cost $40 less per night, about $240 total.i must say we were impressed by doubletree. great staff, great location, decent rooms. the lobby was neat and modern, not pretentious like the marriott (they think they're the trump or something). the doubletree staff were friendly and helpful. (the marriott staff by contrast looked like saying hello required a tip.) our room was decent and clean. the bathroom was modern, even though there were some waterspots on the ceiling (I never understood why NY hotel bathrooms always look so bad). it looked clean at least. good soap/shampoo. the housekeeping staff were also very nice. the beds were fine. clean sheets. small flat screen tv with wireless internet keyboard (didn't use). window opens (yay), modern blinds. not much of a view (office building accross street) but who cares.the best thing about the hotel is it's location. there are nice restaurants all around (especially 3rd ave). go down to Azure for breakfast--great food cheap prices at this deli. (come out of the front of the hotel, make a right on 50th and walk down 2 blocks). $20 for an omlette if you want room service...pershaw!.it's about a $10 cab ride to chinatown (with traffic).The hotel bar was pretty trendy. drink prices were average, $5 for a beer to $12 for a chocolate martini. the wait staff there were also nice. lots of people hanging out (saturday night) so great for meeting people.like most of manhattan, parking prices suck. at least the lot is right around the corner on 50th so you don't have to valet/tip. $45 a night and make sure you get the car out exactly before the 24/hr day ends, or else you pay a huge fee.	
Mar 11 2007 	Satisfactory	The rooms at the Doubletree Metro are very petite in size. The decor of the room was plain and simple, lacking charisma. The lobby was also small and many left guests where left standing where chairs were lacking. The bar right next to the lobby, does provide additional seating and has good aesthetics.The hotel was able to accommodate an early check-in around noon; however, don't expect it, as it is rare. The staff members of the Doubletee Metropolitan were friendly and knowledgeable.The room was suitable for two adults. It would be a little cramped if you planned on bringing a third guest or a child along. The storage space was minimal, and only four hangers are provided for your convenience. If you plan on spending most of your time outside of the hotel seeing the city, then you'll be fine. However, I think the hotel is a little on the pricey side for what you pay.There are plenty of late-night snacking and dining options around the hotel, as well as a subway stop is less than 20 feet away from the entrance.Upon departure a staff member booked a car service for me to the airport. It was $55 to JFK ($35 for La Guardia) at a special hotel rate. It's much easier to do this than to take the SuperShuttle from the airport (HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED).Enjoy New York!	
Mar 8 2007 	Exactly Right!	I stayed 5 nights at the Doubletree last month and was very, very pleased. As I searched the web for Manhattan hotels I was hoping to find something cheaper than the $185/night I paid for the Doubletree, but lots of negative reviews on TripAdvisor for cheaper properties scared me away.The Doubletree was comparable to their best properties elsewhere, with a room that's definitely large by NYC standards. Very clean, very comfortable, and a helpful staff. If you can manage the price and want a mid-town location, I'd say you can't go wrong here.Location is excellent - subway stop at the corner, and a different subway line just one block up Lex. Short walk to MoMA, 9 short blocks to Grand Central Station. (I took shuttle bus from the airport to GC and just walked to the hotel from there.)Finally: A couple of tips for good cheap breakfasts in the neighborhood (I splurged on dinners): The Oxford Cafe at Lex &amp; 52nd, and Ess-a-Bagel on 3rd Ave between 50th &amp; 51st. Enjoy!	
Mar 7 2007	Great Location	The hotel is pretty basic however our room was spacious for the centre of NY. The hotel itself was okay and the staff were very helpful particularly the concierge. The standard of decor within the room, however, was pretty poor ie there was a chunk missing from the door in the top right hand corner! After having read other reviews re safety (only after having booked it!), we kept the chain on and a chair up against the door but never had any problems. The bathroom is very small but the shower was great, powerful which is what we like. The bed was comfortable and there wasn't a great deal of noise.....outside our window. The noise from other guests was a different matter however, very noisy! On the whole, not bad. Would use it again on the basis that I wasn't looking for luxury, by no means, but location was great, very convenient and for the price, can't complain.	
Mar 6 2007	Mildew	Overall not bad-- but not great either. I booked a good rate (I know, you get what you pay for...) Bathrooms had no ventilation whatsoever, wallpaper was peeling and the entire bathroom stunk of mildew. I went to CVS and bought a can of Lysol which helped somewhat.	
Mar 6 2007 	great location	I visited New York with my wife and 20 yr old daughter recently and stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel on Lexington Ave. The hotel was great with very helpful and friendly staff. We had a triple room with 2 x double beds which was average size and very clean with very little street noise. There was a gym at the hotel but we did'nt have time to use it though. The bar was very lively and comfortable. Breakfast in the hotel was quite expensive,- about 20 dollars each but there were 2 cafes next door which did breakfasts at a fraction. The location was great, about 15 mins walk to the Empire State, Times Square, Grand Cenral Station and about 1mile from Greenwich Village. Will definately stay here on the next visit.	
Mar 4 2007 	Okay stay	Two night at Doubletree was pretty OK, location great, friendly front-office staff, comfy beds... Not so great: security, anyone could walk-in to the floors, in the middle of Manhattan this is not safe! The carpet was filthy, dusty and the room was small (but that's understandable for NY).I would go again, but I really wish they would do something about the security.	
Mar 1 2007 	Excellent location great hotel	A friend and I went for a girlie weekend and stayed in the Doubletree for 4 nights. We were upgraded on check in (great staff at the desk) and the room was big (by NY standards, small by European standards) and clean. The bathroom was very small but well designed and functional. The location is fantastic, it's a stroll from 5th Avenue shopping and there is a subway station literally outside the door. I'd certainly go back.	
Feb 25 2007 	Where's the coffee???	I stayed at the Doubletree Metropolitan for one night on business in Feb 2007. Great location in Manhattan and was upgraded to a king sized room on check-in, which was nice! Room size was OK but the room was a little rough around the edges. Service was excellent as usual for the US. However, the stay was let down by a lack of coffee making facilities in the room. As a brit only in the US for 3 days it was pretty much guaranteed I would be awake at some dreadful time in the morning. Unfortunately room service seemed to stop between 10pm and 6am meaning I had to go 2h without coffee after I woke up, not a good thing. For the price you pay for a room in this hotel this seems a little crazy.	
Feb 23 2007	Ok but security is a worry	Location-wise this place was pretty good, but the hotel was long overdue an upgrade. The public areas away formthe lobby were in dire need of a makeover. Our room was small be perfectly adequate, beds were comfortable and the shower was great - albeit a bit on the cold side.But the BIG problem was security. This is an hotel in which you MUST follow the advice to keep doors locked and chains on. On two occassions, both at the dead of night, someone tried surreptitiously to get into our room, only being kept out by the chain. I don't know whether this was staff members or someone with a keycard but I suspect that it was someone who had worked out a way to bypass the electronic lock e.g. with a slim-jim or something flexible. Whoever it was was undeterred by not getting into our room becuase they could be heard trying doors up and down the corridor. I shudder to think what would have happened had they got in.	
Feb 22 2007 	So-so hotel worth it if you get a good deal.	Firstly, the location of this hotel is excellent, and for most people you will spend more time out enjoying NYC and not cooped up in your hotel! The hotel is also very clean and the rooms, while small (not tiny, just on the small side) are very comfortable. So if you just want a good base and you get a decent rate, this hotel is a good option.We did have a few problems however. We had booked directly through the hotel's website so we could make specific requests (twin beds, connecting rooms) which travel agents could not guarantee. It was a little more expensive, but we thought worth it to be sure of what we would be getting. Upon arrival at 4 p.m. we were told if we wanted these requests filled we would have to wait for our rooms, which we agreed to do. After 45 minutes I returned and was told 1 room was ready. We went up to the room to find it was a double with no connecting door! We returned to reception to be told they had no record of our requests (despite the previous aknowledgement). We ended up stuck with non connecting double rooms for the duration.Overall I found the staff (reception, bar staff and concierge) to be rude and unhelpful. I complained twice and asked a manger to contact me but I never heard from them. Disappointing.	
Feb 20 2007 	Too small too expensive	This hotel is vastly overpriced for what it delivers, even by New York standards. The room was so small that I felt claustrophobic. The internet didn't work but I got charged for it anyway.	
Feb 14 2007 	Excellent Location	The three most important features of this hotel are: location, location, location.We were in NY just for a quick vacation, and the central location of this hotel was excellent. Subway stations, the Park, SoHo, etc. are all a quick cab ride, or enjoyable walk from the hotel. The staff was very nice and professional. As you have probably read, they give you a nice warm chocolate cookie when you check in. Actually, we would ask for a cookie every morning when we left the hotel and they happily obliged. The bar/lounge area in the lobby is a nice place to have a drink and wait. The concierge was helpful the one time I asked him a couple of questions. The rooms were nice, kind of like an IKEA sample room. There is a small flatscreen TV, and a little love seat sofa. The rooms were clean and ours had a very nice view. If I really want to find something to complain about, I could say the bathrooms are a bit small, but you are in Manhattan with some of the most expensive real estate in the world, so don't expect a luxury bathroom unless you pay a premium for it. For a middle of the road hotel, I think the Doubletree Metropolitan really has a lot to offer. Again, the location is what makes this hotel a great value.	
Feb 14 2007	Convenient comfortable - and cramped	I booked this hotel on Quikbook for a 4-night stay associated with a business trip. The rate varied with each night (from a low of $139 to a high of $199). Oddly, Quikbook offered the four different rates for my stay, whereas the Hilton website only offered the highest rate for all 4 nights (i.e. $199 x 4). When I called to see if I could book directly with the hotel at the rates of $139, 159, 179 and 199), I was told no (although I guess I could have achieved the same result by making 4 separate bookings ....)Overall, I was happy with our stay. The location was perfect for my business trip (meetings mostly in midtown east) and for shopping. I much prefer this area (which is near where I used to live) to the Times Square area (where I'd stayed a few weeks ago - at the Westin). There is a subway stop right beside the hotel and Grand Central is a short walk away. Our room was clean, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was of a reasonable size and had good water pressure and reliable hot water levels. Housekeeping was friendly and efficient; the woman who cleaned our room each day did a great job of accommodating our needs (we had to spend a lot of the time in the room working and/or studying), and cleaned around us when we had to stay in. There is a decent choice of nearby cafes (Au Bon Pain is one of the best). As I recalled from when I lived in this neighbourhood, there seem to be relatively few restaurants on Lexington or Third Avenue just to the East. You'll have much more choice if you walk one more block further east to Second Avenue.There were a number of irritating aspects of our visit, though. First, most of the front desk staff we dealt with were brusque and unhelpful (the exception was the supervisor who dealt with some problems with our bill on check-out; he was very service-oriented and professional). As others have mentioned, there is no minibar or coffee maker in the room. At this price, a free cup of in-room coffee in the morning would seem appropriate. Of course, the room was so tiny, there was practically no room for either appliance. The room is so tiny, there was only enough space for a small armchair jammed up between the bedside table and the window. There was so little space, it was impossible to sit in the chair. Internet was $10.77 a day (better than some hotels, but not cheap); frustratingly, the box and wire connection for the internet had such a short cord that it was impossible to sit on the bed (adjacent to the tiny desk - and only 18&quot; away from the box/wire contraption on the desk) and use one's laptop. (Note: There is a Fedex/Kinkos about 2 blocks north - a better value if you only need the internet for a short period of time or if you need to print something.) It costs $1 per bag to store a bag - perhaps I would have tipped that much but I think this sort of thing should be in the customer's discretion, not a fixed fee.Would I stay here again? Yes, because of the location and because the hotel is clean and the beds are comfortable - but I wish the hotel wouldn't nickel and dime its customers - and if I could afford the larger rooms, I'd pay for upgrade.	
Feb 8 2007 	not impressed	We arrived earlier than told to but were able to store the small luggage we had in the holding area near reception.I was excited to check out the room and hotel when I realised it was part of the Hilton family however I did not feel it should be in anyway related!!!The room was clean and spacious. We were given free cookies after collecting our luggage to properly check in. However when we got to the room there were no facilities for making tea and coffee in the room!!!There was a can machine in a room down the corridor which looked like it was part of staff quarters and not the most appealing room.We only stayed in the hotel for 2 nights but did not spend too much time there.We did however visit the bar on the 2nd night which were there was a waiting service however the waitress was too busy talking and sitting at a table by the time she came over to our table my partner was already on the way back from the bar with drinks!!!! Nice Martini though. Probably the only good thing about the hotel.I would not go back	
Feb 6 2007	Good Stuff	Location ideal, 5 mins to Grand Central, 10 mins to Times Square. Directly by a Subway station. Surrounded by other glamorous hotels also, making you feel your really n the top area. No problems with the staff, and the rooms, though smaller than most US rooms, not bad for NYC. Bed was cracking, very comfortable. The cookie`s a nice touch also.No problems at all, and close to it all.	
Jan 21 2007 	High recommended	I stayed here for 5 nights in November 2006 and couldn't fault the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and the room and spacious, nicely decorated, quiet and very clean.We didn't eat here but I did order room service which was delicious and beautifully served. There is also a good hotel bar.The location was perfect for us. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for somewhere central to stay in Manhattan as I was absolutely delighted with it.	
Jan 19 2007	Great Location	Spent 5 nights in New York. The hotel is in a great location, 3 blocks from fifth ave and a further 3 from broadway. New York is a city that is easy to travel in. The hotel as per previous reviews is good for those that don't need to spend much time there ie just for a bath and for sleeping in. The rooms were big but the bathrooms were very small. The beds were very comfy. The only downside is make sure that the do not disturb sign is put outside and that the privacy lock is on, otherwise the cleaners are constantly trying to get in and is quite disconcerting. The sound proofing needs to be better but overall the place is what you pay for in this city.	
Jan 11 2007 	doubletree great	stayed here dec 06, thought the hotel was great and in a great location. the desk staff were very friendly and helpfull. the rooms were cleaned every day and are agood size wich is rare in new york, i have travelled here from ireland quite a few times and this is the best hotel yet and great value.ideal location and hotel for a trip to new york.the only downside is the price of the drinks in the bar, have a good stay	
Jan 5 2007 	Definitely Recommend!!	My wife and I stayed there for 4 days over new year's and had a great experience to ring in 2007. We arrived early (12:30p) and we were checked in, complete with our warm cookies, in about 5 minutes even though the lobby was mobbed with people checking in on a Friday afternoon of the holiday weekend. Rooms are small, but very efficient and with newer furniture, flat screen TV, nice comforter, but above all else they were clean. Only odd thing, as some have noted in their reviews, no vent fan in the bathroom so paint is peeling off the ceiling. We didn't care really to be honest. Nice bar off lobby, decent sized gift shop too, but we were too busy seeing the sites to use either. Soda machines on the floors, but buy locally at all the drug stores right in the neighborhood and save a $1 per bottle. I should also point out the hotel's perfect location on Lexington Av. to so many sites in Manhattan. 10 minute walk to Rockefeller Plaza and 15 minute walk to Times Square and 15 minutes to Central Park. My wife and I didn't really know where to stay other than being close to Times Square for new year's--this is a great place to see so much of NYC. For food we wanted basic and quick - the metro cafe right next door to the hotel can give you a $5-7 breakfast to start your day + has sandwiches and sodas. Down the street is a Red Stone Pizzeria for good NY style pizza, salads, etc. Tons of nicer places too all over and neighborhood is safe - lots of commercial and retail all around you. We'll definitely go back.	
Jan 3 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed here in November 2006, on our third visit to New York. Wins hands down over the other places we've stayed, and both of them have been pretty good. Maid service daily, clean towels etc.10 minute walk to Central Park and Times Square. Chrysler building around 10 blocks down Lexington.One thing I would say, give the restaurant in the hotel a miss, not the best by any means!	
Jan 1 2007 	Possibly average but watch the details	Stayed for 9 nights over Christmas 2006. 2 adults and 2 teenagers in one room (room 250). Tried to charge us $50 for the childrens breakfasts as max for room package was 2. Manager sorted this out but lots of problems every day re: missing vouchers etc. Breakfast very mediocre and actually unnecessary as the hotel is surrounded by lots of sandwich bars which are very cheap and excellent quality. Toilet blocked (room 250) on 2 nd day, bath outflow (room 736) very slow. Noisy lovers in next door room on 3 rd day necessitated us all moving to another room at 3 am. New room was bigger but had sink in bedroom as bathroom was too small (room 736). Internet was free in lobby - just as well as cable in room was broken - they fixed it with cable across room!! Bathroom ceiling in 250 was peeling (as in your photos) and also mould at bath edge. Also bar cost $22.40 for two gin and tonics!!!!!! Finally the concierges were really only interested in selling trips and restaurants for their fee. Example: Q: Where can we eat on Christmas Day? A: &quot;very hit and miss, mostly closed, can get reservation at $150 each&quot;! Theatre tickets offers had 100% markup. Actually, virtually everything was open. We ate in Planet Hollywood (excellent and cheap) and went to Radio City Show (10 min in line, excellent seats) both on Christmas Day. Hot Tip: Must get New York City Pass - saved hundreds of dollars for the four of us.The good news: the management addressed all our problems quickly and even returned our passports which I left in the lobby as we were leaving!! The location of the hotel is excellent and across the road to the Waldorf where President Bush stays.	
Dec 28 2006 	Good value hotel in a very convenient location	We stayed at the Doubletree a couple days before Christmas; father, mother, and 2 small children. I was suspicious of the hotel because of the extreme &quot;good or bad&quot; reviews here on TripAdvisor, but a friend recommended it, it's in a great location, and I found a price under $200/night - so I booked our stay here. It turns out we had a good experience. I've stayed many times in Manhattan, and I've paid much more for much less. I found the hotel to be a solid 3-star to 3-1/2 star. The room was stylish, clean, and in great shape - small but large enough for the 4 of us, and the staff was courteous and professional. The location is wonderful for a mixture of Manhattan activities. It's within walking distance of Rockefeller Center, Broadway, and Central Park. For going downtown (or uptown to museums) the subway is just outside the door. We didn't use any of the hotel restaurants, but the lobby bar seemed to be a popular spot - it had great modern decor and was full most of the night - it could have been mistaken for the W Hotel bar down the street.Two disappointing experiences were the frequent long lines at the concierge and the storage fees for luggage after room check-out ($1/bag to check-into storage and another $1/bag to check-out ... absurd - I've never experienced this anywhere else). But overall, I will definitely consider staying at the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel again.	
Dec 13 2006	Good accommodation great location	My son &amp; I stayed 3 nights in this hotel to celebrate his 21st birthday. Had a room with two double beds on the 11th floor. Good size room, clean, beds really comfortable. Great location for Manhattan. We didn't really use the hotel apart from sleeping and showering, All hotel staff were pleasant &amp; courteous. There was some discolouration on the bathroon ceiling, but apart from that the room was fine. The location was fantastic, all the main attractions were within 10/15 minutes walk. It is a great base for sightseeing and shopping. I don't understand why anyone would give it a negative review, unless they were expecting total luxury.It is just like it looks on their website.I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to friends and family.	
Dec 12 2006 	Fantastic hotel in a great location	We visited New York and booked the Doubletree as it seemed a decent standard for the price. We were very pleased. The room (Standard King) was large and the bed was mega comfy!! Yes, there was a bit of peeling paint on the bathroom ceiling, but the hotel was clean, tidy and everyone from the bell boy to the desk staff were friendly and helpful. The location was fantastic with 5th avenue 3 blocks away in one direction, and bloomingdales 5 blocks away in the other. Would highly recommend this hotel to people on a budget who need a decent midtown location.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great NY hotel for the price	I travel to New York on business several times each year and always stay at the Doubletree. In NY, most hotel rooms are small and well worn, but the Doubletree has more space and is recently remodeled. Very comfortable beds! The location is great, making it convenient to get to meetings anywhere in the city. The restaurant is good for meetings (they let you stay as long as you need), although a bit overpriced for the quality. The Metro Cafe next door is perfect for quick meals. I have found the concierge and front desk staff to be adequate, but when traveling on business I don't need my hand held.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great Location	Well for starters I showed up at the wrong time to check in it was right at 4pm and I think everyone was checking in at that time. Even had lines for the self check in computers. No big deal was not in a big hurry. Very nice lobby which is always a good thing when you walk in to somewhere in NY. When I got to my room I did not know whether I checked into a match box or a hotel room. But come to find out I got stuck in a smaller room (could have been because of the stairs right beside my room). Other then that it was ok. Internet in the room was $11/per day. Bed was soft pillows were ok. Crappy view of the condos right next to the hotel. I do not recommend buying a drink down in the hotel bar/lounge unless you are ready to pay for it (beer $8 / mixed drink $12) maybe I just got the wrong bartender. Of course it is Manhattan. But in all the hotel is nice!	
Nov 26 2006 	one moldy and rude hotel	I booked this hotel through Hilton web site. Looking by the past reviews in which if I had a had chance to read before going I surely would have cancelled this reservation.Front desk personal awful, Charged total stay two times to my card andwas told I would have to take it up with my bank. They would not tak care of it. I had to wait for the holiday to have the bank cancel one of there transactions. Moron at front desk when I was asked for a cookie states you already got one at check in. Now this is true but every Double Tree I have stayed at, which have been many gives out cookies upon requests. When you pay $300.00 a night I don't think asking for a extra cookie is a request that should not be honored. The bathroom had mold on ceiling. Walls are paper thin. We could he our neighbors show they were watching. Problem with toilet in which we reported to housekeeping but they never fixed it. So we took it upon ourselves to fix. Paid 50.00 per person for dinner at the restr. Ha gourmet food is was not. Took us two hours to have dinner. Stayed thirsty the whole time because servers never came around to find out how your food was or if you need any refills. Had to go hunt someone down to even get our bill to pay. Then the bill was incorrect.Do not stay here. There are many other hotels to choose from.	
Nov 26 2006	New York Shopping Trip	My best friend from school and I have just returned from the Doubletree Metropolitan Hotel in New York from a 3 night stay. We booked this trip late and did not have a clue what we were going to after reading the reviews, they were either really bad or good.At the beginning of the year we stayed in a 5 star hotel in New York and it was excellent so after booking this we had mixed feelings about booking this hotel.On arriving at the hotel we was an hour earlier at check in but was greeted with our cookie and given our room number without any problem. When I asked if we had two double beds the lady said that the travel company had booked us a small room with only one double bed. When I asked if we could have a room with two double beds she said that because of Thanksgiving Day the hotel was very busy but she looked on her computer and then gave us a bigger room on the 12th Floor with two double beds.The room was of a nice size and had two double beds a small but very clean bathroom. The only think that we missed was not having a kettle in the room which was the only downfall. Our room was not noisy but it was at the back of the hotel and I dont know if it would of made any difference if we had been at the front of the hotel.The hotel is in a great location walking distance to Fifth Avenue Shops, Central Park, Grand Central Station, Madison Avenue Shops, Bloomingdales and Times Square.The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful and cannot say a bad work about the people or the hotel all in all a good trip to New York with lots and lots of shopping done and food ate,	
Nov 23 2006 	Getting Better Still a Ways to Go	I stayed here in mid-November 2006. It was my first visit in over a year, when the property had just converted from an independent to a Doubletree. The function of the hotel has definitely improved. Access to the Executive Lounge is now clear - before, the staff weren't sure if you could get in if you were a Gold or Diamond HHonors member (now, you can only get in if you are Gold or Diamond). The check-in process has also improved, especially if you are Gold/Diamond and check in on the web ahead of time. My room was cleaned and ready to go. The cosmetic issues that other reviews mention are definitely still an issue - wall paper separating, stains on carpets, scuffs on walls. Overall, though the price is great, the location is great and the restaurant / bar are perfect for rainy nights when you don't want to go out.The photos below are of a junior suite with a king bed.	
Nov 19 2006 	Not the Peninsula - the Doubletree and it was okay.	We booked a Friday night stay at the Doubletree Metropolitan, November is a notoriously busy month for hotels in Manhattan, and although we normally prefer to stay at the W - the cost was prohibitive right before the Holidays . We thought $230 for a king executive room was decent, and the hotel was not disappointing. The room was standard size for a Manhattan property, it was clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was decent (there was no fan, so the paint was peeling from the ceiling - but there was no mold) and as I said, the room was clean. The Doubletree is not a 5 star property, it is a 3 star and a good one at that. I've stayed at several other NYC hotels, paid more, and gotten far less. If I were a traveler on a budget, I'd definitely opt to stay here again.Pro's: cheap eats right around the corner. Cookies at check in. Comfortable beds and linens. Convenient to GCT, a couple blocks to Radio City, subway station right outside. Con's: peeling paint from ceiling in bathroom, no fan in the bathroom.	
Nov 11 2006	Weak	Weak hotel...it is NOT NEWLY RENOVATED (at least it doesn't look that way). Old and tired hotel. No A/C on warm days in the fall (hotel switchs to heat throughout...you sweat). Dingy and dirty. Cheap furnishings. Very disappointing. On my &quot;bad hotel&quot; list of places to avoid.	
Nov 7 2006 	I loved this hotel	I stayed at this hotel on the recommendation of my employer who had also stayed here in September.I thought it was lovely and every single staff member that I spoke to made me fell like I was the only guest at the hotel.I was travelling alone and I didn't need to worry about any details, they took care of everything.I would certainly stay here again.I missed so much of my trip to New York because I keep falling asleep in the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.	
Nov 1 2006 	Poor Poor Poor!	I picked this hotel to celebrate my 30th birthday because the hotel website said it was newly renovated (the hotel staff said 2005). We noticed the carpet had stains near the elevators. When we got to the room, it was even worse. It looked as though the new, cheap wallpaper was on top of the old, probably cheap wallpaper. The IKEA furniture was already chipped. Some of the bulbs in the IKEA lamps were not working. The bathroom tile had mildew. The bathroom ceiling was peeling. The bathroom vanity was probably also from IKEA and was not custom fitted (pipes were sticking out of the sides). We asked for another room and were &quot;upgraded&quot; to an &quot;executive room&quot; with a king bed instead of a full. This room did not have the peeling bathroom ceiling but everything else was the same, including the already chipped IKEA furniture and the mildew on the bathroom tile. I grew up in New York City and now live 45 minutes away. I booked this hotel hoping to have a special evening. I was very, very disappointed. There are so many hotels in New York to pick from. Do not pick this one.	
Oct 30 2006 	Not So Nice	Room smallish which was expected. Was also very warm upon entry - tried A/C for cooling but couldn't get it to work (turned off late October?). Wallpaper peeling in both bathroom and sleeping area. Carpet stained. Location of room was on 4th floor facing corner of 51st and Lexington. At 4am the parking garage across the street starts moving cars via their elevator and all sleeping stops. Very, very noisy. If you don't require rest and are impartial to peeling walls and crappy workmanship, this place will do ya.	
Oct 24 2006 	Very Dissapointed	My initial reaction was &quot;Wow...what a tiny room!&quot; Then I noticed the wall paper that was separating from the wall. Not a pleasant site. When I saw the bathroom, I almost threw up! the ceiling had a lot of water damage and it looked like it would cave in any moment. The bathroom was also very tiny! I would not stay there again, nor would I recommend this hotel to ANYONE. What a great dissappointment considering I've always stayed at Doubletree.	
Oct 13 2006 	Modern Hotel Great Decor Great Bedding!	Booked through there own website, and was very impressed.I have stayed in some very poor hotels in NY, but this was very nice. Modern funky decor, in the rooms and the lobby (some hotels only spend money on the lobby!).Room was standard NYC size (i.e small), but was decent. Clean, and no problems.MUST comment on the bed, it was the most comfortable EVER! They sell the bedding downstairs, and I know why, it is so soft and lovely!Also, wired internet is available in the room at a charge, but what isn't advertised is that there is wireless internet available in the lobby, you need to get the passcode from the check in staff each day.Finally, the concierge was great, and he really helped us with his suggestions, and gave us some good discount cards too!	
Oct 9 2006 	Excellent Hotel excellent Location!!!!!!!!!!	I stayed with my wife 5 nights on this hotel, and it was an excellent experience. The location is absolutely great. On the side of the hotel it´s the Metro Cafe where you can eat excellent salads (you choose the ingredients) at a good price and you can bring them to your room. There is a subway station just on the corner of 51 st with lexington and other on 53 st with lexington.Starbucks is just some seconds away.	
Oct 7 2006 	Keep looking...	Room type: King non-smoking. Received room on a higher floor (6th) far away from the elevator as requested. Reserved thru website and got best internet rate. 3 nights stay during 2nd weekend of September 2006.Pros: Excellent midtown location, within a block of subway station, and several food options nearby. Super comfy bed and the cookie was a nice touch. A/C worked well for unseasonably warm late summer. Friendly and efficient service from concierge and bellhop although the reception service was not so good. Cons: Although the décor looked as if it were updated recently, the carpet in the room &amp; especially in the hallways had seen better days and reeked of smoke. Had an interior facing room, which probably cut down on the street noise a bit, but unfortunately gave us a lovely view of the building next door’s broom closet.Didn’t try the restaurant as it seemed a bit expensive, but there was a very good deli next door and the W’s restaurant just a block away. Average size bedroom area, but very small bathroom. I’m a small person at 5’2” and 120lbs, but I could sit on the loo, wash my hands, use the towel rack and turn on the shower all at the same time. Impossible to do any of the prior mentioned while keeping the door open. No bathroom ventilation whatsoever, so even with the door wide open while bathing, the steam collected on the ceiling and condensed huge droplets even several hours later. The bathroom or shower curtain consistently smelled musty and even the paint /wallpaper was peeling from the excessive moisture. The in-room internet via television was circa 1992, I think. It would be faster &amp; more legible to check your emails from your phone. The keyboard failed so we called a tech who came immediately but who could not fix the problem even with a new keyboard. Charges for the in-room internet were credited, although we had to ask twice. The President and some very important foreign dignitaries were staying in hotel across the street which made getting a cab impossible due to the street closures and high security. The registration staff seemed familiar with the President’s security measures while visiting, but failed to warn us that we’d have trouble leaving/entering the area when asked about getting a cab later that day. When the time came to leave for our international flight, the bellhop was as helpful as he could be under the circumstances, but ultimately had to walk 6 blocks with luggage to finally find a car (for a heftier fee than regular taxis) to take us to the airport - very stressful. Unless they lower the cost to stay significantly, I can’t imagine why I’d return to this hotel. Especially when there are so may other options – the W one block away was only $75 more per night!	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Location Hotel just OK	The hotel is older and the room we stayed in needs to be updated. It resembled the picture somewhat but I expecting something a little nicer. The beds were very comfortable and the room was spacious enough. The location was fantastic. We walked everywhere except the Battery Park area, and for that we only had to jump on the subway right outside our door. I would stay here again if I got a really good deal, otherwise I would probably try something a little less worn. There is a Metro Cafe right next door that has great food, is open early and late, and is very reasonable. I definitely recommend eating there.	
Sep 22 2006 	Great Location Clean Rooms	While the Doubletree Metropolitan has a fairly generic chain-hotel feel, it is very centrally located for a tourist trip to New York. I was there on business in midtown and it was great to be able to walk everywhere. You have the 6 train 51st St stop right next to the hotel, and Grand Central station not too far. The Plaza, FAO Schwartz and fancy stores on Fifth Avenue are close by. I will say that the EXACT area the hotel is in is rather bland and business-y. If you want a real &quot;New York&quot; atmosphere, Lexington Avenue in the 50s is not what I'd recommend. Maybe try Times Square, 5th Avenue, Union Square, Upper West Side or SoHo.I stayed on the 12th floor (room 1224), which had lots of natural light and was not noisy at all. The rooms seem to be organized with evens on one side and odds on the other, so I would recommend booking an even-numbered room. The people in the room next to mine were watching TV pretty loudly (I heard it when I was in the hallway), but the sound did not come through the wall.The room was clean, with a comfy king bed, GREAT velvet chaise lounge and smallish flat screen TV. The bathroom had Nutregena products and was VERY clean. Great mirror over the sink (the sink is in a little alcove outside of the bathroom).My only complaint: There is only free wireless internet in the downstairs lobby and bar. You can buy it in your room, but I ended up just going downstairs and sitting in the lobby. The bar seemed kind of weird, with a sort of airport/chain feeling even though it gets pretty crowded at night.	
Sep 21 2006 	Really bad	What a disappointment! I booked the hotel because of its location. The price USD 200+ was not very good for a Doubletree - I could have got to a W for the same price.My room was a catastrophy: there was weird smell in the room, the airconditioning did not work, the traffic noise from the street was way too loud, the walls are of paper - I overheard the arguments in the next room -, and the bathroom was old and paint was getting off the walls. In the morning, pleased that I had only one night, I was going to have breakfast. The breakfast room was so crowded, and hot that I could not eat there but had to find another place.Never again.	
Sep 19 2006	very nice-would stay again	very nice stay, the staff was very friendly, rooms clean, bed was very comfortable.. this hotel is within walking distance of a lot of places. would definately stay again.	
Sep 17 2006	Glad I picked this hotel	I was very pleased with the Doubletree Metropolitan when I stayed in NYC. This is a very nice place. The decor is fun! Also, this is an ideal location. The beds are very comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone. The staff is friendly. The facility is clean. I am not a very good traveler moslty because I am not fond of hotels in general but I am glad I picked this place.	
Sep 16 2006 	Great hotel...	What a great hotel. Location was central to all the major Manhatten attractions. Check in and concierge were helpful and professional. We contacted the front desk once, due to a faulty air-conditionner unit - this issue was resolved within 30 mins.Our room was on the 16th floor and was a good size (for New York!), modern and clean. We were situated over the back of the hotel, overlooking a ?police/fire precinct! Thought this could be noisy (sirens etc!) but this was not the case....Bed was v.v.v. comfy and shower was warm and refreshing. Did not use bar/restaurant at all (so many over good places to explore in the city)....	
