	Charged over 108 USD for a phone call!	Unfortunately i had a relative pass away and urgently needed to use the phone to call home. I did - there was no information or due warning regarding the potential extortion price of one phone call. One 12 minute call and i could have stayed in a better hotel for night.When i asked to speak to the manager he was no avaliable and would not be avaliable tomorrow either. I walked out upset with yet another crampy hotel service.The way i was spoken to was a joke, i walked out and vowed to write a review to inform everybody else of my wrong doing... i should have brought a phone card, but at a urgent matter arose i thought best to deal with the situation at hand.I would tell this manager, you cant charge this price, without due information avaliable on hand, as was the price listed in all the other US hotels, i stayed in..	
Nov 22 2009 	Why spend more?	If you're going to New York City and want to spend money to see the sights (rather than your hotel room) Hotel 31 is the perfect answer. Yes, the room was a bit small, but it was clean, quiet, had a tv, safe, and sink. The bathroom was just down the hall, was very clean, and always available. The location is hard to beat - the Empire State Building is about 8 blocks away, the subway 2 blocks away, and some good, moderately priced restaurants nearby. The staff was helpful. I will definitely stay there when I visit New York again, which will hopefully be soon.	
Nov 22 2009 	Very clean and nice.	I just stayed in Hotel 31 for three nights. I had a comfy room with nice beds and a bathroom in the hallway wich was never busy. From my window I saw a typical NY backyard, but that was ok and charming, especially since i also had a perfect wiev of Empire State Building.The location is great, the room was very clean, the bathroom too. The bed was made every day, clean towels etc.I will most certainly recommend this hotel to people who come to NY to see the city, great value for the money.The pizzeria at the corner of 31st and Lexington had great beer and pizza and nice atmosphere, only two minutes from the entrance of the hotel.I'll be back.(Fun fact: I also stayed at Millenium hotel in Times sq. during my week in NY, but that &quot;nice&quot; hotel was not as clean as Hotel 31!)	
Nov 6 2009 	In need of refurb	The gentleman who checked me in was very helpful and had a great knowledge of the surrounding area. The room, however, was dated with a hard bed. The bathroom was nothing special. This place needs a serious refurb. I would recommend it to couples who wanna save money and have a little privacy.	
Nov 1 2009 	Terrible bed contaminated with ticks	Dear potential guests of Hotel 31, on East 31st Street between Park Avenue And Lexington, I hope this comment and photo evidence help you make the best hotel choice.There I was searching on the web, for affordable hotels two week before my trip to New York. Hotel 31 on East 31st Street, between Lexington and Park Avenue often appeared as a choice. It seemed perfect. This hotel is in a pleasant neighborhood and close to my customers. I was to stay in NY, for one week and luckily I was able to get a room for four nights--the weekend was booked. Room 711 on the 7th floor with shared bathrooms, a small bedroom with a queen sized bed and a beige sink to the left side, with window view to the Chrysler building. Not bad I thought. New York excites me; it gives me lots of energy when I am there. My first two days were very productive and by the end of the day I was eager to return to Hotel 31 to rest. However from the 3rd night on my nightly rest became torture, some agonizing itching forced me to wake up several times through the night. Something was biting me… at first I thought—mosquitoes! I turn the light on, looked around, closed the window and went back to bed. But then again the next night a few hours after getting in bed, this awful feeling would wake me up tormenting me. This time the window had stayed closed, so I decided to do a thorough inspection of the room. I turned pillows in-side-out, turned covers and sheets off the bed, I was enraged, and it became such an obsession to find out what was keeping me from sleeping that I even turned the mattress to the side. And to my surprise I was able to trace little droppings of what appear to be blood… bringing me to a little insect hidden on the corner of the wood bed frame. I trapped this little insect with a paper napkin and squeezed it, blood oozed all over the napkin. I was afraid and disgusted. My body had huge swollen red spots every place I got bitten. The swelling and pain lasted more than a week. The very same morning I took photos of the bed and this (bed insect, tick, parasite or whatever it was) and went straight to the front desk. When I show the evidence to the person in charged, immediately took the insect, and in an alarmed manner told me…he would have to switch me from room, because they had to fumigate room 711on the 7th floor. But I am not sure if fumigation was actually done, I did not witness any moving or sign posting--otherwise the whole building would have been emptied. Nevertheless, I am still scratching to death traumatized from these nasty bites, and feeling afraid of having brought some of these insects home. Moreover, even though I extended my stay and pay the full price for the weekend no excuses were presented by Hotel 31 on East 31st Street. I am a guest that will never come back. Next time I rather sleep on a new mattress Hotel 31.	
Oct 29 2009 	WOW We will be back!!!	We loved the Hotel! The staff and location were excellent and it was really clean!!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	We will be back!!!	Clean and cozy. Close to everything. And you cannot beat the price. Cheers.	
Oct 18 2009 	Perfect NYC Hotel	We were only spending one night in NYC and we didn't want to pay an outrageous amount of money. Hotel 31 was the prefect solution. If you're looking for a budget hotel then Hotel 31 is it. It's clean, the staff is friendly and the location is excellent. We selected a room with a shared bathroom. I figured for one night I could manage it. It really wasn't bad at all. The bathroom was clean and I never had any problem getting in. It was always available. The staff was also really friendly and willing to help in any way they could.	
Oct 18 2009 	Basic but central	Fine as a base for exploring NY and not wanting to pay too much - although every hotel room in NY is very expensive! Rooms were clean and shared bathrooms no problem - always clean and usually empty. Reception staff very helpful.	
Oct 9 2009 	Cannot Beat this Location for the Price!	We were pleasantly surprised with the location of this hotel, and were relatively happy with its appearance. When travelling to NYC, this is a great place if you plan on being out and about most of the day and night and just want a decent place to sleep at night. We had a private bath, but the shower was truly just a trickle of water.....not worth the extra. The shared baths in the hallways looked fine to use.	
Oct 8 2009 	The hotel staff were helpful hotel room was clean.	I thought the hotel was located in a great location.To get to the subway station,if you go to the left as you exit the hotel to the next corner, turn to the right and there is the subway station. We had a shared bath and in 5 days there were only two occasions that the closest one was occupied. I went to the other bathroom on our floor and it was available. There is a sink in the room to brush your teeth and was your face before bed. The elevator is small and takes a long time, but we believe in exercise so we took the stairs as we left and came back so late in the day the elevator was usually not occupied!! Loved NY City!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good value and great location	The hotel was in a great location, right by 33rd st metro station. One stop away from Grand Central station. The rooms were a decent size and the ensuite bathroom was nice and clean. The price ($200 per night between 4 of us) was fine. Downside was that the hallways absolutely stank of smoke, which was pretty grim in the morning. And the shared bathrooms had no soap or hand towels which is pretty gross.	
Oct 6 2009 	Clean comfortable and safe	The room was clean, comfortable and very adequate for a budget rate. The shared bathroom was always available and very clean, and the building had an old style charm to it. The east midtown location is ideal for traveling to the other Manhattan spots and the #6 subway is but a few blocks away. Only negatives might be the poor indirect lighting in the room.	
Sep 22 2009 	Adequate clean budget hotel	Myself and 3 friends stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over Labor Day weekend in '09. We were in town for the US Open and wanted a place to stay that had good subway connections, good location, and was comfortable to stay in as we were not there during the day. Hotel 31 was all of the above. When we got there the owner told us he had only one room with a shared bath available instead of two. He promptly gave us another room with a private bath for the same price. He told us we would have to move the next day when the cheaper room became available. When we returned after a long day of watching tennis he said we could stay in the same room for no extra charge. The rooms were very clean as were the shared baths on the hall. The location is right next to the Empire State building and one block from the subway. Also, Times Square is only a short walk. There is a great Italian restaurant right down the street on the corner I would highly recommend for pizza and lasagna. The only thing we could never figure out was the TV statons which seemed to be completely different in the two rooms. I would definately recommend Hotel 31 based on its value and location.	
Sep 22 2009 	Can't beat $99 in NYC	An interesting budget hotel with a retro feel. The queen room with shared bath that we had reserved was unavailable at our late check-in, so they moved us to a double bed with private bath. At $99 a night in Manhattan, all I ask is that a hotel be clean and safe and in a relatively convenient location. And the hotel met all conditions. It has an interesting feel with the old-fashioned elevators, high ceilings and wood mouldings. Linens are inexpensive; wallpaper is peeling in places, etc., but I was pleased to have regular hotel room amenities including hygiene products, hairdryer, coffee maker, etc.. Again, my expectations were low at a rate of $99.We got a particularly good rate on this visit and I might try another place if the price differential were less in Hotel 31's favor, but I would also stay here again. I used the shared bathrooms on the main floor (before we checked in) and my only complaint is that there is no soap or hand towels in the shared bathrooms for washing one's hands. While they provide this in the room, it would be nice to have some wall-mounted hand washing amenities so that you don't have to carry it back and forth (or go without if you are just using the main floor bathroom).	
Sep 20 2009 	Perfect for students on a budget not wanting hostels!	I've just returned from a ten day stay at Hotel 31. I had a two bed twin room with a view of the Empire State Building, which is mere blocks away. Our bedrooms were small, but immaculate and the bed was suprisingly firm and comfortable! I normally find hotel beds impossible to sleep in, but for a budget hotel I was incredibly suprised. We had aircon, though noisy, you won't notice it as you'll be so tired from your days out in NYC you'll drop off to sleep quite easily!We had a television, sink, mirrors, good lighting, blind, desk, and storage in our room. The shared bathroom was better than expected! Perfectly clean, and a choice of two! A bit of a fiddle to figure out how to use the shower, but it was always strong and powerful! We were also in walking distance of almost everything! We quite happily walked down to Soho and back, and up to Central Park and back, perhaps not for everyone, but walking around is the best way to see New York. We ate breakfast every morning at the cafe on the corner of Park Ave and 31st Street, and were always welcomed with open arms there by the lovely staff. There's also a charming restuarant next door to the hotel, serving delicious pastas and pizzas! **I couldn't fault Hotel 31, espeically at it's price and it's fantastic location. I've stayed up near Times Square before, I'm a city girl, but the noise was too much at times. The Gramercy Park/Murray Hill area was perfect, full of bars and restaurants. The subway was just around the corner, and taxis always stopped for me.	
Sep 13 2009 	Definately worth recommending !	This place is within walking distance to 5th Ave, Times Square etc. It was perfectly clean, well kept, bedroom was fairly small but definately big enough for us to sleep in and have all our stuff sprawled around - perfectly funcational. Room was cleaned every day, new towels etc. TV, radio, air con, toiletries, hairdryer provided. We discovered towards the end of the stay that they have a supply of ice down on the ground floor for those hot summer days aswell ! It was so nice and quiet - not what I'd have expected from a midtown hotel - we even had a view of the Empire State building from the bathroom ! Don't expect to have long baths though - bath was very small, but didn't matter for us. We stayed 7 nights and had no probs at all. Good value for money	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value on a budget. Charming and overwhelmingly adequate.	Looking to save some money on a weekend trip with a friend, we booked a two-twin room with shared bath. For the traveler who spends minimal time in the hotel and doesn't require all the amenities, this was a steal. The shared baths were incredibly clean, and always available. Only issue was that hot water was low on supply after 10AM. Room was adequate, with a good (though loud) air conditioner. I might recommend packing your own pillow-case, as the inevitable city hotel odors and allergens might interfere with an otherwise great sleep.Great location, close to subway and restaurants, walkable to Village or Midtown. Highly recommended for a quaint NYC experience.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great little budget offering in a good NYC spot.	Like many previous reviewers, can't really fault this place. Booked as a way of allowing ourselves a bit more to spend when out and about in NYC, no bad thing given the myriad opportunities there are to part with your dollars in the City! Clean and comfortable room, with old noisy, but working air-con unit. Very helpful staff, and spotlessly clean shared bathrooms, which was our main concern before visit. If you can live without luxury without wanting to rough it, I think its a great choice and a great location in a great City!	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Little Hotel-Great Location!	We stayed here for a few nights last year arriving on Thanksgiving Day. The hotel is very traditional New York style. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful upon arrival. The room was old fashioned with all different coloured wall paper and furnishings but very charming and comfortable. We had a problem with our heating as the (antique!) radiator was leaking and was either boiling or cold and hot steam was coming out of it, the maintenance man soon dealt with it for us. Although the bathrooms were shared I never once saw another person using the one closest to our room, it was always free and always immaculate and clean. The best thing about the hotel is the price considering the fantastic location. It is extremely close to the empire state building and lots of shops (perfect for the black Friday madness!) and plenty of restaurants.	
Aug 25 2009 	Hotel 31 was OK but the cab driver they arranged :/	I generally enjoyed my stay in Hotel 31. It was very close to the Empire States and there was a subway station nearby and I saw many Japanese restaurants around. Actually it is not that important, because you're at the heart of Manhattan, you can go wherever you want very easily either by walk or by metro.The rooms were OK, but very small. I had a lot of bags and stuff, maybe that was the reason I found the rooms small. We didn't have a bathroom inside the room. But there are 2 shared bathrooms in our corridor and every time I found one available. In the rooms, there were a TV, sink, mirror, towels, air conditioner-which is noisy and pretty old-, bedside tables and a chair etc. I didn't see any roaches or bugs. Everything was clean and proper. Bathrooms were also clean. The general atmosphere was very nice. The hotel has a cinematographic and film noir style look which I liked very much.The only thing that I can complain about was the cab driver the receptionist arranged for me to go to JFK airport. It was not a usual yellow cab. The driver asked me more than we spoke with the receptionist. Actually the price that the receptionist asked was already higher than the yellow cabs and at the end we paid extra extra more than the normal price.I was treated as a tourist in a bad way which bothered me of course. I really didn't like it. For the next time in NYC, Hotel 31 won't be at the top of my list only because of this.If you stay at this hotel, and need a cab, make sure how much you pay both with the receptionist and the driver.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great clean and close to Times Square!	This hotel is a bargin, we loved it! The rooms aren't too small, we have stayed it alot smaller. The room was clean and the shared bathroom was not a problem at all, they clean it alot during the day and night, always felt very clean and never had to wait to use it. We wanted to stay longer but they were booked out! Only downside would be not internet and there was not natural light in our room so felt like night all the time.	
Aug 18 2009 	Best budget hotel in New York	I went to New York over Christmas on a budget and did a lot of research on budget hotels around central New York. There seemed a lack of decent budget hotels in a good location; however, Hotel 31 seemed the best of the bunch.My expectation were very low, however, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw our room. I was a decent size for NY, where rooms are really small. The room I stayed in had a comfortable double bed, desk, wardrobe, drawers, sink and mirror and still had plenty of room to walk around in. Perfect. The rooms were a bit dated, but to be honest it was in a good way - as in it added to the personality of the hotel - it was like being in 60/70's New York - again in a good way! =] . The rooms were very clean.As a buget hotel it had shared toilets and showers which I was a little worried about. I shouldn't have been as these were checked and cleaned constantly and were always spotless.The hotel is also in a fantastic location and is a brilliant central spot to see all the sights.The hotel is a no frills hotel, a budget hotel, but it has a lot of charm and is an excellent choice for those on a tight budget.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent hotel very clean staff helpful!	Anyone who moans about this hotel, pay extra and get ripped off somewhere else!! We arrived at this hotel with mixed reviews but from start to finish we received nothing but a friendly service and the cleanest rooms and bathrooms ever. Can't wait to go back and would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 24 2009 	Basic simple but efficent	If you don't want to spend alot on accomodations and your looking a for a decent, clean, very basic, place to sleep then I would recommend this hotel. My cousin and I stayed in a room with a double bed and a shared bathroom. They kept the place very clean, I thought the shared bathroom might be a problem, but whenever I tried to use it, it was always free and very clean. Great location; walking distance to Grand Central and Time Square, one block away from the #6 subway line. All in all, I was very satisified.	
Jul 22 2009	Clean with great location	Hotel 31 has a great location for its price. The room and bathroom were truly clean and the housekeeping staff very polite. Our room was very small but we could manage. The only &quot;under average&quot; is due to lack of service at Reception: the personnel did not know the surroundings of the hotel at all, or what's happening. Otherwise they were very friendly, nothing to complain about it. Just to let you know: there is a very good cafe/diner with internet connection some 3 blocks to the west along 31st Street and then turn to the right on Madison Avenue; enclosed a photo.	
Jul 20 2009 	nothing is for free you get what you have paid for	Consno wireless, dark rooms, the slowest lift in the world... 8 floors in 5 minutes... frustrating in the rush tourist hoursProsthe location is good and the hotel is cheap and clean, that's all folks :)You think someone is ready to give anything for free? You are in Manhattan baby.... I would suggest to spend some more dollars and get a better hotel but, if you can't... this is affordable.Ciao	
Jul 18 2009 	Unique	I cant imagine I could ever have a more memorable week in a hotel. Indeed it is clean , small and no waits for shared bathrooms. Our bed was small and hard and the sheet so thread bare you could see the navy blue and flowered pattern of the mattress through it. However!!!! NYC is the best city in the world..... and Hotel 31 only added to the memorable time we had in the big apple. We had a basin in our room, a tv we watched the historic welcoming of a new president. Best pizza (and Upper Crust in Boston) on the corner!!! Madison Square Garden on the same road. Check out 'Apple Greeters' to on the things to do list. Get a local to show you the real NYC.	
Jul 13 2009 	Price can not be beaten pretty good hotel too	Stayed for 2 nights, shared bathroom (x2 on our floor) was always clean and always one was free. Price is great, location in mid town is good as well.No bed bugs, no complaints at all. Plenty of places to eat nearby from cheap (dunkin donuts etc) to some nicer places.	
Jun 22 2009 	Good value mid	If you are after a good value mid-range hotel that has just the key essentials but is well located in manhattan, then this is a good option. Not the best option for an extended stay in real comfort but well suited to a few days of touring NY. Our room was small but always very clean and included the key essentials. Shared bathroom down the hallway was also very clean and almost never busy. Good eating options nearby including japanese &amp; cheap pizza place immediately adjacent, plus plenty of other good options within 500 metres. Subway 2 blocks away and Empire State Building within a few blocks and partial views of it from our room. Staff were always helpful and responsive with our needs. Would stay here again without hesitation.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great value for Manhattan	Stayed there three times already because there is no other hotel with this combination of location and value for the money. Rooms are small, but functional (bed, chair, sink, TV, small desk/drawer, no real closet). Shared baths are cleaned several times a day. Subway station is one block away. Grocery, restaurants close by on Lexington Ave.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great value for Manhattan	I was very worried about staying here and almost rebooked due to the stories of bed bugs. I was very pleasantly surprised by the stay. The hotel is very small and I think that as Americans we have become accustomed to sprawling hotels with many areas to relax an so forth. This is a very old building and built for a purpose - to sleep; therefore, the lobby is very tiny and so is the elevator. There are no frills what so ever, but it was not a problem with me.  I personally would rather spend my money on dinner, shows or shopping than pay for over priced hotels in the same area. The location is great. 11 short blocks from Grand Central Station and about 1 1/2 blocks to the nearest Subway station. Not sure how many blocks away it is but, from one of the bathroom windows, you could see the Empire State Building. It was illuminated in yellow, blue and green on our visit. There is a great little Sushi restaurant right next door plus a pizza restaurant on the other side with outdoor dining. The wrapped around the corner is a nice little Italian restaurant and a BBQ place across the street (Lexington Ave). One block up is 3rd Ave and we saw several bars/pubs, restaurants.  The bathrooms are very tiny and our room was too but I think the sizes vary. Everything was clean and did not have to wait for the bathrooms. I'm happy to report NO bedbugs. However; I did find a large cockroach in the bathtub one night but I've seen cockroaches at expensive hotels before too. ADVICE: I would recommend bringing your own towels as they give you two and are very thin. Also, they only give you 2 pillows for a queen bed so if you like to hug a pillow at night, you might want to bring your own. I never called down but they may have supplied us with one.  Also, they offer a car service to the hotel for $55 USD but it only cost $25 USD to LaGuardia at 5:30 Sunday morning. Could be as much ast $30 with more traffic. Never a problem catching a cab out front of hotel either-not even at 5:00 in the morning.  If you don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a namebrand over-priced hotel and don't care about the amenities, book this hotel. It was a great pleasure to find this place. I cannot wait to go back to NY and I will definitely stay here again. For $93 USD a night, you just cannot beat it.  If you have any questions, I would be happy to help. Just send me an email.	
Jun 9 2009 	Would stay again! Perfect!	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel. When we came into the room, we were happy about it. Because of the bed bug stories, I fist checked the matrass for any signs, luckily there were none. The shared bathrooms were always very clean and we never had to stand in line. The location is also perfect. I would choose this hotel again for my next stay in manhattan!The only complaint comes from my boyfriend: the tv channels were sometimes badly received. But if that's the only thing... you're not watching tv when you are in Manhattan!Also the employees were very friendly and helpful.Have fun in Manhattan!Sandy and Rens	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent budget hotel.	We spent 5 nights here and were a little worried what we would get. We had opted for shared bathroom to save some money. We were pleasantly surprised by the room. Not as small as we had expected in fact the one we had was quite spacious. The shared bathroom was spotlessly clean and was always available when we wanted it. Hotel location excellent , walked everywhere. Will stay here next time we are in NYC.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great hotel for the money	When i booked this hotel, i did not expect a lot, it was realy cheap 119 cnd per night. I was realy supprised. The room was super clean and so was the shared w.c. For sure the elevator was realy small, you feeled a bit squezed in the small corridor and it's in desparate need for a major decorating investment but, who realy cares? The location is great and we were able to bring our lugages early in the morning and i left them there late at night the day we were leaving. (no extra fees)so if you are looking for something pratical, close to everything and clean, don't hesitate.	
May 30 2009 	Disappointing	Location was great, but service was not. Asked for a wake up call, which never arrived and caused me to miss my bus to Boston. Hallways felt cramped and how can a hotel in New York City not carry CNBC on their televisions?	
May 27 2009 	Good location.. that´s about it..	I stayed here for 4 nights and my first impression was good. A clean hotel and good location. We booked a double room with shared bathroom and there were two bathrooms in the hallway. Bathrooms were clean and got cleaned every day. The room was ok size, with a TV, Air con and sink. The room felt very old but ok for a budget hotel. On the second day I saw a cockroach in the first bathroom and got really disgusted, and after that they seemed to pop up everywhere - I even found a huge one in the bed!!Overall if it wasnt for the cockroaches I would say this hotel is ok, if you are on a budget. But I would never stay here again.	
May 26 2009	Bedbugs and terrible customer service	My mother and I stayed at Hotel 31 for 3 nights in late April 2009. We are easygoing travellers who often stay at hostels or other basic accommodations - we're aware of the high cost of hotels in NYC, and were expecting nothing more than clean and reasonably maintained accommodations. After the first night, however, we decided we had to request a new room because of the peeling wallpaper, bent venetian blinds, dirty-feeling carpet, and poor lighting. We were moved to a new room the next night. This room was in somewhat better repair, although still quite dingy, and we were ok with it. However, when my mom woke up the next morning she had, much to our disgust, been bitten by a bedbug - there was blood on her nightie and a bite on her skin. I actually managed to capture the engorged bedbug that was crawling on her sheets and stick it to a post-it note, which I gave to the hotel manager the next morning. (It was definitely a bedbug - I have researched the subject for my work as a poverty lawyer in Vancouver.) The manager took the sample bug and said he would get an exterminator in right away and move us to yet another room. He also said that it was important to deal with this because he didn't want it getting on the internet. We were then moved to a very nicely renovated and decorated room on a different floor, totally different in character from either of the two other rooms, which had been quite dark and dingy with poor lighting. However, in this room the telephone was not working - I checked at the front desk and they confirmed that yes, the phone was broken and there was nothing they could/would do about it. Their solution was to give my mother the keys to our original room 4 floors up (the one with broken blinds and peeling wallpaper) so that she could use the phone to call home. The day before we checked out, we indicated we were unhappy with our experience and wanted to speak to a manager before paying our bill. No manager was present during the last 24 hours of our stay and no-one we spoke to seemed to show any concern about the various problems we had been having. So when we checked out we didn't sign for the bill and asked that they not charge our credit card until a manager had called us. We even left a note indicating they were not authorized to charge the card until they had called us, and giving our phone number. Foolishly we did not block the credit card, and it was charged anyway and no-one ever called us! Apart from the risk of being exposed to bedbugs, this is shocking business practice and I would discourage anyone from giving this hotel their custom.	
May 22 2009 	Bed Bugs and Management Without a Clue about Customer Service	We spent three nights in this hotel, in a different room each night, because .... first night room was not, as advertised, recently renovated (see IrishMike's review); second night, bed bugs bit me ----- we took one blood-filled, squashed bug to the front desk, who called in fumigators; third night, the room's phone didn't work &amp; we were told there were plenty of phone booths around the corner. Could we get the managers to talk reasonably about this? No way. I called them from when I returned, but couldn't get anyone to return my calls. It was as if they were the angry customers, out of control, verbally abusive, denying there were bed bugs, and deaf to their customers' reasonable request for some adjustment to the bill. I've never heard anyone in the service/hospitality business speak so rudely to customers. They haven't a clue about customer service.	
May 11 2009 	Great value for your money!	Great location and service in this hotel. The rooms are small, but they are clean. Just a block away from the Chrysler Building, and you can also see the Empire State Building from your window! I would recommend this hotel to backpackers, young couples, singles and people who generally want value for money!	
Apr 13 2009 	central cheap clean and safe what more do you want!!!	great hotel!!we checked in on 4th April with no problems we booked via hostel bookers for $880 for four nights two rooms for a family of six,one on suite one shared bathroom, I was waiting for a problem because it was so cheap but it was wonderful! My husband is a wheelchair user and they kindly stored the wheelchair for us every night to save taking it to our room the staff were friendly ,we have stayed at an upper class place in the city and the doormen had their hand out for tips every time we went in our out so it was nice not having to pay tips constantly.There is so much in walking distance Empire state,times square,top of the rock Macys I could go on and on! I also loved the cafe on the corner called Guy and Gallard they did a great cheap breakfast the kids loved Wendys for massive burgers . Our room was spacious with a clean bathroom safe and a coffee machine and lcd tv also a great view ,my sons room was a small room but it was clean and the bathroom was right next door. When I go back to the wonderful city of New York I will look at hotel 31 again	
Mar 23 2009 	Cracking Value for Manhattan	My girlfriend and I stayed in Hotel 31 for seven nights in March 2009 during a week-long holiday in New York. When searching for accommodation we were looking for something at a good price and preferably in a good location. We looked at hostels initially but then found this hotel at a great price (£60 a night for a double room) and in an amazing location on E31st, just three blocks from the Empire State Building and a block and a half from a subway stop on the green line. On arrival we checked in immediately and found our room to be a reasonable size, with a double bed, wardrobe, sink, hairdryer and couple of bedside units. The room had a dated feel to it, with lots of dark wood and old-fashioned wallpaper, but it was very clean (and to be honest we didn't mind the decor in the slightest - it added to the experience). There was a large single window in the room, overlooking a narrow alleyway and a brick wall, but you don't go to New York to look out the window!Bathroom facilities were shared, down the hall, but were immaculately clean. During the week we never had to wait to use them once. The room was also very quiet, and although we were aware of other people on the floor there was hardly any room noise from adjoining rooms or the hallway. Location, as noted above, was great. We were easy walking distance to the Empire State Building and no distance at all from a subway stop. The area around the hotel had plenty of restaurants (try 2nd Avenue Deli on E33rd), convenience stores, a post office, ATMs and internet cafes. There's also a great diner (the Murray Hill diner) a few blocks away that does a breakfast menu at a good price. All in all, the hotel is an absolute bargain, given the location. However, for the avoidance of any doubt, it is worth saying that if you are used to staying in major hotel chains then this will not meet your expectations. On the other hand, if you are used to hostels and small hotels in big cities, or if you just want a safe, clean place to sleep while in New York without paying the earth for it, then you could do a lot worse than Hotel 31. I would stay here again and I would recommend this place to anyone.	
Mar 13 2009	great location	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in february. Excellent place. Ok i agree the wallpapers were old and didnt match the bedcovers bue who cares???Had a really good stay except it was a bit cold coz there was like 1cm freezing air coming in between the AC and the window...got a cold but appart from that, great value	
Mar 9 2009 	Location and price	Stayed at Hotel 31 for three nights recently, room and bathroom though not modern decor were spotless, front desk extremely helpful, it's location is fantastic and after a long day at the attractions and shops it was great to pop to the little italian on the corner or the chinese next door. I would certainly stay here again, ours was room 515 and it was spacious with a double and single bed, coffee machine, tv and hair dryer	
Mar 2 2009	Great price great location	I affectionally call this place the &quot;Funkytown Hotel.&quot; It's OLD, not updated at all. There was a little peeling wallpaper in my room, and except for a few rooms, the bathroom is down the hall. That said, it's economical, safe, quiet and clean. That's a hard combination to find in NYC. There's no internet connection, and the TV (and the room) is small, but it's a block and a half from the subway. At 31st and Lexington the location is great, and you can spend that extra money on NYC itself. If you're going to socialize in your room this isn't the place for you, but it's great if all you need is a safe bed to sleep in.	
Feb 24 2009 	The best start	We loved Hotel 31! It's a not too expensive hotel in the expensive part of Manhattan. We started our honeymoon through the USA at this hotel. Hotel 31 is clean, quiet, the shared bathroom was very clean., staff is very nice and helpfull. And you even have a hairdryer and stuff in your room!!! a 2 minute walk to the subway, Starbucks around the corner, as well as other places to eat or drink. O yeah, defenitely will come back here!	
Feb 20 2009 	You get what you pay for - and then some	We booked two rooms with shared bathrooms for three nights starting February 13, 2009. We arrived very early in the morning and thankfully our rooms were ready for us. The front desk clerk was very helpful and answered all of our questions before handing us our keys. Based on the price I was paying for each room ($74 a night CAN plus taxes) my expectations were low even though most of the reviews I read on this forum had been positive. Both rooms were clean and the bathroom was right next door. I was concerned that the bathroom traffic would keep us awake, but it was not an issue. Each room had a sink which is what you often receive when travelling in Britain. Both rooms had a very small television and one room had a small safe. The view from both rooms was non-existent – a brick wall and a very, very narrow alley.Unfortunately, both rooms were overheated. When we asked if it was possible to lower the temperature we were told to open our windows and the heat would turn off. Not an ideal or efficient solution, but it worked and we were able to have a good night’s rest. The bed was a reasonable size and was comfortable and the linens were changed every day. The bathrooms were clean and we did not have to wait. One afternoon someone made an absolute mess of the bathroom (don’t ask, it was horrible). The dirty bathroom was not the fault of the hotel but an unthoughtful fellow traveler. I reported this to the front desk and they promptly cleaned the bathroom and it remained clean for the rest of our stay. I did have to wait 15 minutes for hot water one morning, but this was not a hardship and did not recur for the duration of our stay.During our stay we received excellent service and found the hotel to be clean, quiet, and centrally located. After checking out, we were allowed to store our luggage for a small fee for most of the afternoon – a nice bonus.Would I stay at Hotel 31 again? Definitely. You can’t beat the location or the price.	
Jan 19 2009 	Awful hotel	Stayed here in January 2009 for 4 nights and it was awful. The bedroom was small and hadn't been decorated in years. The walls had a number of holes in them. Light in the room was extremely dim and i could hardly read my guide book by its light. Also the air conditioning was completely broke. Walking into the room was honestly like walking into an oven. I know you appricate a warm room in january but the room was very small and the air was turned up to the max and couldn't be adjusted downwards. I slept with the window open every night and it was still uncomfortably warm. Air conditioning was also quite noisy making it difficult to sleep. Other minor problems included alarm clock not working so i didn't wake up on the first morning when i wanted to and very poor reception on the tv. Also some of the staff were quite surely and unfriendly. The biggest shock however came when i went to check out and was charged an extra $45 for making two international phone calls that lasted between 5 and 6 minutes each. Both calls were to a landline in ireland. I did expect a charge for these and foolishly never checked the cost with reception before ringing. But $45 really is just pure greed for less than 12 minutes on the phone. This hotel was honestly the worst of my life and i can not recommend it to anybody.	
Jan 3 2009 	Clean cheap and good location	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in december 2008. Rooms are very small and quite old-fashioned in terms of furniture and decoration, but the hotel is very cheap and is located very close to the ESB, within walking distance to Times Square and to most touristical spots. We had booked a room with private bathroom, which was very, very clean, included toiletries and had as much hot water as we wanted. The hotel is also only a street away from a subway station.The only problem I found regarding the room was the very noisy refrigeration system, but we were so tired at nights when we reached the hotel that it did not even bothered us.	
Jan 2 2009 	"Budget Hotel" brilliance - You'll find all that you need. Five stars.	I'm sitting at my computer thinking about this time last year - New York City January 2008 - woohoo!We had never been before. We were on a budget but had both dreamed of going to New York. We were worried about booking a &quot;budget hotel&quot; but it was a great price and great location.We had a nice welcome. The room was lovely albeit VERY hot with the Air Conditioning on constantly with no way of controlling it. We asked if it could be turned off at one point as it woke us both up. Instead however, we had to open the window during the night. It was freezing outside but boiling in the room but this method seemed to work.Its a no frills hotel but extremely clean and our room was made up each day. No complaints.It's three blocks from the Empire State Building which is literally a ten minute walk. I felt safe in this hotel and walking back to it in the evening.Just two blocks right is a Moonstruck diner. Lovely breakfast which filled us up for the day.I would strongly reccommend this hotel. Loved it. Would go and stay again anyday. New York was magical.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Budget hotel	I stayed here with friends in September and again in December with my boyfriend. Both times my rooms were incredibly clean and the staff was very friendly. In September, we had to check out well before we were due to leave, and the staff at Hotel 31 allowed us to leave our luggage with them and shower after a hot, sticky walk around Central Park. In December we booked through Expedia and was only able to get two twin beds for 3 nights and 1 double bed for two nights. When it came time to check in, the front desk gave us a room with one double bed for our whole stay. The shared bathrooms were always clean and had plenty of hot water in the showers. My only complaint is that our room was colder than we would have liked.	
Dec 31 2008 	Nice until we were bitten by bed bugs	we loved the hotel for the first few days. we had a nice view of the empire state building, the staff were friendly and constantly cleaning the shared bathrooms. we hadn't picked up that itchy rash like marks on our bodies were bed bugs until i had one crawl over my arm as i watched tv. we still had a night to stay. we told the front desk who moved us into another room and ordered pest control. we ended up with new bites from our new room. we told this to the front desk as we checked out and he said 'they must be in your clothes' um....yeah that's pretty obvious. so now we head home with bed bugs in our luggage, we'll have to have all the contents of our luggage (6 bags) dry cleaned before we enter our house. the front desk never offered an apology or took note that we were bitten in our second room so they obviously didn't care that more guests will probably be infected from that room. the rooms were 310 and 712 for your reference. we've learnt that it's virtually impossible to get rid of bed bugs and i noticed on this site that someone ran into them also last year when they stayed at this hotel. so just be warned that it's a possibility if you stay here.	
Dec 18 2008 	Cheap clean and good location!	There are hotels that charge less per night then Hotel 31 (I payed 95 per night), but they all seem to have problems with rude staff or bad room conditions...Hotel 31 successfully combines a low price with nice staff, clean and tidy rooms and very good location. My room was small and the view from the window was a brick wall but it didn't bother me (you don't go to NY to sit around in a hotel room anyway). The location is very good, a 5 minute walk from Empire State Building!	
Dec 16 2008 	Great hotel scrupiously clean	The hotel was ideally located for easy access to NY sites and amenities, slighly off the main thoroughfare which was a bonus!Hotel staff were amenable, attentive and friendly, we asked for a kettle/coffee maker, which was greatly received a few hours later!!Cleanliness was second to none....superb!! My only small critisim was the slighly shabby state of our first room, nothing that a touch of magnolia! and pictures wouldn't fix!!Deffinitely worth booking this affordable friendly hotel!!	
Dec 9 2008 	Good location	Stayed here last year on a christmas shopping trip, thought the hotel was fine and had know problems but the best thing this place has going for it is the cost is cheap for the location it's in....only a couple of blocks from the beginning of everything and anything Manhattan has to offer.Book this place for great value.	
Dec 8 2008 	Bad start but got better	Got off to the worst start imaginable!! Firstly, they had no record of us ever having booked a room (we had booked 9 months earlier and had booking confirmation printed in hand!) but after faffing about for an hour or so in the lobby that you couldn't swing a cat in, 4 of us, complete with baggage, they said that they could give us a room... The booking confirmation that we had was in Euro's and the guy on reception had no idea how to work out what the equivalent was in USD, and asked me what it was...so I had to get the current exchange rate from him and convert the EURO amount to USD MYSELF! I had booked the hotel on my mother's credit card, which they could not accept as I didn't have her ID with me, they also do not take visa debit cards, so we ended up paying in cash. Needless to say we asked for a written receipt, which took a further 15 minutes to do!! Funnily enough we didn't see this receptionist for the rest of our stay!After that, the only problems we had was that the room was very warm and the air conditioning seemed to just blow the hot air around the room. However, we only used the room to sleep and wash in, we were up and out early enough in the morning not to let that bother us too much. Everything else was fine.We had enough space to not feel clostrophobic (I'd heard that hotel rooms in NY were tiny) The beds were made each day, bins emptied etc.	
Dec 3 2008 	Perfect loaction!	There is not much to say about the location. It´s just perfect and near everything.The room was small but clean and nice. The shared toilet/bathroom was always clean and we did not feel like we were sharing at all.Go for it.	
Dec 1 2008 	Good value for a great location	We spent 3 nights at Hotel 31 with my girlfriend to visit New York.The location is great, next to the Empire State Building and close enough from Union Square.The room :+ clean+ TV+ heated+ small sink and mirrors+ the maids actually respect the &quot;no disturbing&quot; sign which is not always the case ;)- pretty small rooms- the heating system is pretty loud during night and it is hard to find the right temperatureThe very good surprise came from the shared bathroom which was ALWAYS very clean, both shower and toilets! No problems also concerning the water temperature.The staff was smilling and serving too!If you are looking for a nice location in New York, for a short stay, at a decent price, go for it! We were really afraid about the shared bathroom but this hotel proved us wrongA great value for a nice stay at a very decent price!	
Dec 1 2008 	clean and good for it's price	I have stayed in Hotel 31 for 10 days in november.I didn't have a problems with anything. We booked 1 double room with 1 bed, becouse it was only one possible variant on the hotel's site. When we arrived and asked for room with 2 single beds they give it to us.There are about 10 rooms on the floor and 2 bathrooms. Only 2 times I was waiting about 15 minutes for free bathroom. Rooms and bathrooms are very clean. They made our room every day. But rooms are realy small.Great location!p.s.: door for roof is open! :)	
Nov 21 2008 	good place	We, my husband, I and my parents (64 and 73) stayed in oktober for a week in the hotel. Yes it was very smal, but we knew that before and it was ok. The hotel was very clean. They made up the shared bathrooms several a day. Restaurants are within 5 minutes to walk, also the metro. We had a room in the 8th floor with view int the empire state building, great! And OK, the prices are high in new york, but we got a good place.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great base for touring New York	We stayed here for 4 nights in November 08. Yes, room was very small but for the amount of time we spent there, it didn't matter one bit. Room/Hotel is spotless. Room cleaned every evening we arrived back. Room had electronic safe, flat screen TV with cable &amp; air con. Reception very helpful. They kept our luggage after checking out as our flight wasn't until the evening. Also arranged a car to take us to Airport. Location good, very close to empire state and Macy's.	
Nov 14 2008 	For Manhatten this is a good value	If you want to compare this to the UK its overpriced and a bit down market, HOWEVER, after an extensive search for a good reasonably priced hotel we based our decision on the reviews of this site. Many many other hotels in this price range had terrible reviews and to say the least we were still a little nervous at what to expect. First impressions were the smell when you first walk in and on the landings, they didnt smell clean but were far from unsavoury. The rooms were very small, just enough room for a small double and some room to walk around. There is a sink and a little room to hang some stuff but predominantely if like us your there for 5 nights you will be living out your suitcase. To be honest though if your staying in Manahtten then its a sin to be staying in with so much to do and therefore your hotel is really just a place to store stuff and sleep. On this basis the beds were clean and made everyday with no sign of bed bugs or cockroaches. The water was always hot and the showers in the shared bathroom we equally as good as a power shower. The bathroom area in general was kept clean by all. At these prices your unlikely to find anything better and the location is in walking distant to pretty much everything.	
Nov 7 2008	No Problem	Me and my girlfriend lived here for 4 nights now in october/November 2008. No problems with anything. The shared bathroom was always clean and the room as well. Cant complaine about anything really!	
Nov 3 2008 	Great	We have just returned from 5 nights in NY, as a family of four, we had actually booked a four bedded room with bathroom but when we checked in were told this was unavailable (even though I had phoned and confirmed a few weeks before) they gave us two doubles, one with a bathroom and one without for one night however the I don't think they actually had the four bedded room we booked because the next day we were given two double rooms with private bathroom, luckily my children are slightly older and able to have their own room otherwise this would not have been a good thing, other that that we had no problems with the hotel at all.We found the reception staff very friendly and they booked us a car to the airport with no problem and stored our bags on the last day as we did not leave the hotel till late afternoon.We found the rooms very clean and our room was fairly modernly decorated, and I think the bathroom has recently been done too, shower no problem and always had hot water, although there is no way my husband could have got in the bath !Great location and we walked everywhere, nice coffee shop on the corner COSI to get tea and coffee in the morning.Would definately stay there again and would recommend it.	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't you dare!	There was a cockroach in the bathroom, the room was very small, staff not very kind, air conditioned very old and noisy.Noisy room. It smelt bad. Too expensive.At 4 pm my room wasn't cleaned.	
Oct 11 2008	It was pretty good	My stay at Hotel 31 did not have the best start. I visited the hotel with my father, and I was only 11 at the time. When we arrived, we were told that our room (a room with en suite, one double and one single bed) was not ready as they had double-booked it. They gave us two separate rooms, one with an en suite and double and the other with just a double. I don't know why they expected a little girl to be separated from her daddy in a strange city just because they double-booked our room.After the initial blip, though, it was a pretty good stay. It was very close to a subway station and there were local amenities nearby too, so it was not a problem that there were no food facilities at the hotel.A few evenings we would come back to the hotel and find that our beds had not been made and our room not cleaned, but other than that and the initial room mix up, there were no real problems.	
Oct 7 2008 	great stay in the middle of the big apple	we stayed here for four nights and were very pleased with everything. the staff was friendly and everything was very clean. having the bathroom in the hall was actually not a problem at all, there were never any waits. the area the hotel is in was very nice and we felt safe walking there even at night. a subway station and many attractions were within walking distance. we could even see the empire state building from our 6th floor window. i doubt that you could find anything comparable for this great price in central new york.	
Oct 6 2008 	If you dont plan on staying in much ......give it a go	Hotel 31 was about the only hotel we could afford within the NY area so we gave it a shot due to the reviews we read. No its not romantic, no its not roomy and it has definatley not been updated for many years but it is good value. (for NY accomodation comparisons) We sprung for a good room, which means you get a bed and a bathroom -and are glad we did as its nice to come back after a whole day of walking around and not have to walk up and down the hallway to use the shower or loo. The front desk staff didnt really talk up a storm but there was one guy who was helpfull when i had phone problems, so they were attentive when necessary. Its about a 15 minute walk to times square so we walked everywhere from the hotel and you can easily walk to the grand central station &amp; markets, empire state building, subway and even central park if you dont mind a longer stroll.	
Oct 5 2008 	Okay Hotel with a great location.	I stayed one night at the Hotel 31 during a recent new york trip. We stayed there mainly because of our early departure with Amtrak to Toronto from Penn station, and moved from our uptown hotel to 31 because of the convenient location just a few blocks from Penn.The hotel felt very small, with narrow corridors and tiny rooms, we stayed at the top floor, which was the 8th, I think, with a quite nice view of the Empire State Building.The room was without bathroom, which is optional. The bathroom in the hallway was clean and we never noticed anoyone else using it. Our room also contained a small tv with quite many channels, a sink and a noisy fan.The staff was nice, check in, as well as our early check out was very smooth.If I was on a budget I wouldn't have any problems staying here again, the only problem is the space, but when in New York you probably won't stay so much in your room anyway.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great value and location	We stayed there for 5 days and it was by far one of the cheapest hotels we could find.The room was quite small and basic but very clean with air conditioning and a (small) shower/bath. There is no restaurant or bar in the hotel but there are loads of places nearby. (The pizza restaurant on the corner was ace)The location is great (just round the corner from the Empire State building and two blocks from a subway station.The staff were very friendly and when we arrived the elevator was broken for a couple of hours so they carried our cases up to the 8th floor. They arranged a taxi to the airport without any fuss.In short for a city break you can't go wrong but don't expect the Ritz!	
Sep 29 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	When I stayed at this hotel I was a student and didn't have means to stay in a more expensive hotel.That said, I found this hotel to be very good. Its location was good, with a short walk to Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, Macy's etc. The hotel did not provide breakfast, but there are good deli's near by. There are also some nice bars (esp one a block around the corner that showed football (soccer) games.The rooms had shared bathrooms, but I had no problems getting hot water whatever time of day and the bathrooms and bedrooms were clean.For when I was in the hotel room, it was big enough for one (might be a bit of a squeeze for two), but it was comfortable enough and the TV had plenty of stations.No issues with excess noise and the staff were very friendly and helpful.If you want luxury or are honeymooning, this may not be the place for you. However, if you are on a budget it is ideal.To be honest, if your visiting NYC for the first time, will you really want to spend any time at the hotel, other than sleeping?If you do go, have a great stay. New York is a great city.	
Sep 22 2008 	Small dark and old fashioned	We booked this after lots of recommendations from friends. We had a double room, sharing a bathroom.Whilst it is undoubtedly reasonably priced for New York, I feel it is little more than a hostel. The rooms are tiny, very dark, and the decor is extremely old fashioned. There is minimal storage space and the rooms are generally tired and run down. The worst problem however is the fact the hot water runs out after 8am. It is quite a sight, seeing towel clad tourists running in and out of different bathrooms trying to find a shower with hot water!The location is good and it felt safe. Also I found the reception staff to be friendly.	
Sep 15 2008 	A good place to base your trip	The hotel was good. Kinda small in places, (the elevator is NOT for the claustrophobic!!) but clean and comfortable. A bit outdated here and there, but honestly. If you're going to NYC and need someplace close to the action (this place is three blocks to a subway) that won't break the bank, try it out. We had a good time and didn't have a problem with the staff, the price, or the location.	
Sep 15 2008 	Very clean and safe	Hotel 31 is a fantastic place to lay your head at the end of a busy day in New York City.Given the nature of the property (shared bathrooms, small rooms), I was nervous leading up to our trip regardless of the TripAdvisor reviews as my standards of cleanliness are unusually high. I needn't have worried. The rooms were small but they were immaculate. We never had to wait for a bathroom (if the ones on your floor are taken, just go to another floor) and they were always spotless. The shared baths actually made things a little easier for us three girls since we could all get ready at the same time between the two bathrooms on each floor and the sink in the room.The little bit extra that makes me give this property five stars, though, is the friendly and accommodating staff. We arrived at the hotel at 9 AM and they had a room ready for us. They let us put three people in a very small room for two and crammed a cot mattress onto the floor for us. Then, at the end of our trip, we had to check out at 12 PM but our bus wasn't until 9 PM. Not only did they tag our bags and lock them up for us but they let us use the showers to freshen up when we came back after a long, hot afternoon of walking around the city. They never even batted an eye at doing whatever they could to make our stay in the city as perfect as possible. Even the charming older gentleman who showed us our room's amenities added a little bit of character to our stay.If you're looking for opulence, stay at any of the high-end, multi-hundred dollar per night properties in NYC and you'll no doubt be satisfied. But if you're looking to experience a taste of classic NYC, you'll be very happy here.	
Sep 10 2008	Clean safe small but central	We stayed here at the beginning of September for five nights. The fiitst thing we noticed was the location - right near the Empire State building, grand central and a host of shops and eateries. The subway was only a few blocks away.The room was fairly small and dark, but it was furnished well and very clean. We had maid service every day. We had a shared bathroom which wasn't a problem as we never had to wait to use the bathroom. The room had it's own sink and mirror with a hairdryer which was very handy. We had a queen size bed which was firm and spacious. We arrived in the middle of a heatwave, it was terribly humid, but the room had air conditioning that was almost a little too cold! The air con is very noisy, but eventually we figured out how to turn the fan down whilst still having the cool air blowing in.The hotel didn't provide breakfast, which was a bit of an inconvenience, but we found several delis nearby that did a good breakfast.The front desk staff are not the most sociable people you will ever meet, but they were efficent. The hotel was rather quiet at times, we didn't see many guests,I'm not sure why. A few people have mentioned the hotel lift being a bit on the old side, but I found it quite charming, we never had a problem with it.Overall this hotel is basic, but great if you are just looking for somewhere to rest after sightseeing in New York.	
Sep 9 2008 	Youre very basic hotel.	Went for a quick Labor day weekend to New York and we stayed at this hotel. The room we stayed in is small for a 1 person, let alone for 2 people. The bed is hard for my taste. Paper thin walls. The ( so called ) concierge or front desk are helpless - airhead ! Location is just few blocks from all NYC attractions. Room decor is outdated - but cleaned. Elevator is soo slow and ancient. The bathroom, although shared bathroom is cleaned and well maintained - always have tissues. We had a great view of the empire state bldg thru our room window. This hotel is good for quick night stay only.	
Sep 2 2008 	Perfect for the price!!	It is exactly what we were looking for: Affordable hotel at an excellent location in Manhattan.We have no problems at the hotel during our 8 night stay. - People at reception OK- Our room (double bed with shared bathroom) was clean and quiet. And to our surprise it has a nice view of the Empire from the window! It was at the 6th floor.- Aircon works fine but a bit noisy to sleep with it on. Just open the window and that's it!- The shared two bathrooms were cleaned frequently, and we had to wait just once! - Daily maid service with clean towels. I didn't care but the towels were like the hotel, a bit old... ;-)Ok, It's true, the hotel is kind of old fashioned, with that flowery wall papers and so... but I think it's part of its charm. Overall, I would recommend to anyone, and I would go back to Hotel 31! In my opinion, it is exactly what you need in NYC. A clean and quiet place to rest after an exhausting day in the city...	
Sep 2 2008	Just Perfect!!!	LOVED IT !!!!Great Location!!!!Walking distance to all the tourist spots: Empire State bldg, Grand Central Station, Times Square, 5th Ave. etc.Close to a lot of great restaurants like Guy &amp; Gallard and Umi Sushi (gotta try this little japanese place, great hosts &amp; food)The staff are very friendly and courteous, especially the older gentleman named &quot;ziggy&quot;( he said you can call him that, just don't call him &quot;collect&quot; LOL)The rooms are very clean, the private washroom was spotless, fresh towels everyday, A/C.The place made our first trip to NYC a memorable one. Definitely recommend it especially to first time visitors to NYC.100% will stay there again.	
Aug 30 2008	satisfactory	My boyfriend and i stayed for three nights in a double with shared bathroom. The hotel had friendly reception staff, the decor was a little old fashioned but it was located in a nice and peaceful spot in manhatten. The bathrooms were always well cleaned and the air con was very effective.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great for its price	My partner and I stayed at two hotels during our Christmas trip to NY in Dec07 and both (Hotel 31 and The Pod) were great in their own ways. For the price and location, Hotel 31 is a wonderful option for those who do not wish to spend too much on a place to rest their heads at night. The place won't win any awards for decor which was a little dated and the corridors were a little musty and dim. I was apprehensive at first but for the price, it was really ok. Our room had 2 queen beds, which was great coz we could spread our stuff on one, and sleep on the other. The beds were quite comfy (no complaints there), we slept like babies and most importantly for winter, the room was warm! Bathroom was clean too and had a heater!We loved the old-style lift! It was an experience using the lift since we have never used such an old one before! Honestly, the hotel was quite interesting in the end coz of the decor, old-style phones, tvs and lift! Like a little blast from the past! Best part about the hotel is the location. Close to the subway and food outlets, which were important to us. In addition, we could walk to the Empire State Building, Macys and loads of other shops and attractions. It was also really easy to get a cab at 6am in the morning to catch a train, although the hotel is on a small side street. We had a good experience at Hotel 31 and would stay here again	
Aug 26 2008	I would stay again	I didn't have any major problems during my stay. The location of the hotel is great and the room and the shared bathrooms were tidy and neat. Despite opting for a shared bathroom, I never had problems accessing the bathrooms. The hall was indeed dimly lit, the lights could have been brighter. My room was on the second floor and on that floor the only view from the window is the wall of the neighbouring building, that didn't disturb me too much though. There was constant noise coming from outside the window but fortunately it wasn't too loud, so it didn't bother me much.The negative experiences were that my cardkey stopped working twice (the reception reprogrammed it immediately though) and the somewhat indifferent attitude of some of the reception staff. The hotel also didn't answer my e-mail inquiry about one particular thing before my arrival. Some time after making my reservation I decided to have it confirmed. The first time I was told to &quot;call back tomorrow&quot; in a rude manner but when I called back the next day everything went fine. They have different reception staff on different days though and some them are nice, depends on whom you happen to be talking to. Being a late check-in (after 6 pm) was no problem for me. I just e-mailed the hotel that I will be checking in late and the check-in went smoothly even though they never answered that e-mail either. Well, at least it seems like the e-mails are getting through.Despite some negative experiences, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 15 2008 	Small but convenient	The rooms are quite small but as expected really for NY and previously reading reviews on the Hotel. The location is convenient, close to the Empire State and surrounding shops and theres always a subway station close by for travelling around NY. The only thing was the ancient elevator. Takes its time and with luggage barely fit two people, sometimes I would give up on the wait and would take the 6 flights up or down the stairs. Overall, not a terrible place if you plan on only sleeping there, beds are a bit too firm for my liking but I was more concerned on enjoying my time there above all else	
Aug 8 2008 	Great value and location	The room was very small, but when you're in NYC you don't go there to be in your room! Got a room with two twin beds and had a cot brought in because there were three of us. The room barely fit the cot in between the 2 beds, but we didn't care - we were just sleeping there. The shared bathrooms were totally clean and the window air conditioner kept the room very comfortable. They even gave us a room with a view of the ESB when we checked in early. The location of the hotel is great. The only quirk about the hotel it the small, ancient elevator. If people from more than one floor trying using it at a time, it's very slow. We were on the fifth floor and just walked the stairs to go down. Except for checking in though, we actually had pretty good luck getting the elevator for going up. Our room was sometimes hard to open with the card key, but overall, I would definitely stay here again for the price and location!	
Aug 8 2008 	Decent place although really dark	Well this place is seriously tiny. The hallways were tiny, the rooms were tiny, the lift was tiny and they keep the lighting extremely dim to maybe hide this fact. But it was clean and comfortable and was in a good location. I did notice that the streets were a little dark at night but other than that, it was safe. The lift was charming, but did no favours to 2 girls carrying overstuffed luggageas it was hell trying to keep the heavy door open while we hauled our bags out. The front desk was friendly enough and upgraded us to an room with an ensuite bath. The weird thing was, the guy asked us first during check in whether we would like to pay extra for an ensuite bathroom. After we said no, then he said he will upgrade us for free. Very strange but we were happy! All in all, it was a good stay for one night but not too sure if I can stay in that gloom for too long.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great location very clean	We had a great experience at Hotel 31. We ended up a day late due to airline delays, and were not charged for the night we missed. We were very appreciative of that. We were a little worried about sharing a bathroom, but were very happy that they were very well maintained and clean. We also had a sink in the room, which we weren't expecting. Other than being cramped, which I hear is typical of the cheaper New York hotel rooms, we had a really good experience. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great value/location some issues with reservation	I booked 2 rooms 5 months in advance and got 2 different confirmation numbers. After 3 months I modified one of them (added 1 bed) and got confimed. The day I checked in I was told there was only one room with my name. The front desk made a big effort to find a second room, but this was too small and needed an additional rollaway, so the first night's stay was unconfortable. The next day a double-double was available and my friends moved there. Other than that, the hotel has great location and price. Bathrooms are very clean, housekeeping and maintenance are good. Rooms are VERY small but this is Manhattan. Interior corridors sometimes smelled bad. For our expectations, it was a good experience but make sure your reservation was kept.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great location	This hotel is located on 31st street, and is very close to the subway. The room was nice and spacious, its also had AC. The bathrooms were clean, but there was only two on the floor we stayed.I will definitely stay at Hotel 31 the next time i come to NY.	
Jul 15 2008	already cancelled my reservation and havent even gone yet	I recently reserved a room at this hotel through orbitz. I called to find out what type of room we were getting (with a bathroom or shared bathroom).I also wanted to make sure we had a reservation after reading the reviews on here.The man was very rude and said &quot;call back tomorrow&quot;. I called back the next day and he said &quot;call back tomorrow&quot;. So 4 days leter I called back and he confirmed my reservation for a triple room with a private bath. Well, I am 4 months pregnant and will be 5 when we get to NY, so call it maternal instinct but I decided to book us a room at Embassy Suites (musch nicer) for only $40 more a night. I called hotel 31 to cancel the day after I had called to confirm and they couldnt find my reservation! The man even implied that I didnt make one!! Why on earth would I waste my time trying to cancel a reservation I didnt even make?? Finally, after arguing, he sort of owned up to the fact that he had confirmed my reservation the previous day, and cancelled it. Luckily I was able to cancel on Orbitz as well. Just make sure you check and double check that you indeed have a room reserved. Cant say anything about the hotel quality but Im tempted to stop by and visit during our stay. :)I would have been really PO'd if we arrived labor day weekend with no reservation in an overbooked hotel 5 months pregnant.	
Jul 8 2008 	Just about perfect	We stayed here 4 nights at the end of June and were very pleased about the hotel. Although the room was rather small, it was clean and fresh. Towels were daily refreshed and the shared bathroom was probably cleaned a few times a day. We had no problem with availability of hot water. There was a constant buzz of noise but that is inherent to a city like NY I guess and it didn't bother us too much although the AC was placed in the window. Location of the hotel is indeed excellent. Would stay here again.	
Jul 3 2008 	Brilliant	From reading some of the previous &quot;bad&quot; reviews, I thought that this place would be a seedy motel. However I was very impressed. We stayed in the ensuite room on the top level, it was clean and comfortable. The hotel made me feel safe and the location is awesome. I highly recommed it to young couples that aren't fussy, I would stay here again.	
Jun 23 2008 	For the price just about perfect !!	We stayed just one night whilst travelling between Belgium and New York State. Check-in was fast and efficient, the room had 1 single and 1 double bed, was air-conditioned and we used a shared shower-room. Location is great, Empire State Building is within minutes walking, there a great cafe at the end of 31 street for breakfast. This hotel is ideal for visiting on a budget. Don't expect a 5 star full service hotel but do expect clean comfortable rooms, you won't be disappointed.	
Jun 22 2008 	Good value hotel in NYC	We stayed in the double room with shared bathroom for five nights. Positives:- Good location in NYC, close to subway station on 33rd street and about 10 minutes walk to empire state building and Macys, 10 minutes walk to central station and 20 minutes walk to times square.- Good value for money- Room was clean and had air conditioning- The shared bathroom was kept clean all the times we used it.- Staff was cordial/friendly.Negatives:- This is a 2 star hotel and therefore expect 2 star service.- Room was a bit small, but manageable. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for the good location and great value.	
Jun 22 2008 	Very clean excellent location	The hotel is exceedingly clean, including our room, all common areas and the shared bathrooms. There are plenty of bathrooms - when the two on our floor were in use, we just used the ones on the floor above or below and never had to wait. The shower provided sufficient hot water. The staff is friendly and helpful and provided extra pillows immediately upon request, (as well as an emergency replacement room key in the middle of the night when I locked myself out of the room). The elevator is very small, but works fine. The air conditioner kept the room cool, although we couldn't find any difference between the various settings - all settings appeared to result in the same noise level and same coolness.The location cannot be beat and we found the streets surrounding the hotel to be clean, safe and with all the necessary amenities. A subway station is just a couple of blocks away. We recommend having breakfast at the Barking Dog on 34th St between Lexington and 3rd. The Murray Hill Diner also provided a good breakfast.Highly recommended and we would stay there again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Another wonderful stay	Another great experience at Hotel 31. You couldn't ask for a nicer staff or for a more quaint, historical hotel stay. They were very accomodating, friendly, helpful -- I love this place and will go back again next summer. The quaint atmosphere of this hotel is so charming and the price cannot be beat. Always a pleasure to stay here, right in the middle of the city, and enjoy ourselves without having to worry about breaking the bank to stay somewhere clean and safe.	
Jun 9 2008 	A step below many hostels I've stayed at	So first caveat- its New York City, which is not the cheapest place to stay by any imagination.Second caveat - you can't beat the location of this hotel. 3rd avenue is hopping around 31st street, so you are literally a block from a good student area of Manhattan.ButWhen I think 'hotel', I think of some standard amenities. Like a room that isn't the size of a shoebox. Like a dresser for getting your clothes out of your suitcase. Like a shower that has enough water pressure.While our room on the 7th floor was quiet enough, there were a number of glitches that really made me question my $120 a night fee. First, the air conditioner sounded like a turbo-prop engine during takeoff, so keeping it on for longer than 5 minutes was impossible. Second, the tired and worn towels looked like they were castoffs from another hotel (close inspection revealed this to be true). Third, the shower really did have no water pressure, and ran scalding hot (if you can believe it) for the first morning.The staff were middling, and the old guy at the front was actually sleeping when we arrived at 11am. He also tried to convince us to take the bus to Newark during rush hour, but that is just nitpicking.So while others have raved about this hotel, my bottom line was this: scrape together another $40 a night and stay at an actual hotel. Hotel 31 is not even a good hostel if it were one.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great location good value	We booked through Venere.com who quoted the cheapest price on this hotel.It is in a great location: the nearest subway is on the corner of the block at 31st/Park on line 6 which runs up to Grand Central and on to the upper east side, or to Downtown in the other direction. However we just saved the time and money by walking. The Empire State is a short walk on 34th/5th and Rockefeller Center is a slightly longer walk.We were on the 7th floor with a shared bathroom. The room was small though I imagine this is standard fare in NYC. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. We were also right next door to the bathroom, and even the furthest room from the bathroom was within 10 metres or so of the bathroom. Each floor is quite compact.We didn't have many problems finding a bathroom - there was a bit of congestion between 8 and 9am but each floor is the same layout so a trip up or down one flight of stairs usually found an available bathroom. I was impressed that no matter when you got to the shared bathroom it appeared to have been recently cleaned! Top marks to the cleaning staff!The main disappointment with our room was that the TV reception was terrible (virtually unwatchable) though if you are in NYC what are you doing in the hotel room watching TV?The receptionist looked after our luggage without any grumbles on the day we checked out while we spent the last few hours shopping.All in all, a pleasant experience, and we felt it was good value for New York.	
May 28 2008 	Great price central location	We stayed here for four nights in early May. There were four of us travelling so we booked a room with two double beds and its own bathroom. The price was great and the hotel itself is located within walking distance to Grand Central Station, with 33rd station being the closest subway station. The purpose of our trip was mainly to sight see so the hotel room was mainly used just to sleep in and it served that purpose quite well. The room was cleaned on a daily basis and cable tv and air conditioning is also included. If you are not planning to spend the bulk of your trip staying indoors in your hotel and it's not meant to be a romantic getaway, then I would definitely recommend staying at Hotel 31. The price is right and the neighbourhood is central and safe.	
May 27 2008 	Basic clean and Affordable	Hotel 31 was exactly as it sys on the tin. NYC is very expensive for hotels and this place is cheap. It was clean, comfortable, small with a good location, sushi next door and helpful reception staff. If you want somewhere to crash in a safe neighbourhood and not worry about the cleaner robbing your stuff whilst you are out - book it (but book well in advance they are popular). We shared the bathroom and had no problems.	
May 21 2008 	Basic but value for money	Having never stayed in a hostel before this I was very apprehensive and scared that this would be a hell hole so to be safe we booked a room with our own bathroom.However I did not need to worry as this hotel/hostel was basic but very clean and the bathroom was small but functional, the water pressure in the shower was very low but we were on the 12th floor.The room was a little dated and quite small but it had enough room for our two large suitcases.Tea and coffee making facilities were provided together with a t.v, alarm clock and an oil heater which we really needed and used.The room was cleaned and beds made everyday and towels were changed.I took a look at the shared bathrooms and they were spotless very clean and spacious. Having never stayed in a hostel before I had mistakenly assumed they would be shared as in several sinks and toilets and showers all in one room, but it was just a bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower with a lock on the door.The location was excellent not too far from the main attractions.If you are looking for a place to sleep for the night then this is perfect and I would definitely recommend this hotel/hostel.If however you want to spend more time in your room then this place is not for you, the room in the day was very noisy from all the hooting from the NYC taxis on the main road etc and cold without the heating on.Overall a good, basic, clean hostel to sleep in excellent value for money and I would definitely recommend it.	
May 20 2008	Does what it says on the tin	Hotel 31 is acceptable for travellers on a budget who want a short stay in New York with no frills. This review is as unbiased as we can make it, accepting the fact that we had just disembarked from the Queen Mary 2 and, to be frank, just wanted to get back on. This wasn't really the fault of the hotel, so to be objective, it's clean and the beds are reasonably comfortable. The lift is very small and you will need to do lots of trips if you have more than a few suitcases. There is a great pizza place nearby, and it is well located for all New York's attractions. All I would say in detriment is that the soundproofing of the windows leaves a lot to be desired. New York is a very noisy city 24/7, and if you value peace and quiet then it might be better to spend (a lot) more and go somewhere with better noise insulation. As ever in life, you get what you pay for - Hotel 31 is reaonable value, but if you've got more than a few pennies, spoil yourself and go somewhere better.	
May 14 2008 	Clean 	I give it a 5 star excellent rating as compared to hotels in the same price classification in Manhattan. Hotel is very clean and staff is friendly. If you are an Inter-Continental type of person this is not for you. If you are a budget traveler and can live with a relatively smallish room Hotel 31 is definitely to be recommended. Very clean for a budget type of hotel. For the price you pay this hotel is hard to beat in Manhattan. They also held our bags on our checkout day until 10PM in a safe &amp; locked room. Room we had also has a safe in it. Will definitely return.	
May 6 2008 	Great budget option	My partner and I spent 4 nights in this hotel last April. We were a little bit afraid about the shared bathroom, but since we've read good reviews about Hotel 31, we decided to take a chance. We're glad we did. The location is perfect. In the heart of Manhattan and only two blocks away from subway, which is essential in NYC.The hotel staff was always helpful and nice. They let us check-in earlier, since we got the at 11am. They booked a shuttle on the last day to pick-us up to go to the airport. And they even kept our luggage during the last afternoon, after we check-out, so we could spent the rest of the day walking around the city, enjoying the last few moments, instead of having to go to the airport too early.The room was no that big, but we could manage even with 4 pieces of baggage. We had a sink in our room, a small tv and an a/c that seemed not to be working, but the temperature was good, so we didn't care about it. Our room was cleaned everyday and towels were changed.They have two shared bathrooms on the floor and they were always clean and available almost every time we needed it. During the peak time, like early in the morning, it got kind busy, but nothing that bother us.One thing I know for sure: a hotel with this great location and with this price in Manhattan is hard to get. I'm sure when I get back in NYC, this is gonna be the place I'll look to stay again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Very Good Hotel for the price	very good hotel for the price!. Paid £60 a night for a double room with shared bathrooom. Room was very clean and comfortable. There was enough space for 2 large suitcases and lots of shopping bags :).Never had to wait for bathroom as there are four on each floor.Had an amazing view of Empire state building from window.There is a room to leave your lugguage if you have a late flight.	
Apr 29 2008 	hotel 31 caveats	we planned our hotel stay to be a place were we crashed at night. not a place to be during the day. here are my and my wife's thoughts:- very small room - umm... ok.- bathroom very small - ok i guess.- hotel staff - umm... they were certainly there.- housekeeping - good.- phone calls prior to stay were greeted by &quot;go to our website&quot; - annoying.- hotel was quiet at night and early morning - good.- only 1 elevator - turned out to be not a problem.- location - good.- great place for breakfast nearby - good.- shower water pressure - terrible.- shower water temperature - terrible, either cold or burning hot.would we stay there again? probably not.	
Apr 18 2008 	it is what it is...	Ok, this hotel is what it is. Very central location - a couple of blocks from the Empire state Building &amp; it's cheap - one of the cheapest we could find in New York anyway. Luxury, it isn't. The room was absolutely TINY! a bed against a wall, a small desk and a sink - thats it! Was very clean though! The decor was pretty dated, I guess i was expecting better after we had read it had recently been refurbished... The communal areas were very well kept and staff on front desk were friendly and helpful! We had a room with a shared bathroom - in fact, we were right next door to it. Never had to wait / que to use it although the shower was a big let down - it would fluctuate between scolding hot and freezing cold - not very comfortable... Having said all this, you don't come to NY city to sit around a hotel room so it deserves a good 3 stars considering the price... I think next time we go, we'll try and find something a bit more upscale all the same!	
Apr 17 2008 	About a 31 on a scale of 1 - 100.	I stayed at Hotel 31 for 6 nights in April of 2008. It is somewhat of an odd place. For instance, even though I booked online and had provided all my personal information, I still had to fill out a detailed card again filling out all my personal information for the file. There is no lobby. There is a cramped space where you stand at the front desk and sign in. Meanwhile guests literally have to pass around you to get to the extremely small elevator -- a caged mechanism that holds two people and a small valise. My first reaction upon entering my room was &quot;where did the rest of it go?&quot; The person next door no doubt has the other half of my room. The t.v. is all of 12 inches and most of the cable channels do not tune in properly. I overhead one couple checking out immediately because they could not get cell phone reception in their room. Needless to say, I couldn't get wifi for my laptop. In fairness, wasn't expecting it. More problematic than its claustrophobia inducing size, however, was the dinginess and wear of the room. It was just a very depressing space with a tired bedspread, bizarrely patterned wallpaper, worn carpet, and powdered carpet deodorizer that was never completely vacuumed out leaving an overpowering scent in the room. On a more positive note, as others have indicated, the location of this hotel is ideal. So close to many attractions and also 2 blocks from the subway. I walked home at night from shows on Broadway and enjoyed the street life at night. Only took about 15-20 minutes. There are some really cool and funky places to eat all around the hotel. The shared bathroom was kept very clean and was almost always available. The hotel was quiet at night (not so much during the day). And the rates are some of the best I could find for Manhattan. Nevertheless, this was to be probably my only trip to NYC and I wish I had spent more and stayed at a nicer place.	
Apr 10 2008 	- for NYC on a shoestring!	This hotel was perfect for a quick weekend in New York with my husband and our 5 year old son. We booked a room with a double bed, a twin bed and a bathroom ensuite. We arrived at Penn Station and were able to walk the 5 or 6 blocks to hotel with no problem (luggage with wheels helped).There is no lobby at all, just a counter. You take a laughably small elevator to your floor. We were on 7 on the street side. It was quite noisy on Saturday night, but quiet otherwise.We were surprised to find that the TV had an integrated DVD player. Not sure if that's standard. It was the only &quot;luxury&quot; item in the room. The room was a bit worn, but clean and perfectly servicable. Bathroom had usual soap and shampoo. There was also a hair dryer.The location was great for us. We had very limited time and were able to easily walk to (all in a few blocks):-Morgan Library -Empire State Bldg-Macy's-Good restaurant (Fagiolini)I noticed there were plenty of places to eat on the block such as Cosi and Chipotle Grill.This was the best deal we could find for NYC in April and I have to say we'd do it again. Good value.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great location	Our twin room was small but adequate, as we were out and about all the time. Decor needs a little updating. If I go back i'd book a room with private bathroom instead of shared bathroom like we had this time. Couple of mornings when we had to pounce to get a slot but apart from that all found to be clean and tidy with friendly staff too. Car we booked for the trip back to JFK felt suspiciously like a family member doing the airport run rather than a cab but we got there ok. We had a room on the side of the main road so was a bit noisy at night if you have the window open - room was too hot at night so we had to! Also had a baby cockraoch one morning but he was the only bug we saw.Nice Italian restaurant round the corner for evening dinner, also a deli on the corner for freshly cooked breakfast/pancakes/sandwiches etc.Excellent location to see all the sites and 5 mins from nearest subway too which was handy.Have rated as above average due to the hotel's great location for sightseeing.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	Hotel 31 is the best kept secret in New York, so why am I telling you? You cant stay on Manhattan near the Empire state for this price.We stayed for 5 nights in March 2008.Me, wife and 2 teenagers in double room private bath. On the 8th floor, a bit cramped but adequate with electronic safe, TV, Radio. The shared bathrooms looked clean. Our room was tidied every day with new towels regular.If you want waiting on hand and foot go somewhere else. If you want somewhere handy and affordable, this is it.The Elevator was small decor dated but it is a really quant place.Besides if you want to spend all your time in your room why go to N.Y. ? I read reviews prior to booking and had concerns over bugs etc. But we never saw any bugs or critters of any kind.The old guy who shows you to your room was great, a real New York character,he insists on showing how the hairdrier and gossip machine (phone) works !! The desk staff were helpful and got us a taxi when we were going. Lots of Diners around the Hotel. Murray Hill Dineron Lexington just North.Also go south on Lex you will come to Indian and Chinese Restaurants. We did the Indo Wok- Kingfisher beer ! also a $9 buffet across from it but no beer and was a bit grotty but didnt get Delibelly from either of them. Deli on corner of Lex for your bits and use the laundry opposite Hotel to do your smalls before you go !! Just have a great adventure. Its a great find. Did 48hr grayline bus tour( go from Times Sq.a bit of a walk)2 days to see it all from bus,hopping of for statue ferry(free ticket)then walked to seaport for Brooklyn loop. Did Night tour bus and got off at Empire State building, went up(free ticket)very quite, straight to top in 10 mins.2nd day did uptown loop got off at central park. 3rd day did Liberty helicopter, walked to Chelsea piers for golf range but 1 hour wait went in Brewery pub next door-Cask Ale!4th day Shopping and Museums.Tip-while the wife is in Bloomingdales,take the cablecar to Roosevelt Island and back.	
Mar 27 2008 	Not bad for budget hotel but confirm your reservation!	My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights. We were supposed to stay 6 nights, but when we arrived the first night, they told us that the reservation had been &quot;cancelled.&quot; When I told them that this was impossible, they were not particularly helpful, and wanted to send me to a hotel that was $275/night! (There were no rooms at their sister hotel, Hotel17.) I suspect what had happened was that they wanted to book the room at a higher rate, and &quot;lost&quot; my reservation. Anyway, we were given a room (1 double bed, shared bath) for all but the first night of the original reservation, with no discount or anything for the error. The staff were not helpful, but they were courteous.That said, the room itself was fine for the price--small, but functional. We were on the 5th floor and could see the Empire State building out the window. We never had the patience to wait for the elevator, so we walked up to the room each time. There were times when there was a wait for the bathroom, usually in the morning. (There was a sink in the room itself, which was handy.)The hotel offered to take us to JFK airport for $55--the cabs charge $45. Note: there is also a separate charge if you want to use the telephone in the room ($4 for 5 nights). No Internet service is available, unless you use dial-up. The #6 subway is a block away, and the neighborhood is safe and quiet at night.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great Little Hotel in Manhattan	GREAT Hotel in downtown Manhattan. Small, but clean and has everything you need, and the price is cheap for NYC! 3 blocks from the Empire State Bldg, 2 blocks from the subway. We've been there twice now &amp; I would stay there again &amp; recommend it!	
Mar 8 2008 	Nice experience	I stayed at the hotel in February with my son(16) for 8 nights, and we have nothing to complain. Our room (twin, shared bath) was on the 6th floor with a beautiful view to the Empire State Building.The room was very clean, the maids came every day, we had a sink, TV, a chest of drawers, hair dryer, clean towels every day. The room was spacious enough, and the two shared bathrooms on our floor were almost always available and very clean. The nights were very quiet with no disturbance at all.The staff was polite to tell where to find the post office, subway etc.The location is excellent with subway entrance on the 32th street. Many nice places to have breakfast in every corner.Maybe a little larger lobby with coffee and internet woud have made our stay even more perfect. The other visitors were like us: all day out and in the evening too tired to do nothing but sleep.I´m happy that I read reviews before booking.	
Feb 29 2008 	Enjoyable stay	My partner and I stayed for seven nights at the Hotel 31 in February and had an excellent stay there. The hotel suited all of our needs, and we were very pleased with the choice.We paid around £60 a night for a room with a private bathroom, which was much cheaper than the average going rate for hotels in the same area. The room was a decent size (not huge, but more than big enough for the two of us, and our week's worth of luggage/shopping), and the bathroom was clean and spacious; we were very comfortable the whole time. The private bathroom was a personal preference of ours, but as many people have commented before, the shared bathrooms that we passed on our floor were always empty and very clean (I must mention though that the hotel was rather quiet the whole time we were there, so this may not necessarily be the case in a busier season). The location of the hotel was perfect for what we required. We were making a few day trips out of the city from Penn Station, and as this involved a few early mornings/late returns, one of the main reasons for our choosing Hotel 31 was it's proximity to the station. It was about fifteen minutes walk and this, combined with the price, made it ideal. The hotel is also located only five minutes from 5th Avenue (and the Empire State Building) and about 20 minutes from Times Square, while there are plenty of subway links from either 33rd Street or Penn Station. There was a large Loews cinema just two blocks away on Second Avenue, and plenty of restaurants in the nearby areas.The hotel is in a quiet area of the city; we generally found ourselves walking back to the hotel at about 11pm from either seeing a show or the station, and the surrounding streets were practically deserted. This didn't bother my boyfriend, though I admit I preferred to stick to the major avenues like 5th or Madison late at night. One thing we did find a little odd came at the very end of our stay: after asking one of the front desk staff about a car back to Newark, we were told we could book one with them for $50. Our flight home wasn't until 10pm, so we left our luggage at the hotel after checking out in order to have a last day wandering around. On returning, our luggage was returned to us by a member of staff, who then announced that he would be taking us to the airport himself in a cab that was waiting outside the hotel; he then proceeded to tell us that outside of working at the hotel, he also worked as a cab driver! We were a bit confused by the whole situation, but as the staff had seemed generally eccentric (though very helpful and pleasant) throughout our stay, we decided it was better to just accept it and be on our way...we made it to the airport quickly and in one piece, so everything worked out in the end!All in all, I strongly recommend Hotel 31 for anyone who is looking for a cheap, well located hotel in Manhattan. We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again on our next trip to the city.	
Feb 11 2008 	Ended up here...	We booked hotel 17 originally. And despite confirming our reservation at JFK, when we got to hotel 17 we were told that there were no rooms available! They did get us a room at Hotel 31 and gave us a few dollars for the cab fare.When we checked in we were told to be thankful as many people didn't have a room in NY. I chalked that up to NY friendliness. Still he did give us a discount for our inconvenience.The rooms were small, but hey its a budget hotel in Manhattan! Bathroom at the end of the hall. The A/C didn't appear to work but it wasn't that warm outside anyway.The location is great. A short walk from several landmarks and the subway.Despite our problems getting booked in I'd stay here again for the price (compared to other Manhattan hotels) and the location.	
Feb 6 2008 	great place for budget	after travelling for 7 months in south america, we wanted to end our trip in nyc, and looked for a nice quite and clean budget place inside manhattan. knowing how hard it is to find such a place in the city we spent a lot of time searching on the web.we read a lot of reviews on the place, some of them were not so great, and were not so sure of what we will find...after spending 3 nights there, we can tell u this place is great for the budget travelers. we had a wonderful time. we had a double room with shared bathroom. the room was nice and very very clean. we read reviews about how small the rooms are, but we had 3 large bags and there was no problem fitting them inside the room and feeling more than comfortable. the rooms are more than big enough.the bathrooms were always clean (they clean them a few times a day) and the staff were nice and friendly.the location is the best. inside manhattan and close to some of the major attractions. the 6 subway train is located just around the corner so its easy to get around.if u are looking for a budget place, this place is perfect.	
Jan 30 2008	Lovely budget midtown hotel	We stayed there for 10 nights and found it to be a pleasent experience. The room was a decent size (twin - no bath) for New York at least. An excellent location in midtown manhatten. Walking distance to great sites such as the UN, Empire State, Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, Fifth Ave, Macy's etc. Also, the subway is a couple minutes walk which was great for convenience. There's also some good local amenities like a grocery store, internet cafe and cheap lunch and dinner places. The area is somewhat commercial so is pretty quiet in the evenings and weekends and more lively during weekday mornings and afternoons when all the office workers are getting to work or on lunch. Lexington ave and third ave which are right next to the hotel have some decent places to eat and drink if you're looking for a relatively quiet night out near by.The hotel staff were friendly and approachable and can offer great help with local information like directions, local sites, where to get something to eat etc. The hotel itself is quite cute and quirky in the decorations and style. Yes the elevator is small and slow but I laughed everytime I rode it because it was such a quirky old-school thing. The bedrooms are kept clean and tidy by the maids - remember to tip them - we tipped $5 a day as a rule. Our bedroom had a television and phone and couple of rails to put clothes. This was actually more than we were expectingThere were a couple of occasions where there was a wait for the bathroom - this was at peak times in the morning - say about 9am when everyone was just up - so to be expected really. And there were also a couple of times when the toilets would be blocked up - but a quick ring to tell reception about it sorted this out soon enough.Overall, I think this hotel is a great budget find. And I would happily recommend it to anyone visiting NYC who wants to stay somewhere cheap and cheerful. We stayed there for 10 nights which is more than i think most people tend to stay there and I could find precious little to fault them on.	
Jan 30 2008 	can't be beat	perfect location, clean&amp; friendly. rooms are small but efficient and price is right. why spend time in your room when you are in this city anyway? 2 blocks from subway that goes from one end of manhattan to other and hotel is within walking distance of so many neighbourhoods on sunny days. Will definitely return to this hotel.	
Jan 26 2008	An Excellent Deal (for some) in the Land of the Overpriced Hotel	A very good deal for those who are satisfied with basic accommodations in a European-type of establishment (sink in room). Clean room, friendly staff. Thin walls however. Clean shared bathrooms. I'd stay here again. If you're very fussy or expect $300+ /night type of accommodations for $150 (or as I paid $115 incl tax), you'd best look elsewhere. At the moment though, one of the best bangs for the buck in MY city even though I've spent the last 30 in Washington DC	
Jan 11 2008	convenient cheap no problems	I was leery but the hotel turned out to be fine. The location is excellent, the staff was helpful, the room was quiet, and I had no problems with the shared bath (which was nice and clean). The room itself was small and dowdy but it had everything I needed and was clean.	
Jan 2 2008	Had to cancel on short notice - polite service and no charges!	I booked this place for 2 nights this January, but got delayed with weather in upstate NY so my wife and I had to cancel. We called to cancel less than 24 hours ahead of time, but they were very polite and let us cancel without a charge. This is atypical in my experience and thought that these folks deserved some credit for treating guests like humans and not ATMs. We look forward to staying here when we are not snowed in...	
Jan 1 2008	Great location	We have stayed many times at sister Hotel 17 but this was our first time at this hotel. Room small --don't remember wallpaper--who cares! No wait for bathrooms, very pleasant staff--brought extra pillows within minutes of request. Affordable rates make it possible to spend extra time in city we love. Enjoyed access to midtown via walking and rest of city by subway.	
Dec 21 2007	Hope to go back...	The rooms are quite small but they are immaculately clean and let's face it, you won't be staying in yr room for long. Stayed one night in a room with en-suite as the room with shared bathroom wasn't ready and the en-suite was fine, as was the shared bathroom when my son and I moved. This room on the 4th floor had a view of the Empire State Building (with a bit of neck craning).Shared bathrooms were clean and well maintained. The location is what really sells this hotel. We paid just under £60 p.n. (incl. taxes) for 4 nights and this for a hotel within 3 blocks of the Empire State Building, Macy's and half a bock from the subway onE.32nd. Desk staff were helpful and even though the hotel doesn't do breakfast there is a deli on the corner and a great diner with 5 mins walk on Lexington Ave (the Murray Haill Diner).The area is safe and i would most certainly stay here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great location - decent BUDGET hotel	The location is superb. Just a few blocks away from Empire State Building. A 15 minutes walk to Macy's, and nearest subway just a few minutes away.As we (me and my wife in our 20/30's) booked late, only rooms with shared bathroom were available.Our room was tiny, the smallest I've ever seen - but clean. There were as other have mentioned nowhere to put your clothes, and after a few days of shopping - the piles of clothes etc kept growing :)Contrary to other reports here, there were some waitings for the bathroom, but then we went to NY early December so it might have been more crowded than usual? But bathroom was clean, no complaining about that!If you're looking for budget accomodation, and clean rooms in a nice location is what you want - this is your place	
Dec 19 2007 	Quaint Hotel	My friend and I (both in our 20's) stayed at Hotel 31 for a few nights in November. The hotel is very quaint and full of character. We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom and we never had to wait. The rooms are tiny, but we were in our room so little that it didn't matter. Staff was very friendly and you could not ask for a better location. We also felt very safe walking around at night. I would definitely stay again.	
Dec 16 2007 	small but convenient	When booking this property we knew that it wasnt going to be luxury accommodation, in fact my expectations were really low... I was pleasantly surprised, though the property was run down, it was very clean, and ideally located! The only issue we had was that the more shopping we did the smaller the room became! Other then that it was a pleasant 10 day stay, with helpful staff, a great location, clean rooms, very clean bathrooms, all for a really good price!	
Dec 10 2007 	reasonable	We arrived here at 2am on 2nd Dec after booking a room at sister hotel (hotel 17) only to be told on arrival that our room had been given away (despite confirming time of arrival 24 hours earlier).The guys on reception were helpful, reimbursing us for our taxi and knocking $20 off our first night for the inconvenience we had suffered.After the 2nd night the manager told us we would have to return to hotel 17 as our room had been booked by someone else. He showed me a booking sheet listing no available rooms for the coming evening. I told him that was totally unacceptable, due to our inconvenience and the terrible service we had received at 17 and all of a sudden a room became available!Other than that we had no problems at hotel 31 at all.The room was small and a bit scruffy, and when we arrived it was absolutely boiling in the room. However with a bit of effort I removed the radiator guard and turned the radiator off. (The radiator remained off with the window slightly open for 5 nights - and despite sub zero temperatures outside the room temp was just right - the heat from surrounding rooms kept our warm!) Goodness only knows what other guests were suffering heatwise!We were right next door to a shared bathroom, but we were never disturbed by any noise. However it was often occupied, so we used the one along the corridor or upstairs - both of which had a more powerful shower. The water was always warm enough.I was dubious about using a shared bathroom, but it was always clean, and for the money you save, it is well worth it.The location was good, within walking distance of times square, central park etc.We had a great time in NYC, and although I wouldn't say the hotel added to our experience, it certainly didn't detract from it.	
Dec 2 2007 	Recommended	First thought was what have we done. Room was small and we have to share a bathroom. Yuck! But to my surprise the room was comfortable and bathrooms were very clean. For instance I had taken a shower and returned to my room and my husbands turn was next, I left some soap for him and he returned to tell me &quot;do you have any more soap someone is cleaning the bathroom already&quot;. For the price and location, Hotel 31 is the place I will stay in the future.	
Nov 30 2007 	Love NY - OK hotel	my bf and I stayed 6 nights, after 5 weeks in the States and a dozen hotels. This would be the least favourite for us, as contrary to otherreviews we regularly had to wait for the use of the shared bathrooms on our floor. There wasn't anywhere to place your clothes in the shared bathroom except for the window sill. The room got hot, even with the window open. Comfort wise, the bed was only OK, with no mattress protector on the bed, just the sheet.On the positive, hotel and bathrooms seemed clean, excellent location,nice staff....and the price was good for expensive New York. If I could afford it I would stay elsewhere next time, if you're on a budget definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Hotel. Great Location	Myself and the Mrs have just spent four amazing nights in New York, wow! what a city! we stayed in Hotel 31 and we were very pleased with everything for the price, the rooms were small but clean and fresh (apart from the room was boiling, even when the window was wide open) , the room was without a bathroom but did'nt matter too much because the sharing bathrooms were hardly ever occupied and were always nice and clean. The service was helpful and friendly, but best of all was the location of the hotel right in the heart of Manhatten. For the price we payed it counld'nt have been any better..... One last thing, did anyone know what that old man was talking about??? I think I'm gonna miss him. We will definatley be going again	
Nov 26 2007 	Top Value. Great Service. Excellent Location	I was really worry about shared bathroom but my entire 10 days stay I had never need to wait for someone else to finish a shower. The bedroom is small but sufficient, it has a hanging rack, a very clean sink, no bed bugs, moderate air cond, a small tv sitting on a make up table.The location is superb, just 2 streets away from 33st subway which u can grab to go uptown and downtown. I found my deals at globalbeds.com.au for USD$130 a night. For a standard that Hotel 31 showed, it is a real bargain and I am a bit worry about the high demand will hike up its price soon.The lift is awfully small &amp; slow but still retain its original state, a grill bar. Fully recommended. You be stupid not to book here.	
Nov 19 2007	Location Location Location	The location is great, we got a view of the empire state building which was amazing!! However, there were shared bathrooms and also the hotel did not provide any meals. This didn't matter as every other store you walk past is a deli so it wasn't a problem. The rooms were clean, with a basin, wardrobe, chest of draws and beds. We were provided with clean towels everyday and the staff seemed friendly towards us. It isn't too expensive to stay here, but if you are looking for a luxury hotel then this isn't really the place to go. We only slept in the rooms at night, so we didn't spend much time inside as we were out and about explorin New York! Just one point though: If you do decide to stay at this hotel, could you please look out for a camera (in a red case) because I lost it! If you do find it, can you hand it into the staff at reception and also comment me saying you have found it. It has all of our holiday pictures, (this was my first time to New York) so please hand it in as I don't want to lose them!	
Nov 7 2007 	Excellent Value- will stay here again	This hotel is in an excellent location, just a 5-7 min walk from the Empire State Building. There is a great pizza place on the corner!! Our room was very clean and accomadation cleaned it every day and left us clean towels etc...we never had to wait to use the shared bathrooms and they also were very clean and the water was always hot!! there are sinks in the rooms which is very handy...the staff at the front desk were very helpful and also booked us a cab back to JFK....will stay here again on my next trip to New York!!	
Oct 28 2007 	Good value - will stay again	In town for Morrissey concert the end of October. We stayed in an ensuite room - 815. The elevator is sooo small, but really &quot;old-timey&quot; and fun to &quot;ride.&quot; Everything in the hotel was extremely neat and clean. Our double ensuite room had a desk, nighstand w/lamp, separate &quot;alcove&quot; to store luggage and hang up coats, TV armore (w/more than than just local channels) &amp;coffee pot. I really loved the way it was decorated - high ceilings, our room had a tray ceiling as well.The only negative thing I could say was the noise was a bit rough at night as our room faced 31st Street. That is not the fault of the hotel. How could they have known a wacko would flip out at 2:45 a.m., try to stiff a cabbie who then proceeds to call two more of his friends and they all beep their horns for a good long time until the cops show up at 3:10. The Empire State Building is close by, bit of a walk for other stuff, but the subway is at 34th Street - which we didn't use this time. All in all, I will go back on our next visit.	
Oct 27 2007 	Nice place great location	Very good location at a great price [for NYC]. Rooms are small and you have to share a bathroom, but not a big deal since we were never in our room and never had to wait for the bathroom. Everything is very clean and well maintained. Service was friendly and helpful. Certainly a place to consider if you want to stay in Manhattan on a budget.	
Oct 16 2007 	Hotel 31-Brilliant	I was a little worried before I arrived at the hotel, as it was the first time I had ever had a shared bathroom. However, I cannot tell you how happy we were with our stay at this hotel. It is not much to look at, and the decor is old, but who cares?! It is VERY clean, I never waited for a bathroom, the staff are very friendly and helpful and the maids come every day. I would deffo stay here again, as it is a great location and a great hotel! The only downside is the hairdryer was rubbish, but hey-ho!!	
Oct 16 2007 	Great Place for the Price	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in October. The room was small, and the elevator is straight from the 20' s but who is going to spend that much time in it? Beds were comfortable, it was quiet, very clean, in a safe and clean neighborhood with a subway stop nearby and you can't beat the price. We walked a few blocks and were surprised by an awesome view of the Empire State Building a few blocks away! The shared bathrooms were cleaned several times a day, and always empty. The staff there is great. The guy at the desk actually moved his car where we could park for free on the street (he saved us $35), told us places to eat nearby, answered all of our questions about places to see in the City, stored our luggage the day we checked out, and arranged for a car to JFK. If you are looking for a hotel in the middle of everything but can't spend a fortune, check this place out!	
Oct 11 2007 	Excellent value for money	I've just come back from a 5 night stay at Hotel 31 and I can't recommend it enough.As a single traveller trying to keep costs down I'd done a fair bit of research before opting for this hotel. I booked a double room with shared bathroom and for the price couldn't fault it.Yes the decor is a bit dated but it all adds to the character of the place. The hotel was spotlessly clean and i never once had to wait to use the bathroom. The air con was bit noisy but I soon got used to it. It's a couple of blocks from the Empire State building and there are plenty of places to eat close by. It's in a great location for sightseeing and when speaking to friends who were paying more than double the price for places that sounded fairly poor I was very glad with the decision I'd made.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good place to stay...	I stayed here for 5 nights in September 07 and thought it was a great place to stay for the price as alot of other hotels were out of my price range. THe location is great just near a subway stop that can take you practically anywhere you want. Don't be put off by the shared bathroom they were very clean and I didn't have to wait long for a shower in the mornings. Hotel staff very friendly and it's on a safe and busy street - I would reccommend for those on a budget...there are cheaper hotels/hostels but this was good for the price.	
Oct 8 2007 	Excellent Location and Value	We stayed at this hotel for seven nights at a very good rate. The hotel is located in mid-town Manhattan close to two subway stops (which can be used to go up to the upper east side or down to the lower East Side and Brooklyn). We booked a shared bathroom double bedroom (Euro style). Check in was uncomplicated and quick. A staff member named Ziggy (he was very amusing) showed us to our room located on the eighth floor (the top floor). I was surprised to find that the room was much larger than the room we had stayed in during our previous visit to NYC (we had previously stayed at the Chelsea Lodge). The restroom was directly adjacent to the room. The only problems were loud construction noise, consistently weak and ocassionally non-existent water pressure, and a mattress that should probably be retired.We liked the building, the view, and the old elevator. We also had a laundry service across the street do our laundry for $.85 per pound, or about $.25 more than in Brooklyn.We noticed that we shared the hotel with many European visitors to NYC and thought that it was good to hear all those foreign langauages being spoken and enjoyed when they tried their English language skills with us in the elevator.The hotel's location is very ideal for tourists. It is located close to Madison Square Park, the Empire State Building, the UN, and the JP Morgan libarary, among other things (including Bellevue Hospital). It is south of Central Park and north of Greenwhich Village, lower East Side, etc.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great location!!!	Hotels in Manhattan are extremely expensive. When you accept this - Hotel 31 is among the best deals.The location is the best part of a stay at Hotel 31. You can walk to a lot of the &quot;must see&quot; attractions and some of the best shopping. The subway is nearby, which connects you to the rest of the city in a fast and cheap way.The neighbourhood is not among the &quot;must see&quot; attractions, but it provides several good restarants at fair prices and some pretty cool bars as well. We recommend the &quot;Les Halles&quot; at Park Av. between 28th and 29th.Our room was rather small and dark. However it was clean and everything was working. The bed was comfortable.Breakfast is not included or available at the hotel. However, Guy and Gallard around the corner is nice and gives a large selection at fair prices. The staff was friendly, e.g. arranged transportation to the airport and helped out with our on-line check in 24 hours before departure.All in all, the Hotel 31 was a good experience and contribution to a great vacation in NYC.	
Sep 21 2007 	Cheap (comparatively) and Cheerful	It's very important to realise what you're getting with Hotel 31. In general, all hotels in Manhattan are outrageously expensive. I was shocked when I first started looking for a place to stay because it seemed impossible to find anywhere half decent for under £150 (about USD300) a night. Call me a cheapskate but I consider that to be expensive!! I just couldn't believe this and even posted a forum question asking why this was? I had a lot of responses from local experts basically saying that hotels in Manhattan can charge what they like nowadays and it's almost a license to print money.Anyway, after a lot of searching and review reading, I went for Hotel 31 because of the ***comparatively*** cheaper price of £100 (USD200) per night and it's ideal and central location....and, to be quite honest, it's high star rating on Trip Advisor for what essentially appeared to be a budget hotel.I won't bore you with a long and overly descriptive review of the actual place itself but all you need to know is:OUR SITUATION:We had a double bed room with a private bathroom on the 8th floor and paid about £300 (exact USD588) for three nights. Disappointed not to have a view of the ESB but didn't think to ask for one when we checked in. If this is important to you, you might want to make a point of requesting one when you're checking in!Points I'd like to make:LOCATION:1) Yes, the location IS fantastic, a few blocks from the ESB, two blocks from either 28th or 33rd Street Subway stations (that take you directly right downtown to Liddle-Iddly and Chinatown etc :) and unless you are infirm, you can walk to most popular Manhattan locations within 30-odd minutes.HOTEL ITSELF:2) Yes, the rooms are on the small side and look a bit 'tired', the aircon unit is loud and will keep you awake if you need 'pindrop silence' to sleep and to be perfectly honest, the place as a whole is really nothing 'special'. You get all the usual amenities though, like a multi-channel TV, coffee machine, iron, alarm clock etc. You have a maid option every day and the place was kept clean and tidy and maintained. Although we had no need for them, the shared bathrooms looked well maintained as well. Yes, cleanliness couldn't be faulted in general.The deskstaff are friendly enough and we had no problems at all with them. We liked the musical lift/elevator (plays radio music) that's like something from the 1930's, that seemed to take forever to get from the top (8th) floor to the Ground!! :) It was quite quaint really...GENERAL:Here's the thing though. Unless you're royalty, when you go to NY, why the hell would you need anything more than something like Hotel 31?!? Even though I'm from the UK, I'm happy to go on record as saying that NY is the greatest city I've ever been to (now been 3 times) with sooooooo much to see and do that if you spend any more time in your hotel room than sleeping and washing, I tell you, you're cheating yourself!!! Why pay anymore than 'as little as you can' for somewhere to rest your head, that's clean, reasonably comfortable and central? In this respect, Hotel 31 is ideal and from what I've seen, probably the best place in Manhattan in this category. Sure, if you've got money to burn, I'm sure there are far more luxurious places to stay and if you can afford £200/£250 a night for a hotel, then good for you but most of us mere mortals can't so that why I'd recommend this place.SUMMARY:So there you have it. Hotel 31. Cheap and cheerful, great location, know what to expect, don't go with any delusions of grandeur and this place is absolutely ideal! I'd certainly stay there again unless I win the lottery and for a city that seems to be getting ever more expensive, every penny counts!!! :)	
Sep 20 2007 	Overrated	I stayed at Hotel 31 for 5 nights in Aug 2007. It is only a basic 2 star hotel, but as it's in Manhatten they can charge an unbelievable amount for it !Generally the hotel is ok, the rooms let in alot of traffic noise, and the air-conditioner was so noisy I couldn't sleep with it on, not good in summer! The shower pressure was abismal, it barely got me wet, and I never had to use any cold water, the temperature was at best luke warm.Other than that it's not too bad, as long as you don't expect too much. But I wouldn't stay here for any longer than two or three days.	
Sep 14 2007	New York's Hidden Gem!	My son and I stayed at Hotel 31 in NYC for 2 nights this past June. It is an unpretentious old school hotel, very quiet and charming. Our cozy but tiny room on the fourth floor had two comfortable twin beds, sink, wardrobe, desk and chair, TV, phone and AC. The view of the Empire State was great! No one was ever in the shared bathrooms in the halls when we wanted to use them. Everything was clean and well cared for. I will definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice, inexpensive place to stay in New York. The staff were very accomodating, as well.	
Sep 14 2007 	Excellent	We stayed at Hotel 31 for 7 nights. Check-in was easy and done within minutes. Very friendly staff. Small lobby. We had a room on the sixth floor for the three of us [double and twin bed] with a private bathroom. The elevator is a bit small and oldish but big enough for three people with suitcases. I was expecting a small room after reading some reviews here but i was a bit surprised to see how 'big' it was, it surely was big enough for 3 people. Enough space to store multiple suitcases near the coat rack. Room was spotless &amp; clean. Bed's were nice, clean and comfortable. Shower was nice, always warm water. The airconditioning worked fine although we didnt had to use it very much due to the bad weather. Every day there was maid service. In the room there's a TV with Fox, NBC, CNN, Weather Channel and some other channels, there's a coffee machine next to the TV, a hairdryer in the bathroom. I once forgot my mobile phone but at the end of the day it was still there. Always felt safe while staying at the hotel. There's also always someone from the staff present at the desk in the lobby.Location: nice and safe neighborhood and within a half minute walk of the subway #6 [walk towards Park Ave then towards 32nd Street] which can bring you uptown to Grand Central Terminal [one stop] or downtown all the way to Union Square Station, Chinatown and lower Manhattan. Within three blocks of the hotel there are enough places to buy food like two Duane Reade's [supermarket], Starbucks, deli at the corner, Subway, Dunkin Donuts [on the corner of 31st &amp; Park Ave], McDonalds and it's like 4/5 blocks or so from the Empire State Building, 5th Avenue and other shopping locations [i.e. Manhattan Mall, Macy*s]. Location is very good so to speak.After check-out you can leave your luggage for free in their storage room which you have to collect within 24 hours. Hotel staff arranged us a ride back to JFK airport with a fixed rate! So we didnt had to hail a yellow cab. Price was $55 including tip and toll. So ask them about this as a yellow cab won't use a flat rate like when you're travelling from JFK to Manhattan. Even with trafficjams it only took like a hour to get from the hotel to JFK.Last thing, although we had a private bathroom, we always noticed when leaving the hotel in the morning or coming back at night that the shared bathroom was always available so if you have thoughts about having to wait in line when making a reservation for a room with a shared bathroom.. this surely ain't the case. I definitely looking forward to return to this hotel when visiting NYC again! We had a great time staying in NYC and at Hotel 31.	
Sep 13 2007 	Excellent value for money	Absolutely spotless.Shared bathroom which I would no way consider but was swayed by reviews - 2 very near our room, never had to wait and always exceptionally clean and in very good condition. Loved the old-fashioned art nouveau piped-music lift. Bedding smelt clean and fresh, clean under bed, no dust anywhere - staff always cleaning andf helpful. Plaid wallpaper and dark woodwork reminiscent of a scottish castle. Would definitely stay there again. A little gem!	
Sep 10 2007 	Fabulous price	Very good hotel. The staff were lovely, the rooms were quite small, but more than adequate. The price was incredibly good - much cheaper than anything else that I could find in New York.Bathrooms were shared but seemed to be very clean.The hotel is not too far from the Empire State building - just a few blocks away. Bagels are easy to buy from street vendors if you need a quick breakfast. I forget whether breakfast was available. If so, it wasn't included in our booking so we got bagels instead.The room was very warm, and the air conditioning didn't seem to cope too well, but I would certainly stay here again, especially when it is not summer.	
Sep 6 2007 	A Nightmare!	My wife and I had traveled through Europe, South America and the United States and in this ocassion we booked this hotel for three nights and the experience was TERRIBLE. This is my &quot;soft&quot; review because the other one didn't get published but you can contact me via email if you want to read the whole nightmare.We booked a room with private bath and they gave us a shared bathroom although we booked it with anticipation. At 10 p.m. you got no choice but to accept it.Second day they gave us the private bathroom but my wife ran out of hot water. We decided to check out earlier and the front desk person gave us a very hard and rude time. I don't consider paying 370USD including taxes for 2 nights a cheap hotel. This is an expensive hostel!The rooms we got in the seventh floor were painted in dark color and very small. Air conditioning was super noisy and very close to your ears. The rooms have deep smoke odor and we are both non smokers. The elevator is old and creepy. The hotel doesn´t look &quot;renovated&quot; as some reviews say.The hotel has good location but not an excellent one. Distance is a little far walking (if you shop you'll need a taxi) and too short for using bus or subway.If you know what the word SERVICE means you shouldn't even to consider this kind of hotels. I think people review this hotel very good because they were expecting a nightmare for what they paid and didn't get one!	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent value for money	We stayed in Hotel 31 for 7 nights in mid-August. I was a bit nervous about this place because it was so inexpensive but it really and honestly exceeded my expectations. Sure - its old, the rooms are smaller and we had a shared bathroom but I can't complain about a single thing! And most people won't spend that much time in their hotel room anyway - we didn't.The bathrooms were almost always available and were always clean. There are two bathrooms per floor and only about ten bedrooms per floor so really its one bathroom per 5 bedrooms and we never had a problem. There was always warm water in the shower. The air conditioning in our room worked perfectly although it was a bit noisy so we didn't leave it on at night. There was a TV in the room which worked fine, and a hairdryer too. There was also a sink in our room which was very handy. Security is good - its on a nice quiet and seemingly safe street between the bustling Park Avenue and Lexington Avenues. All the bedrooms are accessed with keycards which always worked fine. I enquired at the front desk about different things in New York several times and I always found the staff friendly, polite and helpful. The best thing about this place though was its location. It is within EASY walking distance of the Empire State Building, Macy's, Grand Central Station and Times Square and other places like the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the United Nations are a bit further but still walkable. If you don't feel like walking then the nearest subway station (33rd St. Station) is about 3-4 minutes away on foot. There are lots of places to eat/drink nearby. I would certainly recommend this hotel for those looking for something affordable. Sure, if you can afford it there are plenty of more luxurious places to stay but for the money you pay, this place is a little gem.	
Aug 20 2007 	Will go back	My boyfriend and i stayed here for a week in April and loved it. This place is a bargain, right by subway, couple of blocks from airport bus and you can walk to most places in a few mins especially the Empire state building which was around the corner by most of the big shops. Staff were very friendly, told us about the bus and local diner for breakfast (1 block), kept our money safe, posted our mail and held our bags for us on our last day.Our room was small (i think there were bigger ones) but this didnt matter one bit, we had a tv, a bed, a sink and clothes rail and all we did in our room and was sleep store our cases. I've stayed in a more expensive hotel in NYC before and if anything Hotel 31's rooms were bigger and the location was much better.Shared bathrooms were very clean and i never had to wait for them.It's small and quirky but your not in New York to look at your hotel! Brilliant bargain and would definately stay again!	
Aug 19 2007 	Friendly neighbourhood great location and clean	As a family of 5 it was difficult getting budget accommodation to suit us. The hotel 31 were very accommodating and put a rollaway bed in the double double room for us for an extra $15 per night and whilst it was a squeeze, it was fine for the amount of time we were in the room.Air conditioning worked sufficiently on some of the hottest days of the summer. Room was cleaned daily and our bathroom (and shared bathrooms) were spotless every day. TV in the room, toiletries, hairdryer etc.As we were on the 8th floor, we did experience poor water pressure from the shower at times but nothing to completely ruin our opinion of the hotel (we had stayed in the Hilton at the airport and the shower was cold, so you never can tell!). The area seemed safe and friendly. The local deli owners were great with the kids. Many of the restaurants on the 3rd and 2nd Avenues were good. The location for subway was perfect as was the short walk to many main attractions such as the Empire State.The only very small things were that there was no kettle but there was a coffee maker (and the deli on the corner was 2 mins away). Also, there wasn't a hotel lobby as such to wait for other members of the family or rest for a while at the end of the day but this was a very minor inconvenience.All in all, we were really pleased with location, price and cleanliness and have recommended to others already.	
Aug 15 2007 	I'd stay here again	I stayed at Hotel 31 on a recent trip to NYC and like the previous reviewer, felt totally safe and comfortable as a solo female traveler. The hotel is in a good location, has a few places to eat right next door and a convenience store on the corner (that was a big plus for me). The staff was very helpful, especially the very sweet elderly gentleman who is responsible for showing guests to their rooms. The actual room was small as expected, but not at all claustrophobic. Granted, the rooms could stand to be updated, but they were VERY clean and that was most important to me. I chose a room with a private bathroom and it was spotless. The only thing was that the water pressure was a bit low, I think because I was on the 8th floor. Anyways, I could deal with that. Next time I'd choose a room with a shared bath though, I never saw anyone using them and they were also extremely clean. You'll save yourself a good $40 bucks a night if you choose that option.	
Aug 13 2007	Great hotel	Fab hotel that wasn't too expensive. As a woman travelling on my own I felt totally safe here too. Recommended.	
Aug 4 2007 	Awesome for the price!!	The hotel isn't your typical kind where you have your own room with a bathroom. There are rooms like that there. However, they cost $40 more than the room without. The hotel is really well run however. There are 2 common bathrooms on each floor. Everyday, at least once a day I saw the cleaning staff cleaning out the bathrooms. Not that they needed it ever. The bathrooms were always spotless!! There is a pedestal sink in the room, however. It was very convenient. The hotel is old. But everything was clean. No dust anywhere. If you're expecting the typical 4- or 5-star hotel out of this great hotel, then you will be sorely disappointed. This isn't the kind of hotel you hang around in and spend the day in shopping inthe lobby. But if you're in NYC to go out and see the sights, then go back to the hotel to sleep only to start it all over again the next day, then this hotel is perfect!! For $100 a night in the heart of NYC, you can't beat Hotel 31 !!!We met some really interesting travelers from the UK, some from SouthAmerica, and other parts of the USA. All were doing the same as us --touring NYC. The hotel is conveniently located between two 6-Line subway stations so it was easy to go uptown or downtown from there. Approximately 3 blocks walk either way. Located at 31st and Lexington, this hotel was within walking distance to some great restaurants and a jazz lounge also. For health nuts, The Pump Restaurant is across the street. Two sushi restaurants literally next door to the hotel. And there is a cafe at the corner (we did not eat there though).The hotel staff was excellent. Greg, the front desk guy, was my favourite. He was always courteous and has the best smile. I arrived at the hotel earlier than my boyfriend so I asked him to help me surprise him. Greg dutifully called me in my room when he checked in and waited until he was out of earshot to ring me. It was perfect! And then when we were checking out, they let us keep our luggage locked up with them until our flight in the evening. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. It is definitelyone that I would recommend to others. As well I would stay there again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Cheap value for money	Hotel 31 is very good value for money. The price we paid was $100 per night which is exceptional value for a mid town hotel.The staff were very accomodating since we were unable to confirm the room on the day as requested on the website. We emailed them before the trip and informed them that we would be arriving very late. The staff were on hand to assist with directions. A good choice of tourist information available in the lobby.The room was small with a bed, table, small T.V, sink and a clothes rail. As we were only staying for 2 nights, this was fine as we only used the room for sleeping. The rooms decor is perhaps a little outdated and dark with striped wall paper but the main thing is that it was very clean and quiet. The bed was made and fresh towels provided. A basic room that perhaps would not be the most comforting after a long day around New York if the stay was longer than just several nights.I was very nervous before the holiday about the idea of sharing a bathroom but it was not too bad. Between about 8 rooms were 2 bathrooms that included a toliet, bath and shower (not separate from bath) The first morning we woke at peak bathroom time so had to wait no longer than about 8 minutes. The second morning both bathrooms were empty. The bathrooms are outdated and probably need some attention now. The taps were a little difficult to figure out but once I adjusted to the correct temperature, it was a good shower. I found the bath a little stained, this is probably due to how old it is rather than just being dirty. Overall, the sharing a bathroom experience was not too bad.Overall, excellent value for money, 10 minute walk to empire state building and Macys. Times square is probably another 15 minutes from there. The metro station is no more than a 3 minute walk and lots of taxis pass by.	
Jul 25 2007 	Small but Comfortable and Clean in a Great Location	Not really knowing what to expect, we were pleasantly surprised by Hotel 31. The building was absolutely charming and the staff was courteous and helpful. One of the things that also helped put us at ease was sharing an elevator with an older couple who had already stayed there for four days and thought it was great. The room was definitely small, but manageable for Manhattan standards. It was comfortable and clean, and the wooden paneling made you feel nostalgic for summer camp. As for the bathroom situation, we never had to wait for one, but we really had to fight with the shower. My husband had a scolding hot shower, but mine seemed fine temperature wise. A little low on the water pressure, but it was a small inconvenience for the location and price. But all in all, we had a decent stay, and would probably stay there again!	
Jul 18 2007 	Decent Hotel at a fair price	We stayed at 6 nights at the Hotel 31 over the July 4th weekend. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised as I did not expect much from this place at average room rate of $113/night. Our room was one with shared bathroom which was cause for some apprehension. But when we arrived early in the morning (7 am), the reception clerk was very accomodating, allowing us to check in early ,and gave us the room key. We had a 6th floor room, with the bathroom right outside. The room was pretty small, about 12 x 15 feet or so if that, but then that I expected, that being NYC and for that price. There was a sink and desk in the room, and the bed was comfortable and clean. The room also had a window AC unit, which worked great (given how hot it was). The shared bathroom was clean and well-maintained. On the day we left, they allowed us to keep our bags in their locked baggage room, for a later pick-up. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay. The loction is really good as it is on 31st Street, between Lexington and Park, and is really close to the Empire State Bldg and 2 blocks from the subway). Limitations were a sort of slow elevator (which is minor in my book), a shower with really low water pressure and fluctuating temps, and no free breakfast. But with really good cafes like Guy and Gallard and Cosi right around the corner, who needs the continental hotel breakfast? I would definitely say the hotel provides a decent stay in the heart of the city for a reasonable price.	
Jul 12 2007	Perfect Little Place!!	My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights and loved it!! Location close to subway and buses and great neighborhood. Little grocery on corner and lots of little places for breakfast and dinner. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Our room was cleaned each day, shared bathroom was always available and always clean. We never heard or even saw people in the halls, and our room was right by the door that opens in to the common elevator hall. We were very comfortable in our room and felt safe even at night coming back at midnight or one am. My daughter is 18 yrs old and even she thought it was great and didn't mind a shared bathroom. Sink in room is great to have.Yes our view was a tiny brick alley and our bed was a double, but it enhanced our New York experince!! The guy at the front desk even printed out our boarding passes for us the night before we left. Stored our luggage,no charge, on our last day so we could roam one last time. The staff always responded promptly to a phone request. We miss our little room and would stay again!! Plus are you in New York to sit in a room or get out and see the city!!! Spend your money on other things and still have a great room at a great price!!!!	
Jul 6 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful!	My partner and I loved this hotel! We were apprehensive about the shared bathrooms, but we never had to wait to use one, and there were two very close to our room. We also had a sink in our room whichis very convenient! The room was small but still perfectly adequate for our needs, we had enough room to lay out both our suitcases and still move around so it was fine.The location was awesome, easy walking distance to Grand Central, Times Square and the Empire State Building and almost anywhere else, depending on what kind of shoes you're wearing! We didn't need to approach the staff aside from checking in and leaving, but from those experiences we found them to be friendly and polite. Hotel 31 is a fantastic option for those on a budget who wanta central location! I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 24 2007 	there are better places....	we (2 couples) just returned from a 5 night stay at hotel 31 and were quite disappointed with the hotel. we were given one room on the 7th floor and one the 8th floor, both booked with a shared bathroom. we knew that the rooms were going to be small but we were surprised to see the difference of the roomsizes depending on where they are located. we spoke to some other guests and it seems that all the rooms near the entrance of each floor are small, the others bigger.room 705 was really tiny, whereas room 810 was ok in space. we had 2 single beds which we moved together in order to have more space towards the door and the wall.it worked out ok, but on the third night i saw a cockroach coming out of the pipe right near to my bedhead, so we decided to ask for another room. they told us that they only had rooms with a private bath left which we accepted for 30 dollars extra. so we moved to the 8th floor. room was ok, bathroom clean. unfortunately we didn't really enjoy our private bath because the toilet was blocked and the shower didn't work twice during the remaining 2 days. when the shower was working you had to be careful because you either burned yourself or water was cold. water pressure was not existent.when i told them at the reception that we basically couldn't use our bathroom, there was no excuse or any proposal for a discount.so overall we will not stay again, although rooms and shared bathrooms are clean and price and location are ok. we'd rather go to the pod hotel where rooms also are small but new and bathrooms have good shower facilities.	
Jun 21 2007 	great hotel great location	I have just come back from a holiday in america that included a 7 night stay at hotel 31. I was a bit nervous about the idea of a shared bathroom before we arrived, but we hardly ever had to wait for the bathroom, and everywhere was clean and tidy. Also the hotel is only about 6 or 7 blocks from the empire state building where you can pick up a great open top bus tour that goes around the whole city.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good value; great location	We wanted to be close to everything but struggled to find somewhere at a reasonable price in midtown. Hotel 31 was everything we needed it to be - reasonable, clean and safe, no hassle, helpful staff. Everything worked and it was just a short walk to bars, restaurants etc. We had planned to get around by Metro, but the cabs were so cheap and plentiful that we used them all the time.Hotel 31 is not even close to luxury, but there are plenty of big hotels where you can get that (if you are prepared to pay). We had breakfast every morning a block and a half away at a brilliant cafe/restaurant.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 13 2007 	Good for the price	Me and my boyfriend stayed at Hotel 31 for 5 nights. We had a room on the 6th floor with a view of the Empire state building which was nice. We had a room with a shared bathroom and it turned out just fine. The 2 bathrooms on the floor were almost always available (at least one of the two on the floor), and clean. We could have gone to the next floor if they would have been occupied but never had to.The room itself was pretty basic, a bed, desk, tv, phone and a sink. It was small but totally enough for the two of us. It was clean so we really can't complain about anything, for the price and location it's a very good value. I can well imagine staying at Hotel 31 again. If you're looking for luxury then you should probably go somewhere else, but if you just need a basic room with a bed and toilet/shower, this is quite enough. Who stays at their hotel room much in NYC anyway?	
Jun 13 2007 	The best value	We stayed at the hotel for a 3 nights at the end of the may. The room and shared bathroom were perfectly clean. There was no line to the bathroom at any time. The room was quiet. The most important thing is the location - perfectly cituated in the heart of manhattan. Walking distance to times square and madison square while only two blocks from subway.The room was very small, especially with three big bags but still it was great considering that we payed only 110$ +tax.	
Jun 8 2007 	Great Value	Stayed here for 6 nights 20th - 26th may, #808 double room private bath. The room was made up and cleaned everyday. No street noise to be heard. Bed was comfy (if the pillows a little hard) !!! Our only problem was the bad water pressure, but i hear thats a problem in NY above the 6th floor anyway. Great view of the EMpire state from the bathroom. And within easy walking distance to all of the sights (about 8 mins walk to Grand central). Great neighbourhood with lots of restaurants &amp; delis. Try the pizza place on the corner - delightful. All in all FANTASTIC value.	
Jun 5 2007 	Decent Hotel for the Price	Pros: Obviously the biggest draw to this hotel is the price. It really is a pretty good deal for the neighborhood. The hotel is close to a lot of attractions and amenities such as the Empire State Building, Times Square, Broadway theatres, subways, decent restaurants, shopping, etc. You can even go to the rooftop for some great views of the Empire State Building. The staff is friendly and helpful.Cons: The rooms are small and cramped and really outdated. I picked up a copy of the hotel's brochure in the lobby and it claims be be newly renovated but I guess that must have been printed back in the 1980's. The wallpaper in our room (#603) was really gross and had a mysterious white stain running down it. The rooms and hallways are very dark and bleak. The shared bathrooms were always fairly clean but the fixtures are extremely outdated and at one point when I was showering the cold water stopped working and wasn't fixed for a couple of days. Overall, I would recommend this room for a short stay. We stayed here 7 nights which was just too long. Our room was overflowing with our purchases and we kept tripping over each other and our belongings.	
May 29 2007	A Budget Hotel that Delivers	My friend and I stayed at Hotel 31 over the Memorial Day weekend for 2 nights in a Double, Shared Bath. We knew what to expect and were pleased overall with the experience. We arrived in the city around 11AM and were able to check into our room right away. On first impression, it's an older building but clean and well-maintained. The elevator is older and requires a pull gate. Our room had a double bed, nightstand, lamp, sink, desk, chair, clock, hairdryer and tv. There is no ironing board or iron. The shared bath was rarely busy and kept pretty clean. The sheets on our bed smelled of bleach (which is always comforting). The towels are rather thin and sparse.There is a window A/C unit and it kept the small room pretty cool. Overall, for the $110 a night we paid for it, it was exactly what we needed. It's located on a residential street, so it was always super quiet and in a VERY safe area. We parked the car on the street a block over on 30th for 3 days and it was free and perfectly fine. It's only 2 blocks from the 33rd and Park Ave subway stop and lots of conveniences around too (Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, Cosi, etc).If you're looking in Manhattan and would rather spend your money on sights and dining, I would recommend crashing here. It's not the Ritz, but it's a clean place to sleep.	
May 20 2007 	Excellent room for the price	We were referred to Hotel 31 via their sister properties website (Hotel 17) and recommendations from friends. We had a double bed w/private bath on the 8th floor for 4 nights. And for the price and location in midtown Manhattan, we were not disappointed. And no worries, the lift, a classic old-school style with a gate you had to draw back to get in, worked properly and quickly. There is also an ice machine on the ground floor.The bed was comfy, yet the pillows a bit too stiff for our tastes; however, the bathroom was clean, we had hot water for our morning shower &amp; warm for right before bed, plenty of towels and space for our clothes. The wallpaper was kooky and the room was unbelievably quiet for NYC. The only negative was the light right outside our window highlighting the tip of the hotel. The room had dark-red mini blinds; however, the room was not as dark as we would have liked during sleep hours. The AC, which cooled perfectly, was typically old and loud, so you needed earplugs for that. I should add where we live (Germany) we don't have AC, so it's probably a noise most Americans are used to.The hotel does not have a restaurant, but it is located between Park &amp; Lexington Aves, so there were plenty of breakfast &amp; dinner places to chose from. Also, it's only 2 blocks from the green line metro, a few blocks from the Empire State Bldg. &amp; you have an unobstructed view of the Chrysler Bldg. from the corner of 31st and Lexington Ave., which at night is lovely! Also, if you arrive into Penn Station, you can save a few bucks on a taxi &amp; walk the 10 minutes eastward on 31st directly to the hotel. And upon departure, the hotel staff ordered us a car to take us to the airport. It's a flat fee of $45 and we had a nice comfy ride.	
May 14 2007 	Cozy and just fine	Stayed over last Thanksgiving weekend, a little late doing the review, but wanted to put a good word in. It was a 'mom and 11-year-old daughter' weekend and we were just fine with it. Kind of reminded me of my college dorm room - twin beds, small, radiator, older dresser, small sink, etc. But we're small and we were hardly ever there, like many people have pointed out, if you want to stay in the room, what are you doing in NYC?  I found the elevator quaint, the place smelled just fine to me (a big deal with me) and our top floor room had a little view of the Empire State Building! Most other guests were young couples, yes we just went down the hall to the bathroom, which was clean and not busy. I found the front desk people perfectly friendly in a NYC way! GREAT area - felt safe - coffee shop on corner was great, convenient deli/market and subway. For the rate it was fine - if you want chain or 4 star, pay the price. I feel like I broadened my daughter's horizons (we had been to NYC before, stayed at the Hilton/Times Square and even she agreed that was just too much money) No issues.	
May 13 2007 	Loved it!!	This place was perfect for my boyfriend and I. We stayed here from May 5th - May 9th and loved NY. The room was size was fine, we got the double bed and private bathroom and it was clean and bug free. The room did not have a iron and ironing board which was a bummer. The room did have a TV with DVD player not that we used it because we were never in the room. The location was great we walked everywhere from Time Square to Central Park. There are food places all around not even counting the food vendors on every corner. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. This was my first trip to NY and it was wonderful.	
May 12 2007 	Great Location Very Good Hotel	Arrived at Midday expecting to dump bags and return for 3pm check in but were checked in straight away! Room was on the 8th floor, opted for a bathroom and the room was quite big and also had air con! My parents were staying at the hotel but had opted for a shared bathroom - they were on the 4th floor room was slightly smaller and no air con - but they did have a view of the empire state building! The shared bathrooms were immaculate and they never had to wait. I also tried out the shared bathroom as the water pressure on the 8th floor was non existent, it was slightly better on the 4th.The location is great, just around the corner from the subway (line 6) everywhere is very easily accessed either by foot or by subway. There is a fab little Italian around the corner - there is a pizza place on the corner with the Italian next door. The Italian is highly recommend .............. fab food! There's also a Deli (anita's) across the road on the corner - it's great for breakfast and for grabbing a few beers at night. It appears to be 24 hours but don't quote me on that (it also delivers). I would definitely return to the Hotel 31 and would probably opt for a shared bathroom as there are 2 bathrooms on each floor and I think 10 rooms per floor. Reception staff were friendly and helpful if called upon.	
May 8 2007 	Good value. good location	A well-located, clean and friendly hotel close to the Empire State Building. Yes, the rooms are small and the flowery wallpaper makes you feel like you're in the middle of a Victorian period drama, but then you're not going to spend all day in your room are you? The friendly staff arranged for us to change room with no problem, and also fixed for us to stay an extra night with ease. You're not going to get better in the area for the price (and, judging by reviews elsewhere on this site, you could do a lot worse).	
May 8 2007	Great budget hotel!	My son and I stayed here from Apr 25th to May 1st, we were really pleased with Hotel 31. Our room, 810, had a great view of the Empire State Building, was very clean,and perfect for us. The shared bathrooms were immaculate, they had some minor plumbing problems when we were there, but never a real problem, for any of the guests, I'm sure. The location could not be better, close to subways and lots of delis. Our favorites were Cosi's and Vezzos. Their lunch specials were the best. All in all, it was a great experience, can't wait to go back, and we will definitely stay here again!	
May 3 2007 	The budget hotel of all budget hotels! - Wouldn't recommend!	Although I didn't have any problems as such, I wouldn't be staying here again. It's good if you're on a tight budget and cannot afford a lot. I stayed here for 1 week, from 19th March and was given a roomon the ground floor for the first night. The room was the smallest room i've ever seen, and could BARELY fit two people in standing up! The view, if that's what you want to call it, was a brick wall - That's it.We moved the next night to the 8th floor, which was a good move - but still this room was awful. There was a sink in the corner with mirror above. The view was ooook I suppose and could clearly see the Empire State Building. In the morning, there were workmen outside on the room drilling and banging etc, but i suppose that's not the hotel's fault.There was 2 bath/shower rooms per floor (10 rooms ish) which were always clean but when you sat on the toilet, you were faced with a wall right in your face which wasn't comfortable!! You also have to wait for the shower/bathroom to become available in the morning, so sometimes it was easier to just go to another floor!Checking out was easy - I suppose that was the best part of my trip to be honest. I certainly wouldn't be going here again, but it's worth paying the extra if you can afford it for a better hotel.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great budget stay very helpful staff	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 days. The shared bathroom (which we had for one night only as I wanted a little more luxury) was very clean and there were two bathrooms for each floor. We switched to an en-suite room which was a quite a bit bigger than the previous room. All essential things were in the room - clean towels, hairdryer etc.Each room had keycards which meant 24 hour access - no curfews! The 24 hour reception is good for late arrivals too, but you do have to tell them if you're going to be checking in after 3pm so they don't reallocate your room.Staff were really friendly and helpful with any queries we had and the hotel was in a good location - close to subway, restaurants, and was about a 15-20 min walk to empire state building.We were very satisfied with our stay and would recommend this hotel to people on a budget that want a clean, hassle free place to stay.	
Apr 8 2007 	Great for the price	Great little place to stay for the price. Its right in Manhattan so it was close to everything. We stayed in room 511 our first 3 nights there. The bed was a little hard and the room was very hot. We left the window open all day and with temperatures around 35 degrees we thought it would cool off the room but it didn't. The window air conditioner didn't help. The tv was small. Despite all of this is was a great place to stay. The room had an amazing view! Looked right at the Empire State building!! Our last night there we had to move to room 403 because the battery in our key card lock died and their maintenance man didn't seem to want to fix it. He let us in our room by key one night and said he would fixit the next day but it never got fixed. So we moved. Room 403 had a more comfortable bed, but a view of a brick wall. Overall excellent place to stay for the money. Never had wait for theshared bath.	
Apr 6 2007 	Loved the wallpaper!	I was a little scared about the rooms after reading some of the reviews, however, upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised! I love the contrasting floral and geo wallpaper prints that reminded me of Grandma's house! The rooms and shared bathroom facilities were spotless- I never had to wait and as soon as I came out, it seemed a cleaner would be straight in.Unfortunately we didn't get a very good view from our window- just a brick wall. This made the room a little dark but we weren't planning on spending that long hanging around in our room.The hotel is in a great area- it's on a quiet street but a short walk to Madison, Broadway, 5th Ave etc and also the subway. A great place to get breakfast is the little Captain's Cafe at 34 32nd St- the portions are very generous and the service is very friendly.I would def stay at Hotel 31 again. It's a bargain for what you get and the staff are also very friendly- they called us a car back to the airport and posted our postcards for us!	
Apr 4 2007 	Great for first time visitors	I stayed with my gf at Hotel 31 march 26-31. The hotel is located close to the subway (line 6 at 33rd St.)Rooms are clean and the staff helpful. We initialy got a room on the 4th floor with no view at all, but there was no broblem changing rooms the second day.Shared facilities are clean, and most of the time you can use them without having to wait for them to get free.A walk around the block revealed several sushi places, the best of them being TOYO sushi (acording to locals). Also the Jaiya thai resturant was very good.If your looking to see new york and don't plan on hanging at the hotel, this is for you.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Little hotel in Midtown!!!	My wife and I stayed here during St. Paddys day weekend. The place is very clean, small rooms, we had a double bed with private bathroom on the 6th floor. Friendly staff, room cleaned and made up daily. Lots of great cafes, restaurants, and a few pubs steps away. Also, the 4 5 6 subway is 1 block up on Lex @ 32nd. If you are jusy looking for a safe place to rest, sleep and shower, and save some $ for doing other things in the city, this is the place for you. I posted a few photos, you can't see the view as the blinds were drawn, but our room faces the south, and we looked onto the courtyards of the surounding buildings, not bad, lots of natural light was able to come in. If you like pamering, big rooms and frills, I would say keep looking. I would stay here again.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great value central location	We stayed at Hotel 31 for four nights from 26/12/06 and found it was great value for money.The hotel is situated on East 31st street, and is within a 10 minute walk of the subway, as well as some of New Yorks attractions including Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building and Macys.Decor in the hotel is dated, and although the rooms are fairly small, they are clean and warm. Rooms have shared bathroom facilities - 2 bathrooms per floor. There was only one occassion when we had to wait to use the bathroom, and this was in a morning at 9am. Our room was on the 7th floor and had a great view of the Empire State Building.There are no facilities for meals in the hotel, however there is a bagel shop round the corner and a coffee shop just down the road which are perfect for breakfast. We probably wouldnt have eaten in the hotel even if there had been a restaurant as there are so many places to eat in NYC.As we were only in New York for a short period of time, and wanted to see and do as much as possible, we didnt spend that much time in the hotel. We simply needed a hotel to sleep in. We plan to return to New York in the future and would stay at Hotel 31 again.	
Mar 11 2007 	Fab-U-lous	i was a tad nervous about staying at this hotel after some of the reviews i had read before hand. i had no problem checking in, and getting to our room. the elevator is tad small (older style with link door) but that just added to the feel to the hotel! the room are small as well. but enough rooms to keep your suitcase in, and freshen up throughout the day (you dont want to be in a hotel all day in new york city anyways!). there is a sink and a mirror in the room, as well as a tv. i also sneaked wireless internet off a neighbouring building *haha* also the SHARED washroom wasnt bad. clean showers, never waited to use one of the 2 washrooms on the floo. overall fabulous stay from feb. 10-13th, and would definitely stay again.	
Mar 6 2007	Great cheap hotel	We chose the hotel based on the already excellent reviews on this website, and were not disappointed. The rooms and common bathrooms are very clean, the staff very friendly, and the rooms are good for the price.A small tip nonetheless: if you're going for the cheapest rooms (one bed, shared bathroom), ask for a room above the 4th floor. Up to the 4th floor, the windows open on a close wall, so there isn't much of a view (although there is still enough light).	
Mar 1 2007	what a bargain!	My boyfriend and myself stayed here in November 06, we had a four night stay in New York. THe hotel is easy to find, We flew in from JFK and the cab driver knew straight away where the hotel was situated. The reception area is quite small but fine, staff very friendly and helpful, lots of tourist info and coupons etc in the lobby. A tiny lift in the lobby but perfectly servicable, we were on the 3rd floor. Room was quite small but very clean and neat, decor was typical hotel, striped wallpaper, burgundy carpet but hey, havent come here to look at wallpaper. TV, phone in room, air con worked perfectly, not too noisy. Bathroom nice, tiled all over and good shower. Hotel situated close to all the attractions and felt safe at night also, felt safer in new york than my home town after eight o clock, ha ha. Would definatley return to Hotel 31and probably will.	
Feb 25 2007 	great find	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in February with my girlfriend. Found the hotel through Expedia. Booking through expedia meant BIG savings when combining flights as well as hotel.The hotel firstly is located very centrally. A Block or 2 from the Subway made it very easy to find. Any local train on the 4,5 or 6 lines will get you there. The hotel itself is in a nice area, felt very safe. Nearby in a local shop that sells all the normal junk food and some great cakes.The reception is always staffed which is handy as well as being safe. The people that work there were always very helpful and even booked us the taxi (car) for the way back to the airport. The lift to the room was a strange affair. You need to open the door to get in and open the Iron Gate. As soon as you close the outside door the Iron Gate will close itself. When you get out you need to open both but the Iron Gate will stay open itself until the outside door is closed.The room was booked as a en-suit double room. It actually had a single bed in there too, didn’t make any difference. The room was clean and actually pretty big. The restroom in there featured a shower that was fine; it was over the bath, which was made for fat short people. We had a little problem with the toilet not filling up, but I solved the problem but I’m sure the reception would have done if I hadn’t.The hotel has 8 floors. Only 20% of the rooms have their own restroom. Most are shared facilities. Make sure you ask for a room with a view, as you’re close to the Empire so you might get some great views. While I stayed here it was very cold but the heater in the room served it purpose so I never needed the extra covers providedThe room was cleaned daily, (make sure you leave them a tip), and simply can’t fault anything in the room. I measure quality against price. For Manhattan it’s cheap. I was expecting it to be very average – but was happily surprised. I would happily stay here in my next visit.	
Feb 16 2007	Watch out for the beasties!	4 Girls stayed at hotel 31 on the 9th of feb 07, The rooms were exceptionally clean and the bathroom immaculate!We had a quad room with ensuite and it suited us fine, alittle on the small side but great value.Our only complaint was the 3 unwelcome visitors we had in our room! They were only small cockroaches so we didnt really care, we did ask at reception if they could remove them and they said they ' would ask them to leave!!' Then there was the perv down the hall who decided to offer his services to us!! ewwwwwKeep an eye out for Ziggy, he will not take no for an answer! He tried to squeeze 5 adults and 4 suit cases in the elevator! trust me when you see it you will laugh alot! needless to say we walked the 4 flights.On the whole the location is fab! oh and Angies Deli on the corner delivers free!! who needs room service when you have that, they were more than happy to deliver 4 coffees whenever we liked! (just check your change! lol)I would go back to hotel 31 if i was on a budget. Its a great location, just a short walk from all attractions. Cocktails at The View are a must! very 'Sex in the city'!!	
Feb 14 2007 	Perfect Location!	Hotel 31 is perfect for the traveller with a small budget. We stayed here for 5 nights. The bathrooms down the hall were always very clean, and we never had to wait for a long time to use them. The room temperature was okay. Hotel 31 is situated in the hart of Manhattan and nearby the Empire State Building, Bryant Park and Union Square. For breakfast you won't have to look very far, because at approx. 30 meters you'll find two good restaurants (Cosi and Guy &amp; Gallard, Try the French Toast at Guy &amp; Gallard!!)We loved it, and I certainly would go to this hotel again.	
Feb 12 2007 	Hotel 31 - budget bargain!	Ok, you've no doubt read a lot of the other reviews and as you can see they all state that Hotel 31 is;SmallQuirkyComfortableNow there are also a lot of bad reviews and, I have to say, I disagree with all of them! The rat/mouse issue - I saw no evidence of mice (and certainly no evidence of rats) and having stayed at my boyfriends flat for a year which was infested with mice, I think I'd know what I was looking for = S Our room was very small with barely any room to hang our clothes, or certainly not all of them - but this wasn't a problem in the least! When you're not out shopping or seeing the sights then all you want to do it slob out on your bed and watch a bit of tv! Our towels were replenished daily, there are two bathrooms on each floor and during my weeks stay I found the bathroom which I most frequently used was occupied. Not a problem - I walked across the hallway and used the other! And had that been occupied I could have simply gone to another floor! Also, I noticed that the bathrooms were regularly cleaned. I don't know how because I didn't see anyone but I noticed that soon after I had showered the bath had been cleaned and the bathroom set back to how it originally looked - I was very impressed!When we stayed in New York the weather was stuffy but I have to say, and I really am being honest, our room was not! In fact one night I found myself shivering as we had the air conditioning (Or window fan thing) on too cold! There is a fantastic deli close by - coming out of the hotel you cross the road, go right and then turn the corner (or at least thats how I remember it) Here you can buy a bagel and a coffee for some ridiculous price like $1.50! I used to wake up excited to get breakfast!!!!Now it is possible to walk to Times Square (it takes about 15 minutes) but to get to places such as The Bronx Zoo, WTC and many other sites then it is advisable to buy a weekly subway ticket! I did this and it was the best thing I could have done! You may think at the beginning of the day that you can walk everywhere but once you're halfway through you're day and you're exhausted you're going to be grateful for your subway ticket! (Although you have to be brave if you're like me - the subway was confising and altogether a tad scary - I can only thank my boyfriend for me not ending up somehwere across the other side of the state)Ok so basically - if you're used to luxury and can't go without your space, hundreds of television channels and a little chocolate on your pillow awaiting you every evening then this is definatley not for you!However if you, like me, are looking for somewhere clean, safe and comfortable to sleep when you visit the big apple then this is for you. And within walking distance from the Empire State and a couple of blocks from the subway station you really can't go wrong!	
Feb 12 2007	Best Bargain Hotel in New York	What a find! The hotel is in a great Midtwon location with bothe the Empire State Building and Macy*s just a short walk away, as well as 33rd St subway station. The reception staff were very friendly and knowleadgeable. The room was a bit on the small side, but had all the mod cons: TV, air-con, phone, sink, towels, little shampoos, etc. I was a bit concerned about the shared bathroom, but was positively surprised. It was exceptionally clean and I didn't have to wait not once. There's a Food Emporium supermarket and a beautiful diner, Moonstruck Diner, just one block away towards the East River. The little corner shop nearby sells cheap intl phonecards which you can use free of charge from the phones in the hotel room. If I return to New York, I will definitely stay there again. I've stayed in far worse places in the city at a way higher price. Well done, Hotel 31, full marks!	
Jan 21 2007 	A great budget hotel	My Mum and I stayed at the Hotel 31 from the 29 November for 4 nights. We had a double room with a shared bathroom. Before leaving we were worried about the shared bathroom but I can assure you it was not a problem. Everytime I used the bathroom it was spotless. Also, the room had a sink which was really useful.On our first night we discovered our sink was leaking. We reported this to reception in the morning and we didn't even have to ask to move rooms, the receptionist telephoned the porter and asked him to move our luggage to a new room. When we returned from shopping we were given a key for our new room. We found the staff very friendly and helpful.If you like fancy furniture etc this hotel is not for you. However, if like us you just want somewhere to rest your head in between shopping then this hotel is perfect. We decided we would rather stay at a budget hotel and have more money for shopping!Great location also.	
Jan 12 2007 	A fantastic stay	This budget hotel was perfect for us. We were three girls who had a double room (which was a bit of a squeeze) but for the price we paid it was great. There is an old fashioned lift and we also chose rooms which had shared bathrooms which were clean and rarely in use. The best part of this place is the location. We could see the Empire State from our window and we only had to walk a block to get to the subway. Definately worth it!	
Jan 8 2007 	Very Basic	We opted to stay at hotel 31 as it was the cheapest by miles compared to lots of other places that had increased their prices for New Year. However at around $130 per night it was a lot of money for what you get. We had a tiny room that barely fitted a double ( creaking) bed. The Decor is dark and dated and the whole place is very old fashioned and gloomy. We overlooked a concrete wall and had a bathroom half way down the corridor. However on the plus side we weren't there that much, the bathroom was always free and the location was great. But although the staff were always hoovering the place it still felt dirty and the bed was very old and lumpy. As long as you are prepared for a very basic place to crash then its fine but I won't be going back.	
Jan 6 2007 	Good budget hotel in NYC	I travelled to Hotel 31 as part of a party of 4 adults staying in a 2 x double bed room with en-suite bathroom. Having read some of the reviews on this website I have to admit I had some hesitations after booking this hotel. I need not have worried! After a long day travelling we were swiftly checked in and directed to our room on the sixth floor. As many of the other reviews have indicated the lift was an interesting experience but added to the character of the place. We managed to get 4 adults and 5 suitcases up in two runs so the lift isn't extremely tiny. The bedroom and bathroom were very clean. Although the wardrobe space was probably more suitable for 1 or 2 people we were okay with living out of our suitcases for a week. ( when you're in New York you don't spend much time in your room anyway!) We had a nosey around the shared bathrooms and these also seemed to be very clean and well-maintained. The maid service was in every day and was very good. The location of the hotel is excellent. Five minutes walk from Empire State, Macy's and Madison Square Gardens. Time's Square is about 10-15 mins walk. We got a taxi back from Broadway which cost about $10 including tip and the higher night tarriff. If you are arriving late or just fancy a snack, I would thoroughly recommend the deli at the end of the street at Lexington Ave. It's open 24 hours and the staff are lovely. Hotel 31 is an excellent budget hotel. If you are looking for luxury and plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel, this isn't for you. If, however, you are looking for somewhere clean, comfortable and cheap, then I wouldn't hesitate in booking this hotel.	
Jan 5 2007 	Clean good value and location	We stayed here for four nights over the New Year period - an expensive time to be staying in NYC. This hotel was good value compared to similar hotels in its league - 15min walk from time square. A very clean hotel - bathroom was always immaculate when I used it and we were sharing with other people on our floor. I lost my bag in a taxi when I was there and the staff couldnt have been more helpful.	
Jan 5 2007	Great stay!	We stayed a few nights in this hotel in New York last May. We read all the good reports on Tripadvisor and we have to say it's true. It's a great hotel and cheap compared to many others. We had a room with a shared bathroom and that was not a problem at all. The bathroom was next to our room, very clean and was almost never taken, so it felt like our own bathroom anyhow. The room with a double bed was not very big, but newly decorated, clean and comfortable. And the hotel is really centrally located, so we think it's a really good stay for a cheap price!	
Jan 4 2007 	Amazing Location Unhelpful Staff	We stayed at Hotel 31 for 5 nights. The location was amazing. We bought a train ticket thinking we would need transport to take us places, but we ended up being able to walk everywhere because we were so central. The hotel room was very warm, so we had to sleep with the window open, but it was fine, there was never any noise outside, so we got a great nights sleep.The hotel room was extremely small, but it was clean, and the shared bathroom was fine, we never had to wait and it was always cleaned before we used it.The only negative is that the staff were hopeless, they were unable to give us directions to places, or even the opening time to the statue of liberty (the first boat leaves at 9:30am!). They also refused to call us a shuttle to take us to the airport at the end of our stay- they made us pay for the call. We had to go to other hotels to get directions.So, if you don't require any tourist assistance, but want to stay in an awesome location, this is a great hotel.	
Dec 30 2006 	GREAT DEAL for budget hotel in NYC	my family and i booked a 4-person two double bed room with private bath for our stay in nyc and our stay was quite pleasant.for the price charged ($150 plus tax and $3.50 staying charge), it was a really good deal b/c we got clean beds, towels, and some soap, private bath, private tv, and the LOCATION is great...it was close to everything, we could easily walk to the major attractions...for locations further away, we took the number 6 train and it goes literally up and down nyc...it was great...would def stay again for a cheap trip...	
Dec 20 2006 	like at home	This is the sister hotel of hotel 17, the room interior are quite similar to the original, it; very clean und extremely comfortable.The staff is nice and helpful.The neighborhood is not as stunning as of hotel 17,but it'very safe and right smack in the middle of everything.It's a great deal, so make reservations really early.	
Dec 9 2006 	Great Hotel Great Price Our Little Secret	Sorry it has taken me so long to get this to you. This was our first time to New York, we were staying a few days before our cruise. Being on a budget I research everywhere and found a gem in Hotel 31. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. There were 3 of us my 75 yr. old auntie, 48 yr. old cousin and myself 51 yrs. old. We are all single ladies. We did a double bed with our own bath. The room was VERY clean. It was REALLY nice and the building has the old charm but very clean. We were on the 6th floor so there was no noise problem. Air conditioner worked great, water pressure fine, plenty of ice. The front desk was very freindly, helpful and nice. There are several restaurants within a few block radius and a deli on the corner. The Empire State Building was within walking distance but to get a cab it was easier to walk a half a block to the busier street. The elevator is the old kind with the gate and then the door and kinda small. We had to make 2 trips with us and our suitcases. We had a wonderful time and felt very safe and comfortable at this hotel. Enjoy!	
Dec 7 2006 	Room with a view in a great hotel!	Hotel 31 was fabulous!! I had a nightmare beforehand trying to find somewhere cheap, in a good location and where the reviews were good (it appears there are some awful hotels in NYC). This was the only one i found and we were not disappointed. The decor is a little random but that's the only negative thing i could possibly think to say. The room was great, the staff really friendly and helpful, beds made and new towels given everyday. Bathrooms were really clean! Plus, i had an amazing view of the Empire State Building from my window! I'd recommend this to anyone looking for cheap but nice accomodation in the heart of Manhattan. Oh and go to the Cafe at the top of the road for breakfast - awesome food at minimal expense! When can i return?!? :)	
Dec 6 2006 	Great Hotel	I would definitely recommend Hotel 31 for those staying in New York on a limited budget. OK, maybe not 5* &amp; the decoration was not quite to my taste, but it was clean, the bed was comfortable, staff were friendly &amp; helpful &amp; it is just 10 mins walk from the Empire State Building. We had a double room with en-suite on the 8th floor, at the front of the hotel. There was a bit of traffic noise at night, but that is pretty unavoidable in New York &amp; it didn't disturb our sleep! The hotel does not have a restaurant, but the 'Murray Hill Diner' on 34th St., is just 5 mins walk &amp; is the place to go for a great breakfast!	
Dec 4 2006 	You get what you pay for	We have just arrived home after our trip to NYC where we stayed at Hotel 31 from 30 november to the third of December. We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. We had some concerns regarding that some people have said that the hotel had lost their reservations so we confirmed twice before we left and we had our room with private room when we arrived. The staff were really nice and the maid did a good job with our room which was small but really functionable(we weren´t there that much). The only thing that wasn´t up to standard was the bed which croaked everytime you turned. If you want luxury stay away from this place but if you want a cheap, decent hotel in a good location(5 min to Empire St. and 15 min to Penn st.) we can really recommend this hotel.A restaurant tip is Trattoria Bellvedere around the corner from the hotel at Lexington Av. Nice atmosphere, great staff and good food.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great value for money	After reading all of the reviews on here, must admit we were a little apprehensive but our stay at Hotel 31 worked out very well. We stayed for a week and although we were given a really poor room to begin with, the staff allowed us to swop to another which was much better. We opted for a shared bathroom which is definately the best choice if your on a budget as they were very clean and you never have to wait to use them. There were definately no mice or strange smells in the corridor, although i must admit the lift was very ancient!! The best thing about Hotel 31 is definately the location with Times Square been 10 minutes walk away, Empire State not even 5 minutes away and really well situated for the subway. We went to Cosi bread most mornings for breakfast which was really good quality food and really cheap. We went to Vezzo Italian on the corner by the Hotel which was great food and really good value for money. After reading lots of complaints about the hotel and actually visiting it i would just advise the people who just want to see NYC and have a clean, safe and comftable room to return to - this is the place for you and what a bargin!!! The decorations in the Hotel are a bit old fashioned but so what!!? I think we would definately return to Hotel 31, i do not think you can get better value for money in NYC!!!	
Dec 1 2006 	Great for budget travellers	I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a hotel in a great location (short walk to the Empire State Building, very close to Subway on 33rd St). The room was fine - we didn't spend much time in it as there's so much do do in New York. I had no problem with the shared bathrooms - always clean and I only had to wait once for the bathroom in a week. The hotel has a luggage store.	
Dec 1 2006 	The Untold Truth	We arrived in this hotel on 17th of november for 2 nights. It has an old look to it and is basic with shared bathroom. This was the uncertain point when we booked it- it was at very last minute. for what it is its not cheap but hey u're in new york!!!overall i'd say good hotel, no marks no rats, no litter, and them shared bathrooms- very clean- canot fault that- and we never had to wait for them to be empty. staff were good and helpfulthey did try to pull a fast one on the following friday- by telling us that the rooms were fully taken- they arranged another hotel on 17th street- but we wanted to be closer to times square, so we adamnaty stayed- overall a nice experience with no trouble- i would stay again.	
Nov 27 2006	Great Budget Hotel -Value for money	This is a great cheap hotel, in a very good location. We stayed here for one week and the room although small was very comfortable and cosy. We stayed in Nov so it was quite cold, but our room was always nice and warm as the heating was kept on. Shared bathroom was always clean, however on a couple of occasions we did have to wait to use it in the morning. The room had a small TV showing all new movies so you won’t get bored if you just want to chill in your room one evening. Hotel staff were all very polite and helpful. There is also facility to leave your luggage if your flight is not till later on in the evening. The surrounding area has some nice coffee shops and restaurants and if you are looking for Halal food then this is where you want to stay as there are quite a few halal restaurants within 5/10 min walking distance from the hotel. We would definitely recommend hotel 31 for those who don’t want to spend loads of money on a hotel but still want to have some comfort and clean facilities.	
Nov 18 2006 	Great for the Budget Traveller	Hotel 31 is situated right in the heart of Manhattan, just a few blocks away from the Empire State Building, 5th Ave and Grand Central Station. The hotel has great character, pretty old building with old style lift. The rooms are small, very basic but adequate for those who don't intend to spend that much time in their hotel. The shared bathrooms are kept very clean, and are almost always empty. We had no problems with this hotel. Staff were nice. The rooms are kept clean and beds are comfortable. Nice hotel for travellers on a budget. Near to some nice restaurants, Murray Hill Diner on Lexington is good for breakfast.	
Oct 11 2006 	It worked out ok	Since the reviews here were mixed, I had a little nervousness about our stay here, and at the sister Hotel 17. First, no close encounters with any unwanted creatures, but then again I had been warned not to bring doughnuts by one of the scary reviews. The neighborhood is super delightful, where you might like to live if you could. The coffee shop at the corner is recommended (which one? there are restaurants on 4 or more corners nearby...don't sweat it, the desk clerk can point it out), subway nearby,cabs are everywhere, quiet room for NY, shared bath not a problem. Now a word about shared bath hotels, most US citizens won't do them, many guests here were European and/or young, and that's a shame. Sure it could have been a problem if the hotel was full which it might have been for all I know, but I never had a problem accessing the bathroom and shower. Good shower-second floor. I give the towels poor marks; someone said postage stamp size. If things like towel size are decision makers for you, you are going to need to spend $300 or so a night for an adequate room in NY-my sister was staying at the Intercontinental Barclay-she called it just adequate but I thought it was quite lovely.My partner actually liked the dark old fashioned decor at Hotel 31, but he wants to live the life of a jazz singer. I thought it was acceptable for NYC. The most serious drawback was the length of the bed, and I'm used to my feet hanging out. Just hope you're not Dutch. I slept kind of curled up and I had no problem sleeping. After all you're going to be super busy and worn out because there is so much to do in NY. Which brings me to the best part, the price, which was USD 100 plus taxes paid in advance (probably a good idea to do that).	
Oct 9 2006 	You will not be disappointed staying at this property.	Having read some of the reviews on New York accomodation I could not believe how good the apartment was. Location on 31 st street at 5th avenue was perfect just along from Penn station. It was immaculate inside and spotlessly clean. We looked out the lounge window and we were right next to the Empire state building. I could not fault this property. Great value, well equipted and excellent location. If you are going to New York book here and you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 5 2006 	Brilliant would reccomend to anyone on a budget	My grilfriend and I booked to stay at the hotel from 1st September untill the 8th and we found that the hotel had everything that a young sight seeing couple on a budget could ever need. True the rooms at the hotel are quite small but who is ever in their room that long when there is an amazing city outside to go and explore. The location is amazing with it being a 2minute walk to the nearest subway station an only a 5 minute walk to the amazing empire state building. The hotel is old but it is clean and there was certainly no sign of mice or rats while we stayed there. In all who could ask for anymore for the price. A deffinate two thumbs up.	
Oct 3 2006 	Stay if you want a bargain not luxury	Lets be honest this is not the most luxurious hotel you will ever stay in but for the price it is a bargain. The location is excellent 10 mins walk to Empire State (which we had a superb view from our room (811)), Central Station &amp; 15 mins walk to Times Square. There is a subway station 5 mins away that takes you to Central Park, Greenwhich Village &amp; the Staton Island Ferry. The decore is in need of an update but it was clean (rooms cleaned daily) &amp; safe. Our room was not large but not the size of a cupboard we were expecting. The shared bathroom was not an issue as it was always available &amp; clean. The only issue we had was the noise of the in room air con. However as the noise was constant you got use to it &amp; it drowned out the noise of New York street life. Overall we would recommend the hotel, if your not looking for a romantic &amp; luxurious setting. We will defo stay there again if we return to NYC.	
Oct 2 2006 	Value for money at great location	If you want somwhere to stay in Manhattan that won't break the bank and is within walking distance of the Empire State, Times Square and Broadway - this is the place to stay. The only downside is that not all rooms are ensuite - but the upside is that the shared bathrooms on each floor were scrupulously clean and other visitors are aware that time is of the essence and tend to spend only short periods in them. During the 3 day stay I had there I never had to wait more than 5 mins for a bathroom. The location is excellent and within walking distance of most attractions. Don't be fooled, the hotel isn't luxurious, but its clean and tidy and in a good state of repair. I will be recommending it to anyone who asks.	
Sep 22 2006 	Horrible Hotel with rats	I came in from Florida and I was meeting my sister and her two children from California in New York City and we had booked a room at Hotel31 on 31st Street. As soon as we arrived on the 13th of Sept we knew that this was not the place for us. It was dirty and very errie so when we got to our room we tried to book another hotel room somewhere else. We could not find anything at such short notice so we decided to make the best of it for our 4 day stay. On Friday night, while laying in bed we heard a rustling of paper but did not think to much of it at the time. The next evening my sister was going through her suitcase and found rat droppings and the cookies, crackers and rolls that she had purchased and put in her suitcase had little teeth marks in them and the wrappers were shredded and one bag had chew mark holes in them. We were mortified that a rat got into her suitcase. The night clerk told us we would get $20 for the loss of food and he put us in another room that had wallpaper coming off the wall and stains on the carpet. But what was more upsetting was when we put the tv on and there was pornography showing on tv!! We could not believe it! I wasin tears and the clerk told me that is what is on the tv. The day clerk was just as unprofessional and seemed to not care about the situation. He did say that the manager would call me but he never did. I asked twice again for the manager to call me but I never received a call. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and I would not stay there even if it was for free!	
Sep 18 2006 	Excellent Hotel - Will definitely stay here again!!!	My then fiancee and I stayed in this hotel 7th-14th September 2006. I say then fiancee because we got married while we in New York! I must say I was slightly concerned before arrival as we had booked the hotel long before the wedding and I didn't know what this would be like as a wedding/honeymoon hotel and obviously was a little concerned about having to share a bathroom and whether it would be constantly engaged, dirty, etc.On our arrival the hotel staff were extremely helpful and instantly made us feel like valued guests and when we went up to our room we were pleasantly surprised to find the room a lot bigger than we expected, exceptionally clean and tastefully decorated. We were next door to a shared bathroom, which meant it was almost like having our own bathroom anyway but the walls were thick enough that we didn't hear people using it! It was extremely clean and was cleaned regularly and was never busy, I only had to wait once to use it in 7 days for about 2 minutes! I really cannot stress enough how clean these bathrooms were! All in all, a fantastic hotel for the money in a superb location and with staff which were always keen to help, promptly and were friendly with it at all times. We are already looking at booking this hotel again for next year when we come to NYC for our anniversary and if it's available then this is where we'll stop. This is my 3rd visit to New York City and have visited many hotels, unless you pay a fortune I doubt you'll find one better!	
Sep 5 2006 	very very good for the price	I went there for 3 nights with my girlfriend and really enjoyed our stay ! We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom, wich is shared by only one other room. I booked using hostelbookers (297$US for 3 nights) and everything was ok, no problem, no booking mistake. The rooms are very small and intimate. Small sink, small tv, everything is small but quite cute ! The room was very clean, the maid came everyday and we never saw her. The bathroom was also cleaned very oftenly, I never got in a dirty shower. No bugs, no dirt, nothing wrong.The conditionning air is very noisy but worked fine. There is no kind of free breakfast in this hotel, and I'm not sure that there's an internet access. It is not a place where you'll hang around and where you'll do activities. If you just go there to take a shower and sleep, its very great. It is situated in a very safe burrough of Manhattan and its close to everything by walk : 8 minutes from Time Square, 3 streets from Empire State Building...There is no better deal in Manhattan, be sure of it, if you're in a budget.	
Aug 27 2006 	Excellent value for money; great location	We have just spent 3 nights at Hotel 31 (2 adults and 2 teenagers) and we loved staying there because this was exactly what we were looking for: a clean, quiet, comfortable and affordable hotel in Midtown . There are lots of attractions, shops and restaurants nearby; besides the staff is very helpful ( they booked a cab to Newark airport for us on our last day) and there is a free left luggage room, which is very convenient; I would recommend this place to travellers who prefer spending their dollars on visits and shopping rather than lodging.If we have another opportunity to go to NY we'll definitely choose to stay at hotel 31 again.	
Aug 20 2006 	Beware of Hotel 31	Hotel 31 is a horrible hotel please stay away !!! Hotel 31 did not honor my reservation that I made with hotel(--). I arrived at the hotel around 2:00 am the front desk agent said I am sorry your name is not on the list so find another hotel but you can leave your bags. I had to walk 5 block to find another hotel in Midtown Manhattan.	
Aug 8 2006	Brilliant!	Me and a friend booked a stay at Hotel 31after reading it's reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not dissapointed! When we first arrived we were actually earlier than the requested 3pm check in but they let us in anyway! We got up to our room on the top floor and found it was a little small on first inspection but we later found it was perfect for what we wanted! It had a sink and TV and the very important air con! We found the bathrooms fine and never really had to wait. Overall, Hotel 31 is a brilliant Hotel if you want to save your money for shopping and flights and need a location that is near is to EVERYTHING!	
Aug 3 2006 	Really cozy and comfortable	We found Hotel 31 totally comfortable in everyway. The bathroom was right beside our room and always available. The halls and elevator were cozy and full of character. The front desk staff were totally friendly and helpfull. We were there during a heat wave, so loved our little cold room to return to after walking in the heat. You have to be okay with tight spaces, otherwise it was really nice especially for the price. Would stay again if looking for a clean, safe casual, no frills room in NYC.	
Jul 20 2006 	A great stay.	Service - friendly especially for NYC!Rooms - decent sized, modern, clean and comfortable (ask to see a room first!)Overall - great value - one of NYCs cheaper hotels in a great location, lovely rooms, nice people.Highly recommended.	
Jul 15 2006	A bargain	Positive: It's clean, the location is perfect, the neighborhood is alright, staff is helpful and it really is a bargain.Negative: The shared shower and toilet is not a solution you should go for if you're planning to stay for more than a day or two. Really. Don't. Rooms are small, but I guess they're not the smallest you'll find on Manhattan.	
Jul 7 2006	What a bargain!	Hotel 31 is a ridiculously cheap and cheerful bargain in the heart of Midtown Manhattan.We stayed twice during our tour of the States this summer and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay both times. The rooms we were given were clean and comfortable; you'd never tell how little we had paid for our stay from the quality of the rooms. Each room has air conditioning, which is essential during a muggy New York summer, a TV with full cable, plus a sink and hairdryer. I know a lot of people might be put off by the shared bathroom aspect of the hotel, but please do not be; they were always clean and tidy, and we rarely had to wait to use the bathroom in the morning. If we did have to wait, it was only for a few minutes.The location of the hotel is excellent; there is a subway literally around the corner (33rd and Lexington on the green line), which takes you downtown into Greenwich Village, Grand Central station, Chinatown or the Brooklyn Bridge or uptown into the museum district, upper east side and Central Park. Times Square and Grand Central, plus the Empire State, Chrysler Building, Flat Iron Building, Bryant Park, the NY Public Library and United Nations are all an easy walk away if you don't want to take the subway.Plus, at the end of the street on Lexington, there is an excellent pizzeria called Vezzo's that serves lunch and dinner for a ridiculously cheap price.If you're coming to New York to see the sights, do some shopping and generally soak up the atmosphere, then you don't need a luxury four star place to stay. All you're going to do is sleep there, so why shell out when you can save your money for shopping and still stay in a lovely hotel in a great location? Hotel 31 was just perfect for us, and if we ever go back, we'll be staying there again. We're definitely recommending it to all of our friends.	
Jul 7 2006	Had a great time	Took my boyfriend to New York as it was his first time in the States and wanted him to experience the America he'd always dreamed about. We were on a budget and I chose this hotel based on the reviews on the site and ws very pleased with the hotel. When we first arrived, we came in at 5am, and I thought we could check in, but all rooms were full until 3pm! So we ended up walking around the area (the hotel is in an excellent location, and very close to the Park and 33st station, and even to Penn Station) and doing lots of touristy things to pass time.After checking in, we tried the elevator for the novelty factor, but ended up being too cumbersome so we just used the stairs as we were on the second floor. We were not surprised by the size of the room; the two of us could put in all our luggage and other items and have plenty of room to move around. We didn't have a view in our window, which was fine because after our 5am excursion, sleep was the only thing on our minds and we didn't want anything to keep us awake! The AC ws very handy, as it was very humid in NYC. It was always nice to come back to a cleaned and cool room.The hotel is in a very nice area- not so far away is the Empire State Building, across the street from a laundromat, many restaurants (our favorite was Todai, an all you can eat Japanese restaurant located on 6 E 32 st), 2 streets down from the Garment District, a 99 cent store/bargain store, and Manhattan Mall. 33st/Park is easily accesible from the hotel and a taxi ride to Penn Station cost us 4.50$ If you need ideas of what to do on your trip, the lobby, although small, has tons of brochures available and you can even pick up the New York City Guide Book on the reception desk- it has several seperate free maps of the city and the bus and subway system.As with the other reviews, we had no trouble with the shared bathrooms. We rarely saw the other guests, but late one night there was a really strange (and vugar!) shouting match going on down the hall, but we never experienced that again.Overall, we had a great time in New York and I'm extremely pleased that the quality and location of the hotel could add to our NYC experience.	
Jul 6 2006	Caution Reservation not honoured	Had previously stayed at a sister property Hotel 17 and found it to be adequate we decided to be a little closer to the action and booked Hotel 31 through Travelocity. We planned to stay over the Easter long weekend and were traveling in from Washington DC.A representative from Travelocity had phoned us the day before telling us there was a problem with the reservation so we called them back and were told everything was fine they had called the hotel and the reservation was there. We arrived at the hotel about noon and gave them our name and booking number only to be told the reservation would not be honoured because they were &quot;sold out&quot;. We booked this reservation more than two months in advance and guaranteed it with a credit card number and received a confirmation #. Had we not shown up we were told the credit card would have been charged the first nights stay because it was &quot;guaranteed&quot;. After talking to the Hotel 31 manager we were told there were no rooms available all weekend but that we could have a room at Hotel 17 for the night and then &quot;were on our own&quot;. He said he was only honouring reservations that were prepaid because he would be responsible for paying for alternate accommodations if he didn't. Apparently having a credit card guarantee and confirmation number was not sufficient for him. We then phoned Travelocity who told us they &quot;couldn't believe the reservation wasn't being honoured&quot; because we had a confirmation number and gave the manager our cell phone to talk to the Travelocity representative. They went back and forth arguing for about 10 minutes at which point he gave the cell phone back. He said he &quot;didn't care if Travelocity dropped him and... there must be another hotel room in New York somewhere&quot;. We left for Hotel 17 and when we got there were again told we could only have 1 night and would then be on our own. We asked if there were any hotels in the area and were told we could &quot;go for a walk and see&quot;. This was Easter Long Weekend and of course anything good and/or well priced was long gone so we worked with Travelocity to find a place at more then double the cost but just to continue our vacation. As a result Travelocity has filed a claim against this Hotel chain and dropped them for their system. We were lucky because we arrived early and could find something else but this happened to 13 other people that same day the manager claimed. Obviously this is a common practice to overbook and hope everyone doesn't show up but it's not like you can just catch the next flight! There is no room you are on the street! I wouldn't take the risk of getting bumped and would book a reputable chain in the future just to save the hastle and time spent dealing with Hotel31/17 staff. The manager at Hotel 31 was rude, arrogant and completely unhelpful and I can't believe his cavalier attitude to reservations! Never thought this would happen to me but it does take away from a relaxing vacation!	
Jul 3 2006	Hotel Good Value but would pay a little more for something else next time.	I went to New York with my Aunt as a gift for her fortieth, and we chose Hotel 31 due to the good reviews and it price. The location of this Hotel is second to none, 4 blocks away from the Empire State building and Macy's and many more attractions. In fact pretty much everthing is within walking distance, which I have got to say is definetly the main draw to this hotel. Checking in took all of 2 minutes and we then went up to our room, this can be difficult if like me you have a giant case as the elevator is very small; but we managed to squeeze in ok. The room we first had was a double room, not a big drama, but we would have preferred a twim room, we went down to ask if there were any twin rooms available, but there wasn't any that night. However in the morning we asked again and for only another 30 dollars we were moved. The first room was very small for a double and both were perhaps a bit dated, and from both rooms there was no view and no daylight fom the windows. We had to have a light on the whole time we were in the room, not a big problem though as we were not often in the room. Both rooms had air conditioning which you will need as the humidity was unreal. Maids came daily and changed the towels and made the beds. The shared bathrooms are fine and always clean. One main detterant to revisiting this hotel was the smell. When we were moved to the third floor when you open the door to the main corridor there is an unmistakable smell of urine, and then as you walk down the corridor it smells like an old folks home. Both myself and my Aunt noticed this, there was no smell on the second floor, just the third? Upon checking out we could leave our cases behind reception and they even phoned and booked a taxi for us. As said the best thing about this hotel was its location, the staff were helpful and all in all our stay at this hotel was good, so I would recommend staying here if like me your not in your room that much and you are not really bothered about anyting I have mentioned above. However if your going to new York and are used to a bit more luxury from a Hotel then I would recommend spending a bit more and trying something else. To be truthful if I was going again I think I would probably spend a bit more and go somewhere else as there are loads of hotels to chose from in the central area.We had a really great time In New York and probably only saw a fraction of it due to there being so much to do. We went up the Empire State Building on a Friday night as on Fri Sat and Sun it is opened til 0200 and at that time there was no queue at all and we walked around at our leisure, also the skyline at night is something else, the next day however we passed it and the queue was out the buiding and around the corner. We bought a ticket from a vendor for the Gray Line, it is an open top double decker that drives around Manhattan with a tour guide, tickets are really reasonable and you can hop on and off at your leisure and you get a bit of info as you drive about. I would definetly recommend this.	
Jun 30 2006	Well priced but small.	Stayed recently for two nights at Hotel 31. On the positive side it was clean and budget priced, especially considering New York rates. The neighborhood is right off Lexington Avenue. There is a gourmet pizza place called Vezzi or something close to that, right beside the hotel on the corner. It was really good and fairly priced! The deli across the street was handy but limited in selection in my opinion. There is a breakfast place on Lexington Avenue one block south that was also OK for coffee and rolls. The hotel rooms were very small but had lots of original woodwork, which translated to character. It was very quiet and restful and our window air conditioner worked great. We had our own bath, as we had booked, but even with all our trips out of the hotel I only saw the hall bath occupied once. It was also kept clean. On the negative side, the lobby and the elevator are the biggest drawbacks. Both are very small. The lift holds no more than three people without luggage. It has one of those quaint metal gates also, but it was smooth and sturdy.There really is not a lobby so to speak of, just an area with a window so don't be planning to sit and lounge. There are no chairs. You can walk to the Empire State Building just north of the hotel. Not too many cabs go down that part of 31st Street so it is best to walk a few steps to Lexington Avenue to catch one. It is a bit of a hike to Penn Station but it is walkable, although if you have luggage I would recommend getting a cab. The desk staff was friendly enough and allowed us to check in a few hours early. I would probably stay there again if traveling on a budget.	
May 27 2006	Good budget hotel	Hotel 31 is very well located to see the city and the price for NYC is good. The room was ready and waiting on arrival and just as requested with 2 beds and private bath. Elevator is very small, but does the job, and adds to the charm of the hotel. Room and bath are kept clean by maids, though had to kill one roach, on the second morning. Close to subway and to several good places to eat. Vezzo on the corner of 31st and Lex and Murray Hill Diner on 33rd and Lex, both very good. Would stay again at this hotel.	
May 15 2006	Overpriced but OK	For the money, campared to other similar standard hotels i've stayed in, in other major cities (rome, paris etc) this hotel is very overpriced but maybe this is just NY. Bed was very small for a double but the room was clean. Best thing about this hotel is the location, just 15 mins walk to Times sq. and close to metro stations. Quiet area as far as Manhatten goes.	
May 14 2006	great location great value for money	my husband and i stayed at hotel 31 for just over 2 weeks and highly recommend it. the rooms and bathrooms were very clean, sharing a bathroom was no problem at all, there was always a bathroom free when we needed one and found that more often than not the bathrooms were cleaned after each use. the rooms are small, but very comfortable, in the first week we stayed in a room which had a window facing lexington ave, it was a bit noisy, in the second week we asked to stay in a room on the other side (so kind of facing park ave) and that was heap better.the location of the hotel is great, it's centrally located, it is one block away from the subway station, but we walked everywhere (it's really the only way to see new york). if your looking for places to eat wander down to 3rd avenue and there are loads of restuarants/bars/cafes to choose from and a supermarket. the staff at the hotel were all very friendly and accommodating. we really had a great experience with this hotel and would stay there again. it's a great choice if you don't want to stay in a hostel and you don't have the mega bucks to stay in a popular chain hotel.	
May 7 2006	Good clean budget hotel	Stayed at the Hotel 31 in October of 2005, and thoroughly enjoyed my stay - chose a room with a shared bath, but congestion and cleanliness were never an issue while I was there.The room was very small, with a window that looked out over a 4-ft wide alley and had amazingly bright wallpaper, but it was comfortable, quiet and in a pleasant neighbourhood. In practical terms it was only a few blocks from the Empire State building, had good, &quot;local&quot; restaurants all round and there are a couple of laundries including one across the road. It is in walking distance of most things - but I classed 100+ blocks as &quot;walkable&quot;, so you may want to use the subway, which is only 2 blocks away.All good and who wants anything but a comfy, clean bed when you are in New York - get out and do stuff!	
May 2 2006	Will stay again	I dont think i can say enough about this hotel.. For the little time my girlfriend and I stayed here we had no problems.. oh wait one of the bathrooms had its toillet backed up.. no big deal went to the other one.. stayed on the 7th floor. clean, clean, I will always stay here unless i win the lottery and can afford the ritz.. lol stayed in a hojo last time in ny and prefer this hotel 10 fold. location right in the middle of everything. you wont be dissapointed.	
Apr 27 2006	Lovely little hotel	A friend and I stayed here for 5 nights (20th April - 26th April) and were very pleased.We stayed in room 601 which was a twin with private bathroom. Very clean and tidy. Fresh towels every day and bedroom was tidied and cleaned every day. Beds were very comfortable, a great place to get your head down after a tiring day of sight seeing and shopping! The lift was an experience and added to the character of the hotel. Staff were always very friendly and helpful.One tiny little thing, I left a packet of chocolate covered doughnuts on the bedside table and the following day I noticed that &quot;something&quot; had been nibbling them! I can only guess it was a mouse! Location of hotel was fab, 2 blocks away from the Empire State and not far from Macey's or Times Square. I am defintelty going to visit NYC again and I would definitely stay at Hotel 31 again - I will just make sure I eat all the doughnuts next time!!!!!!!	
Apr 24 2006	Great hotel..... however	Arrived at Hotel 31 last wednesday 19th April. Hotel looks great both in and out and the staff are amazingly friendly and helpful. We got shown to our room on the second floor which was small but comfortable, there was a really nice view of a brick wall too., but never mind the air con worked and the tv too. The room had a sink and a rail to hang clothes on. The shared bathroom wasnt a problem and it was always available. As for the location, its fine, just 2 blocks from the empire state building and good views along lex and park avenues. Subway close by too. There are 2 deli's near by, 1. Cosi and 2. on the corner. Also just around the corner is the murray hill diner which serves great breakfast. So all in all you get what you pay for. As for bad points, interesting smells hang around the landings and i did see a mouse on the last day. But set those two aside if you can its fine for what it is.	
Apr 6 2006	Good Deal	Stayed there with my Girlfriend for 6 nights and it was worth every cent. Don't expect any fancy stuff but everthing is in good condition and clean. Whatelse so you need? The rooms a pretty nice especially when you have one on the upper floors. Everthing is cleaned at least once a day and I felt very comfortable. The location is great as well, most of the things are within a walkable distance. Staff is very friendly as well they realy try to help you with everthing. Staying at Hotel 31 really improved our stay in NY a lot. Just imaging to stay at one of the youthhostel (being only slightly cheaper)for six nights makes me nightmares (we stayed at one for the first night, because we couldn' get a room for this night at Hotel 31). In summary I can recommend Hotel 31 for everyone travelling on budget and not expecting anything super-luxurious.	
Apr 4 2006	What an amazing bargain!	This was a great hotel particularly given the exceptionally low price! New York is not known for being cheap so this hotel was a pleasant surprise. Stayed for six days with my boyfriend and thought the hotel was perfect for a sight seeing holiday. Great location, lovely room, spotless bathrooms, and lovely service - all excellent!	
Apr 2 2006	fantastic!!!!!!	The price we paid for this hotel I must admit I was feeling a little worried but I needn't have been! What a lovely little hotel. Staff were helpful and friendly, rooms were clean on arrival and cleaned daily. Ok the room was a little small but not a problem how much space do you need to go to sleep? Couldn't have asked for a better location. Subway station was 2 minute walk away, empire state building 5 min walk away and macys etc about 10 minutes walk. Really nice little cafe on the corner called cosi, really good breakfast bagels!! I would 100% visit again and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to spend more money on shopping than their accomodation!!!	
Mar 27 2006	Great Hotel for the Price!	I read the reviews on Trip-advisor and I can say it was everything I expected. No surprises. For the price I paid and what I got it was worth it. The hotel is clean. On the old side...but what do you expect. The staff was pleasant. The elevator was quite interesting...the old ones with the cage frames.The hotel room was quite warm...but the windows open and they do have air conditioners.We had a shared bathroom and it was always clean and I never had to wait. The hotel is right next to the green line (V line 33rd). There is a 24 hour deli on the corner of 31 and Lexington. We got in very late the first night so it was very convenient to grab something.	
Mar 22 2006 	Great value 	My son and I were in town over his college spring break and wanted to stay close to the center of the city. Found Hotel 17 first but it was booked, then found Hotel 31 (sister hotel). Great rate and clean as can be. On the old side, so don't expect new surroundings. But, as has been stated many times....it is very clean. Never had a problem with finding one of the two bathrooms on each floor unoccupied. We had two twins and even though it was crowded we certainly got along fine. The heat was more than enough. We had the window open during the night when it was 30 degrees outside. All in all if you're looking for a great little hotel in the city and not far from anything - this is it.What's nice is that it's so close to the heart of the city without paying the big bucks - and NYC can cost you plenty when it comes to hotels. Oh, staff was ok. Cleaning ladies were very nice. But the desk staff - well, they were neither nice nor sour. Just there. That's ok when you're getting such a great deal.Parking was down the street a couple blocks - about $35 or so per day.There's food on three of the corners and the subway is one block north. I'm certainly glad we found this place and will probably stay here again.	
Mar 17 2006 	Great bargain! Great Staff!	I've stayed in budget hotels all over the world. The best you could say about most was that they were &quot;intersting.&quot; Hotel 31 was a very pleasant suprise! Clean rooms and incredibly friendly staff! I paid extra for a private bath - also clean and a good size. Would definetly stay here again.	
Mar 14 2006	clean excellent value	We didn't expect too much for the price. This was because of our other cheaphotel experiences in new york. The rooms were small but nice and everything was clean. We used this website to find a cheapie this time and were happy! ps a good place to eat close by is called &quot;rice&quot; asian style cheap with an interesting menu	
Mar 5 2006	Loved it! A great deal for its location!!	My friend and I just got back from our first trip to NYC and we spent a comfortable three nights at Hotel 31. Located in the heart of the city and less than a mile away from the Empire State Building and not even a five minute walk away from the nearest subway station, this budget hotel cannot be beat for its price and location! Funnily enough my friend and I ended up choosing this hotel for our stay after reading the positive reviews on tripadvisor, and we were not disappointed. The rooms are small but very clean and cozy, and we also had a sink in our room which was very convenient. The shared bathrooms are not a problem at all and I never once had to wait for one! Our room was on the top floor (8th) and we found the little old-fashioned elevator very useful, even if it was a little slow. (Sometimes we'd get back late after touring the city all day and we'd find it waiting for us on the ground floor ready to take us up!) On a somewhat unrelated note, we also enjoyed watching the late-night coverage of the 2006 Winter Olympics on cable t.v. once we got back to our room in the evenings, which truly made us feel &quot;at home&quot; in my opinion. Finally, the hotel staff were very nice and helpful throughout our entire stay, and they very kindly offered to store our luggage in the back room on the last day since our flight back home wasn't until the evening, and this way we'd have a few more hours to explore the city (i.e. get in some last-minute shopping!) without having to carry all of our stuff with us everywhere. Also, my advice for any travellers that are not used to living in a large, busy city or if you're a very light sleeper I would suggest bringing some earplugs with you as it can sometimes get a little noisy from the street outside with cars honking in the night (not that it bothered me - I'm used to that!) Next time I'm in New York City I'm definitely staying here again! (Quick tip: if you have any trouble opening the door to your room with the card key like we did at first, the trick is to turn the door handle as soon as you pull the key out of the slot!)	
Feb 28 2006	Excellent quality and service	stayed here for 4 nights in Oct and it was great. The staff were very friendly at the front desk, and alerted me right away of messages i had waiting on me. The room was small, but didnt mind as would be sleeping there anyways, im in NUC, im not going to be spending it in a hotel room. I booked here because of the price, it was a great rate compared to other hotels in the area. And it was located superbly for all the main attraction around Empire state. THe staff helped me out of a real pickle whe i noticed on my first night that i had brought the wrong travel adapter with me, which i needed to use laptop, and they promptly provided on for me from the front desk for the duration of my stay. Def reccomend this for any traveller who does not mind a smaller room and some strange wallpaper colours. I had some doubts over the shared bathroom, but now i would not have a problem with these. They were never i use when i wanted a shower, and they were always spotlessly clean. Thanks to all the staff at the hotel for making me feel welcome	
Feb 27 2006	Great Small Place	I was expecting this hotel to be quite good in light of all the reviews that have been posted here. I was not dissapointed. The location is prime - there is a subway station just one block north from the hotel. We stayed in a room with a double bed and a private bathroom. It was small but manageable. It was decorated nicely, something you'd expect a suffragette to stay in during the early 1900s. There was a TV, a very efficient heater, and A/C. The rooms were cleaned each day very nicely. The hotel itself was quiet the entire time. Only on Saturday night did some street noise filter in, but we turned on the air to low and it was blocked out. Be sure to book your room through the internet or with the internet price on hand over the phone - it's much cheaper. The staff was friendly and the iron and ironing board I borrowed from them worked well. My only quip is that the man who checked us in gave us an uncomfortable and bothersome stare and remark about my boyfriend and I sharing a double bed. He wasn't hostile, but you sure don't expect it less than a mile from where the Stonewall riots took place. Also, the elevator is small but quaint with its archaic gated door. All in all, a great, great, great place for those people who don't need to be pampered and overcharged but enjoy sleeping in comfortable and quiet hotels.	
Feb 22 2006	Great for the price	Hotel 31 is in a great central midtown location. It's close to Times Square (walking distance) and there is a subway station very closeby. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were tiny but that is to be expected in NYC. Still, they were clean and comfortable. The bathrooms were also clean. Overall this is great value and I would stay there again.	
Feb 21 2006	Perfect	For a half star rated hotel (!) it is fabulous. Me and my girlfriend stayed in an en suite room on the 6th floor and, although minimal in size, had a very clean and tidy bathroom. Firm bed, central heating, aircon, phone, TV, video, alarm clock, access to about 21 unsecured wireless internet connections (many thanks to the local NewYorkers!). Some rooms have a view of the empire state building, unfortunately not ours but a decent view anyway.Quiet at night, great location, plenty of facilities nearby.I've stayed in shabbier 3 star hotels than this (particularly in Paris!). The lift is great! We fitted 5 people and 3 suitcases in our first experience of it so no problems there. We only use it on the way up as it always resets to the ground floor and can be a little slow. But hey, I need the exercise.Easy walking distance of MSG, Empire State, Times Square, Flatiron building, United Nations, Penn Station, 5th Avenue, Broadway..We will definately stay here again and in fact we wouldn't have an en suite we would use the shared bathrooms because they are kept exceptionally clean and are rarely busy.Enjoy!	
Feb 15 2006	The right value for the price	like everyone else, i was a little apprehensive about the shared bathrooms, but they WERE VERY CLEAN!!probably the cleanest hotel bathrooms i've ever encountered. it seems like they somehow clean them after every use.the rooms were small, and yes, the elevator was too. but it's an old building and back then people didn't take up nearly as much space!seriously, it was clean, comfortable, and the staff was helpful and friendly. the right (and expected) value for the price. i have no complaints.	
Feb 8 2006	Exact Details Of Hotel 31	~hotel 31 has a extremely small elevator that can fit 2 people comfortably without large laugage~floors 5 and up have the best window view, on all lower floors the window view is clocked by the side of a building~every flor has 2 shared bathrooms but there's never a line for the bathrooms and the bathrooms are always cleaned~the rooms are small, some rooms can only fit the queen size bed and a dresser~the tv inside the rooms are about the size of a computer screen and it has limited cable~did not see any roaches or rats~the hallways are almost always quiet~hotel 31 is ideal for those who only need a place to sleep, the rooms are 2 small and plain to want to stay in all day~there are no refrigderators or mircowaves so any and all food must be purchased outside (maybe from the 24hr deli on the conner)would I vist hotel 31 again? no probably not because I live in new york, i was looking for some place to take a load off at, something a little more luxiurous but hotel 31 definently does it's job at keep one at a comfortable climate and peaceful	
Feb 1 2006	Great Little Hotel for those on a Budget!	Stayed here between 20 - 27th January 2006 and was well pleased with what we got for the money.Staff on the front desk were really helpful and friendly and gave advice whenever we asked.Rooms were old fashinoed and basic but were kept clean to a high standard and serviced everyday. Beds were comfy and bathrooms spaceous. I also noted that the shared Bathrooms were of equal standard and rarely in use.Good location and for those who want to see the sights it is well placed. Plenty of local food outlets and bars plus its location means it does not suffer from excesive noise.Would definately give a thumbs up to anybody visiting. Dont excpect luxury but do expect a nice little place top stay - Perfect for Tourists.	
Jan 26 2006	Great Deal!	Hotel 31 has a great location! You could walk going to Timesquare, Macy's, etc! It's safe too-- even at night! Rooms were clean. They were made up everyday even without requesting for it. Sharing the bathroom was not a problem at all! Feels like you're not sharing coz you never have to wait for your turn. It was kept clean too! Hot &amp; Cold water is available. For the claustrophobics, the elevator is small. Better to take the stairs. Other than that, it's a nice budget place to stay in New York!	
Jan 24 2006	Great Hotel.	Stayed in the hotel for 5 nights.It was just perfect.15 min walk into Time Square.It was a bargain too so I could spend loads more money on clothes etc rather than on a hotel room.As long as you are not expecting the Hilton hotel 31 will suit you down to the ground.Get some pizza in the little deli down the road too. Its bloody smashing.	
Jan 23 2006	Loved it!	This hostel was better than we could have expected! We were on a very tight budget but were prepared to pay that little bit extra for a good location. We could not really have been in a better location in our eyes, as it had good access to the subway (which we only needed to use a couple of times in the week we were there) and all the main tourist sites. We had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building out our bathroom window and although we were on the 8th floor we never had to wait long for the lift. We had originally booked for a private double room with shared bathroom (as this kept costs down) but when we arrived we were pleased to find that our room had an ensuite bathroom with shower, bath and toilet! The bathroom was always kept clean, along with the room, which was tended to daily, and we had no trouble with noise outside. There was also enough room for 2 people's suitcases in the room, and although there were no shelves there were some coathangers.The staff were always friendly and helpful and had useful advice when asked. There are two lovely breakfast bars on the corner of this street, and lots of other eateries in walking distance. Just to give you an idea of where it is situated; it took us 30mins to walk to Central Park, 5mins to Empire State Building, 10mins to Chrysler Building and Grand Central Terminal, 15mins to Times Square, 15mins to the Rockafeller Centre/Ice Rink. My parents went at the same time we did, but they stayed in a much more expensive hotel near Central Park. Although their hotel was nice, they did say that the location of Hotel 31 was a lot more ideal than being as far north in Manhattan as they were.	
Jan 4 2006	Ideal for what it is	Ideal location, reasonable price, friedly staff and the room was always cleaned well for us.just what we needed Thanks	
Dec 31 2005	Does exactly what it says on the tin	I wanted a fairly central base for a 4-night stay over Christmas in Manhattan and Hotel 31 came up as a good budget choice. I really only wanted a basic room as I planned to spend as little time as possible there - after all you don't visit NY to sit in a hotel room, right? The room was clean, warm, functional, quiet (I was on the 8th floor) and everything worked, including the air conditioning. Unusually I found that there were plenty of power sockets available. The staff were courteous, helpful and there all the time: useful when you come back from a very late night out. The door locks were of the cardkey type, and there was a double -locking facility from inside for added security. Don't forget to take your cardkey with you when you go to the bathroom :-)The unobtrusive housekeepers attended to the room every day and always topped up the soap etc, unlike some other budget hotels I've stayed in. The shared bathroom was never a problem and again was small but functional. Being on the 8th floor I was very grateful for the elevator which was quite a &quot;period piece&quot; and had genuine &quot;elevator music&quot; playing all the time: it all added to the atmosphere and experience though :-) There are no restaurant/dining facilities but there is a deli on the corner that seems to sell everything and stays open all hours. The only thing missing in my opinion was a kettle to be able to make a hot drink. Other than that, Hotel 31 fitted my needs perfectly and I'd certainly stay there again.	
Dec 21 2005	Hotel 31 vs Chelsea Star	We stayed here after staying in the Chelsea Star Hotel in November. I booked a double room with shared bathroom and it was fine but I think we were just used to not having to share a bathroom after being upgraded to an ensuite in the Chelsea Star!:) Hotel 31 is fine though when you're really not going to be in the hotel that much. We also stayed in room 510 and I agree with the other review that it was unbelievably stuffy and warm and there were some strange smells in the hallway! I would recommend it but if you have the option of staying in the Chelsea Star I would pick that, not just because of the room but because it is in a more central location.	
Dec 20 2005	very impressed!	I stayed here December 8-12. I was a little uncertain about staying anywhere but your average chain hotel. But I must say this place wiped out any doubts I had. The front desk was helpful and friendly. Yes, the elevator is small, but that was hardly a problem. The building is old but smells nice. The bathrooms were very clean. I never had to wait to use the shared bathroom. The bedrooms were also very clean. You have an option for the maid to come in each day and clean. We stayed on the 5th floor and had a great view. The neighborhood is nice. I would definitely suggest this &quot;hostel&quot; type hotel to anyone who plans on experiencing this city on a budget. I wish I would have taken pictures, but I'd say the pictures listed on the other reviews are about accurate.	
Dec 19 2005	No problems no hassle.	After booking this hotel my girlfriend and I were then put off slightly by the problems that we had read here. All I can think is that some people must be expecting perfection Hilton style to say something bad about it. OK the rooms are small and swinging a cat in the lift is not recommended. And yes the shared bathroom seemed to have a permanent occupied sign on it our first morning. BUT the room was always clean and tidy when we returned in the evening, the staff were always polite, giving directions and ringing up places when we asked and saying nothing when we arrived hours late due to plane parking problems at JFK.The handiness of the subway and the diners and the deli across the road cannot be praised enough. The view of the Empire State Building more than makes up for the fact that we could only see it from the bathroom. For budget travellers this hotel is just what you want. HIGHLY recommended.	
Dec 17 2005	Would stay here again	Had no problems with bugs, rodents or general cleanliness. I stayed in room 510 by myself and had a view of the Empire State Bldg. The room had its own sink and BLOW DRYER. Also, towels, soap, shampoo and hand lotion were provided. Sharing the bathroom was no big deal.My only complaints would be that the room was too hot during the day, and the hallway sometimes smelled of cigarette smoke.	
Dec 6 2005	Great way to stay cheaply in New York	What a great way to stay cheaply in New York.Plus Side - Location, very friendly service and spotlessly clean.Minus Side - The rooms are small.If you intend to make the most of New York cant recommend it enough. If you like to visit cities but stay in the hotel, this is not for you. Can't wait to visit again for St Paddys Day!	
Nov 30 2005	Great budget hotel	Me and my girlfriend stayed at hotel31 for 4 nights in November 2005 and were very pleased. If u want a hotel with big rooms, breakfast, restaurants and all that fancy stuff, look somewhere else and pay 200 bucks more / night, but if u want a cheap (New York), clean, quiet, simple little room in a great location; this is the place! Our plan was to spend the money we saved at this cheap hotel in the city. For example we went on a World Yacht dinner cruise (80 bucks and a wonderful experience) and did everything else we couldn’t have ever afforded by staying at a more expensive Hotel. The rooms and shared toilets were clean and the people at the reception were helpful and kind. It´s no five star hotel but we slept well on the 8:th floor. I searched for good and cheap hotels with good reviews for aproximate 15 hours in the net and chose this one. I was glad I did. Two guests from Finland	
Nov 27 2005	Great budget hotel expect what you pay for	Great budget hotel, close to a lot of amenities and tourist sites within 5-10 mins walking distance. Located just off a main avenue felt safe walking back to the hotel at night. Subway stop just round the block and great BLT's from &quot;Anitas&quot; deli just a the end of the street.Didn't encounter any bugs or rats as some reviewers here have, although my wife says she heard something &quot;scratching&quot; at/in the room pipes, but I can't confirm this. Room was small and must have been decorated by a person with no sense of taste but bed was comfy and I didn't go to New York to look at a hotel rooms walls. Had a shared bathroom which was always clean and rarely &quot;in use&quot; by another guest. Bad points? Lift is small, I'll argue with anyone who says it isn't, there is a strong smell of cleaning products in the hallways (but not in the rooms strangely) and my room, 314, was right beside the shared bathroom, and I could hear everything that went on in that room. Showers being taken by other guests were particularly loud and annoying. All things considered I would recommend this hotel and probably would stay again.	
Nov 9 2005	The Best budget 4 NYC!!	I've been at hotel 31 with my girlfriend for 4 days last week of OCT 2005.What to say, just perfectly fitting for us, the hotel is amazingly located in the centre of NYC, just couple of steps from Empire state building(5 min walking), Broadway, 5th ave and Times square(10-15 min).The hotel's room we had was not big, but was enough space to stay (actually we use only to sleep, with a city like this outside what are you staying in the hotel for??) with a sink in the room that was useful for little necessities.The shared toilets were not a problem, always very clean and not busy.The staff was very kind and helpful, we have booked via EXPEDIA and had no problems at all, everything perfectly arranged. Excellent.What to say more, we had a real great time by staying at this hotel, that is the perfect solution if you want to live NY, just lodging in the real heart of manhattan, with a budget solution.I will recomend this to anyone!!	
Nov 7 2005	Great Hotel for the price	I stayed at Hotel 31 recently and also stayed last year. I think for the money you pay here the hotel is great. I have stayed in lots of hostels and budget hotels in NYC and this is by far my favourite. The rooms are clean and I was lucky this time with a great view of the Empire State Building. The shared bathrooms are always clean and I have never had to wait to use one. The location is fantastic, right in the heart of Manhattan. The staff were all really helpful and friendly.I would recommend this hotel to any budget traveller who just wants somewhere to rest their head between embarking on the sightseeing, shopping and nightlife of NYC and think that for $69 a night it is a good deal.	
Oct 30 2005	Great hotel for little money	We stayed in the Hotel 31 this fall for a week and we (my wife and me) were very satisfied with our choice.We decided for the the hotel on advice from TripAdvisor. I have to say that most of the reviews in my eyes draw a correct image of how the hotel is. Most important, as long as you don't expext the Grand Hotel, you'll be fine. Everything in the hotel is very tiny, yes, but we didn't find that annoying. Everything is very clean, the room service good and frequent, the reception professional and friendly. What astonished us most was that our room (we stayed on the 7th floor in a room w private bathroom) was very quiet. We could even sleep with our window open, something that we wouldn't have expected in NY (our room was facing to the court with some trees and lots of A/C machines. Their noise gives a perfect background for a good sleep. OI know that there are some rooms that face the street, so I don't know for those.)Nice: You even have some free pay TV channels, so if you're tired of daytime sightseeing, you can still watch some good commercial-free movies at night.The area is OK as some sights are in a walking distance (Grand Central, 34th St., Empire State, 5th Ave). You'll find some choice of cafés and restaurants around. I would definitely come there again.	
Oct 27 2005	Spot on!	Very pleased with stay at Hotel 31. Ended up coming into NY a day early and they accomadated us in shared bathroom rooms before transferring us to the private bathroom rooms we had booked for the next two nights. No problem with either room, though private bathroom was nicer and as booked well in advance on internet was cheaper than shared bathroom! Hotel service was good, looked after bags on day of check out until evening for us, booked car to airport etc.Location is good, we walked everywhere from top to bottom of ny with no problems. Area is good, feel safe and some nice cafes / restaurants - bella napoli (huge pasta plates), cosi (coffee and sandwiches) and nice little late night deli next door. Bargain for breakfast was basement of manhattan mall - egg and bacon roll and coffee for under 2 dollars.	
Oct 21 2005	OK hotel	This hotel wasn't bad for the location. The room was small, had a weird smell maybe from the complimentary soaps, the bed was small and very creaky. The good parts are the location which is great for the price, the shared bathrooms were clean and seldom taken, and we also got a nice view of empire state building (see picture).	
Oct 20 2005	Beware of rats!	Well, this hotel is quite inexpensive so keep expectations low. This is not a Four Seasons. This was the very first time I've stayed at a budget hotel in New York, and I think it was just nothing more, nothing less. The location of the hotel is very convenient, and the rooms are clean, and have the basics you need. Our room, 601, was spacious and the interior was kinda cool - decor from the 70s. The bathroom was okey too. Also, there was a tv and a dvd-player in the room. I was a little bit surprised to find a dvd-player there;) BUT, and there is a big BUT - the hotel is full of rats...after a couple of nights we found out that there was something wrong. Something had eaten from our candy-box on the table. After that we saw rats several times running over the floor. That is a big minus. I hate rats!! This hotel would be so much better without the rats!! And too bad the manager pretends he is unaware that his hotel is full of rats...	
Oct 18 2005	Good recommendable	Ended up in NYC a day early than booked, but had no problem getting an extra night (in a smaller room). We liked it a lot, good location, cosy rooms, clean, low price for the location (near ESB), just good.We had no complaints, except for the heat, but that was a general NYC problem, and the searchlightlike lamp on the hotelbuilding which was shining into our room every night. (front, top floor, 802)But hey, made great light effects, made some great pictures so forget the little things, its New York, your in the center, its a small hotel with its own identity, no hiltonstandardroom, Not fantastic, but if you want fantastic in NYC, win the lottery and book the Four Seasons or something.liked it a lotrecommend it to anyone.But just be smart and dont get goofed, there still New Yorkers, considering the other reactions that they were overbooked, priced and stuff.	
Oct 11 2005	O.K.	Was somewhat dissappointed with the hotel given some of the excellent reviews on this site.Small room with no room to manouvre due to extra bed.Clean, quiet and very well situated.	
Oct 4 2005	Overcharged!! No refund.	Dealing with this hotel and Hostelbookers.com which I booked through, was the worst experience I have ever had. The hotel unreasonably overcharged me. After claiming my refund for overcharge fee, the manager started to lie that he already gave me refund, which he never did. I booked through Hostelbookers.com, so I asked them to help me, but found out after waiting as much as two months that these people were also useless, being unable to give me refund, which supposed to be their responsibility also. He still hasn't paid back what he owes me, and the manager now ignores my email hoping to escape from it.More, the hotel made mistake in booking our room even though we both called and emailed twice before to confirm.I strongly suggest not to stay at this hotel if you don't want to feel unpleasant at your stay in NY.	
Oct 2 2005	Good Hotel for the Location and Price	Okay, for you peeps out there that are dissatisfied with your stay...sorry you had bad experiences, but my husband and I had a really good one. Just got back from NYC and we were pleased to have a clean and really quiet room in the heart of Manhattan for $85.00. The bed was clean, the towels were clean, they had a good selection of movie channels (I was surprised by that). The bathrooms were always clean and I saw cleaning people twice...they work hard to keep it clean. The concierge was courteous and we were able to check in @ Noon. Thank God. We were happy that we could walk back to our hotel room from Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building, etc. When I go back to NYC, I am definitely going to stay there again.	
Sep 30 2005	Hotel 31-everything we expected	I and my husband stayed in Hotel 31 during our brief stay in New York City in September 2005. We reserved the room (with shared bathroom) through the hotel's web site a couple of months before our trip. We confirmed our reservation by calling the hotel about one week before our stay. Upon our arrival they didn't have a room with shared bathroom for us for the first night, so they let us stay in a room with a private bath for no extra cost, which was nice. Overall, the hotel turned out to be even better than we had expected. The hallways and shared bathrooms were kept squeaky clean. The rooms were small but clean and comfortable enough for us. And as an added bonus, from our room we had a view of the Empire State Building, although we didn’t spend much time in the hotel room to look at the views through the window. At night it was quiet, we didn't hear people making noise and even the noise of the traffic didn't bother us. The neighborhood of the hotel seemed ok. I admit that the window-mounted air conditioner can be kind of loud, but hey - at least they have air conditioning! And if the noise gets too annoying, get a pair of earplugs. And The Hotel 31 Tiny Elevator Experience was complete with a touch of elevator tunes but I can’t recommend it for the claustrophobic kind. There are no coffee makers or tea kettles in the hotel rooms but there was a neat little bakery-cafe called Ye-Ye just around the corner on Lexington Ave. They sell good coffee and tasty fresh bagels, cakes and other goodies for very reasonable price. You can also get omelettes and pancakes for breakfast. It was a perfect place to grab a quick bite to eat before taking off for the day.Hotel 31 was a perfect choice for us since rather than spending loads of money on a fancy hotel room, we spend our travel money on going around the city, seeing things and eating good food. And in New York there are plenty of all of those things. With its clean and safe rooms, friendly staff and perfect location, Hotel 31 was a great value for the money. We would stay in Hotel 31 again.	
Sep 22 2005	Never ever again.	We stayed here last year and will never, ever stay again. We got in late and they didn't have the room we'd reserved but said they'd get us a cot. An hour later, I called them and they said, &quot;oh, we are out of cots.&quot; The next day we got to move into the double room. And walking into the lobby one evening, we overheard the guy at the front desk making fun of us--I guess cuz I'd complained that we would have to pay more for less of a room. I don't expect a lot of customer service in New York--and I knew this wouldn't be a fancy place. But there's no place for treating your PAYING Customers so badly. The location isn't great if you want to see anything other than the Empire State Building or Times Square. I would recommend staying in a Youth Hostel instead, if you can't afford anything better.	
Sep 15 2005	good for that money	on room 705 clean every day..few insects first evenings ,we bayed insectspray no problems anymore,stayed 12 days -lift 4 people is maximum ,bathrooms no problems ,not noyzy room 705 at night.frendley people frontdesk. sink at our room.1 blok walking for subway, perfect.-1/2 block for bus -lexington ave. one negative point is no saveboxes on frontdesk only option kind off express letter for pasports ,after 12 days perfect closed same back	
Sep 13 2005 	Value for money	I stayed at the Hotel 31 two nights during the second week of September 2005. I was traveling alone and had meetings planned each of the days I was there so I spent little time in my room. The room (403) was small, about the size of a small Paris hotel room with shared bath. The room had a sink, tiny TV, clock radio and a desk with table lamp. My window faced a blank wall so there was no &quot;view.&quot; Oddly, and happily, there was no noise on the floor. I never saw any other guests and even being right next to the washroom I never heard any noise. The washroom was as clean as mine at home as was the room itself. The wood work was classic, the walls solid and the room well cared for.The window air conditioner was adequate, there was room to move about comfortably and if you do not expect to spend a great deal of time in the room it is &quot;value for money.&quot; The desk staff was helpful, honest and always available. The neighborhood is quiet at night with few people on the street. In summation, if you are claustrophobic you need to consider a newer hotel. If you want an inexpensive room in New York, close to attractions this is it.	
Sep 11 2005	Great value for money.	Stayed there during the first week of September. Staff were very helpful and friendly. I choose the room without the ensuite which was fine because the shared bathroom was always clean and there were always one free. It was convenient to have the wash basin in the room but would have been good if there were tea/coffee making facilities, ie a kettle.Location was excellent, close to Empire State building and also close to subways.	
Sep 6 2005	yikes!	As much as the location and the price are unbeatable, there are a few things to know about staying here. We stayed in a double room that the man said was supposed to have a queen bed. We decided at the last minute to bring my father-in-law and I called ahead to see if we could all share a room. They said no problem, roll-away bed at no extra charge. We got there and they charged us $10 for the bed and never brought it to our room. Not that it would've fit in the room anyway. Or if they had it rolled up, they could've gotten it in, but once expanded, we wouldn't have been able to open the door. And the bed was not a queen. We ended up all 3 sleeping in that bed, and never got our $10 back. The room was tiny, the elevator was itty bitty and the bathrooms were almost microscopic. And they didn't have any soap or towels- those were back in your room. And the little shampoos and things that they give you for free-- the seals were broken on them. The location was awesome- only 4 blocks from the Empire State Building and 2 1/2 blocks from the subway station in a relatively safe neighborhood. Fine for a grown man or woman to be alone, but not necessarily for kids or teens. Also, you can't really beat the price for downtown Manhattan. And it definitely has a European feel. Reminds me of Hotel Ajiel in Paris. I would stay there again if it were just me or me and my boyfriend, but if I were taking someone to NY for the first time, I wouldn't necessarily want that to be their first experience.	
Aug 28 2005	Nice place good location	We booked a room with a private bathroom and paid a bit more, it was well worth it. It was hot when we stayed and the A/C didnt make a massive difference but thats what you get when you stay in new york on the cheap. &quot;cosy&quot; lift with some awesome music to dance along to. Staff were a bit ditsy with our &quot;safety deposit box&quot; which was actually a fed ex envelope. Would stay here again on a return visit even tho location is a wee bit scary at first but was perfectly safe. If you go there say hi to the dude with the radio who lives outside.	
Aug 17 2005 	Definitely a good budget hotel	I really liked the Hotel 31, it was cheap - for New York - it was clean and it had a great location. I was really worried about the communal bathroom but the one on my floor was always clean and with paper. I would definitely recommend it to someone on a budget - especiallly considering how much you need to pay for a hotel room with its own bathroom in Manhattan.	
Aug 17 2005	Good Hotel	I stayed for 10 nights at Hotel 31 in November 2004, I had booked a hotel that was slightly more expensive but after reading horrendous reviews I switched to Hotel 31 (I booked through Expedia). I was glad I did I was very nervous as it was very as I did not want to pay a lot for the hotel; I wanted to spend my money enjoying my time in the city.I was not disappointed, when we arrived I had booked a twin room they gave us a double (I was staying with my mum) The manager was very good said this happened all the time with Expedia they do not give out twin rooms only double. I had to pay extra $50 I thought that was ok.Good Points Clean (All I wanted) Basic hotelFriendly staffGood locationThe NeighbourhoodAtmosphere of the hotelFelt safeComfy bedGood showerShared bathroom was spotless and cleaned all the timeBad pointsThe extremely strong smell (I think it was cleaning fluids) in the hallwayOur view from our window was a wallDid not like the bed covers (not dirty) just weird and old fashionedNoisy heating systemIn summary I was glad I booked this hotel and had extra money to go to Broadway shows and good restaurants	
Jul 27 2005	Great location unique staff and possibly the most intriguing lift ever!	We stayed in Hotel 31 in mid-June. It was a small double room but the AC worked perfectly, the room was clean - despite the arrival of a tiny multi-legged friend on the last morning - and the staff were generally very helpful, if a bit confused at times. We shared a bathroom and it was more or less spotless all the time, some clown blocked the toilet and then tried to blame it on his girlfriend but - as the previous review states - it was dealt with quickly and there were no further problems. We would definitely recommend it to the budget traveller who intends to spend most of their time exploring the city but doesn't want to risk life and limb in a hostel for a couple of dollars less.	
Jul 24 2005	Good value for old world charm.	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 1 week, and overall did not have a single problem with the hotel. The staff was very friendly and accomodating to the few extra requests we had. The rooms are a bit on the small side, which really is a non factor if you are only needing a place to sleep and shower. The A/C in our 8th floor room worked fine the whole time, and the maid service had the room cleaned up very quickly. I would recommend Hotel 31 to anyone looking for a budget hotel that is located close to everything in town.	
Jul 24 2005	Good value and location	We stayed here in Mid-June. Our room was on floor 7, and was next to a bathroom. Nevertheless, we were not once once disturbed by noise from it (as other reviews have stated).The room itself was small, but clean and fitted with a sink, TV and an a/c unit. The double bed was comfortable.The bathrooms were always clean, and usually empty. My girlfriend accidentally blocked one of the toilets on the first day, but it was sorted out almost immediately by the hotel staff.The location of the hotel cannot be faulted, as other reviews have stated.The only downside to the hotel was the fact we saw a tiny cockroach on our last day. Given the price we paid for the hotel, and the fact that everything else was fine, and the fact that we'd seen MUCH bigger ones outside of other hotels in the city, it didn't bother us too much.	
Jul 23 2005	Do not go there when it's hot -	We stayed at the Hotel 31 only one night but it was the worst experience. It was about 100 degres outside and the A/C in the room wasn't working.We checked in at around 6pm, took a quick shower, put the A/C on, went out for dinner. We came back at around 1am and the room was boiling. We called the front desk; one guy comes, checks the A/C and leaves. We called again, the guy at the front desk asked us to wait. 30 minutes after we called again, the guy tells us there is nothing that can be done. He has no room available in the hotel; he offers us to go to a sister hotel located at 3 miles. We say OK, he's supposed to call a cab and call us back. 30 minutes after, WE called him back, he hasn't done anything. Why? don't ask me. Finally at 3am, we have a cab to take us to the other hotel - the guy a the front desk only gave us $5 for the cab which wasn't enough. BAD, BAD customer service.	
Jul 20 2005	A couple of things to keep in mind	We stayed at Hotel 31 for three nights starting July 10. Overall it was a positive experience. However, I thought it useful to include some very specific suggestions - would have helped me when I booked my room...First night was a nightmare as we were placed in the room close to the bathroom, 5th floor. As someone decided to take a shower at 7 in the morning, we were awaken by the noise. We asked to be moved and they were very accommodating - moved us down the hall. So as far as your room goes, I recommend asking for floors 5 and up (there is a strong kitchen smell at the lower floors as the windows face walls) and also make it a point not to be in the immediate vecinity of the access doors and bathrooms.The bathroom was kept very clean and it had been recently renovated. I suggest packing some sort of flip flops that you can wear in the shower just in case somebody was just in there before you. The rooms are tiny and the two we were in had very busy wallpaper and carpet but we didn't mind. The beds are double, not queen. No closet or wardrobe available, only a small chest and a desk with the TV. Air conditioning window units exist in every room - they are noisy so we couldn't leave the AC on at night.The hotel is within walking distance to Empire State Building. It is also half way between Central Park and SoHo. However, as this was our first time in NY, I think we would have been better off in the heart of things, one way or another.	
Jul 11 2005	Value for money	Whe've stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on our trip to USA &amp; Canada last month, it was a verry nice hotel. The staff was kind and helpfull. The rooms are small but big enough for just a few days, you only sleep there anyway. The ac worked excellent thank god because it was 90 deg. outside. The shared bathroom (2 on our floor) was always available and kept verry clean during the whole day. From the hotel its a 10 min. walk to the empire state building and just 5 min to the closest subway station.If we ever come back we are going to stay here again, it really value for money.	
Jul 7 2005	Cheap comfortable good location very good price/quality ratio	Stayed for four nights in May. Personally I have no complaints, the hotel is cheap, room is good (ok wallpaper is plain ugly), it is well located. The price/quality ratio for this hotel is excellent. Would recommend to friends &amp; colleagues of mine.	
Jul 4 2005	not bad	As most of the other reviews have said this hotel is in a good location, safe, clean, close to the subway and reasonably quite at night, the rooms are smallish and the lift is something else but unless you want to spend some serious dough you just have to live with it, if you get it cheap enough this place is good for a base to explore NY	
Jun 25 2005	Old but clean	I must admit, the initial impression of the room is that it smelled too much of cleaning agents and the wallpapered room is old. However, after the first night's stay, we got used to this place quickly and cannot help but be delighted with the friendly people that work here and the cleanliness of this place. To top it all off, when I checked out, I told the manager that I've made a few phone calls and he just waved his hands and said, &quot;forget about it,&quot; and didn't charge me. That never happened to me at any hotel!	
Jun 22 2005	Great value!	I would recommend Hotel 31 to anyone, as long as you don't mind sharing a bathroom or having smallish rooms. We paid only $85 a weeknight, $95 a weekend night. I think there are rooms with private baths too, but they are more expensive. We had no complaints- the location is safe but convenient, only one block from a subway station. The employees were very friendly and helpful. I witnessed a woman checking out who was making some very complicated demands in order to pay her bill, and the staff remained courteous and efficient throughout what could have been a very annoying interaction. Everything- the lobby, the room, the bathroom- was very clean. Furnishings are a bit worn, but in working order. Of course the elevator is small, but it works fine. For such a cheap price, I was impressed that we had cable TV, a clock radio, a sink in the room, and very cold AC. We never had to wait for the bathroom. Hotel 31 exceeded our expectations for a budget hotel in NYC. We will be staying there again in the future.	
Jun 20 2005	Excellent location decent rooms	My parents and I stayed in a 3-person room, with one double and one twin bed, for 2 nights. The room was rather small, but we were prepared for it. There was air-conditioning, which was great to protect us from the 90+ temperatures outside. The ensuite bathroom was convenient, and the shower worked fine. Towels and bedlinen were changed as expected. At $135 a night (before tax), the price was OK for mid-June.Hotel 31 is situated very close to the Empire State Building, and 15 minutes walk from Times Square. This was excellent, as we could explore all of midtown Manhattan on foot within a couple of hours.There was one problem: the elevator within the building stopped working for at least 45 minutes on the morning of the second day, so my parents and I had to walk up 6 storeys to our room. Luckily the (tiny) elevator was walking when we checked in and checked out, so we didn't have to carry our luggage up and down.The front-desk people were helpful, and recommended a good diner for breakfast.	
Jun 17 2005	Overbooked rooms and lost reservations	Do not stay here: We made reservations for three rooms for a wedding weekend two months prior to the stay. Leading up to the stay, customer service was terrible, and few questions were actually answered. The day before our stay, they called us to say that they had lost our reservation, even though we had a confirmation number, and had in fact over booked the hotel by four rooms. The manager remembered confiming the reservation, and then admitted to deleting the entire stay. As the only compensation, the manager rudely listed four hotels of poorer quality, all of which were already full. This is my most distressing experience with a hotel ever, and the most pathetic display of professionalism and compassion I have ever encountered.	
May 24 2005	Impressed - BOTH times	Superb value - We stayed here in May 2004 AND this past weekend and never had a problem either time with regards to booking online (not even through the hotel's website - through another hotel booking site). Hotel rooms clean and quiet - more than adequate for the price in such a great location! If you are in NYC on your honeymoon, perhaps you'd be better of elsewhere but if you are there to explore, this is the place. Friendly staff, great price, quiet and clean rooms - what else could you need?	
May 24 2005	Simply Fabulous	Just returned from NYC and 3 nights at the Hotel 31 on E 31st and Lexington which I found on hotels. The hotel is charming, very European. We loved that you could open the windows and enjoy the sounds of Manhattan. We had our own bath which was newly remodeled. The room was spacious enough and we adored riding in the gated elevator. The hotel is only 4 blocks from Empire State Bldg and you can catch Double Decker buses there and see all of Manhattan quickly in 48 hrs. If you are on a limited budget in terms of money and time, this is the way to go. We'll be going back soon.	
May 23 2005	Convenient quiet reasonable	This hotel was recommended to us by a friend who lives in NYC. The best reason to stay here is the location--jump on the #6 subway (3 blocks or so away) and it's a straight shot to Museum Mile. You're within walking distance of the NY Public Library and its adjacent Bryant Park too. The area also seems reasonably safe--we never worried about going out at night. There's also tons of ethnic food in the area--Indian, Vietnamese, Korean within a three to five block radius. The second reason to stay here is the quiet. We faced a courtyard the first night and found it incredibly noisefree for NYC. The first two nights we had a room with a private bath; the last night we had a room with a shared bath. The room w/private bath had far more space, although the tub was one of the smallest I've seen in the States. Even the TV was larger in this room. The room w/shared bath was fine too. The shared bath was clean and never seemed to require any attention. For the price, don't expect anything extraordinary, but if you need a clean, quiet, reasonably priced room in NYC, this place is perfect. Only caveat--DO NOT make a phone reservation. DO make an online reservation--they seem to give preference to ONLINE reservations.	
May 10 2005	Excellent Location	Travelled to NY on a weekend break only problem was that we were on a budget.On the plus side the hotel is in an excellent central location. Expected the rooms to be small and they were but having shopped around knew that hotels that cost a lot more were just a small so not a problem. The decor and old fashioned lift were scarily gothic but I quite like it. Receptionist was very friendly.On the negative side our loo flooded raw sewage into the room and it took a while to sort out and my friend had kill a cockroach whilst I screamed like a girl. There was also a problem with the booking for friends who had booked nine months before (and confirmed several times) an ensuite room, but found there were none available upon arrival. They were given a room with a shared bathroom that was clean enough if you got in early, and were charged less (and the room had a great view of the Empire State Building) so they weren't too unhappy.Cost us £150 each for 3 nights. Would recommend the hotel if you are going to New York to shop, wine and dine and need a place to lay your head on a budget. Friends stayed at the Grand Union Hotel around the corner which cost the same but was cleaner and more spacious.	
May 4 2005	Excellent hotel in the heart of NYC!!!	Just got back from a week at hotel 31 we had a lovely stay, the hotel was very clean and very well situated you could not ask for more for the price. We stayed on the groundfloor so no great window view for us but it really did not matter 5 minutes outside the hotel you could see the Empire state and the chrysler building in all their glory.The staff here were friendly and helpful our room was small but all you really needed, it was cleaned every day and fresh towels left, we shared the bathroom and there was always one free, the bathrooms were clean and the showers were powerfull and hot! the hotel has character and it was a nice place to retire to after a day hitting the streets and shops. There are quite a few cable channels to keep you entertained some quite good film ones and check out NY1 before you go out for weather and news on city events etc...I would absolutly stay here again, you right in the centre of the city the rooms and clean and the price is excellent!Only thing I would say is the hotel room phone is quite expensive to use we called the UK a few times from it and got quite a shock from the bill!!a tip for tourist! walk everywhere its the best way to see the city!	
Apr 25 2005	"Happy Stays" at Hotel 31!!	Firstly, the hotel itself was spotless, and our room was immaculate. The room was quite small but hey its NYC after all!! Space is at a premium in this town and people tend to forget that when they visit. Having said that there was adequate room to be comfortable, so it wasn’t a big issue. Bathroom was perfect, cleaned every day, as was the room. Although we had our own on-suite, I rarely saw the shared bathrooms occupied, and they too were spotless. There was always hot water and we were supplied with towels (but if you’re going to use the shared bathrooms, there weren’t any supplied). Secondly, we found the staff to be really helpful and pretty friendly. When we arrived, the guy on the desk kept us chatting for ages! The service was fine, they had all our details so I didn’t find the lack of organisation that some have commented on in this forum. The hotels location itself is outstanding with the 33rd st. subway entrance about 3 minutes walk away, there are plenty of little coffee shops and grocery stores in the immediate vicinity, and I have to recommend “Cosi”-a coffee shop on the corner of 31st and Park Ave. Brilliant spot for breakfast and fast, friendly service. Some have complained on these pages about the static electricity in the hotel-and yep its there alright! But to be honest, given the location, cleanliness and price it’s a small fault-just pull down your sleeves to open the doors!!! How hard is that?? Also, yes, the lift IS small (and slow), but again, c’mon, how much of an issue is that? Its not as if you came to New York to see a lift!! We didn’t have a view from our room but again, I wasn’t planning on spending my week staring out of a hotel window! If the lift and window issues really bother you-then you obviously don’t have that much else to worry about!! The hotel is in a safe location and is pretty quiet at night, save for the odd siren in the distance. But after a full day sightseeing and shopping in the city, I guarantee you wont hear anything until your alarm goes off in the morning! Speaking of which, they provided a clock-radio which was a nice touch! TV was fine, good few channels, didn’t watch much though. If you are intent on watching films, there is a cinema about 3 or 4 blocks down, walking east from the hotel all the way along 31st street. Don’t remember the name exactly, (think it might be Lowes Kips Bay at 570 second avenune at 31st street) but just keep walking along 31st street in an Easterly direction for about 10-12mins and you cant miss it! Theres also a couple of grocery stores, a pharmacy and a branch of “Borders” bookshop in the same area. Overall , I would recommend Hotel 31 as a good base from which to explore and experience NYC. You are literally about 6 minutes walk from the Empire State and a few more to Herald Square/Macys! I am planning on returning and when I do, I’ll be staying again at hotel 31.	
Apr 14 2005	small rooms but in good location	Hotel 31 is in a very good location, it is unusually quiet for NY but is pleasant because of it!Rooms were clean (cleaner came everyday) although they are quite small they are still comfortable.I found the elevator to be quite enchanting &amp; i thought it added to the atmosphere of the hotel.Had to deal with staff a coulpe of times &amp; they were helpful. So would come back to this hotel if visited NY again.	
Apr 12 2005	Nice hotel great location!	Stayed there Oct. 19th-21st - clean, quiet, nice staff. Rooms are small, but hey - it's NYC!! We could even choose the room ourselves. The location is simply great - Times Square, the UN, ESB, Penn Station, MSG... all in walking distance. 5min to the next subway station. In my opinion one of the best picks for travellers on a budget.	
Apr 12 2005	Good location value for money clean.	We had a twin room with bath. The room was spacious (one single and a double bed) and thoroughly cleaned every day. The small lift was perfectly acceptable to us and we hardly ever had to wait. There was some noise from the street outside, even with double glazing - but this must be the same all over NY. Had little cause to deal with hotel staff, they were ok, but not exactly friendly - this attitude is common in NY.Location is good, try the Luncheonette on 28th street for an excellent breakfast. The Vietnamese restaurant and French bistro within 5 minutes are great too (you'll spot them).	
Apr 11 2005	Decent Hotel for the Price	I stayed in a room for one night with no bathroom. The room was clean. The hall bathrooms were clean. The elevator was too small. It was worth the $80 I paid for it. Good location.	
Apr 6 2005	Not too bad	My partner and I stayed here in September 2004. We had a private bathroom which was fine. My only complaints would be that the room was quite small and that the air conditioning unit was extremely noisy. It was either not sleep because it was hot or not sleep because the air conditioning unit was so loud. On a positive note the location was fantastic and was very convenient to everything. The staff were also very friendly.	
Mar 25 2005	Never again.....	Where do i begin?? My boyfriend and I stayed in Hotel 31 two years ago and were fairly satisfied with what we got. However, after returning to New York and Hotel 31 in March 2005 (because we love NY so much!!) I have to say we will not be staying in Hotel 31 again. We had no problems with our reservations, receiving a double private bathroom on the seventh floor with a view of the Empire state building (if you stuck your neck out the bathroom window)Firstly * the lift was tiny and always occupied. On arrival and departure it was extremely difficult for us to fit in the lift with our luggage. The door/gate situation is a joke, it's very awkward.* The static electricity was horrible. Maybe it was just us, but we had to use our feet to try to open the hall doors.* The 'romantic red blinds' that were mentioned...not romantic at all. They did not block out any light. As i am a light sleeper I was awoken at 5.30 by a combination of sunlight and the dawn chorus of sirens. Have these people not heard of double glazing??* The crazy old man at the front desk was not 'cute' or 'charming'. More like very irritating. He made comments about me to my boyfriend which i did not appreciate.* On our first stay there the toilet got blocked. I was surprised to find the same thing occurred on our second stay there. A coincidence?? I think not. Not a pleasant experience.* Our bed had just enough room to fit the two of us, but that was it . It was tiny! And the mattress was v. hard and uncomfortable. As we stayed seven nights on this mattress, our backs were very sore. The situation with the bedcovers was farcical. We had one sheet, a bedspread and some kind of foam-type of cover, which had a huge hole burnt in it. I also felt that the linen was not changed on a regular basis, as I came out in a rash and felt itchy in the bed.* I would not say that the hotel has been renovated in a while. The wallpaper is peeling, the carpet coming away from the wall. On a more positive note, the location is fantastic, I couldn't recommend this part of Manhattan more. The subway is less than two minutes walk away and you're close to everything. If you're looking for true budget accommodation, you'll find it in hotel 31, but i would recommend spending a few extra dollars on something more comfortable.	
Mar 7 2005	Hay it's OK	This review is based on my stay of 28th Feb to 6th March 2005Having booked another Hotel only to read the dreadful reviews on this site (yes I know a backward way to do things!) I changed the booking to the 31 based on the earlier reviews on this site.Good things about the Hotel.It's in a great location - a short walk from a lot of the things you'd want to see, entry to the 6 train (local Lexington Ave service) is less than 5 minutes away (there's an entry to the 33St station on the corner of 32nd and Park Ave). We walked to just about everywhere from the Hotel - a few blocks over to Chelsea, few blocks up to Times Square.The neighbourhood seems extremely safe and surprisingly quiet.The lift is cute - and will fit four people in with bags (well I guess that depends on the people and the bags - but it is doable).The shared bathroom was clean throughout the stay. Only had to wait twice and on one of those occasions was because the staff were cleaning it. On most floors there are two bathrooms - so you can easily use one on the other side or indeed on another floor if you can't wait.The rest of the hotel was also clean, and the room was also cleaned each day.The room has a TV that carries quite a few TV channels like WB, CNN, Cinemax, Fox 5 and a movie channel. There were also a couple of spanish/mexican channels but the reception was poor on those. Basically enough channels to keep you entertained for the short periods you'll be in the room and enough news/weather channels to let you plan your day.The room also had a sink so you can always freshen up if the bathroom is busy.Points to consider.We stayed on the 7th Floor of 8 (for us on the wrong side to have a view of the Empire State but you could see it from the other bathroom on the floor). The room was small. Just enough room for the double bed and a small chest of drawers. We were a couple so wasn't really a problem being 'on top of each other' so to speak. The room was clean but a little old looking and the drawers a little on there last legs. But it was ok.The bathrooms whilst always kept clean were a little old looking and the wear and tear was starting to show - but not so much as you wouldn't want shower in there, and considering the volume of people using it they were good - but don't expect a showroom bathroom. The water pressure was a little on the poor side - so don't expect a power shower but the water was always hot.If you are after a cheap place to stay that is safe and clean, close to all that you could want but not in the thick of the action as to be a distraction then choose this place. If you are after a plush hotel then look elsewhere.This hotel would be highly recommended if the room was a little bigger and for a purely personal point of view the shower was a little better.	
Feb 24 2005	Great price pleasant stay one surprise	For the most part, there were no problems with this hotel, and my experience was generally good, as I knew what I should expect based on the previous reviews . I was looking mostly for price, location and cleanliness, and based on these three things, I was not disappointed. My only complaint was that while a room with two twin beds was booked (I made sure I brought a printed copy of my reservation), we ended up with a single double bed, but at least they did set up a folding bed for our four nights. This was over the Presidents' Day Weekend, with the Gates up at Central Park, so I think things were busier than normal.The room was cleaned well daily, and the shared bathrooms were also quite clean, and only once were both washrooms on our floor occupied. The elevator is small and a little slow, but fit two people and their bags well enough. The walls are thin, but we were not bothered much by other guests. The location is good, safe, with enough places to eat nearby, and the 6 train is very close. I would stay here again, as the good rate over four days more than paid por a good steak dinner and a Broadway show.	
Feb 23 2005	Native NYer loves Hotel 31	I'm from NYC, so I know it well &amp; always stay with friends - who live in Brooklyn &amp; Queens - when I visit. Since this trip (mid-January '05) was only 5 days long, I thought I'd treat myself to a hotel for the convenience of a Manhattan location. The cost, neighborhood &amp; generally good reviews for Hotel 31 determined my choice. I also knew that I had other options should things not work out. Since a room was available early, I was able to check in hours before the official time (very welcome after a red-eye flight). I found it comfortable, charming (I loved the Art Nouveau elevator, tiny as it may be), roomy enough &amp; extremely clean. When I came in after 11 on a Saturday night, a member of their crack custodial staff was checking up on the bathrooms on my hall.The heating was usually reliable &amp; quite sufficient, as was the hot water. (Nothing's perfect.) I never had to wait for the bathroom, although most of the rooms on my floor appeared to be occupied. The desk staff was courteous &amp; very helpful (even long after check-out, when I called about a couple of items I thought I had left in my room). I got sick toward the end of my stay, so I spent a little more time in the room than I had planned. If you are sick in a hotel room &amp; still feel at home, that's a good testimonial to the place. The neighborhood is safe, convenient to all transportation (both uptown &amp; down) &amp; filled with places to eat. (An extra was a view from my room of the nearby Empire State Building.) I hope to stay at the Hotel 31 again when I return to NY.P.S. Make sure to leave a decent tip for the custodial staff. They really work hard to keep the rooms &amp; the shared baths spotless.	
Feb 22 2005	Make sure you have a backup	I made a reservation at Hotel 31 a full month before my scheduled tripto New York this past weekend. I called the week before to confirm myreservation. I arrived Saturday morning with a confirmation printout inhand to be told that I had no such reservation and no room at the hotel. This happened to be on a weekend when there were no rooms available in the city due to The Gates exhibition, a visit by the Olympic committee and the beginning of school vacation week. The man at the desk shrugged his shoulders and said he couldn't help me. On arrival back home I had an email from the hotel thanking me for my stay. Make a reservation here at your own risk - a shameful place indeed.	
Feb 21 2005	Deception ...	I went to the Hotel 31 2 years ago and was really happy about it. Really no frill , but location great , and price exellent. So We decide to go beck to NY for the Christo exibit in Central Park , reserve by phone 1 1/2 month ago , with a credit card , was given a reservation number, drive 7 hours from Montréal , and you guessed it : overbooked ! Well , the hotel is so small , i dont know how they can loose track of the number they have available !There was about a dozen people behind me , in the same situation. It was president weekend , so... The men send us to another hotel , saying it will be allright, but when we got there , it was only for one night, we needed two But they were very nice at the pikwick arms . We finally ended up atThe Brooklin bridge Marriott in Brooklin at 200$ a night instead of 60$ at the 31 , but the parking was only 13$ a day on the weekend , instead of 20$ near the 31. The concierge ladies and everybody was very nice. There were about 6 different subway lines goind rapidly anywhere we wanted to goSo , Hotel31 , it was nice wile it lasted , but our love story is over , and i am now telling everybody i told about my love for you , how bad you really are !	
Feb 21 2005	Even for the price this is not great.	We arrived to find the double room we had booked and confirmed three months earlier was in fact a twin but hey no problems - &quot;you can just push them together!&quot; said the porter. Not a great start.The floor we were on (8th) only had 1 bathroom in order through out our stay meaning we had to wait on several occasions for the bathroom, which to be fair was always clean. The walls here are paper thin, you can hear EVERYTHING that is going on in next doors room. The heating also makes a constant noise. If you are a light sleeper then avoid.Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but none of the staff were friendly and most could barely speak English. Trying to order a taxi was not an easy task.Overall yes the hotel is cheap and the location is good, but it's just a bit too crabby with too many bad points - I would either a) spend more somewhere else or b) stay at the Habitat hotel - which is much better for the same price.	
Feb 13 2005	No frills but great location and good value	For a romantic getaway or a hotel with lots of extras, look elsewhere. But, we (two adults, one 7-year-old child) stayed here in July 2004 and had no complaints. The room was clean and not too cramped, the staff was courteous, and the location was great - just a block from one of the main streets of Murray Hill (and the vegetarian Indian restaurants of Curry Hill), and a block or two from the subway. The rating is four stars instead of three because the price was so affordable. 	
Feb 2 2005	good budget hotel	If you stay at this hotel, you must expect what you pay for. We got an excellent rate for a shared bathroom room and were very pleased. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. It was very small, but we had room to set our suitcase down and that was all we needed. There was a small tv on the writing desk that had cable. That was all I needed as I like to watch the news in the morning. The room had a sink with a well lit mirror so I could get ready fully in the room every morning. The shared bathroom was very clean and well maintained. The shower had good pressure and was quite adequate. I never had to wait in line to use it. The only problem: when we first checked in the toilet in the shared bathroom was backed up. I called downstairs to notify the worker and when I left my room ten minutes later someone was in there working on it. It was fixed by the time I returned a few hours later. I find that very good service.this is not what i would pick for a luxury vacation, but for a couple on a budget it was perfect. We splurged on two broadway shows since we saved all that money on the hotel room. That is more worth our money than a private bathroom!	
Jan 31 2005	A cat or two would scare away the mice.	I stayed at the Hotel 31 when the sister hotel, Hotel 17 was booked. It came highly recommended from the staff. Well, never again! While the room was large, I had the misfortune of being awaken by a mouse at 2:30am! I called the front desk and they explained that because of the construction next door that mice had come into the hotel! Not even a &quot;I can move you&quot; gesture, nothing, nada, zero. Just a chuckle and a &quot;yea we have a mice problem&quot; attitude. Disgusting! Never Never again&gt; Stay away from this mouse infested hotel.	
Jan 27 2005	Great - will be returning	We stayed in Hotel 31 for a week commencing 14th January 2005. I had read the reviews posted here beforehand and was slightly worried that my reservation would have been lost, or that the room was going to be so small we couldn't fit in or something. However, when we got there (quite late in the evening) they guessed my name from their bookings straight away and checked us in within a couple of minutes. We then got the lift, which is by no means the smallest I have ever seen, and fit myself, my friend and two large items of luggage in easily, to our room. The room was warm and cosy and there was easily enough room for us and our luggage. The decor, I admit, was a little dated, but if anyone out there actually stops in a hotel for the decor, then the word sad comes to mind. There was a double bed, a writing desk with mirror and chair, a bedside cabinet with lamp, a chest of drawers, a hanging rail and a sink with mirror/towels/hair dryer etc. The room was cleaned and the bed made up daily. We had a shared bathroom which was always clean day and night and we never once had to wait to use the bathroom. The shower was nice and warm and the pressure was amazing - just what you need to soothe aching muscles after walking for hours. The hotel is in a great location. We only got a cab back once and walked back the rest of the time. We generally walked back down 5th avenue and then down 31st and I felt perfectly safe. There is a really useful general store round the corner on Lexington if you want a bottle of water or a snack and a great diner called Pellana also on Lexington that does fantastic breakfasts. The concierge called us a taxi to take us back to the airport because it's cheaper than hailing one, and we got a huge white Mercedes. Riding in style!! All in all, a very enjoyable experience and I won't hesitate to stay there again next time I go to New York.	
Jan 18 2005	Mixed Emotions	Booked online in Jan 04 - for a 3 night stay with private bathroom in Dec 04, I anticipated that this was quite a long time in advance to book so just to confirm I e-mailed Hotel 31 a few weeks before our arrival &amp; received a confirmation e-mail to say yes our room was still booked. Guess what - on arrival there was no booking to be found!We were given a spare room with shared bathroom on arrival (luckily they had one spare) but I got the distinct feeling that they thought I was lying (as if - I mean if I were going to walk into any hotel in NYC &amp; pretend I had made a reservation it would be somewhere like The Plaza not Hotel 31!!)Anyway, they wouldn't move us to the room we'd booked until on the last day I manged to find an internet cafe &amp; I had the joy of presenting them with a print out of my confirmation e-mail (by which point there were no rooms with private bathroom left) So all in all quite a nightmare.I must say though that the concierge Bob was an absolute hoot, he was very friendly &amp; tried to help us. Our room wasn't cleaned for the 3 days we were there though &amp; our whole corridor had a strange aroma - a pungent mix of urine &amp; coconuts. Apart from that though - an ok basic hotel - just make sure you take confirmation of your booking with you!!	
Jan 12 2005	Brilliant cosy and friendly	I stayed in Hotel 31 in December with my boyfriend. We had a double room with a private bathroom which was lovely. Although the decoration is very dated the room was cosy and comfortable. Shower was fine hot water every morning and night. Room was cleaned every day and bed linen changed daily. It is in the perfect location within walking distance from everything and there is a gorgeous pizza place just 2 minutes down the road. Staff were very friendly and there to help 24 hours a day. The lift is small but it works perfectly. I would definately stay there again. Why waste money on posh hotels when this one has everything at half the price.	
Jan 10 2005	Awful	The 2nd worst hotel experience of my life. Cramped. Dirty. Noisy. Smoky. Zero amenities. And some of the staff had a TERRIBLE service attitude to boot...although others were actually somewhat helpful. The weekday staff were more helpful than the weekend staff...at least, that was my experience.In Manhattan, you get what you pay for. The cheap price (for Manhattan, that is) set warning bells going off for me, which were justified. The only reason I stayed there was because my spouse's chilhood friend picked the place out of a guidebook to New York City and made their decision based mainly on price alone. Trust me: If you HAVE the money, SPEND IT and stay somewhere nicer. While I wouldn't go so far to call the place a total dump, it wasn't a pleasant experience nonetheless.One important piece of advice for air travelers: IF you plan to stay at Hotel 31 and are planning to bring your largest piece of luggage: DON'T. Very large luggage may not fit in their tiny, tiny elevator, where you have to open the elevator &quot;cage&quot; yourself but it does close automatically on its own. We were fortunate enough to get a private bathroom, but private or shared, the bathrooms are TINY, as are the bedrooms.The location between Midtown and the Flatiron district makes for relatively easy access either uptown or downtown, but that's about the size of it. For people into Indian/Pakistani/South Asian foods, Hotel 31 is about 2 - 3 blocks away from a large neighborhood of Indian, Pakistani, and Middle Eastern shops and restaurants. There's even a Tibetan restaurant about a block &amp; a half away. Otherwise, the neighborhood is unremarkable. Not bad, but not fantastic either.For people whose biggest consideration is cost, I suppose the experience of staying would depend on your tolerance for low budget lodging. Maybe I'm just spoiled. For those of us who HAVE grown accustomed to some degree of luxury, however, I'd advise spending more money to keep in line with what you're used to. Just a thought.	
Jan 10 2005	Just right for a busy visit	This is the perfect place to stay if you do not intend to spend much of your time resting in your hotel room. The decor and amenities are strictly minimalist, but it's clean and extremely convenient. The linens are clean, but threadbare. We got a room with a private bath, and it was quite nice, but the shared baths always looked available. The TV is small, but functional. Very close to the 6-line on the subway and in a lovely neighborhood.	
Jan 8 2005	I'll stay here again...over and over and over again	I was very wary of what I would find at Hotel 31 after reading the negative postings on this site. After a long bus and train ride from the airport, I was dreading the possibility of finding a poor hotel and having to find other accomodations. But I couldn't have been more pleased. I stayed for three nights and it was everything I could have hoped for. The bathrooms on my floor were always available, daily room cleanings were done excellently, and the view of the Empire State Building from my sixth floor west facing window was perfect! The review about the thin walls could be an issue for some people. I'm a fairly light sleeper and if I turned off the a/c unit (on fan mode) and listened closely, sounds could be heard. But the white noise created by the fan eliminated it all, and that slight inconvenience (if it can be called that) is well worth the enormous savings and the quaint, cozy hotel with such a great location. I'll stay at Hotel 31 next time I visit Manhattan, and many times after that.	
Dec 28 2004	Hands down worst hotel experience of my entire life!	I made a reservation via an unknown website (now known as hotels) for the Hotel 31 for two nights. The charges showed up on my VISA immediately after making my on line reservation. Upon arrival, the hotel refused to honor my paid reservation and made me pay again on the same credit card. It suddenly occurred to me I had stayed at this hotel last year around the same time and was also double-billed. It took me five months to get the hotel to refund my money as they knew they had billed me fraudulently.In addition, I was promised in writing a room with a private bath which I was denied of also upon arrival. The room was filthy and the linens very worn.I have now reported the double billing issue to the hotel, to Hotels and to VISA. They are investigating the issue as well as the ethics of the hotel. It is true, the rates for NYC are phenomenal but it is also truly a matter of &quot;you get what you pay for. . .even if you have to pay double.&quot; Hotel 31 has told hotels that the charges were for &quot;incidentals&quot; which I found particularly interesting since there is not so much as a vending machine on the entire property.May I suggest the Edison Hotel, a very fine reasonably priced hotel in Midtown with the highest level of service, a wonderful restaurant and bar, and clean rooms.	
Dec 25 2004	Excellent hotel with one warning	Hotel 31 is an excellent hotel in many ways: the price is quite reasonable for NYC, the location is central to just about everything, and the rooms - while definitely on the budget side - are nevertheless quite clean. However, there's one very important factor to take into consideration before booking here: the walls are pretty thin and it's extremely easy to hear what's going on in the hallways and the rooms next door to you. If you're a heavy sleeper and noise doesn't bother you, I can't think of a reason why you shouldn't stay here. But if noise is at all an issue for you, I would recommend you consider staying somewhere else. The three nights I stayed here, I spent the first two staying awake due to the tv, conversation, and constantly slamming doors of my next door neighbors - who of course had many people coming by their room until 5:10am. After a second night of this, I asked the front desk if I could move to a quieter room and they put me on the 7th floor, where I didn't have any guests next to me. This was acceptable, but also a matter of luck; if they were all booked or if they had more people on that floor, I might not have had much of a change noise-wise. So again - if the noise level matters to you, I would suggest another hotel.	
Dec 22 2004	Perfect	This is a real Gem of a place. My girlfriend and I stayed here from the 13th - 19th of december in a double room with an ensuite. The location was perfect to start off with, less than one hundred yards from the subway, a 5 minute stroll to the Empire State and 10/15 minutes to Times Square. For the location and the quality it was an absolute bargain!The room was great. After reading some other reviews I was a bit wary of the size of the room, but it certainly exceeded our expectations. There was a double bed, a single bed, a tv with about 20 channels, loads of room for storage, clothes etc, the water was always hot and the cleaners were in without fail every day to change the bed &amp; towels.The staff were superb! Its complete nonsense what people say about New Yorkers if the staff in Hotel 31 are anything to go by, very friendly bunch!And being able to get takeaway delivered to your room is a nice touch!I couldn't recommend this place any higher!!	
Dec 21 2004	Great stay no problems at all.	I stayed two nights at Hotel 31 in January 2004. The staff was professional and friendly. The lobby looked renovated and well-kept. My room was clean, complete with sink and a tv that had plenty of channels to keep me entertained. I saw no rodents at all. This was my first time staying at a hostel, so I was concerned about the shared bathroom situation, only to find the bathroom very clean as well. Fortunately, I never had to wait to use it. It was convenient having a good grocery store at the corner across the street, as well as a Domino's pizzeria next to that. I was pleased to discover Hotel 31 is located in a good neighborhood. Great place I highly recommend to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan on a budget. I'd gladly stay there again.	
Dec 20 2004	Excellent Value!	This place is fantastic! It's very clean, and the bathroom was always available. Neither of us had to wait to use it, ever. The man at the front desk (regretfully, didn't get his name) was a joy, very friendly, very helpful.The only complaint I have is that we couldn't control the temperature in our room. It was approximately 40F outside. Our room was roasting! We had the window open and the air conditioner running all night. It was only a minor inconvenience though.This is an excellent value!	
Dec 18 2004	Good price good character	When we arrived here we were pleased by the hotel, and remained so throughout the stay - very typical old NY, all dark wood, maroon and patterned wallpaper. There was even a crazy old lady staring at us in the lobby with seemed to make it very authentic!!Rooms were clean and comfy, it was good to have a sink in the room and the bathroom was always free. We liked the feel of this whole place and would recommend it.	
Dec 11 2004	good budget hotel in a nice location	Just been there for a few days on holiday, place is* conveniently located (2 min walk to Empire State or 28th/33rd St. stops of 4,5,6 metro lines)* small room, but not too much (though there was no place to put clothes, aside from a small hanger)* absolutely no-frills small tv with a handful of viewable stations, no internet, no independent heating - actually room was a bit on the cool side)* reasonably clean (not 100% spotless but okay)* budgetwise very convenientI'd recommend it for a max 3 night stay, or if you're mostly out in the city (which may not be the case if you happen to be cursed with rain 3 days in a row...).	
Dec 11 2004	Great For New York	Alot more than I expected, Hotels in New york are VERY VERY Expensive and as a student I couldn't really afford it untill I found Hotel 31. Hotel 31 offered me the chance to see New York at a very cozy hotel. The room was small but just right for 2 people, the shared bathroom was never a problem always vacant when needed and always plenty off hot water and pressure (2 things my girlfriend was scared about). The bathroom were always cleaned daily. If you don't feel like blowing all your money on a hotel but still desire a nice stay at a good location (Near Subway) I recommend Hotel 31.	
Dec 8 2004	Just great	It's not THE HOTEL but it's very nice to stay in Hotel 31. We visited NYC this november and it was just great. The room is a little small but nice. Robert on the lobby was very helpfull. We will return!	
Dec 8 2004	Fab place on a budget	We were greeted by receptionist Richard, he was very helpful. Rooms were small,but clean and it had cable tv. You don't normally stay in room long enough to worry about size. The hotel is very nr Empire state building (2 blocks) i found it very easy to get about from this hotel, subway is only around the corner. Richard even arranged a limo to pick us up aswell. i cannot fault this hotel at all.	
Dec 5 2004	Perfect traveler's hotel!	This is a wonderful little hotel for travelers on a budget or if, like me, you just like to stay in NYC overnight and don't want a lot of fuss and bother. Hotel 31 is clean, friendly, cosy and charming. The building is old and so there are many &quot;quaint&quot; features. The rooms are small, but still inviting and perfectly comfortable. I had a cute little TV, a bed lamp, desk, dresser, sink with hair dryer and amenities and coat rack. I didn't have any problem with the shared bath; the bathrooms are like your bathroom at home, not shower stalls like at the Y. The halls were quiet, the location is excellent and the price can't be beat. I will definitely stay there again. Oh...and I promised Richard I would mention him by name - he's the evening guy at the front desk and is very helpful and personable!	
Nov 26 2004	Great budget choice	Hotel 31 is an excellent budget option if you're in Manhattan to enjoy the city. There are few amenities (not even cable TV) but when I'm in NYC, any waking moments spent in my room are wastes of precious time I could be spending out on the streets enjoying the city. If you want a safe, clean room and bathroom (shared bathroom options are fine; they're cleaned frequently and I never had to wait longer than a few minutes to shower) and plan to spend most of your time enjoying the city, Hotel 31 is an excellent choice. If you tend to hang out in your room and want to waste your time watching TV, go elsewhere. My rating of &quot;above average&quot; takes into account location, safety, cleanliness and value for my vacation dollar. It's far from the nicest hotel when the room and amenities alone are my only consideration. It would cost at least $300/night in NYC for me to find the basic amenities I'd get in an average hotel in other cities. At $85/night for my room at Hotel 31, I can spend the spend the price difference on at least one play and high end meals each day.	
Nov 26 2004	Great !!!	We stayed at Hotel 31 in New York City between November 17 and November 21, 2004. We were very pleased with the location of the hotel. The room is a little small but very clean. The bathroom was only a few doors down and never had to wait for it. The bathroom was always very clean. For the price we paid, I think its a great deal. We highly recommend Hotel 31. The staff were very nice and helpful. I will surely be staying there again in the future.	
Nov 25 2004	Great Hotel for the price you pay!!!	We stayed in this hotel for 4nights, and thought it was excellent. It's really cheap, very clean, and very helpful and friendly staff. The only down side is it's a shared bathroom, but that turned out to not be a problem at all. It's also very clean, and you have a sink in your room.I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget or just people not willing to waste money on a fancy hotel, as it was very nice, and in a great location (only two blocks to the empire state building!!)They also have a luggage room, so that you don't have to drag your cases around on your last day, and a very resonable check-out time of mid-day!Thanks for a wonderful stay Hotel 31!	
Nov 9 2004	I'd stay there again...	My husband and I stayed at Hotel 31 for 3 nights in mid-October. The room was small, but for as much time as we spent in the room it was fine. We had a shared-bath room, but were conveniently located to 2 baths, and never had to wait except for each other, just as we would in any hotel room. The bathroom was clean, the rooms were clean enough, and it was surprisingly quiet in the hotel considering all rooms were full.The location was very convenient for us, just a few buildings from Park Ave. and the neighborhood was fine even very late at night, though I didn't travel alone. I'm glad we stayed so cheaply - I'd rather spend the money on all the other fun things in NYC.	
Oct 29 2004	FANTASTIC	We stayed at Hotel 31 from the 21st to the 25th of oct and couldn't fault the place. On arrival we were offered a room that was right next to the bathroom and that had a view of the Empire State Building, we were then escorted to our room by ZIGGY look out for him if you go he's a bit mad. The room was a bit small but was very clean and in good condition , the maids came every day so the room was always clean and tidy when we got back. The location is exellent whith the subway station 33rd street just around the corner we bought a Metro card for $26 which gave you unlimited use for a week very handy to get around with. We would recomend Hotel 31 to anyone looking for a good hotel on a budget it's well worth what you pay to stay there.	
Oct 23 2004	A great wee place	I stayed here for five nights from Oct 15th to 20th,and I cannot fault this hotel,indeed I have stayed in hotels costing two and three times more and Hotel 31 beats them.I am not going to write anything new but simply agree with everything good that has already been written.What I will comment on is issues that other previous reviews have raised ,mainly shared bathrooms and the delay in hot water,and all I can say is that neither were an issue in any way during my stay,each morning and night I had a hot shower with instant hot water(at power shower pressure),and I never once had to wait for a bathroom.Hotel 31 is an absolute bargain and the staff were unbelivably friendly,I will give one example,coming from a small Scottish island the New York subway was something that I was wary of and asked the reception staff if they could explain how to use it,to my astonishment I was taken to the nearest subway station and explained the uptown and downtown stations.The location of Hotel 31 is the icing on the cake,go to NY and see how central it is and if you want to feel real smug look up the prices of other hotels nearby.We all need clean decent safe hotels charging reasonable rates and for that Hotel 31 deserves to be far higher up this list than it is	
Oct 22 2004	Amazin stay at Hotel 31	I stayed at this hotel on the 8th October to the 15th with 2 of my friends. Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly guy at front desk called Robert! he was fantastic he made sure everything was all sorted for us. The room was fine no problems what so ever with our room after the first couple of nights they changed our room for us which was great of them. We had a private bathroom so no problems at all with that, i loved the hotel wallpaper and layout it was perfect. We are all students so the price was fantastic and you definitely get more than you pay for. The hotel is like right around the corner from the Empire State building i mean who can complain!!! The neighbourhood area felt fine no problems as a girl of 17 i was a bit worried but i had no problems with walking round to the local Walgreens store for a snack stop at 10pm. Lastly, the staff there were fantastic all very friendly and very helpful especially Robert!! hes fantastic and its definitely worth staying here if just for him!! Had a brilliant time in NYC because i stayed here!! The hotel is like a home from home!  Will definitely be back next year and will use this hotel cant wait!	
Oct 18 2004	Top Quality Budget Hotel	If you're going to be going to New York City on a budget than Hotel 31 is the place for you. My girlfriend and I stayed there from October 12th to the 15th and it was everything we hoped for. I was more than a little wary at the thought of a shared bathroom, but it was very clean. Only once during our stay were both bathrooms on the floor occupied, but I didn't need it at the moment so it didn't pose a problem for me. The room is small, but who goes to New York City to hang out in a hotel room anyways? Having a sink and mirror in the room is also very convenient. As for location it's only three blocks from the Empire State Building and in, what seems to me was, a safe neighbourhood.	
Oct 7 2004	allright.	I stayed at Hotel 31 from Sep 30-Oct 5 2004 and I thought this hotel was average. I stayed on the 8th floor that had shared bath. Having the shared bathroom was no problem because my room was right next to the bathroom and it was constantly cleaned. My compliants about my room would be that it didn't have cable. I only had 4 basic channels that were working but were fuzzy. We called down to the front desk and he said they didn't have cable that they only had satellite to get the basic channels...whatever...Also, my floor was pretty creepy especially walking in the hallways and waiting for the elevator. We meet a lady that just checked in and checked out the same day 'cause the place kinda gave her the creeps too. All in all, it was an okay place to stay for cheap.	
Oct 7 2004	So Charming!	My husband and I just spent a long weekend in NY and stayed at Hotel 31. I booked our trip through Expedia and I had originally booked with another hotel. I read terrible reviews about the other place being really dirty and spooky, so I did some research here on tripadvisor and I read terrific reviews about Hotel 31. We changed our reservations over to 31 and we were not disappointed! Hotel 31 is so clean and SO CHARMING! It's a small old fashioned hotel with lots of character. The hallways are dim and narrow, but immaculate! We were on a budget and wanted to stay somewhere well located and clean yet inexpensive and this was definitely the place! I was a little bit worried about the shared bathroom, but my fears were erased once we got there. There are two single restrooms on each floor. They have a bathtub with shower, a sink and a toilet. They are NOT community bathrooms that you would find in a college dorm. During our stay at least one of the restrooms was available any time we needed to shower, etc. They must have been cleaned several times each day. Our room was tiny, but that's what I expected at such an inexpensive place. The room had a sink, tv, desk, AC and a comfy clean bed. Even though It was early October we still got a little warm from time to time and the window AC was wonderful! I would highly recommend this place for anyone who wants a charming old-fashioned clean place in a great location. I would also recommend the Moonstruck Cafe a few blocks down the street (away from Park Avenue) it is very colorful and has great breakfast. Also, the COSI on the corner of 31st and Park Ave. was perfect to grab a bagel and juice in the morning. I will definitely stay at Hotel 31 again...that is until I can afford to stay at the Plaza!	
Oct 4 2004	Poor value for money	Reading the reviews on this site lead me to expect something much better than we got. I'd expected a hotel with no unnecessary extras, but what we got for $85+tax was, in my opinion, a flop house. The decor in the room was spectacularly awful. It looked as if it had been decorated circa 1918. With a dim lightbulb, gray/brown wallpaper, a view on to a brick wall and a single sink (there was no toilet in the room) it was very depressing. The acient air-conditioning unit didn't work. The sheets were placed straight on to the matress. The was almost no hot water. Surprisingly, though, the hotel was full when we checked in. In short, I felt that what one lost in luxuries (if hot water can be called a luxury) wasn't made up for in cash saved.Hotel 31 does seem to do a good line in &quot;Isn't it terribly post-modern to pay top dollar to stay in a flop house?&quot; and makes capital from the fact that its sister hotel was used as the location for a Woody Allen film (they wanted an old fashioned sleazy New York hotel...). If that sort of thing appeals to you then maybe I could understand why you'd like it. But after a long trans-atlantic flight checking into Hotel 31 was about as welcome as losing one's luggage or being overcharged on the cab-ride.	
Sep 15 2004	Great spot.	This place was great. The staff were helpful. The old guy thats at reception is a bit mad but a good laugh and the location is great. The only thing that was slightly wrong was that our room was a little small, but thats nothing much to complain about.We'd stayed the week before over in the terrible Carter Hotel off Times Square before heading to Boston and back to New York again. On our return we stayed here. There's a few great places for breakfast 2 minutes away and for the night its only a five minute walk over to 3rd for some great restaurants and bars between 26th and 30th. This hotel is in a great location and for the price, is more that worth it. Keep in mind that you'll only fit 2 people with luggage in the tiny elevator though!	
Sep 9 2004	Great place	My daughter and I stayed here for three nights in July. Good location,clean rooms.We would stay here again.	
Sep 9 2004	31st Street's Wonderful Little Secret near Park Avenue	I made a last minute trip to NYC during the Labour Day weekend. I booked Hotel 31 directly at the company's website for $75 a night (pre-tax). That was cheaper than what all the other affiliated-websites that sold rooms for this hotel was offering on-line at the time. I think the lesson is shop-and-compare-and-shop-some-more. Finding the hotel was a cinch! It is near the 6th Line's 33rd Street station. The hotel is within walking distance from the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station and Penn Station. Little Korea is a five minute stroll from there (there's an Internet cafe in Little Korea that charges $2 per hour, in case you're interested). Hotel 31's immediate vicinity is clean and safe. The area west of the hotel is dotted with many self-serve buffet eateries (hint: No tipping therefore you can save $$$!!) that serve a wonderful array of yummies anywhere between $4.99 and $5.99 a pound (Sept 2004 prices).Initially, I was concerned about sharing bathrooms with total strangers. Well, that turned out to be a non-issue. In fact, the experience kind of reminded me of how I would use my own house's bathroom. How much time do most single, young people spend in the washroom in a typical day anyhow? The hotel obviously has a round-the-clock cleaning schedule, because the washroom was always clean whenever I used it. There is also a sink and hair dryer in your room, so it was really convenient in the AMs (I'm a guy, so all I do is shave and dry my washed hair). There was one time when both bathrooms on my floor were occupied. So I just went to another floor. The air-conditioner worked, the TV's a bit small, but hey, I was not in NYC to watch TV. The weather channel and CNN were really all I needed to have in the background in the AMs while I shaved. The elevator's an education onto itself. Really quite charming.I truly have no complaints. The staff was great and courteous. During chek-in, I would mention that you researched them on TripAdvisor.com and that the favourable comments on that website was what won you over. I did that when I checked in, and I did notice the front desk staff (Bob) seemed impressed. I think it is just common sense to let our service providers know that their customers take the old Latin addage &quot;caveat emptor&quot; seriously; this way, I believe, we increase our chances of receiving serious service, even in at a low-cost hotel. BTW, the other front desk person who was really nice was Tariq. Let him know he's famous, thanks to this website ; )I am definitely staying there again!	
Sep 8 2004	Quite good !	In spite of some discouraging reviews about this hotel, we book one night in this hotel and we were quite satisfied of the welcome we received and of the room. The bedroom was tiny but quite clean and shared bathroom were cleaned regurlarly. AC was working well (which was a a great service for the hot and wet weather we had), even if it was a little bit noisy.All the hotel staff was polite and very kind. A good bargain in NY !	
Sep 4 2004	outstanding	this was my first time leaving California. Hotel 31 was extremely clean and the staff was beyond belief. Almost all the major attractions that I wanted to view were nearby. my next trip to new york, I plan to stay at Hotel 31.	
Sep 4 2004	small hotel	A very very small room, but who goes to New York for the hotel room.It is located in a great location near mant points of intrest.The TV was 10Inch's the bed was rock hard.The room did not meet the $85 room rate, please spend $20-30 extra and stay somewhere decent.	
Aug 27 2004	delightful experience	skeptical because of reviews, however, i was delightfuly suprised at what a nice little place it was. small room, but wasn't there to hang out in the room. it was perfect for the time i was in the room. had a great view of the top of the empire state building. bathrooms always clean and almost always available. staff extremely nice and helpful. didn't see a single bug. very relaxing and i was very happy i decided to stay there. when i go back i will be staying there again. don't believe the bad reviews!!	
Aug 16 2004	Want to be comfortable for cheap	This place was recommended to me and I will recommend it to you. It's just like spending the night at a relatives house. Nice clean room and friendly staff---I didn't have any problems w/ the staff except for when I asked for extra pillows. I didn't receive them until the following evening. Also there weren't any little friends in the rooms (e.g. roaches, mice rats etc.) you've gotta love that!!!!If you want to stay at the Ritz this is not the place for you but if you want a couple of nights at your favorite aunt and uncle's house they've got a room for you at Hotel 31.	
Aug 3 2004	Yep!!!	Stayed at the Hotel 31 in May 2004. Read mixed reviews about it but mostly seemed people said the staff was rude - well....it's New York. Anyway, personally I like a more rustic hotel as long as it is CLEAN. My room at the Hotel 31 was very clean. The room itself was more spacious than I thought it would be with a double and single bed. Air conditioning worked great. Bathroom was small but other than that it was fine. The hotel is an older hotel with a very small elevator. It can only fit maybe 3 people with their bags. It's old and slow but original and fun. All and all I really enjoyed the old charm of this hotel and was happy with the room and the cleanliness of it. Staff was just fine! It's not The Ritz but if you want something clean and comfortable with a little odd charm - stay here! I would stay here again!!	
Jul 28 2004	A cheap and clean hotel!	This hotel is very well located, near major points of interest. Cleanliness was important to me because I took the &quot;Shared Bathroom&quot; type of room. The room was pretty small but cleaned every day. The bathroom were cleaned very often and I always was able to take a shower there. No waiting. There are 2 bathrooms on each floor.Staff was kind and for that price, you won't get any better on Manhattan!!!Highly Recommended for people on a budget!	
Jul 23 2004	Not Bad...	I know I'm kind of late writing this review cuz' a friend and i stayed here about a yr ago in 2003. But the hotel was very nice to be about $80 a nite. Clean Room and never had to wait for the bathroom (although i recommend bringing like bathtub spray to clean the tub cuz' i did see a few pubic hairs lol) Altogether very decent.	
Jul 16 2004	I liked it!	The location was convenient and seemed safe. The staff was courteous and helpful, they even gave umbrellas to guests when it was raining. The room and bathroom were clean and the air conditioning worked well enough. It was a good value for the money in NYC. I noticed the following problems: The elevator broke for about an hour or two and people had to use the stairway but it was fixed after that, and the hot water was o.k. but not really that hot. Still I would stay there again. I have stayed in a few places in NYC (The Washington Square Hotel, and the Holiday Inn in the Financial District), and I liked this place better.	
Jul 11 2004	Pretty good for the money	Not a bad place. Good location, close to the Empire State Building and not too far from the subway. Recently remodeled, so everything's nice and new. Only problem was that even though the front desk guy said that all the rooms were nonsmoking, my room still smelled like smoke. Sorry to all you smokers out there, but you know it's true...Smoke is the worst and most persistent stench there is. My clothes all stank like I was a pack a day smoker after two nights here. Never waited for the bathroom. Never even saw anyone else using the bathroom.	
Jul 10 2004	so charming!	I stayed at Hotel 31 with my partner recently for two nights. We had a great time! The decor was very charming - very new york - and the old-fashioned elevator was great. we had a view of the empire state building out our window. i didn't find the hotel noisy at all. we had a shared bathroom, and never had problems with it - once my partner went to shower and the bathroom closest to us was occupied, but there was another just a little down the hall that was free. and we had a sink in our room so that helped. everything was very clean and tidy, never saw any bugs or anything like that. the location was good, it felt very safe, and just a short subway ride or walk to everything we wanted to go to. it was quite convenient for us. overall, we will definitly stay at hotel 31 the next time we visit new york!	
Jun 26 2004	Great Location at a reasonable price	We stay in a double shared bath for one day and then a double twin with private bath for three more days during mid-May.The double room was very small and with no views (facing a wall) but it do have the basics like TV, alarm, air-con, etc. The shared bath was clean and we didn't need to wait for it. Maybe since we used it at around mid-night, we don't have the problem of inadequate hot-water supply.The double twin room was more spacious and do worth the extra $40, especially since we have 3 persons staying. It had a view of the city.Overall the hotel is small but clean, and the staff are friendly and helpful. We don't need a big room anyway since we're not coming all the way to New York for a hotel stay! The location is safe and convenient, and many attractions and restaurants are within walking distance. It's also close to the subway station. Would definitely recommend to anyone who are travelling on a budget.	
Jun 23 2004	Perfect Location for a Great Price!	Perfect location - Desmonds Tavern (Irish bar) is round the corner on Park Ave, its a must! Tons of restaurants down the road on 3rd Av, 24hr deli directly opposite the hotel &amp; 33st subway station v. close by as is Empire State building &amp; Macys. Hotel room was very very small &amp; had absolutely horrendous dark tartan wallpaper which made the room dark but it was very clean with tv, video, hairdryer &amp; brilliant air con. Queen size bed was tiny though &amp; hot water didnt last long. Maids &amp; caretakers were v. friendly, our toilet became blocked &amp; it was fixed within 30 mins of reporting it. You cant really cant beat this hotel for location &amp; price I'd definitly stay here again!	
Jun 23 2004	Great location budget Hotel	Small but clean and in a very convenient location.Very close to Empire State Building and Times Square. The shared bath was kept constantly clean . Since most travellers live outside of the hotel most of the day, the small size and the shared bath are not a big issue.Price reasonable considering midtown Manhattan.All in all recommended!	
Jun 20 2004	Great Location Small but CLEAN!!!	Great Location and safe neighborhood with lots of restaurants nearby. Arrived to persons cleaning the stairway and front windows and entry doors. I took this as a good sign. It was!! Very clean looking with tiny lobby and tiny elevator.... quaint, old and well maintained though. We got a doublebed room with private bath. The room was a little dark and smallish but clean!!! Didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room anyway... We're in New York!!! A/C worked well and bathroom was immaculate and new looking with good towels with shampoo and soap provided. Hot water was not real hot though (probably used during peak morning times). Beautifully old quaint rooms with unusual wallpaper. Can't beat the location and price (believe me, I spent a lot of time researching). I would definitely reccommend to others and would stay here again!!!	
Jun 11 2004	Very New York	Hotel 31 was much more than I expected for a budget hotel. The rooms are quaint and clean and the hotel has a very New York feel to it. It's within walking distance to some attractions and also close to the subway. It was grand!!!	
May 20 2004	Great Experience	Hotel 31 was excellent and would recommend it to anyone. It was small, but I didn't need anything big. We opted for the shared bath, which was just fine - it was right next door to the room. The room was clean and little things like a clock radio, provided soap and towels made it a good experience. Staff was friendly and efficient, and you can't beat the location, close to a subway stop.	
May 20 2004	no hot water	My friend and I chose this hotel because it was the best deal we got from orbitz (75USD/night). We had a shared bath, which was clean, but I had to wait for 30 minutes to get the hot water, and often the hot water was gone in 3 minutes. The air conditioning in our room wasn't working, so we couldn't adjust the temporature when it was too cold or too hot. The towels didn't look very clean, but maybe it was because the dim light of the room. The moisture of the sheets made me sleep uncomforably during the night. 	
May 12 2004	Good choice for a leisure traveller	I stayed at the Hotel 31 for three nights in early May. It is a great hotel for the price. I stayed at the room with private bath. The hallways are kind of cramped, but the room was a decent size. Clean room, clean bathroom, friendly service. For $100/night it's hard to find a better deal in NYC, i.e. a good room with a private bath. For a leisure traveller or a tourist who doesn't require luxury but just needs a clean, safe place to stay while in NY this is a great choice. 	
May 11 2004	Convenient and nice Budget Hotel	It worth the money. If you are looking for a budget hotel, good location (waking distance to Empire State and Macy's) and easy acess to the subway it is the hotel. Simple and clean (shared baths always clean) but no sophistication.	
Apr 26 2004	Stay away.	I stayed in NYC at the Hotel31 for 7 days in March 2004. I found their ad in a gay rag paper. Although they are not a 'gay hotel', they advertise heavily in gay media.The hotel was way below what you can expect.When I arrived, they couldn't find my reservation anymore; they blamed their internet company for that. I was lucky though, the requested kind of room was still available. The heating did not work in my room, it was freezing cold. A few days after I requested additional blankets I finally got them. Hotel staff did not fix the heating, they said simply that on the upper floors the heating system doesn't work properly. For several days the only elevator did not work. Not much fun when your room is on floor 8. TV didn't work either, and the telephone had its problems as well, due to a 'software problem', as reception staff let me know.Most annoying was that the guy at the reception desk took money from my credit card account that was NOT AUTHORIZED by me. That's like taking cash directly out of your pocket without asking.Don't need to tell you that there were no refunds for anything. I could add a few more things. Yes, Hotel31's rates are low, but you don't get anything but a bad hotel. Spend a few extra bucks and go somewhere more reliable.	
Apr 21 2004	Bargain!	All in all it was very good and certainly worth the money. The hotel was cheap and cheerfull and was very clean. We had shared bathroom facilities but that was fine and they were cleaned on a regular basis. Whatsmore, the hotel is ideally located in Manhatten and everything is in quick reach. Definatley would recommend it.	
Apr 5 2004	A budget traveller's dream	After staying in Hotel 31 for 2 times (Aug 03 &amp; Apr 04) my girlfriend and I come up with the conclusion that the previous user's reviews are true : this is a nice little hotel for budget travellers. Safe, quiet, clean, good location (subway station 1 block away). The room was small but with the best air-conditioning - and most importantly, the best bed (mattress) we have ever experienced. ( We compare to those few budget hotels we stayed ). Both of us enjoyed so much getting a good night's sleep after a day of exploring NY on foot. Comfortable temperature, clean sheets, quietness and yes the romantic little red blind all make both of us coming back and stay here again. Friendly staff, peaceful atmosphere	
Mar 28 2004	Just the ticket	We spent 5 nights July 2003 here, the room was small but extremely functional.We had a shared bath room, which was always clean and there were plenty, so we rarely waited.The staff were really helpful with advice, transport etc, and there's a launderette just around the corner!The location meant that Time Square was approx. 5-10 minute walk away, it was a perfect base.For the little money we paid it is a brilliant hotel.	
Mar 18 2004	Great value for NYC.	Turned up to Hotel 31 which we had already checked out using the Trip Advisor service to find out that our room had been sold on to someone else despite booking months in advance.... and we were not the only ones in this situation!! Not a good start when we had been travelling for over 18hrs. The staff offered us another room which was sufficient if not really acceptable for our first night in the US but we soldiered on. We should really have been offered some form of compensation for our inconvenience but we weren't.....never mind things did get better from then. For the price we paid we stayed in a basic room, with a view of the Empire State Building which although small was always clean and very functional, oh and the shared bathrooms were cleaned constantly. We always felt completely safe and secure. The hotel was located in a very central location, had a dry cleaners/ laundrette, gym and 24hr deli across the street, a fantastic Japanese restaurant next door and a very friendly Irish bar just around the corner on 3rd Avenue (Kavanaghs). For $69 a night and tax we really could not have asked for more. I would have given it 5 stars if they could have sorted out their reservation and booking procedures prior to our arrival. Not for the pretentious in our society, just those wishing to travel in comfort on a budget.	
Mar 16 2004	Did the job	Hotel 31 was great. The staff was very helpful and courteous.Yeah, the space was small, but we didn't go to New York to stay in a hotel. The room was clean and not noisy. I loved the location, since we could jump on the subway which was only a block or two away. The safety was not even a concern since the hotel is in a pretty decent neighborhood. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. Great value.	
Mar 14 2004	A good Hotel for those on a budget	I stayed at the Hotel 31 March 11 for 2 nights and overall I would have to say it wasn't a bad experience. If you don't like old hotels with small rooms and shared baths this would probably not be a good hotel for you. The elevator was a bit small fitting only about 2 people at a time comfortably; the stairs and hallway were somewhat narrow, this could be a problem when many people stay at the hotel. That being said if you are just looking for a nice room with the basics such as TV, in room sink, towels, soap, shampoo, and a semi comfortable bed this just might be the hotel you are looking for. The room was cleaned everyday and I had no problems with the staff. The shared bath was also clean and had hot water when I needed it. The hotel was within walking distance from the Empire State building. The subway was but a short hike from the hotel. The area seem to be safe and out of the way of the major traffic. I stayed on the 3rd floor and the room had a window AC for the summer and room was comfortably warm. The window had a nice view of a brickwall if that matters. Overall, given the area and price of nearby hotels this hotel is a good value for the money for those on a budget	
Feb 16 2004	good enough for me	Well, I was very apprehensive at first. The staff was nice, I had never been in a little elevator that you had to pull this metal gate first! And my room was small, but I rather liked it. THe hallways are narrow, but everything was clean. It looked like I had a new bedspread on the bed, the carpet was tattered somewhat and the tv reception was poor, only a few channels could I get. But the bathroom was clean, and I didn't have to share one! The second day I was there, I was in my room and someone knocked on the door saying &quot;room service&quot;. Since I hadn't ordered room service I said I didn't need anything. I went out later and returned thinking housekeeping would have changed the sheets, which I really don't care about , and it was not done. So now I know room service is considered housekeeping! The hotel is close to everything, and I would stay there again if I did not want to spend a lot of $. The roomsa re heated with a steam radiator, which I really liked, the air wasn't so dry. If you want cheap, it is a good place.	
Feb 4 2004 	Better than nothing but shabby and unclean.	As I had an appointment in midtown, we opted to stay here. From the other comments, I expected better than we got. We went for a room with a private bath and got a good price from Orbitz ($85), but our first room (615, facing the street) had a large crack in the door--you could see right into the room from the hallway. So we switched, and the second room on the same floor at least had an intact door, but it just wasn't up to standard: no mattress pad, just sheets over the mattress. There was a blood stain on the comforter. It's certainly better than nothing, but we're not staying here again.	
Jan 28 2004	Fine value for the money	Hotel 31 was my 3rd attempt to stay in NYC for under $100 per night, and by far the most successful.They've done a nice job with the renovation. Everything was in working order. The maids were never seen, yet our room was always made upon our return from town. The staff was helpful and friendly.On the negative side, there were some cobwebs along the ceiling that the staff should have seen and removed. Little things like that can make a big impression. It's all about detail. Also, east 31st Street is rather noisy, so beware if your room overlooks the street.In short, Hotel 31 is a real bargain. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jan 25 2004	Good location good price	This hotel was in a great location for strolling to sites or catching a metro. Services nearby were decent. The price was 65 per night with a bathroom down the hallway. The room was very small, but hey, we are only in there to rest! The place was clean and they delivered pillows and towels promptly upon request. There was one cold morning (where's the heat?) but otherwise it was a comfortable temperature. There was a noisy room down the hall, but we were exhausted from enjoying the Big Apple so we slept anyway! This is a good backpacker/bargain traveller hotel. Beats a crowded hostel, but it is no Ritz!! Go for it.	
Dec 29 2003	Cozy stay	Well I don't really want to give you a play by play of my stay at Hotel 31 but I will address the concerns that most travellers seems to encounter along the way and see if I can relieve any needless worries about this hotel. If you have any extra questions then please contact me and I will be as helpful as possible. First of all, I booked through the Hotel 31 website. I know that in this day of cheap websites offering such incredible deals that probably seems quite silly but after reading so many reviews of people who showed up at their hotel to find no reservation in their name I was taking no chances.ARRIVAL- The staff was absoloutely wonderful!! Not grumpy like at some hotels that I have heard of. We drove down to the city and had the car parked in front and the gentleman there was delighted to offer advice on parking lots.. and the place that I had planned to park was blocks away and more expensive!! Also we were allowed to check in hours ahead of schedule which was so appreciated.ROOM- Well I think I have a pretty good grasp on what people generally complain about so let say right now that you cannot do cartwheels in this room. There is more than two feet on either side of the bed and the same at the foot and then you encounter the dresser with the TV on top. Plently of storage space for clothes in the drawers and although there is a coatrack of sorts...with rods for hangers not with hooks....there was a shortage of hangers so packing a few would come in handy. There is no bar fridge but there is an ice machine on the first floor behind the elevator so we just made daily trips down and filled the sink with beer. For $105us a night I stayed in a room with a private bathroom which is one of those comforts that I just can't see doing without. Many of the hotels that I looked at would have had me share a bathroom for the same price so I feel that I lucked out. In brief the bathroom was nicer than I expected with a high shower and nice clean (and not ancient) toilet sink and tub. Again please don't expect to do cartwheels in the space.MAID SERVICE- hmmnn.. well this is a tough one. See I have very low expectations when it comes to this sort of thing. I have become quite used to cleaning up after myself and I'll be honest and let you know that I do not change my sheets at home every single day so I never really understand when I read one of these reviewers complaing about that. I know that my sheets were changed although I couldn't say for sure how frequently. I would guess at every second night although I could certainly be wrong.OVERALL- I'm not sure what else is important to know about this hotel. The shower was hot.. the room was warm enough for winter... it was never noisy. Sure the elevator is tiny but I figure that that's just part of the charm of staying in one of those small NY hotels. Cable television was quite basic but for the amount of time that we spent in the room the 8 or so channels did us fine *hint* unplug to get the first few channels in clearly and plug it back in to watch the rest. A clock radio was nice as were the tiny soaps and shampoos. For the price I was quite happy with my stay and would definitely go back.	
Dec 17 2003	Misrepresentation	The price I was quoted was $75.00 per night. I was charged $85.00 per night and was told that they never charged less than that. However, in this article they are quoting $60.00 per night. No where in the information presented by your organization about Hotel 31 was information that the room we were given had no bathroom in the room. For a male over 60 that becomes a major inconvenience. From the glowing reports given on your web site, we thought we were going to be staying in a nice up-scale hotel, not a flop house!	
Dec 2 2003	A Great Place....		
Oct 27 2003	Great Deal For the Price		
Oct 9 2003	Great little hotel		
Sep 10 2003	Good Hotel apart from.....		
Jul 29 2003	Great Deal for NYC		
Jul 25 2003	Perfectly fine		
Jul 14 2003	Good for the price and location		
Feb 11 2003	Great experience		
Jan 8 2003	Safe and Clean		
Nov 11 2002	Can't Wait To Go Back!		
Sep 15 2009 	Einfach aber super!		
Sep 5 2009 	Un gran hotel para visitar NY		
Sep 4 2009 	J'y retournerai ...		
Sep 2 2009 	Solution économique pour New York		
Jul 26 2009 	le vrai New-York		
Jul 13 2009 	Einfach sauber gut!!		
Jul 10 2009 	Idealement situe a mi-chemin entre up et dowtown		
Jun 30 2009 	très bien situé		
Jun 2 2009 	Una buona base per visitare Manhattan		
Apr 17 2009 	Ottimo!		
Apr 15 2009 	Contentísimo con el Hotel.. hasta que llegué a casa		
Mar 26 2009 	Excelente relacion calidad-precio		
Mar 21 2009	Klasse Preis-/Leistungsverhältniss!!!		
Mar 7 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix/emplacement		
Mar 7 2009 	Centrale pulito economico		
Feb 28 2009 	A ne pas rater		
Jan 31 2009 	Vraiment un très on hôtel bien situé très propre et bon marché		
Jan 11 2009	Hotel 31 ¡¡estafadores!!		
Jan 7 2009 	??????		
Nov 3 2008	Bon rapport qualité/prix situation excellente		
Sep 30 2008 	Beste Lage für angemessenes Geld		
Sep 14 2008 	muy bien situado		
Sep 7 2008 	bon hôtel bien situé pas cher		
Sep 6 2008 	Acogedor limpio volveria sin lugar a dudas!!!		
Aug 25 2008 	Super Touristen Hotel		
Aug 25 2008 	Correcto		
Jul 18 2008 	Merece la pena		
Jun 17 2008 	Hotel buono rapparto qaulità/prezzo		
Jun 15 2008 	carino pulito centralissimo!		
Jun 7 2008 	Bin begeistert !!		
May 29 2008 	super sauberes zentrales Hotel		
Apr 20 2008 	Einfaches Hotel mit super Lage		
Mar 26 2008	Fantástica localización		
Mar 12 2008 	Un bon hotel !		
Mar 10 2008	Menudo desastre		
Dec 28 2007 	Super pour les petits budgets		
Nov 27 2007 	Eher Hostel als Hotel		
Aug 18 2007	Super endroit à un bon prix		
Jun 18 2007	Hôtel de trés bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jun 13 2007	Impecable!!!		
May 29 2007 	Sehr nett ...		
May 21 2007 	ottima posizione ottimo prezzo		
May 9 2007	Buena relación calidad-precio para NY		
Mar 31 2007	Excellent hotel pour voir NYC avec un petit budget		
Sep 7 2006 	carino e pulito!!!		
