	Pleasantly surprised. Excellent value.	We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Found out about it on Tripadvisor and wasn't dissappointed. Found the best rate on the hotel's website as the travel sites did not account for the AAA discount. Room was bigger than expected ( for NY standards) and appeared to have been renovated recently. Staff was friendly and helpful. It was not a luxury hotel by any means but extremely nice for the price. Subway was 1 block away and Central Park was about 3 blocks. Would definitely stay there again.	
	Skip if looking for luxury	Just stayed at The Lucerne over Thanksgiving. I'll make it simple: if you are used to luxury hotels and are hoping to have found an inexpensive gem on the UWS you will be sadly disappointed. If you are used to mid or low range chains, you might be pleasantly surprised. This is not a luxury hotel by any definition. And like the other choice in the neighborhood - On the Ave - it is also the permanent home to at least several long-term residents grandfathered in by NY rent control laws, so don't be surprised to smell cooking or see a small family living in a one room. In my opinion, this slice of New York life does not add character, rather it gives the hotel an air of being a flop house, highlighted by the drab, institutional hallways, cheap blankets, grimy shower curtains, unhelpful and cheerless staff, and a general sense of disease... In sum: I can not recommend for anyone who is accustomed to 4 or 5 star hotels. It is 3 stars at best, and less if you take into account the permanent resident situation.	
	Lovely hotel very comfortable great location	Beautifully restored and tastefully decorated hotel. Our standard double room with queen sized bed was spacious, comfortable and welcoming. Staff are friendly and helpful. Great location on the upper west side - a stone's throw from Central Park (and a very pleasant walk through the park to 'museum mile'). Subway downtown just a 2 minute walk. Breakfast wasn't included with the room but in retrospect we were glad as it gave us the chance to sample breakfast in a new cafe or diner on each of the 4 days of our stay - none of them more than 400 yards from our doorstep!	
Nov 17 2009 	Terrific Hotel can't wait to stay here again	What a pleasant surprise. We were looking for a hotel on the upper west side, as we attended a show at Lincoln Center. We visit NYC 3-5 times a year always trying different hotels. The Lucerne is a keeper. We can't wait to stay here again. The staff was attentive, the room large and elegant the area quiet. Great location for restaurants and shopping.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good 3*	Stayed with my partner for 5 night stay. Great location in the UWS, close to the 1 subway line, with loads of nice bars and restaurants close by. Dined at Scarletta's on 77th and Columbus, and at St James Gate on 81st, both good. Manhattan Diner and Cafe 82 also good for breakfast on Broadway.Hotel staff very pleasant, and accommodation was very, very tidy. However, room (#1201) was very small. We booked on a late deal with Expedia about 10days before we travelled, and I suspect the room reflected the price. We'd asked for a room on a high floor and were accommodated, but a room that (in hindsight) was smaller than advertised was disappointing. There was a desk, but no easy chair - there wasn't room.Also, although there was free wifi in the hotel, we travelled without our laptop, and so interet access only available through the business centre. $5 for 15 mins (apprx) was quite disappointing.We spent little time in the hotel (maybe necasuse the room was so small), but would call it a very smart 3* rather than anything grander	
Nov 13 2009 	Quiet hotel in great area	Clean Quiet hotel on the upper west side. We stayed here for our first week in New York. Thinking that we could settle into new york on the uper west side before moving into midtown on the second week. The Hotel has a great location very close to the subway and right in the middle of the upper west side. I think this region of New York is some what under rated, it had great shopping, fantastic resturants and multi cultural vibe.	
Nov 9 2009 	Worth the Money	After a whole lot of research, my former college roomates and I decided to stay at the Lucerne for a girls' reunion weekend. We were sooooo very pleased with the facilities and the courteousness of the staff. There were four of us, all coming from different parts of the country, some flying in and others driving. The staff went out of their way to open our suite early so the first of us was able to relax while waiting for the rest of the group to arrive. The suite was a fairly typical size for Manhattan--definitely not huge, but perfect for the four of us. The bedding was insanely comfortable--I'm a total bedding snob, and their pillows and linens rival what I have at home. Everything was meticulouslyly decorated and CLEAN!!! We all agreed we felt like we were at a spa. The location worked very well for us, as we knew we'd be spending most of our time on the Upper West Side. I would stay here again and again--it's so hard to find the right combination of affordability, elegance and professionalism when it comes to NYC's hotels, and The Lucerne is top-notch all the way.	
Nov 8 2009 	Extremely well pleased with the Lucerne	Trip Advisor reviews, rank 14 of 418 hotels and perfect location for our visit to the Natural History Museum and relatively reasonable rate made the Lucerne a best pick for our overnight in NYC. It was perfect in every way, beautifully furnished, roomy enough, clean, quiet and plush enough for us to feel pampered. Four of us in a double were quite comfortable. The beds were very comfy, the bath large and bright, nice carpet, draperies, pillows. Never heard the honking horns during sleep. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. There's nothing I didn't like at the Lucerne.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Location but Noisy	The Lucerne Hotel is in a great location in the Upper West Side. It is so convienient to Restaurants, Central Park, Museums, Subway, etc. The Lucerne is a nice,clean hotel with all convienences. It is surrounded by great restaurants, groceries, stores, bakeries and more. The corner of Amsterdam and West 79th is however noisy with traffic, cabs horns, emergency vehicle sirens, police sirens, garbage trucks, buses and more.Our room was two doors down from the elevator on the top floor and we herd the elevator bell all night and people coming and going. It is also a resident hotel so there is some chatter in the hallways. We would stay here again. Next time we will request a room with a refrigerator and a microwave for breakfast items from the neighboring bagel shops.	
Nov 5 2009 	great hotel great location	fabulous hotel in NYC. On Amsterdam Ave, walking distance from wonderful restaurants and bars ( Amsterdam Inn for a lively place). I stay at hotels all over the world and this is a reasonably priced very nice hotel in a quiet location. The service is excellent . The upper west side - walk to Central Park and the Museum of Nat History.	
Nov 3 2009 	Lovely classic hotel in a wonderful neighborhood.	We spent 4 days in New York and decided to stay in the upper west side. Requires a bit more walking and transit planning but very worth while. Very nice neighborhood and seems less hustle and bustle compared to being in mid-town. The Lucerne was great. Close the the park and lots of great restaurants. Very nice room with all the amenities for a pleasant stay. Would highly recommend it.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice hotel fantastic Upper West Side location	My husband and I stayed here for six nights in September. We were travelling with our 14-months old son and wanted to stay in a child-friendly area close to the park. I love Upper West Side but had never stayed here before. When we started to look for hotels in NY, we thought that The Lucerne was pretty expensive, but what hotel in this city isn't? We decided to book the Lucerne (with the AAA rate), and were happy that we did. We requested a room on a high floor and was put on the 10th floor. We stayed in a corner Deluxe Double Room, which was very spacious and perfect for our little boy to crawl around. We asked for a crib for our boy. The first one was really squeaky and woke him up every time he moved, but thankfully housekeeping replaced it with a quieter one.The room was very nice and well kept, so was the bathroom. The front desk staff was nice, not overly friendly but correct, the bellboys were super nice and helped us with our stroller every time we came and left.We had all of our meals out, but needed boiled water to make oatmeal for our baby, for which the coffee maker worked fine. The location is perfect if you're looking for a quieter area in New York (well, New York is never really quiet) or if you're travelling with children. It's two blocks from Central Park and Museum of Natural History. Our favorite breakfast place, Sarabeth's, is two blocks up on Amsterdam Av, couldn't have been better for us! A lot of strollers in the neighborhood and baby chairs in every restaurant that we went to. If we can't find a better deal next time, we'll definitely stay here again!	
Oct 28 2009 	My new favorite spot in the city: a lovely SILENT hotel room in NY!!	I just spent one night at the Lucerne, based solely on the fab reviews here. I've stayed at many hotels in town (Essex House, The London, Elysee, Dylan, Morgan's, The Hudson, etc.) and NONE of them could offer what the Lucerne provided: an absolutely SILENT room! When I say my room was silent, I do not mean that the traffic noise was really well-muffled. I mean that my room was absolutely silent all night long - like sleeping in a vault. There was no noise, no sounds. None. I slept from midnight until 7 AM, and the only sound I heard was my own breathing - and I'm not a loud breather. And here's the kicker - I was on the 4th floor! Go figure. When I checked in, I asked the delightful gentleman at the desk for the quietest room in the hotel. That is always my only request because I have super-sensitive ears &amp; can hear everything. I almost always end up resorting to earplugs whenever I'm in NY because it's the only way I can sleep. Never again. From now on, I'm only staying at the Lucerne. If silence is a necessary luxury for you, I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.I agree with everything everyone else has said about the spotlessness of the hotel, the charming decor, and the really spectacular staff. The bell staff opens the door for everyone, whether you're coming in or going out. That may sound like a lame thing to mention, but frankly, I find that it's a very nice touch. The front desk personnel are also exceptionally polite and pleasant. I love the location of the hotel for all of the reasons that have already been mentioned, by others. There is nothing negative that I can say about this hotel. It deserves all of the terrific reviews &amp; I can't wait to stay there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Clean affordable and great location.	This was a very nice place. The rooms were bigger than most we've seen in NYC, and very clean. The water pressure in the bathroom was amazing (it might sound weird to comment on that but because of the great water pressure that shower was awesome). The location also exceeded our expectations: a subway stop a block away; numerous restaurants and cool bars on Amsterdam/Broadway; Natural History Museum and Central Park only a few blocks away. The hotel also offers free wireless internet, which seems rare these days. Only minor complaints: it was pretty noisy when housekeeping started their work in the a.m., and the front desk staff was perfectly fine but didn't seem terribly eager to offer assistance. Really, though, this would be a great choice if you want to avoid the madness of Midtown but still have lots of eating/drinking/entertainment options close by.	
Oct 18 2009 	Would definitely recommend	My husband and I just returned from 4 nights at the Lucerne and we will definitely return in the future. The staff were courteous and helpful and the room was larger than we expected. We arrived early and we were able to get into our room at that time. The hotel and the room were always clean as far as we could tell.The location is excellent for walking and close to bus and subway transportation (about 1 block).	
Oct 17 2009 	Truly a wonderful place to stay!	We (family of 4) stayed here for 5 nights from Oct. 13-18, 2009.We have vacationed in Manhattan before and LOVE staying in the Upper West Side.The staff at the Lucerne Hotel was friendly, polite, and helpful...Room (queen suite) was roomy, quiet, comfortable &amp; METICULOUS!Location cannot be beat - surrounded by great restaurants, two laundries/drycleaners RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET...24 hour pharmacy RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET...1 block to #1 subway (to Times Square, Macy's, Columbus Circle, Soho, Harlem...etc.), Walking distance to Central Park and Museum of Natural History...When we are back in NYC there is absolutely NO DOUBT where we will stay. This one has it all...LOCATION, CONDITION &quot;and&quot; PRICE!	
Oct 15 2009 	Home away from home in NYC	During this, our first visit to NYC, we chose the Lucerne based on our following wishes: a stay in a quiet but central neighborhood, close to the subway and reasonably (for New York!) priced. The Lucerne was excellent on all accounts - the staff was very courteous and extremely helpful. Our queen room, although not huge, was still adequate according to this city's standards, and the coffee machine (it wasn't in the room but we asked for it, after reading about this free amenity on the hotel's website) was provided instantly and was MUCH appreciated every morning, along with the excellent Wolfgang Puck filter coffee. I also liked getting a complimentary newspaper left at our door each morning (NY Times or USA Today). The room was nicely made up everyday to our satisfaction and having things like an iron and ironing board, along with an umbrella, was greatly appreciated by us, as we were staying for a week and enjoyed the home-like atmosphere. These were all very thoughtful and practical touches. We had breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, Nice Matin, only twice as it was a bit pricey, but it was very good. However, there are a ton of other places to grab a quick, tasty and cheaper breakfast in this wonderful area (Zabar's, H&amp;H Bagels) on the Upper West Side. Also, having a subway station only a 5-minute walk from the hotel made our visit a whole lot more pleasurable. With taxes, the whole stay came out to about $295 a night which, although not cheap, is quite OK, price-wise, for a Manhattan stay. The hotel is 2 blocks away from Central Park and also the Natural History museum. We would definitely stay there again, no hesitation whatsoever.	
Oct 7 2009 	great location beautiful hotel every detail attended to-- decor amenities etc.. lovely!	got a great AAA rate at upper westside traditionally decorated hotel.front desk staff very pleasant and accomodating.lobby, hallways and room impeccably decorated and well thought out- flat screen tv, coffee maker in room with high end quality coffee and tea, toiletries also high end.- the rate was incredibly low for nyc ($185) and this is a great location- neighborhood and easy access to subways.I would easily stay here again and again!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great place to stay for your first time in NYC.	This was my first time in NYC and the hotel was in a perfect location. Friendly staff, clean room, comfortable bed. The room was rather small, but we weren't there long enough for it to matter. The elevator is small too. Several times we just went down the stairway. Glad we were on the 4th floor.Loved the restuarant next door and Coppola's Restuarant is across the street and a wonderful place to eat. Very romantic, well priced and delicious.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic location	This a a fantastic hotel and would recommend staying here. I spent days &amp; days searching online for the right hotel as I'd heard so many awful New York hotel stories. This was my first visit to New York and I was not disappointed with The Lucerne. I requested a mini fridge in the room; this was provided at no extra cost and i even asked for a low-noise level room! (again ... stories of noisy hotel rooms) The room was spacious and the 2 double beds were very, very comfortable. The best location; one block away from subway, very close to Central Park and there is just the best ever Italian restaurant opposite the hotel. Dont waste you time searching for any other hotels in New York just book this one.	
Oct 3 2009 	classy hotel with a friendly attitude	We really liked the location, lots of nice bars and restaurants. Very helpful and informative staff. Very nice quality room , just the right balance between old and new. The free wi-fi was terrific .	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent value on Upper West Side	A nice hotel room on the Upper West Side for $189 (w/o taxes) is unheard of in NYC, according to my friends who live there. Well the Lucerne provided just that. Rooms are slightly small, but average in size comparison to other NYC hotels. Great location within walking distance to Museum of Natural History and Central Park. Pick up breakfast bagels at H&amp;H Bagels around the corner to start your day!Only bad part of experience was when cleaning person tried to enter room without knocking or anything. I heard the key swipe and the handle turn. No, &quot;house keeping&quot; or &quot;may I enter&quot; beforehand. As I was in the middle of changing clothes, I freaked out and was only saved by the fact that I had done the flip lock, which only allows the door to open a couple inches.	
Sep 29 2009 	Easily met our expectations	Based on great reviews here we tried Lucerne and were not disappointed. The location is excellent (block away from subway, or a pleasant night-time walk up Columbus Ave from mid-town), the room was attractive and clean, the front desk was helpful. We had a 10th floor room with a lovely view up Amsterdam Ave.	
Sep 20 2009 	Nice.	We stayed in the King Suite with a young child and teenager. The hotel is clean, spacious, comfortable and in a good locaton (only one subway to Times Square). It is close to some excellent restaurants. The maid service and door service was friendly and accomodating. However, the front desk was somewhat cold in their approach. They did not welcome us to the hotel or thank us for our stay which we found to be somewhat unusual.It was out son's 16th birthday and we had cake delivered to our room prior to our arrival. Although there were four of us registered to arrive in the King Suite, there were only cups, and dishes for two people. We were also informed that we were not allowed to light candles on the cake. Very disappointing. (Not one staff member wshed him Happy Brthday which, again, has not been our experience at other hotels.I cannot find fault with ths hotel for the basics. We apprecated our room. However, they did not offer any &quot;extras&quot;.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Service!	Just stayed one night at the Lucerne, but will definitely return. We were in NYC for Andrea Bocelli at Carnegie Hall and the US Open Tennis tournament. Although these events were nowhere near the Lucerne, they were easily accessed by the nearby subway station. Zabar's in just around the corner as well as H&amp;H Bagels. We had dinner across the street at Coppolla's....every good food! We were allowed to check into our room early. The room was very large and clean. Other than the countertop in the bathroom being rather small, we had no complaints about The Lucerne. Awesome hotel in a great location!	
Sep 9 2009 	A splendid hotel for a reasonable price! Incomparable.	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Our room was comfortable, quiet, and well furnished. Staff were all polite and helpful often offering assistance and never failing to greet guests. There was good security with several staff always in the lobby monitoring the comings and goings of anyone who came into the lobby. Questions were answered politely and promptly. The room amenities - shampoo, conditioner, towels, soap etc were first class as was the in-room coffee. Management and staff were quick to acknowledge that we were celebrating an anniversary and birthday and helped to make the occasion a special one. We walked to most of the tourist attractions and entertainment and found the district very safe both in the daytime and the evening. Public transit was close by when needed. This is a wonderful place and I would not hesitate to recomment it to travellers who are looking for a comfortable and elegant hotel in a convenient location. Ann from Hamilton, Ontario.	
Sep 9 2009 	We would definately recommend this hotel to others!	We stayed for 5 nights and found the service at this hotel to be very friendly yet professional. we requested prior to our stay that we had quiet rooms and this was honoured. rooms were clean and surpirsingly large. Other guests appeared to be mainly family groups and older friends which was perfect for us - we wanted to make sure we had a hotel that would be quiet in the evening and where we could get a good nights sleep after a busy day! Location is on the side of the park so you are not in the middle of the choas of Times Sq which again was perfect for what we were looking for as we reguarly visit NY. - the subway and cabs make it cheap and easy to get anywhere on manhattan.Would definately recommend to stay here if you want a peacecul hotel with character and charm with convenient access to all the NYC choas!	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent	We stayed here for 5 nights and found the hotel extremely comfortable. Our room was a Queen Superior which was very comfortable and well furnished. The only down point in the room was a very tiny wardrobe / storage unit for clothing, could be bigger. However, the hotel is situated in a fantastic location with wonderfull eateries within walking distance and also close to the subway for frequent trains anywhere in Manhatten and beyond. Central Park is a 5 minute walk and is a gem to visit. We had a fantastic holiday in New York and the Lucerne is an ideal hotel to stay. We would have no hesitation in returning there for our next trip.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel at a reasonable (by NY standards) price	We were extremely impressed by our stay at the Lucerne. Room was quite large for a Manhattan hotel, immaculately clean and super-quiet. The hotel was fully booked, but we did not hear any noise from neighboring rooms. It was truly a quiet oasis in the big city. The bed was unbelievably comfortable -- it was hard to drag yourself out of bed to enjoy the rest of the city.Initially, I was concerned about the location, since I had originally wanted to stay closer to the &quot;action&quot; in mid-town. However, decided on the Lucerne because the price was tough to beat for all the amenities. It turned out to be a great location, within a block or two of Central Park, one block from the subway, and located on a stretch of Amsterdam with tons of little restaurants and pubs. Paid only about $200/night, which is a STEAL in Manhattan for a hotel of this quality.Best of all was the service from the entire staff. The desk clerks bent over backwards to be helpful, right down to assisting us with advance check-in for our next day's flight. Free wireless a plus as well. We will definitely be back again. The Lucerne is among the top few hotels we've experienced in a long history of international travel.	
Sep 7 2009 	Best Deal in New York	As I do with all my other hotel stays I checked Trip Advisor and found that all the recent reviews were very posative. Since I travel to New York often I knew of this hotel but had not stayed here. I got a fair rate directl form the hotel usin AAA. They do check the card on arrival. It lived up to previous reviewers. It is all redone and immaculate. The rooms though no huge are good sized by New York standards. We ate at the restaurant in the hotel- Nice Matin and were very plased. Good food and reasonable by New York standard. I like he neighborhood- clsoe to Zaybars . The only thing that disappointed was the lack of a pool but I knew that going there in advance. Great value for the money.	
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Great Neighborhood	Spent 3 nights at this hotel with my two teenagers and plan on staying there again. The staff was great, the room was very nice and the Upper West Side (much nicer than noisy Time Square) location can't be beat. One block from the subway ,a five minute walk to Central Park and many fine restaurants and shops. And did I mention the price. The Lucerne Hotel has the NY hotel market cornered when it comes to value for money. I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent hotel friendly staff fair price	My family had a very nice stay at the Lucerne and I would stay there again without hesitation. We paid an excellent price (arranged through Westjet), had no problems with reservations, the staff was extremely helpful and pleasant, security in the hotel was excellent (always three or four staff members on duty in the lobby, no other way up to the rooms), the room was spotlessly clean, and the location is good (close to subway, walkable to Times Square if like me you like to walk a lot, a cab ride to the theatre district was about $10), it's in a completely safe area, surrounded by many great restaurants and nice pubs. There's a restaurant in the hotel that looked OK, but I never used it because there were so many more interesting restaurants in the vicinity. Any minuses? Well, the room was a bit small - but what hotel room in New York isn't? It took a while to get hot water in the afternoons, for some reason. There was plenty first thing in the morning and late at night. Go figure! But other than that, everything was fine - the beds were comfortable, the air conditioner worked great and the elevators were fast. What's not to like about this place?	
Aug 25 2009 	So Good Went Back a 2nd Time	There are hundreds, maybe thousands of hotels in NYC and making a choice of hotels and neighborhoods is difficult, at best. The Lucerne Hotel has the kind of qualities that makes one want to return. We stayed with one teenage son over the 4th of July weekend, and then returned in August with both of our teenage sons. Got the &quot;corner room&quot; which is large enough for four without each of us tripping over one another. Only advice about rooms is ask for a higher floor if you can get it. as there are very pretty views higher up which we were treated to on our first stay, but not our second stay on the third floor.While the hotel offers a discount on breakfast at the restaurant connected to it, we found that a bagel shop 1 1/2 blocks south on the west side of Ansterdam Avenue provided just the perfect combination of fresh bagels with cream cheese and orange juice to take back up to the room. There is a newstand on the corner that has just about every east coast daily newspaper desired (we got the Washington Post there each day of our stay). The hotel also delivers the NY Times or USA Today to the room on a compimentary basis. The restaurant connected to it is very nice for a late night glass of wine.Parking in NYC is expensive, but the hotel offers a $29 daily rate at a garage four blocks away ($29 for 24 hours), or they will valet park the car for you for $47. The second time we visited I took advantage of the park-it-myself option for $29. As long as you have the time, it is a nice way to save $18/day.About two blocks away on West 77th Street is the Vai Restaurant. It is small and it can be noisy but we enjoyed excellent food and service for both visits (again, it was so good we went back a 2nd time -- be sure to make reservations in advance -- www.opentable.com is good for this).	
Aug 24 2009 	Clean good value for money	I stayed here with my wife for five nights and we were very happy with our stay. This was our second visit to NYC and we wanted to stay away from midtown and closer to central park. There are plenty of bars and restaurants nearby. Also there is a subway station less than a five minute walk away. If you are looking to stay uptown for a reasonable price then this hotel is for you. Free wifi is also a bonus.	
Aug 21 2009 	Stay here when visiting NYC!!	Don't waste your time researching hotel after hotel in NYC, this is the place to stay! Very clean, spacious room, very friendly staff, offered us two double beds for the same price as the queen room that I had booked when they saw I was traveling with a friend. We loved the quiet street but felt close enough to the things we wanted to see (Central Park, museums). We also we able to check our bags at the hotel for no extra cost before the 4pm check in time. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 16 2009 	Clean hotel with friendly staff in fun safe neighborhood	We stayed at this hotel from August 11-15 for our anniversary and got a great AAA rate via the hotel’s website. This was my first trip to NYC and I picked this hotel solely based on Trip Advisor reviews. We were not disappointed! The hotel is located in a residential neighborhood and was much less crowded than midtown area. The area felt safe during the day and at night. The subway was steps away so we were anywhere we wanted to be in minutes. There were many great restaurants in the area (Kefi, Nice Matin, Shake Shack, Rosa Mexicano, Sara Beth’s). Central Park, Natural History Museum, Dakota building, and Lincoln Center were also very close. The free wireless internet was a little “spotty” but I was still able to log on. Our room was clean, quiet, and the air conditioner worked well. The bathroom was pretty small but that did not bother us. All staff members were courteous and helpful. We plan to stay at the Lucerne again in the future.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great hotel big room good location.	Four of us stayed here (moms and daughters trip). Our room was huge and easily accomodated the 4 of us. The room was clean and quiet (I did request a room on the quiet side of the hotel). The metro is a block or two away. There are lots of restaurants nearby. The area is quiet and a welcome break from Times Square. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Stay Away if you are disabled	the hotel is not accessible. My son is in a wheelchair but can use crutches for a few steps. They directed us to a side entrance where we waited while they set up a homemade ramp. It was very steep and narrow and I knew I could not push him up so I made him get out of his wheelchair. Then he fell while trying to going up the ramp because it was too steep. Every time we wanted to go in the hotel, we would have to walk in the front door to get a bellhop to let us in the side door.The room was ok except for the dirty socks (not ours) left under the dresser.	
Aug 11 2009 	great hotel and location	We stayed at this hotel based on reviews here, and weren't disappointed. The cost of the hotel seemed on par with others in NYC, maybe even cheaper (for those with own bathrooms, etc). We requested a room away from the street and had no problems with noise. Staff were very nice. Yes, the rooms are small but they're nice and you don't go to NYC to stay inside your hotel room. Wonderful location, the neighborhood is nice and very close to Central Park, etc. Perfect for someone who would rather have a neighborhood feel and doesn't want to stay in Times Square.	
Aug 6 2009 	NIce clean hotel in a fun neighborhood	Nice and homey. Newly refurbished. The room was very pretty...nicely decorated, and we were pleasantly surprised by the decor. A bit small, and no safe to store valuables, but it was a good value. Bathroom was very nice and roomy. Tall ceilings. Not noisy as some have said, and I had feared. We were so tired that we never heard a thing in our 7th floor room facing Amsterdam. Very convenient to restaurants and subways. Breakfast at the restaurant was fabulous! I had salmon benedict. The hotel gave a 15% off coupon.Staff was very friendly and helpful. Free wi-fi. Free paper in the morning. Only negative...bed was not as comfortable for us as it could be. It was a bit nonconforming, and it didn't feel very plush. Comforter was not down. For a one night stay, it really matter very much, but had we stayed longer, I would have longed for a more comfortable bed and a larger room. However, I would stay here again, because all things considered, it was a wonderful stay.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location and value	We just got back from a two night weekend stay at the Lucerne with my wife and three year-old, a very positive experience.We drove into the city, and it's easy to get to by car from the west -- just headed over the George Washington Bridge, down the Henry Hudson, made a left onto 79th St and boom, you're there. There is a decent sized loading area in front, and the doorman was helpful. He asked if I wanted to use their parking service, and I said I thought I could probably find street parking (it was a Friday evening). He said I could park across the street using the meters until 7, and that he would let me have his space on 80th St. when he was off his shift at 9. Very nice of him! Turned out, I immediately found parking on the street a couple of blocks away so I didn't need it. Early on weekends, you can usually find free street parking on the Upper West Side.I checked in and received an upgrade to a Deluxe King Suite from a Deluxe Queen, which I didn't necessarily want but didn't mind. The suite consisted of a bedroom and large living room with desk, couch and chair. There were tv's in both the living room and bedroom. In between was a bathroom, fairly small, and a very small kitchen area with an empty fridge, microwave and coffee maker. The bath had a tub, which is great if you have a little one. Some dishes and utensils were provided. It would have been nice to have some glasses in addition to the plastic cups provided though. All of the furnishings were very comfortable, and the bed was very nice. Overall, this came for a price that would get you a boring single room in many name-brand Manhattan hotels, if that.There were separate air conditioners in the two rooms, and if anything, they were a bit too powerful. The windows actually open. Free wireless internet is provided, although it was a little slow.The service was great. Every single person working there treated us well and very pleasantly.The room was on the 4th floor, and as others have pointed out there was some street noise. Both Amsterdam and 79th are busy streets, and there are some bars and restaurants on Amsterdam that generate some noise. It didn't bother us though. If you are bothered by noise, you should request a room on a higher floor, or facing the back.The location is fantastic, especially if you're traveling with a small child. In the immediate neighborhood you have Zabar's (a large upscale market) around the corner on Broadway, so you can pick up food there and self cater if you want, with the fridge and microwave available. You also have H&amp;H bagels and a number of other places. The restaurant downstairs looked very nice, but we didn't eat there. The American Museum of Natural History is a very short walk away, as is Central Park. There is a very nice playground (Diana Ross) at the 81st Street entrance to Central Park. The Met and Guggenheim are also a pleasant, ~20-25 minute walk away through the park.The 1 subway line is right at 79th and Broadway, literally a 2-5 minute walk from the front door. That will take you right to Times Square and downtown. If I were going to NYC for a Times Square/theater/shopping centered vacation, this is a great location to stay, as all of those things are easily accessible, but you're in a much more real, less touristy location.Overall, a great experience, recommended especially if you have kids.	
Aug 2 2009 	Beautiful Surroundings and Wonderful Service - what more could you ask for?	My family stayed at the beautiful Lucerne for 5 nights. We had great service, a clean and spacious (for NYC) room, very comfortable beds, quiet nights, good room temperature and courteous bellmen. The bellmen were wonderful when asked for recommendations for restaurants, buying some snacks and how and when to use the subway. Each time - the recommendations were great - thanks Manuel! Central Park and The Museum of Natural History are within a short walking distance. A convenient subway entrance is right down the street. There is a great restaurant called &quot;Good Enough to Eat&quot; a short walk away that we visited twice!	
Jul 26 2009 	LUCERNE HOTEL - CLASS ACT	Small hotel around 79th and Broadway which was convenient to Columbia University where my conference was at as well as accessible via subway to other areas.Room was clean, updated (flat Screen TV), and very nice compared to other NYC hotels I have stayed at. PLUS - they gave a free paper in the morning which is NOT the norm in NYC.	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect Second Honeymoon Locale	We were in a deluxe king room with two windows with views of uptown and the river. Clean rooms, great bedding, good size--even has an entry way and closet. The location is wonderful--walking distance to public transport, museums, and Central Park. The neighborhood is perfect--if you want a taste of resident New Yorkers without the BLING of Times Square. Great restaurants all along Amsterdam, too. We loved our stay so much that on our way back from a lovely jaunt to Newport Rhode Island, we opted to stay there one more night instead of staying on the coast. Have stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House for $350, and while we liked that room, the Lucerne offered us so much for $210. We like the neighborhood better, too, because it is much more hip and authentic.The doormen/porters are wonderful and the rest of the staff was completely helpful. It was the perfect place for us!	
Jul 25 2009 	The Lucerne ROCKS!	We stayed at the Lucerne from Jul 12 to 17. The check in was quick and smooth, and we stayed in Room 1101. It was a Deluxe King Room and it was absolutely fabulous! The room was huge and luxurious. The bed and bedding were very comfortable. The air condition was cool and worked like a dream, especially after a hot summer day in NY. The room did not have a view, which was fine with us, afterall, we spent most of the day outside. The room didn't come with a bar fridge, but when we asked for one, it was brought up to our room within minutes at no extra charge. The Lucerne also provides free internet if you bring your own laptop, all you need is to get a password from the front desk. As for location, the hotel is smack in the middle of shops, restaurants and the subway. The neighbourhood was &quot;true&quot; New York, not the touristy Time Square (which is where we stay a few years back). A couple of breakfast restaurant ideas that are close by and fairly cheap....the ever popular H&amp;H Bagels and Zabars. The one thing I wished the hotel had was a ramp to get up to the lobby. We had a stroller with us, and we had to carry it up and down every day. But the doormen were ever so willing to assist us with that. I highy recommend the Lucerne to anyone and everyone! We'll be back for sure!	
Jul 24 2009 	Best place to stay in NYC PERIOD	If you can find a nicer place for the money you need to post it. I have been traveling to NYC on business and never have I found a better place. Quiet, BIG rooms, and great service. Parking sucks since it is $$$ but where in NYC is it not? When in NYC SWBC stays here!!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Impeccable	This lovely hotel was the right fit for a week long vacation in Manhattan! Located one block from the subway, surrounded by numerous restaurants on Amsterdam and Broadway avenues and staffed with courteous professionals, our family thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Lucerne. The rooms are somewhat small but well furnished and immaculately maintained by the housekeeping staff. The hotel’s in house restaurant (Nice Matins) is upscale but there are numerous restaurants close by to fit any budget. Central Park is only a few blocks away for a quick lunchtime picnic! We highly recommend his hotel to first-time vacationers in Manhattan.	
Jul 6 2009 	Just what I was looking for	I picked this hotel because of its location and price, because I wanted to go to the Museum of Natural History, Central Park, and Zabar's. But I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel, considering it was under $200 a night on the upper west side (excluding parking).In Manhattan, I usually settle for a place that's clean and affordable. But this place was more than clean - it was nice. It was quite spacious for a NYC hotel, easily twice the size of the room we stayed last time near Times Square. The staff was friendly. Although not advertised, they were happy to bring us a crib and a small fridge when we asked, for no additional charge. I also heard they had free wireless internet, but I didn't use it.Overall, I was pleased with the choice we had made - definitely a great place for the price and location.	
Jun 29 2009 	A Perfect Stay	I've been a part of the Upper West Side of Manhattan for over 2 decades. The hotel's location is very safe and the neighborhood is semi residential. The hotel is located in a &quot;happening&quot; area with lots of restaurants, shops, a flea market on Sunday, occassional weekend festivals, and one of the greatest Natural History museums in the world, not to mention Central Park a brief stroll away. It's positioned between 2 subway lines, and also a nice stroll down to Lincoln Center. Years later, I've finally had the chance to stay at the Lucerne, and it was as good as I could have hoped for and better. Rooms (ours was a delux) were clean and spacious with marble-topped desks and counters, comfortable beds, high-quality teas and coffees and bathroom amenities. Housekeeping even stopped by to make sure everything in our room was in order. We did not have a street-facing room - and that was perfectly fine as we had zero street noise to contend with - The hotel is located on a popular street corner with a restaurant below that features outdoor seating for late-nite dining.The hotel lives up to its high ratings on Trip Advisor. Really a lovely boutique hotel that has its act put together well.	
Jun 28 2009 	Elegant Clean Great Location	We reserved a King Suite (at a discounted suite rate special available at the time). The room was very nice, modern, elegant, and clean. There is a complete separate living area with sleeper sofa from the King bedroom. This appears to be one of the larger rooms in the hotel. This was ideal for our travel with my spouse and 19 year old daughter. The bathtroom was small but generous by NYC standards. Service was polite and prompt but no over the top. WiFi internet is free. We were granted a 2pm late checkout without problems. The hotel is in a great location with many excellent restaurants in walking distance. Easy walk to Central Park. One short block to the 1 train (subway). This area is a complete different experience from our previous stays in Midtown. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Lucerne is great	We booked 4 nights in a two double -not sure whether it was called deluxe or superior. It was rather small for the 3 of us because it was not a corner unit, however the price via Expedia was very good. We requested an upgrade to a larger unit, which I was willing to pay for, but they gave us a complimentary upgrade for 2 of the 4 nights which was wonderful !The hotel is in a great location- just a short walk to metro, park and great eateries. It is in a nice neighborhood, and the hotel staff were very friendly. We will definitely return.	
Jun 18 2009 	smart but affordable close to central park	Great hotel. Not too expensive, clean, modern and in a fantastic area if you want to be near central park. Also, very quick to get to times square as its right near a direct tube line.there are loads of bars,restaurants and shops in the area and there is a lively young feel at the weekend when the columbia university students are out and about.The hotel gives a 15% discount on breakfast at Nice Matin, the bar/ restaurant next door but we preferred the diners nearby on Broadwayfor the real new york experience. The barman at Nice Matin, Carlo, however was really friendly and gave us some top tips about the area, such as the best places for hot dogs and bagels.	
Jun 12 2009 	Impressive	Stayed at the hotel overnight while attending my son's college orientation. Only really had the pleasure of staying the night but what agreat short stay. Check in took about 2 minutes at most. Bellhop helped us find a parking spot across the street and saved us $55 from having to garage it. The room was impeccably clean and tidy, very modern and chic. Comfortable bed only sore point was asked for a 6am wakeup call and never got it. Luckily I am a light sleeper. Great little restaurant /bar adjacent to hotel Martin Matin or something like that. Found a new home for my NY stays.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location and value	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Lucerne Hotel for 6 nights in early June. I heard that the Upper West Side was a good location for travellers who wanted to avoid the craziness of Times Square and I chose this hotel after reading TripAdvisor reviews. We weren't disappointed. There was a bit of a line when we checked in, but we arrived right at 3pm. We booked a queen room and were offered an inside or outside room. We chose the inside room on the 6th floor for quietness and didn't hear a peep from the streets. We still had a partial view of 79th and Broadway, so it wasn't like we were facing a brick wall. The room was smaller than in other cities, but wasn't crowded. The closet and bathroom were a good size. The bed was firm and comfortable. There was no minifridge, but we didn't have a suite. You could hear a bit of noise from the hall, but nothing unmanageable.We really loved the location. On W 79th St, closer to Amsterdam than Broadway. Zabar's is right around the corner and is worth a stop (or three!). There are tasty and reasonably priced restaurants in the area. Central Park is 3 blocks walk away, as is the Museum of Natural History. The Met Museum is across the park. The 1 line stops at the corner of 79th and Broadway and the B &amp; C are a few blocks away by the Natural History Museum. These take you to midtown in about 15 minutes. Personally, after spending about 5 minutes in Times Square, I'm glad my &quot;home base&quot; was not there. I felt I got a better, less touristy idea of what it was to live in NYC by staying where we did.	
May 31 2009 	Pick your View Carefully: Noisy but Interesting or Quiet but Boring	We have stayed here several times for the Marathon--the suites have a bedroom and living room with a pullout sofa. There is a tiny kitchenette and an equally tiny bathroom--service is very nice, however and rooms very clean. The main drawback is the street noise on Amsterdam--people are partying all night--the noise bounces off the building like crazy...It is kind of fun to look out the window at all the action if you are jet-lagged but I suggest that after you book a room--call the hotel directly and make sure you have a quiet room--the drawback being a quiet room can mean you are facing an airshaft--pick your poison--noise and view or quiet and a brick wall!	
May 19 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed three nights at the Lucerne. The value for the price is excellent. The rooms are clean and well maintained. The staff are great and the location is ideal for tourists. It is a short walk to museums and Central Park. Restaurants in the neighbourhood are good and access to the subway is very simple. Free wireless internet access in the rooms was a nice extra.We will return to the Lucerne this fall and see more of New York.	
May 19 2009 	Love Returning Time After Time - Never Disappointed	My wife and I have stayed at the Lucerne several times since discovering this hotel in 2000, and we continue to be charmed by this hidden gem. On our most recent trip, we stayed at the Lucerne immediately before leaving on, and then upon returning from, a two-week trip to Europe. What a great place to recover from jet lag!The staff at the Lucerne – many of whom have been there since we starting visiting – are warm and welcoming. They treat people as honored guests rather than simply customers.The hotel offers the amenities we expect today, including 24-hour room service (provided by adjacent and neighboring restaurants with which the hotel has arrangements), a modest fitness center, wireless Internet connections, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, and bathrobes. But the Lucerne also offers several things many other hotels don’t: location, charm, and value.The Lucerne is located at 79th and Amsterdam on Manhattan’s Upper West Side. It’s an active New York neighborhood with several Zagat-rated restaurants nearby (including the adjacent Nice Matin, and a Coppola's across 79th Street), as well as plenty of shopping and entertainment, all within easy walking distance. The hotel is one block from the 1-2-3 subway lines, which is quite convenient for exploring other parts of the area or getting to your meeting downtown. It’s also within striking distance of Central Park, the American Museum of Natural History, and Museum Mile.We’re told the building, completed in 1904, once housed a dormitory for a nearby university. Today, it offers over 180 rooms and suites.Clearly, the management of the hotel understands how important it is to stay current and contemporary. Within the last couple of years, the hotel has completed thorough renovations of its guest rooms and, as we've come to expect, everything is top-notch. Our most recent stay was in a small suite, which had two queen beds in the bedroom and a sofa, TV, microwave, fridge, and service items (plates, cups, flatware) in a second, smaller room. It was more than adequate, though the King suite I enjoyed during a recent business trip was the absolute top of the line! However, I would describe even the Lucerne's standard rooms as “cozy”, not cramped, as have been others at which I’ve stayed in the City – including a room at a major chain off Times Square.Finally, the Lucerne offers excellent value. During the business trip I mentioned, staying at the Lucerne saved my company $150 over the chain hotel they'd booked for me in the Financial District. The bean counters were not unhappy (are they ever &quot;happy&quot;?)Whether traveling to New York City for business or pleasure, we highly recommend the Lucerne! We'll certainly be back.	
May 18 2009 	Almost perfect experience	Four of us stayed at the Lucerne over Mother's Day weekend (early May '09). Two moms and our 2 sons. Almost everything was perfectly pleasant, from the helpful and nice bell staff to the front desk staff at check in. Our room was nice. We got the suite with 2 queen beds and a pull out couch. The beds were comfortable, though the pull out was not. Plus when you pulled out the couch, we had to move the desk so that we could squeeze by to the bathroom. But that's NYC for you! Very nice lobby and hallways. Champagne and chocolates on Mother's Day. Clean, smelled nice, and nicely decorated. Our only problem was that the first day, the AC in the sitting room froze over - the compressor coils literally had ice on them and the unit was not blowing cold air. Since we had a 2nd unit in our sleeping area, I didn't call the front desk. Unfortunately, the 2nd nite around 9 pm the 2nd unit also froze over, so we had no AC. I didn't call the front desk because I know from my husband's AC business that this was not a quick fix at a time that we wanted to go to bed. I regretted my decision when the room got hot and stuffy in the middle of the night and no windows to open. In the morning when I check out, I explained the situation to the manager (Darren) and asked for a deduction on our room, he asked why I had not called downstairs the night before. Also, he said since I had the least expensive rate already, all he could do was to give me an upgrade the next time I was at his hotel. Not sure I feel so great about that. On the other hand, we did have a great rate. And it's a nice hotel in a nice area. Go to Cafe Con Leche around the corner for the best coffee.	
May 18 2009 	Really good	Best of all is probably the location in the Upper West Side, just a short walk to Central Park, a block to the subway, thus very convenient to get anywhere! The neighbourhood is great and there are plenty of places to eat, have a drink and even to do some shopping. Yet the hotel is quiet.The staff is nice. The place is clean and the rooms are spacious. The bed was comfortable. There is an iron and ironing board in the room. And they have free Internet access.In brief: I enjoyed the stay, the place is very good and I would definitely recommend it!	
May 18 2009 	Great stay in an idyllic neighborhood	I stayed for the second time at the Lucerne this May. Having lived in NYC for 3 years in the 1990's, I am fond of the Upper West Side and it's my preferred neighborhood, away from the noise of Times Square and traffic of midtown. My king deluxe room was excellent, with a chaise lounge, king bed, and air conditioning. My room faced away from Amsterdam Avenue, so at night it was very quiet (for NYC!). The hotel staff was helpful and courteous, and I had no problem getting where I wanted to go because of the close proximity of the metro line (1) and the M79 bus to the upper east side. There is also a Duane Reade across the street, which is quite convenient for getting snacks, water (avoid the $$$ bottled water in room), mouthwash, and other sundries.My only quibble is that the bathroom wall tiles were a bit grungy. But otherwise, the sink and toilet were spotless when first entering the suite. Take advantage of the deals offered when you book for 3 or more nights. They can save $$$, and still, the rooms were very good value for the posted online rates. Avoid the breakfast in the hotel restaurant, Nice Matin, as you can get cheaper, more filling breakfasts elsewhere on Columbus and Amsterdam cafes just a few blocks away. Plenty of bistros within a 5-block radius, so there was no shortage of interesting multi-ethnic cuisine.I will certainly make the Lucerne my hotel of choice for future trips! Its location and ambience are terrific.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent	Having stayed in New York a number of times over the years this hotel provided the best value for money of the hotels I have stayed in. The location is excellent and the staff and service very good. Having asked for a quiet room when making the reservation we had to wait for the room to be ready which it was by the stated checkin time.	
May 13 2009 	Lucerne was Great! We'll be back!	Stayed at the Lucerne May 6-12 - everything was great. Subway just 1/2 block away, Central Park 2 blocks, nice area. Room was clean and roomy! Nice Matin, the restaurant next door was great - breakfast was good and hottest coffee around! Will definately stay at the Lucerne next trip to NYC!	
May 5 2009 	What a find!!	We have visited NYC many times over the years, and always have stayed at moderately-priced hotels. Most of the time, this requires certain tradeoffs. Not this time. The Lucerne Hotel was perfect in every way. Service was always friendly, impeccable, and genuine---not done with the proverbial hand out for a tip. The best and friendliest service, by far, we have ever had in a NYC hotel. We arrived very late at night, due to flight delays, yet our specific room requests on our reservation were honored. The hotel is clean, very quiet, and our room was comfortable and roomy, by New York standards. There is free Wi-Fi in the rooms. The location is great--we like the Upper West Side, and it is a half block from a subway stop. They offer a complimentary daily New York Times outside your door-- a nice touch for a moderately priced hotel. Two quibbles: 1) the computers in the business center should be free, not $5.00 for the most minimum usage, and 2) please get rid of the $6.50 bottled water--these are both chintzy off notes in an otherwise perfect place. From now on, we will stay here every visit.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great NYC experience	This hotel is located on the Upper West Side near Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. The neighborhood is pleasant, much less crowded than the Times Square area. The subway is less than a block away, so the entire city is within easy reach.We enjoyed our stay at the Lucerne. The room was extremely clean and well-stocked, the staff helpful, and everything went very smoothly. We would certainly stay there again.The hotel offers discounted parking at a garage a few blocks away. You can use valet service or park your car yourself. We had no need of the car during our stay, but make sure you have all items you need from your car, because you won't have easy access.	
Apr 24 2009 	Lovely	Great location, and well-maintained. Close to subway, restaurants, park. Room was very nice but New York tiny. Friendly front desk but not really much customer service. (Check out took a really long time because only one clerk and person in front of me had a complicated billing issue.)	
Apr 21 2009 	Perfect location for Central Park and the Museum of Natural History : )	My daughter and I were in New York for a fun, sightseeing, show-seeing long weekend in March. We both LOVED The Lucerne - the front desk personnel and doormen were l friendly, room was sparkling clean with very comfortable beds, small adjacent restaurant served very yummy breakfasts and the location was perfect for us!It is in a mainly residential area, charming restaurants and bakeries close by and walking distance to the museum and Central Park.. It was nice to be a short cab or subway ride to Times Square and to return to our quiet room at The Lucerne at the end of the day. Would absolutely recommend this hotel and hope to return to it soon!	
Apr 15 2009 	We've found our home away from home in NYC	We visit our son attending Columbia U. in NYC from time to time, and the Lucerne has become our hotel of choice. Great service, quiet, comfortable rooms, vibrant-convenient neighbourhood. We parked 3 blocks away for $29.00 a day.We took the subway to Brooklyn, South Street Seaport and the west village, plus cabbed elsewhere for under 15 bucks, all from within steps of the hotel.2 tips; bring a corkscrew/bottle opener and something to pour water into the coffee maker in your room. It doesn't have a carafe, and the mugs aren't easy to handle.We'll definitely be back!	
Apr 14 2009 	An excellent friendly hotel in a great part of New York	We took a long time before deciding to book the Lucerne and found the tripadvisor reviews were pretty much spot on. The hotel is located in the Upper West Side - a great location away from the fast pace of NY life and an easy walk to Central Park. A very safe neighbourhood with a great choice of places to eat. All of the staff were very freindly - in particular the 'bellboys'. The room was spacious enough for a family of 3 even after allowing for two double beds. Clean and well furnished with a great power shower. The hotel was more than happy to look after two suitcases and loads of shopping bags on our last day. I'd be pleased to recommend the Lucerne.	
Apr 12 2009 	We would recommend to friends and family	The Lucerne is located on New York's Upper West Side. It is a nice boro of the city close to the Museum of Natural History and Central Park. The Lucerne is located very close to subway terminals as well. The hotel room we stayed in ( 1queen bed) was small (typical of NYC) but very nice. The bathroom had upscale granite and bath tile. The closet is also small. But the room was clean and fresh. The doormen and concierge were very helpful to us during our stay. There are many small deli/markets nearby if you need anything. A larger market called Fairway Market is not too far away if you need anything more extensive then what the smaller markets have. For breakfast, if you want a quick cheap breakfast I recommend the danish /coffee cart down 79th close to the subway terminal or H&amp;H Bagles at 79th and Broadway. I avoided the hotel restaurant for breakfast. Also, I reommend going to Smoke at West105thStreet. Outstanding jazz........very intimate.	
Apr 12 2009 	I'll Stay Here Again	Although I hadn't spent much time in NYC prior to this trip, I know that we found a keeper. The Lucerne is a lovely little boutique hotel in a great location on the Upper West Side. It is a block from the subway, and a short walk to Central Park. The restaurant next door is fabulous, as are several of the others nearby. The staff was friendly &amp; responsive, going out of their way to make us feel welcome and valued.	
Apr 5 2009 	Wonderful choice for NYC - Great Value	This hotel has been beautifully redecorated with very nice rooms and baths. Staff is excellent. Location in upper west side is handy to museums, etc. I have no negatives. Price for NYC was very good for the quality of this beautiful property. We plan to stay here on future visits. An excellent value.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location but expected more	Booked their suite special 2 nights $450 (1/2 price second night). Although I am aware check-in is at 3pm, my son and I arrived at 10:30am. They told me to check back soon for an available room. I came back at 1:30pm and was sent to what appeared to be the only room available. The stentch of body odor from the prior occupant was so offensive we could not stay in the room. They had the window open to air it out. Not a great first impression. I was then told there was no other room yet, but then after the someone checked with the manager, a new room was available. It was recently renovated so much cleaner and nicer than the first. The hotel location is key to it's appeal. Central Park, museums, restaurants all within walking distance. The major problem I have with the hotel was that I came down with a virus the morning we checked in. It was so bad that I asked my husband the next morning to check with the front desk to see if we could cancel our reservation for that evening (the 2nd night) without penalty as I could barely get out of bed and wanted to go home (we live an hour away). The front desk said no problem. We made it clear that if there was a penalty we would stay (as my husband could have taken my son out while I rested). Upon checkout, they charged us $300 for the one night. We told them we would stay then but they said they already &quot;sold&quot; the room. They indicated I signed upon checkin something that indicated $300 first night, $150 second night (which I knew, which is why we asked if we would not be penalized and pay half of the entire bill or $225). They refused to honor their prior agreement to not penalize us. Although not a really big deal, it did not leave a &quot;good taste&quot; in our mouths or wanting to return here. I would suggest Affinia hotels (the Shelburne has under $200 suites that are larger and brand new, they were booked which was why we chose the Lucerne). NOTE: although they charged us $300, if I booked this room for one night, the online cost is $290.	
Mar 29 2009 	Loved this hotel!	Charming location-you feel more like a resident than a tourist. Yet restaurants and shops and Central Park close by. Our room was large, clean and well-appointed. Staff courteous and friendly. Room came with an umbrella which came in handy.	
Mar 20 2009 	A Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location	Each year, to celebrate my birthday, my family drives in from Connecticut to spend a night at The Lucerne, my favorite hotel in the City. We park in the lot recommended by the hotel (note: do not exceed the 24-hour time parking time limit, or your rate jumps from $29 to $78!) and walk to the hotel after browsing the many cute shops along the way. If you have never visited the City and want to spend time in a great neighborhood removed from the touristy Times Square area, come to The Lucerne. The Upper West Side has hundreds of cute shops and great restaurants. It's family-oriented and close to Central Park, several museums, and subway stations. You can't beat the location. If you want to be in the heart of NYC, this is probably not the place for you. The hotel itself is lovely; it is small, clean, and homey; if you require luxury and many amenities, you may want to consider another property. If you will be happy with clean, tastefully decorated and slightly upscale rooms, you will love it here! We appreciated the free wi-fi. Everyone with whom we dealt, from the door man to the front desk people, was friendly and professional. If you have a double stroller as we did, be prepared to fold it to get onto one of the two tiny elevators. Our room didn't have a fridge. The rooms are a decent size for NYC; request a corner room in the back of the hotel for something slightly bigger and quieter. This was the first year we had a room that faced 79th street; it was smaller and a bit louder. Caution: if you have small children, the windows open all the way and there are no safety barriers. Also for the first time this year, we were awakened at 3:30 a.m. by drunken young men coming back to the room next to ours. They were incredibly loud coming off the elevator, and once they entered their room, we could hear them as if they were in our room. I called the front desk and, within minutes, someone came up to the their room to speak with them. I was vengeful at 7 a.m. and phoned the men to tell them to stay at a youth hostel if they were going to behave that way. We love The Lucerne and recommend it highly; we usually pay over $300 a night, and this year the rate was $220. Yeah!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great value excellent service	Upper west side location in a &quot;real&quot; neighborhood close to good eats, small shops, bars, and most importantly Lincoln Center, Central Park and surrounding museums. Subway a short block away, if that is your preferred mode of travel. The hotel staff was outstanding, especially the concierge Liz. Rooms are tastefully decorated but nothing spectacular; they vary in size and noise level. Specify a quiet location, if available. We had a king suite on the 12th floor and rarely heard street noise. Bathrooms are small but who spends time there when in NYC? Small frig and microwave were convenient for bringing back leftovers. Also check room rates frequently. Right before we left on our trip, the internet rate dropped 25%. Would definitely stay there again and recommend to any friend or family member looking for reasonably priced hotel in an otherwise overpriced city.	
Mar 4 2009 	Perfect Place for a New York Night Away from Home	I should start by saying that we visited the Lucerne at a verrry slow time of year and were pleased to get an upgrade from the very pleasant front desk staff. That set the stage for a delightful visit. Our upgraded room was spacious with a terrific view across the West Side, including a bit of the sunset on the Hudson River. The Lucerne is located on the Upper West Side, so it is not convenient for business in New York or for those planning to spend a lot of time at the theatre. It is, however, a perfect location for those on a leisure trip planning to spend time at the museums, amble about Central Park or visit one of the City’s most pleasant residential neighborhoods. And, of course, it is the perfect location for New Yorkers who want a night away from cramped apartments or a romantic evening away from home.	
Mar 1 2009 	Comfortable and Upscale	The Lucerne was definitely a nice hotel. The room (two double beds) was large and spacious with a large bathroom. The room itself was very well appointed with marble tops on all of the furniture, plush bedding, neutral colors and very fluffy towels. I felt very comfortable in the room. Probably my only complaint was that the door didn't have a tight seal on it so a lot of light and noise from the hallway leaked in.I don't know that I would spend the money myself for this hotel ($205 a night). Since it was on business I didn't pick up the tab and it was a nice place to relax at the end of a long day.The staff was very helpful. I had checked out of another hotel down the street (cheaper and smaller since that night was on my dime) and walked into The Lucerne expecting to leave my bags in storage. At 8 a.m. there was a room ready and they allowed me to check-in at that time. The door man was always friendly and really went out of his way to hail us a cab.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great choice for New York City hotel	My husband and I spent 5 days at the Lucerne on a leisure trip. We selected the hotel based on its location (upper West side) and Trip Advisor reviews. The Lucerne is close to several museums we wanted to visit and to Lincoln Center, and not too far from Broadway theaters. Taxi fares were reasonable to all of these locations. Other reviewers had reported accurately on their experience at The Lucerne. The hotel itself is quiet, very clean and with comfortable beds. The staff was most helpful and pleasant. I had to see a doctor on short notice and the hotel staff set up the appointment with their recommended doctor who took care of the problem. The surrounding area has everything travelers would need - good restaurants, a large drugstore/convenience store across the street, and many small shops selling coffee, etc. for breakfast or snacks.	
Feb 23 2009 	Friendly clean great location!	I had a great stay at The Lucerne in Feb. 2009 --- the room was clean and comfortable and the location was unbeatable. The room may have been a little smaller than a standard hotel room, but hey, this is New York, and the space was more than adequate for one and would be perfectly fine for two. What I really enjoyed about my stay was the little perks: great shower products, always someone around in the lobby to answer questions and open the doors, 15% off breakfast at the connecting restaurant. I can't speak to value because my company was paying for it and I never saw the bill, but I would definitely stay here again assuming that the price is reasonable (as other commenters suggest it is).	
Feb 10 2009	The Lucerne in NYC	Spent one night here in January, 2009 and had one of the best experiences ever. Lovely, clean, quiet hotel with great views from the windows. Comfortable beds, great water pressure in the shower. VERY nice desk staff...Can't wait to return!	
Jan 20 2009 	Upper West Side delight	Just returned from a weekend in New York and after checking the reviews decided to stay at the Lucerne, and we are glad we did. Our purpose in visiting New York was to see an exhibit at the New York Historical Society, which is an easy walk from our hotel, albeit a cold one because the temperature was frigid. The front desk staff was very pleasant and welcoming. We arrived fairly early in the morning so our room wasn't ready, but because they were accomodating us with a newly renovated room, I was happy to wait for it. And we weren't disappointed: room 617 is a king suite which we booked off the Lucerne website as a winter special. It was completely brand new; from the carpet to the furniture to the entirely new bathroom. I loved it. There is a great restaurant (Nice Matin) next door to the hotel that you can enter through a side door so you don't have to go outside, and we had a pleasant breakfast there, using a 15% off coupon provided by the hotel. Actually, we ate at the restaurant 3 times because it was so convenient and pleasant. The Upper West Side might not occur to everyone as a place to stay, but if you are looking for somewhere in a &quot;neighborhood&quot; that feels welcoming, safe, close to Central Park and several museums, this is a great place to be.	
Jan 12 2009 	Perfect Long Weekend in the City	My wife, two kids an I stayed Friday night through Monday at the Lucerne based on my sister's recommendation. There were running a special on their website for 1/2 off the 2nd night, so I splurged a bit on the &quot;suite&quot;. I was glad for the little extra space, but the suite was small room adjoining the BR w/a two person couch, 2nd flatscreen TV, and a desk. There was also a microwave and a dorm sized fridge.The room was comfortable and well appointed w/very comfortable beds and down pillows. It was also fairly quiet, which can be hard to find in the city.The staff was helpful, yet unobtrusive. They extended my checkout till 2:00 when I only asked for 1:30.The location was excellent as has been noted. Two blocks to the natural history museum and central park, and a block from the subway. I would definitely consider staying here again if you are looking for the upperwest side.	
Jan 5 2009	Great Hotel - Great Location	We spent 4 days in New York, our first trip there. The hotel was great. Very clean, nice quiet location. Plenty of room, we had a double queen suite with a separate living area with refrigerator and microwave. There is a small store across the street for snacks and beverages. The hotel has a car that will drive you to the airport for $45. Cheaper than what we paid to get to the hotel. If I ever decided to go back to New York, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great stay at the Lucerne	This hotel is a great find! We (2 adults &amp; 2 children) have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Lucerne &amp; would definately stay there again. Located in a great part of the upper west side just far enough away from the hussle &amp; bustle of downtown but close enough to venture in when we wanted to. Very child friendly area, we had no concerns about staying here with our 2 daughters for our first visit to NYC. Very close to Central Park, Museum of Natural History, Children's Museum &amp; subway. Convenience store right accross the road. Plenty of food options close by on either Amsterdam, Broadway or Columbas. Staff were very friendly without getting in your face. Rooms were nicely renovated &amp; clean. We had a room with 2 double beds, adequate for the 4 of us if not a little small, but we were not in NYC to stay in our room all day so no problem. Only had 2 very small complaints:*No fan or vent in the bathroom which made for very foggy showers.*We were located opposite the room that stored the maids trolleys etc so we were woken by them getting their things out of the storage room each morning. If we were't sleepy heads &amp; had been out of bed before 8.30am this would not have been of any concern. Neither of these would stop us from staying here again, we would simply request a room not near the storage room.Don't hesitate to book here! We had a great stay.	
Jan 1 2009 	Wonderful Hotel In New York City	This was a holiday to meet friends from Germany for Christmas and their travel agent had booked them at the Lucerne. I always thought it was a &quot;must&quot; to stay close to Times Square and the theatre district. Reluctanly, I made the reservation for us at the same hotel @ 79th St, W as my friend's travel agent booked. What a wonderful experience, we were greeted by the doorman and the desk clerk was outstanding also. We were one block away from subway, great restuarants and shopping and never needed a taxi except to get back to the airport. The staff was amazing in every way, always smiling, not the rude treatment that I had experience in NYC on other trips. It was a pleasure to ride the subway back to the hotel after a day of absorbing the great atmosphere of 'Christmas In New York', away from the crowds and noises of the city and be greeted by a friendly doorman and desk staff. The room was amazing, large enough and clean and greats furnishings, wide screen TV. Restuarants were close and the food selections were great and delicious. I will be staying here again on my next visit.	
Dec 17 2008 	The Lucerne Hotel was the BEST!!!	A friend suggested The Lucerne and we are so glad we decided to stay there especially since it was our very first time to NY. The location and the neighborhood was perfect, but the staff at the Lucerne went above and beyond with great service!! They found out that it was my 50th and surprised me with a bottle of champagne. My husband and I couldn't have asked for anything more. We had reservations all over the city at big hotels, but this was so perfect in everyway! We will stay there again!!	
Nov 18 2008 	Great place!	Stayed at The Lucerne in September for 4 nights. Quiet hotel, but excellent location, Just out of the bussle and noise of the city, but right next door to a subway station, and a short walk to anything you could possibly need. Cannot recommend this hotel enough, the staff were helpful but did not interfere unless you needed them. The rooms were of a decent size, not bad for NYC, nice decor, and free wireless, and flat screen TV. Stayed in a Queen room and found it to be big enough for two people. Very clean, and maids did a good job every day. Free news paper every morning too. Great place, nice location, clean, friendly, and a definite recommendation! Will be going again, and have recommended to all my friends and family.	
Nov 9 2008 	Reasonable choice on the upper West Side	The Lucerne makes no attempt to make a statement or have any particular ambience -- it's simply a reasonably dependable hotel with comfortable if small rooms, about 10 blocks north of Lincoln Center. Beds, room furnishings and bathrooms are of high quality, and there are rooms on the back side which are free of street noise (though walls are thin in this older structure, so your neighbors will have something to do with how quiet your room is). Maintenance leaves something to be desired (the TV remote was nonfunctional), as does the somewhat disengaged manner at the front desk. Perhaps the least attractive aspect of the Lucerne is the dated, small lobby, which affords no real place to sit and talk with people you might want to have meet you at the hotel. Next door is a &quot;Nice/Matin&quot;, a bright French bistro -- which is where you'll get coffee in the morning, along with nearby West Siders.	
Oct 23 2008 	Comfortable Stay Great Neighborhood	We just returned from a one-week stay at the Lucerne. My husband, adult child and I stayed in a King Suite, which provided sufficient and comfortable space for all. The sitting room has a queen sized sofa that folds out into a comfortable bed; the bedroom with a very comfy king size bed. The kitchenette is a microwave and a mini-fridge and a counter with a single serve coffee pot - more than enough in a city with so many dining options.We requested a renovated room, which was nicely decorated and spotless. (I believe they are working from the lower floors up as they renovate rooms.) Front desk staff was very friendly and welcoming, checkout was quick. Concierge service excellent. Plush bathrobes in the rooms should you require them. Water pressure excellent, spotless bathroom, Temple toiletries provided, a good strong hair dryer. Your choice of New York Times or USA Today in the mornings. It was a pleasant and comfortable spot to come home to after a long day of sightseeing. We enjoyed the upper west side neighborhood, with its numerous restaurants and &quot;neighborhoody&quot; feel, with folks pushing strollers and walking their dogs, lots of little shops and restaurants. The subway is only one block away so we had easy access to any part of the city. It was an easy walk across Central Park in the morning to the east side museums and shopping; Central Park is only a few blocks from the hotel. Great for runners.Minor quibble: we were never left sufficient coffee pods to make three cups of coffee in the AM (single serve coffemaker). Srange since the number of occupants was obvious, and we requested extra pods on two different days (once at front desk, once via call to housekeeping). A minor problem, but when paying full rack rate for an entire week somewhat annoying.We would definitely stay here again. So much nicer than lodging in the more congested areas of the city, and a lovely hotel to boot.	
Oct 15 2008 	Loved the Lucerne--again!	We were at the Lucerne for a third visit in September, and then again, overnight on the way back from Europe, two weeks later. As always, it was a welcome place to come back to--comfortable, quiet, convenient to restaurants, ATM, subway, Duane-Reade; everything a visitor needs while traveling. We love the suites for longer stays, but I can recommend the queen rooms, too. The concierge is always helpful--even called us at home before the trip to ask if there was anything she could do.As far as street noise (another reviewer), we've had no problem, but have always stayed on the sixth floor or above at our request.	
Oct 14 2008 	Mixed Blessings	Weekend stay in a Non-smoking King Suite. The size of the two rooms with full bath and mini-kitchen was wonderful. Flat panel TVs in both bedroom and living room (remote did not work in the living room). Despite being on the 9th floor the street noise was unacceptable due to one of three windows having no ability to screen or filter the noise (the other two windows were better). The hotel hall ways and the room had mild, persistent ODD ODORS! The staff were subdued and while competent not friendly or in any way disposed to &quot;go the extra mile&quot; as on experiences at other hotels and resorts. The associated restaurant food was o.k. but rendered one of us ill in a manner that raised suspicion for food poisoning. The food was average flavor. OVERALL: NOT worth the money. Would much rather have spent the money for a known product even if added a couple of bucks to the cab rides I had to take.	
Oct 7 2008 	A Wonderful Hotel on the Upper West Side	My husband and I, plus my 94-year old father-in-law recently enjoyed a great stay at the Lucerne. The location is perfect for anyone who wants to be close to Central Park, great restaurants and deli's, and eclectic shopping. It's an easy cab ride to the Theatre District and the closest subway stop is a block away. The hotel is in a lovely heritage building. The rooms are on the small side, but very comfortable and nicely furnished. My father-in-law stayed in a room equipped for people with disabilities - it met our expectations except for the lack of grab bars in the accessible shower. My husband and I were upgraded to a suite (at no extra charge) which included a little kitchenette area, a sitting area and a bedroom. Nice additional touches include your choice of newspaper in the morning and spa-quality toiletries. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. The restaurant attached to the hotel (Nice Matin) is very good - we only had breakfast there but can attest to a wide selection of well-prepared breakfast fare. We drove into Manhattan with our rental car and then dropped it off at a conveniently located Avis, just around the corner from the hotel. We picked up another rental from Avis when we left Manhattan for upstate New York.	
Sep 12 2008 	truly wonderwful	My husband and I stayed in the Lucerne for 4 nights in August.The hotel is relatively small but the atmosphere is nice.We got there just around noon because we came from a cross-Atlantic flight and immigration and customs was so quick and easy and the cab driver found a quick route.The room was not ready, but they stored our luggage and allowed us to come back at 2 instead of 4 to check in.The room on the 4th floor had 2 double beds which was excellent for us. The decor of the room was really, really nice and we felt at home right away.The closet was big enough for all our suitcases and had a safe included.The bathroom had no window but a well working vent so that didn't matter. The vent turned on with the light, but you could also turn on the light without vent, so you could also be in silence.The big flat screen TV worked fine.The room was really large and had 3 chest of drawers (9 spacious drawers in total) plus a desk with desk chair. The AC worked really well, too and wasn't too noisy.There is no minibar/ fridge in the room, but signs said there is ice and vending on the 5th and 11th floor - we never used those.From the 9 hotels we stayed in on this trip this was by far the nicest.Eating is really easy, too. Unless you like French cuisine in taste and price, avoid the Nice Matin. We wanted to eat there, but a look on the menu on the side door entering the restaurant from the hotel put us off.We ate a bagel at the Ottomanelli brothers across the street - best bagels of the trip! Once we went to Times Square (Evergreen's just off of Times Square was excellent). Once we went to Mc Donalds which was the worst choice. The last day we went down to Broadway and up two blocks to the nicest restaurant which I forgot the name of.For dinner we can recommend the restaurant which must be at the corner of W 82nd and Broadway which I forgot the name of also. It is partly glass on the sidewalk, you can't miss it. They have the best American (and Jewish) food and the waiter was extremely nice. All other nights we ate in town, but nothing remarkable at that time (Ruby Tuesdays on Times Square and Dean's Second Ave near E 42nd were great at a later stay).But you will find plenty of restaurants of all tastes and bars in the area, so it is nice to just have to walk back to the hotel at night. Across the street is a small duane reade pharmacy, which provides you with snacks, drinks and other things you might have left at home. The next metro station is just down the street on the same block. Takes 1 minute in the morning and 3 at night when you walk up exhausted from the day's fun and adventure.The area felt very safe, we never encountered the slightest problem.The doormen were always at the door, but you had no security checks or such things.The housekeeping did a good job and we had a nice stay all along, including the Concierge getting us an Airport shuttle last minute and the receptionists accepting international mail at the front desk to mail for us.This is a definite &quot;We will be back&quot; in this hotel!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Hotel Fabulous Location	Spent a great long weekend at this lovely hotel. Rooms were tiny (typical for NYC) but were recently renovated. There are tons of small restaurants and shops in the surrounding area and Central Park is only a few blocks away. Be sure to shop the price - we had to move our reservation back by one week and the price per night almost doubled. Still, it was worth the money. Try &quot;Good Enough to Eat&quot; - about a block away for breakfast or lunch.	
Sep 3 2008	Fantastic hotel!	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Lucerne and it was absolutely perfect. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the hotel is beautiful, and the location is excellent. There is a subway stop just one block away, and many destinations, restaurants, shops and Central Park are within an easy walking distance. The hotel is located in a very safe, family-friendly neighborhood. I shared a one room double with my daughter, and the room was really nice, clean, quiet and comfortable. We were thrilled with our decision to stay there and will most definitely return!	
Aug 31 2008 	great location	We spent 4 nights at the Lucerne, our first ever stay in new York. We had a suite, giving us a small sitting room, which was great, and well worth the extra expense (2 parents, 2 teenage daughters). It was really clean and comfortable, but the best thing was the location, just 3 blocks from Central Park and the tour bus pick-up outside the Natural History Museum. It was also near a subway station, with just a few stops to Times Square. The breakfasts (15% off at the attached restaurant) were lovely, and offered a good variety, ranging from fruit to the New York Heartattack! When we needed a taxi, the doormen were great at finding one, and it was very reasonable. On a wider front, we loved New York, and were amazed at how clean everywhere was, and how friendly everyone was. Oh, and recommend the Chicago Uno Grill, near the Museum, for meals.	
Aug 30 2008 	A wonderful experience - again!	Our family of 4 with 2 children ages 5 and 8 stayed at the Lucerne in August for 2 nights. We usually go to NYC every 1-2 years for vacation and we have always stayed at this hotel. This was our 4th visit. The room had been recently renovated. Service was excellent. The location is great for our itinerary since we walked to everything - the American Museum of Natural History, Central Park and Central Park Zoo, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Children's Musuem of Manhattan, and Times Square. We go to H and H Bagels, Zabar's, Patsy's, and Celeste all of which are within a 5 to 10 minutes walk. We almost didn't book the hotel due to the cost but we were able to get a reasonable rate since it was August. We are now spoiled and my husband doesn't want to stay anywhere else! PS For those of you with kids there is a Wild West themed playground for kids about 2-3 blocks south on Amsterdam.	
Aug 25 2008 	Recommend this hotel - great location and good rooms	Two of us stayed a week and enjoyed the hotel immensely. We had spent a fair amount of time reading reviews and learning about NYC before selecting the Lucerne for: (1) suite with the kitchenette (so we could spend all day out without having to go hunting for a restaurant every evening), (2) location - residential not touristy, near subway, bus, Central Park, museum mile, Zabar's deli. A bonus was to discover that the Upper West Side has become more fashionable lately and there are lots of lively restaurants/bars on Amsterdam, right round the corner. The a/c was fine and it was a bonus to be able to open room windows. There was very little traffic noise on 12th floor. The toilet did block twice but they cleared it promptly.Zabar's deli on 80th and Broadway is a delight. You can buy very good quality food here (for self-preparation as well as made dishes) - enough for your stay. But there's also plenty of nearby places for all meal types. We went mainly for the art galleries - the Met Museum is very good value - we spent two days there; MoMA is also very good but the Guggenheim is over-rated for its content.We found the staff to be pleasant, efficient and courteous without being overbearing.Altogether an excellent place to stay in NYC!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great stay!	We stayed in Lucerne for three days. Experience and service was very good and we can warmly recommend the hotel for families that are visiting New York.	
Aug 8 2008 	Excellent Hotel on the Upper West Side	This is a great hotel on the Upper West Side, and excellent value for money. It's within easy reach of the main attractions as there's a metro stop a block away, and Central Park and the Museum of Natural History are just a couple of blocks away. The Hotel is clean and beautifully furnished, we stayed in the smallest/cheapest grade of room (queen) and it was still a very reasonable size for a city. I couldn't fault anything about this hotel, and I would highly recommend staying here on a trip to NYC!	
Aug 8 2008 	Lucerne is a MUST STAY	I just came back from a 5 day stay from NYC and I must say that all the positive reviews about the Lucerne are absolutely correct! The front desk staff are very polite and efficient at their job. They answered our questions about travelling around the city very quickly and had great recommendations for diners and restaurants nearby. Knowing that Manhattan hotel rooms can be on the smallish side I was happily surprised with the size of the Queen superior room. The whole room was tidy and the bathroom was super clean. The room even has an umbrella that you can borrow (just don't lose it or you'll have to pay $25). The only minor negative things about the room is the noise of the air conditioner and the bright light of the clock on the night stand (which I covered with a magazine).The location is also fantastic because it's away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, close to the subway (1 block west is 79th station on the red line), Central Park and numerous affordable and name brand shops, grocery stores (Fairways, Zabars) and restaurants (Ruby Foo's, Beard Papa, Manhattan Diner). As well I felt quite safe walking back to the hotel late at night. From now on I'll definitely stay at the Lucerne every time I go to NYC!	
Aug 6 2008	I enjoyed it alot felt european	I stayed in this hotel from the 29th of july till the 1st of Auguste i enjoyed it alot had lots of fun the rooms where nice and clean could int of bin better. The service was nice and the beds where also nice. The room had good air conditioning the area around us was nice alot of pretty ladys and international people witch was cool. over all i liked it.	
Aug 5 2008 	Solid choice	The Lucerne is a fairly small 13-story Manhattan hotel on the upper west side. Though I was prepared to have to store our luggage, the front desk greeted our family warmly and got us into our room shortly after our lunchtime arrival. They noted our request for a high room with a view out the front and gave us what we had asked for. We had a small suite with two queen beds and a sitting room with sofa bed, micro-wave, refrig, toaster etc. The decor was not trendy but very clean and well maintained, with good mattresses, linens, robes etc. The staff was really the highlight - front desk totally service-oriented, good security, excellent concierges. The price was hard to swallow at $410 but with the kitchenette, we brought food from the many markets and delis in the area and avoided continual restaurant meals which was fun and saved a little money. The upper west side location is a favorite of ours, as it feels more like a neighborhood. There is a subway stop at the next corner, and walks to Central Park and museums are easy. You might quiz the front desk of their renovation program which I understand is working its way up the building. It was up to the third floor this summer. I prefer higher rooms to ease any noise problems, and though our room was not just renovated, we had no complaints at all. The hotel totally met our needs as a family, and, If we can afford it, the Lucerne will remain our choice of Manhattan lodging.	
Aug 3 2008 	We Loved the Lucerne!	We just came back from a 5 night stay at the Lucerne. We absolutely loved this hotel. We knew we made the right choice when Liz, the concierge, called a week prior to see if we needed anything. She arranged for car service to and from the airport. Everyone, from the doorman to the front desk, was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our room. We were on the 9th floor looking out at Amsterdam and 79th Street. The beds were comfy and the shower was fantastic! There were 2 adults and 2 children (ages 9 and 12) and we had plenty of room. We were convenient to Central Park, AMNH and the subway line. We liked not being in the hustle and bustle of the Times Square area. We will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 2 2008	great fit	My family and I (2 adults and 2 young kids) just spent the night there after attending a sporting event in NYC. It was perfect for us. We had a room with two double beds. The room was nice, very clean and quiet. Considering the price...the Lucerne is great!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great service at the Lucerne	We recently spent three nights at the Lucerne. From the outset, the staff were consistently efficient, very helpful and extremely pleasant. Friendly in a non-obsequious way.The room was smallish, yet clean and extremely quiet for a hotel of this size and in a city as noisy as New York.If you are looking for the upper West side, the Lucerne is a good choice.	
Jul 22 2008	A big hotel with small hotel charm	I did extensive research before booking the Lucerne, and I don't think I could have made a better choice. The location is great--a quick walk to Central Park, less than a block from the subway line, close proximity to two bagel stores and Zabar's, and the ambience of a European hotel with the amenities of a chain. Although my family of four did not spend much time in our room, we found it spacious, quiet, clean, and comfortable -- and we were on the third floor. We wandered all over NYC during the day, but returned in the evening to try out the different restaurants within walking distance of the hotel (not including the attached restaurant, Nice Matin, which seemed pretty expensive). The front desk staffers were invariably pleasant and helpful. This hotel is truly a gem, and at $220 night (plus state room tax, city room tax, occupancy tax, and hotel unit fee...sigh) an outstanding bargain.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good location small rooms 	We stayed at the hotel during the NYC Triathlon. We loved the proximity to the race start, and the great Italian restaurant across the street called Coppola's. The room was very clean and appeared newly renovated. However, my husband was a bit disappointed with the size of the room. We paid nearly $300 for a &quot;superior queen&quot; room, and promise you that the bed was the size of a full, not a queen! We were also a bit disappointed with the customer service. The in-room safe malfunctioned, and it took 2 phone calls to the front desk before they agreed to send anyone up. Finally, we managed to open it on our own after waiting more than 20 minutes for help to arrive. When we checked out, we asked for printed directions to I-95, which seemed like a normal request. It took the front desk staff more than 10 minutes to locate the directions!Upon arrival to the hotel, we noticed an available street parking spot and grabbed it. It was great to avoid the hefty valet parking fee, and we had no problems with our car all weekend.	
May 27 2008 	Nice Hotel--some details off	My wife and I stayed recently in a King bed suite. It was very pretty. The furniture is beautiful and the suite is nicely laid out with a bedroom and a separate living room with a bathroom and a small side closet area that also has a dorm sized fridge plus a sink and coffee maker and microwave. The Upper West Side location is very nice especially since we have a daughter living there now. The staff was very professional and friendly and the doormen were great and provide a great element of security to the building.There were some very nice touches like an umbrella and bathrobes in the closet. The coffee maker only makes one cup of coffee at a time and the standard allotment is one filter to make one cup of decaf and one filter to make one cup of regualr which I thought was odd since it's the type of room that would usually have 2 or more guests staying in it. Also the bed had 3 pillows. It seems that if you are going to give people bathrobes and an umbrella that 4 or 5 pillows and 2 filters for regular cofee wouldn't bust the hotel budget. It's easy to ask for more but it would be nicer if they were just there.The biggest disappointment was the movie channel in the living room didn't work. We did inform the front desk but it was never fixed during our time there. This may have been because it was the Memorial day weekend and repair technicians were not available. We had planned on having our daughter come over and pick a movie from the movie channel and watch it in the living room while we had snacks and wine but instead we went out to a movie at the Loews in the neighborhood. If I had known the movie channel wasn't going to work we probably wouldn't have gotten the suite.Overall a nice place but not as much attention to detail as I had expected from other reviews. Next time we visit our daughter we will probably try another hotel like the Excelsior on the Upper West Side for comparison.	
May 16 2008 	Loved it	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Lucerne. If you go with a reasonable expectation (i.e. it is easy to spend a bundle and stay in a slum when it comes to NY), you should not be disappointed. Our room was relatively spacious, clean, and very comfortable. The staff was attentive and courteous. I was there on Mother's Day, and was pleasantly surprised by the reception they had downstairs (champagne and strawberrries, oh yes!) The location is nice too--we were a short walk from Central Park, and close enough to subway stops for this to be convenient. We would definitely stay here again.	
May 1 2008 	Loved the Lucerne	My friend and I just spent 2 nights at the Lucerne, a girlfriend's get-away celebrating her upcoming 60th birthday. Our room was lovely, very comfortable, extra pillows and was QUIET (we were on the 9th fl., and didn't hear any noises). The staff was very nice, helpful, polite. The location is great, just a few blocks from Central Park, a pharmacy across the street, etc., nice neighborhood feel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 19 2008 	Not perfect but I'd stay there again	I stayed there 3 nights in a Q/Q suite on the 3rd floor. The room was very quiet - faced the back, with view of brick wall. The beds and sheets were very comfortable. The shower was great, with HOT water and a thick terry robe. The rooms were good sized by NY hotel standards. The suite had a microwave, small fridge and coffee maker - all clean with appropriate amenities.The location is excellent. Lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance, including Filene's Basement on the block and H&amp;H bagels one block away. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the front desk printed out my boarding pass. A few negative points - turn-down service never arrived on day 2; sections of the (free) NY Times were missing on day 3; the sitting room could use a larger table for eating or working; beware the airport van service the concierge recommends (I had a cursing driver and a decrepit van, my friend's van almost was t-boned when her driver ran a red light). On the whole, though, I'd recommend the hotel, and definitely would stay there again.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great time in NY Lucerne Wonderful	We had 3 rooms (5 people) for a 3 night stay in March. The area was fabulous -- much more quiet than around Times Square. Although we didn't ask much of the staff, our room was clean and perfectly acceptable. I'd much rather stay at Boutique hotels than the chains! Breakfast at the adjoining Nice Matin was good but expensive. We could have done better money-wise at a coffee shop but just never bothered to find one. The doormen were always extremely friendly and the front desk efficient. I can't speak to the bed bug issue but we didn't have any problems. There was a rather large roach on the floor one day but it's an old hotel and a big city! We just killed it and left the body for the maid -- and it was handled.We have definitely found a new home for our New York City stays.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great Get-Away at the Lucerne	My husband and I just returned from three nights at the Lucerne. This was our fist time staying at the Lucerne, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. We found the faded elegance of the Lucerne very charming. Although our room (Queen, superior) was a bit small, the bed was very comfortable and the amenities were in good working order (including in-room wi-fi access). The staff were wonderful - very friendly, accomodating, and helpful. We enjoyed the afternoon &quot;customer appreciation&quot; wine and cheese in the lobby, and we enjoyed breakfast, cocktails and dinner at Nice Matin.Overall, we were very impressed with the Lucerne and we will be visiting again. It is a great location and a very pleasant environment.	
Feb 8 2008	Very nice and appropriate	I stayed here two years ago with my family and two children in a suite. It was just OK then - rooms were reasonably sized and clean but carpet was worn out, furnishings a bit outdated, and TV was old with poor reception. But we needed to be on the upper west side and there are not many options. I stayed here again because of location and was pleasantly surprised. The room was renovated, new carpets, nice lighting with dimmers, flatscreen TV, nice furnishings, now a competitive business travel hotel. I would 100% recomend the hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Would recommend it!	It's a great hotel which I would definitely recommend! Having heard so many horror stories about over-prices and pokey NY hotels, I was so pleased with the Lucerne! It's clean, spacious and quiet, in a great location. The Upper West Side is fab! The beds are amazingly comfortable and all the little extras make it a great 4 star hotel. Don't bother with breakfast at the hotel though, there are lots of cafes and diners along Amsterdam Av which serve great food all day,	
Dec 31 2007	Warning	WARNING - If you make a reservation at The Lucerne Hotel in NY make sure you don't make the reservation with the front desk. Make sure you make it with the 800 number during regular business hours. MAKE sure you get an e-mail confirmation and a confirmation number. If they say they can’t give you this information, you probably have reached their front desk. The front desk doesn’t have the capability to send e-mail, according to Demaris in their reservations office.MORE IMPORTANTLY if you have to cancel, MAKE sure you call and talk to someone in reservations during normal business hours – NOT the front desk! MAKE sure you get a written confirmation back and a cancellation number! To be safe, I would also suggest that even if you get a confirmation number and written confirmation that you contact the General Manager Douglas Brookman and get a written confirmation from him.	
Dec 27 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	The Lucerene is filled with very pleasant and helpful staff, is very clean and quite roomy for a New York Hotel. We did splurge (although, the &quot;splurge&quot; was about $200.00 less than most of the chain hotels during the holidays in NY) for a King bedroom, but it was well worth it. There was a walk in hallway, decent size bathroom and tons of walking room around the bed between the desk and dresser. If you're in need of a lovely hotel on the upper west side, this is the perfect place to stay!	
Dec 26 2007	Another great stay!	This place just gets better and better. Excellent, friendly and professional staff. Refurbed rooms are brighter and nicer than two years ago. Location a block from the #1 subway and right off Amsterdam with a ton of restaurants. Two blocks to Central Park. We've already booked our stay for next December.	
Dec 9 2007	Spectacular stay	We absolutely loved the hotel! We went to celebrate my husband's fortieth birthday, and were instantly upgraded. The rooms were beautifully decorated and spacious by New York standards. The staff was very hospitable and courteous. The subway was situated quite close. The italian restaurant across the street (Coppola's) was excellent! The restaurant downstairs (Nice Matin) was not good- pricey for the quality of the service and quite slow. We ate a good breakfast at Sarabeth's around the corner. Would definitely stay at the Hotel Lucerne again.	
Nov 27 2007	LUCERNE HOTEL (near American Museum of Natural History)	four friends - we stayed January 2007 for three nights; 2 queen beds; kitchenette; and living room area; it was great; would definitely recommend hotel; they were running a winter special at the time too, which was good; plus it included a free breakfast at Nice Matin downstairs, excellent; we had a blown fuse with the hairdryer situation; they fixed it immediately; and I mean immediately;	
Nov 27 2007	Great upper west side hotel	Stayed in the Lucerne for two nights in their King Suite. Cannot say enough about the staff, the hotel, and the french cafe next door. This is a find! Not inexpensive but not bad for this time of year. I learned that there are a number of configurations for their deluxe king and double suites. If you like a massive room with desk and bed plus bathroom, the King Suite i had would fit the bill. room 601. however if you would prefer a sitting area separate from the bedroom ask because i looked at a couple with two double beds and a great lounging TV room.All in all a great upper west side hotel.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great hotel and staff	We stayed at The Lucerne for 4 nights 17-21 November. Rooms are good and clean. Door staff and reception staff could not do enough to help. Near tube and plenty of restaurants. They let us keep a room on the last day until it was time to leave. I can recomend this hotel for a stay in the big apple.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great location wonderful doormen!	My friend and I stayed here Nov 2-5 and had a wonderful stay. We booked the deluxe suite through Expedia and were very pleased with our selection. The location can't be beat, we walked everywhere from this upper west side spot, and whenever we had questions on how to get somewhere, the doormen were ready to help. (The rest of the staff was helpful too.)The suite we booked has a small parlor adjoining the Q/Q bedded room, it was nice to have a little more elbow room. We were right across from the elevator but it didn't bother me at all; my roommate is a light sleeper and she slept soundly too with earplugs in. (Thee was more noise coming from the street outside, typical city noises, honking, garbage trucks, etc. but with the windows closed sound wasn't a problem!) Very comfortable beds and charming decor. I would definitely return here.	
Oct 17 2007 	This is an excellent hotel:Service location and rooms	My family (2 adults,3 children) just returned from 3 fabulous nights. (October 11-14 2007).I caution anyone reading the negative reviews to have the benefit of a doubt when 'administrative' issues arise, as there are 2 sides to the every story. I had a totally different experience (and I double booked by accident one room, and used their on line system for cancellation).This was my 1st time to this hotel. I've stayed at the Plaza dozens of times (before it closed for remodeling, now several of the x-Plaza staff work at Lucerne) when on business and 2 years ago My wife and I stayed at the Carlyle for our anniversary.I had a good feeling from day 1 when the concierge (Liz and Ari) were so prompt and efficient with recommendations. All their tips were right on: Arrive for Ellis Island early and skip Statue of Liberty (it's only open at base and that requires reservation at least 1 week in advance) and go directly to Ellis Island tour, the red double decker on/off bus tour, restaurants only blocks away.They arrange car service for airport that was prompt going and coming.This hotels excels at service -- when we arrived it was raining and during our short wait for our room to be ready (they were sold out) the doormen were out in the pouring rain in the middle of the street hailing taxi's for waiting guests. Each time as we stepped off the elevator, employee's were asking how they could help us.There are dozens of wonderful neighborhood restaurants in all types of food and price ranges just blocks away. Nice Matin restaurant attached to the hotel is excellent as well. Ocean Grill was excellent (pricy) as was Sushi at Haru. There are 3-4 bagel shops just across the street or 1 block away. Starbucks is 2 blocks.The #1 Subway line is 1 block away. Central Park is 2 blocks. The rooms (2 double beds) are ample sized, as was the bathroom. Ours was very clean. It appears the hotel has been recently completely remodeled and everything (furniture, fixtures, ac.heat units, etc..) was new. The water pressure was really great and plenty of hot water. We got a NY Times at our door each morning.Our room price was 340.00 per night. I suggest you get roomsX01, x03, X19-24 as these are not facing the main streets and are dead quiet. We had 2 rooms and one was on the main street and we were on 3rd floor. The soundproof windows are excellent and even on the lower floor right on the street, there was no adverse street noise. My children told me there was a firetruck blaring at 3 am but my wife and I heard nothing fromour room just down the hall. There are few negatives with this hotel: the lobby is small (but elegant NY style) and can be busy. The maids were late to our room one day and we went for a 15 min. walk and our room was ready. You gotta have a little flexibility in NYC folks!!Please contact me if you have addl. questions./ap	
Oct 17 2007 	LUXUS and Wonderful !!	Wir Hatten Unserem Urlaub in Die USA.... We stayed for a long weekend at the Lucerne Hotel 201 West 79th Str. and our Room (Zimmer) was absolut perferkt for the two of us. Our room (Zimmer) was very clean (sauber) and we have absolut no complaints. The service was also very good. A Door man ( Hausmeister) greeting us each time we come and go... going-- always polite and asking would we need a taxi. The Concierge was absolut helpful and friendly, also drawing little maps (Landkarte), so we may find places, shops, restaurants, ALL with ease. Great location--very close to the Metro (subway) to travel up-town/mid-town/down-town, and the food at the attached restaurant.... name--Nice---was delicious(koestlich)... and SUPER SERVICE from server ( Kellner/in). The room (Zimmer) had Flat screen Television, CD-Radio player, comfortable (gemuetlich) bed/mattress, safe in closet with umbrella ( Regenschirm) if traveler has forgotten. Bathroom (Badezimmer) was small, but all was marble (Marmor), fresh towels/ bath supplies every day. I would like to rate this Hotel Top and give 5 points on all.	
Oct 15 2007 	Terrific neighborhood and staff	Second time at Lucerne, tho it's been at least five years since first visit. Happy to note that terrific service I remembered is still the way of the hotel. I love upper west side and hotel's location is great. Rooms are ample by NYC standards. For this visit, stayed in 11th floor room with two double beds and in a suite on 9th floor. Rates are incredibly expensive for the modest level of luxury, but that's the way of the city. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The furnishings are nothing special but do the job. Hotel is in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Shocked to order coffee for two via room service and only be charged $5.50. What a surprise not to be ripped off. The staff is wonderful--from front desk to bellmen. We were able to get help with our bags when we changed rooms mid stay and when we checked out. Hotel also gave us a late check out and kept our bags stashed while we shopped before heading to airport. The Lucerne is proof that good service can enhance an experience tremendously--if it weren't for the staff, I'd give hotel 3 stars.	
Oct 5 2007	Not nice! Paid higher rate than quoted.	Was attending a group meeting at Columbia University.The hotel itself is great-location, accomodations, etc.The problem was the management staff-When I was charged the wrong rate ($100 higher per night than quoted) the manager refused to adjust my rate to the group price I had booked. They wouldn't fix my bill, in fact, the billed me twice. It took months to fix this problem. Even though the rest of the staff (doorman, etc) were very helpful and nice, the administrative problems out weigh the good things.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great location 	We stayed at the Lucerne for 5 nights at the end of September whilst in NY for our friends wedding. Having just read the last 2 reviews, our experience could not have been more different!We arrived at the hotel early (1pm) to be told our room was ready and we could go straight up. The room itself was large and clean with 2 queen beds. We found the staff to always be very helpful and polite. Our room was cleaned thoroughly every day.The hotel is in a great location. There are tons of restaurants within easy walking distance and its lovely to be so near Central Park. There are obviously far more luxurious hotels in NY, but for a modest amount of money the Lucerne is definitely a good bet.	
Oct 1 2007 	Took my wedding guests' money and charged me also	I sent many people to the Lucerne for my wedding weekend. First, they did not have rooms ready until much later than they informed us. Then, they did not honor my cancellation of a room for my mother and charged me. I regularly interacted with the Lucerne regarding my wedding room block. They had my phone numbers, my fiance's numbers, and all of our email addresses. Not only did I call to cancel my mother's room, but they could have contacted me when they realized their computer showed a booking that did not seem to be correct. They chose instead to charge a valued guest. I came back from my honeymoon to their rudeness. Very disappointed.	
Sep 27 2007 	So disappointing!	This hotel has gone down hill dramtically in the last few years. It used to be a lovely small hotel on New York's Upper West side. Now I could never recommend it to anyone. On my visit here last April, the management refused to honor an internet reservation despite a confirmation number telling me they were sold out. I was forced to find an alternate hotel iate in the evening.  On this visit, we made the reservation directly with the hotel despite paying much more for the room. When we arrived, we were told out room would be be ready at 4:00 pm and then we waited hours for the room to be available. Had the management told us the truth, we could have gone shopping or sightseeing rather than be stuck in the lobby being told that &quot;any minute &quot; the room would be ready.  Once we we finally did check in, the room and bathroom were filthy and one of the bed was not made. The musty carpet smelled of mildew. When I complained that the room was diirty, we were told that everything else was sold out so there was little that could be done.	
Sep 27 2007 	Wonderful large rooms!	The huge room was a pleasant surprise - double the size of most NYC rooms that are more like closets! Very comfortable also - new furnishings, drapes and carpets and a large flat screen tv. Staff was friendly and helpful. Totally recommend this little gem.	
Sep 15 2007 	Lucerne a solid 2 1/2 star hotel	I ended up staying at the Lucerne because the Excelsior was booked solid. My room at the Lucerne was clean, quiet,and roomy. The bathroom tiny. The staff friendly. The hotel's location was pretty good. If you are looking for a budget hotel on the UWS the Lucerne is for you. For the same price I'll be by the park at the Excelsior.	
Sep 5 2007 	Fantastic!!	We had a wonderful experience at the Lucerne. The hotel is lovely, comfortable and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the location can't be beat. We've found our new favorite place to stay in NYC! It is within minutes of Central Park, the Museum of Natural History tons of shops and wonderful restaurants. Our room was also the largest we've ever had in Manhattan, at a very reasonable rate. Kudos to The Lucerne!	
Sep 3 2007 	Even better than the last time	we stayed at The Lucerne in december 2005 and it was fantastic but sometimes when you return to a place it is'nt as good but I am glad to say that was not the case at The Lucerne, we had our 12 year old niece with us and she asked if we could have a high floor and a street view and she was'nt dissappointed. we were on the 10th floor with a view straight up Amsterdam and after about 30 seconds she announced that she was moving to new york !but this is a hotel review and The Lucerne has got even better the decor is fantastic, the rooms, we had a double room, are big enough although a suite would have been better but who spends alot of time in the hotel room !!All of the staff were helpfull and very polite as everyone else has stated and the area is full of restaurants and the subway being so close is a bonus.I can recommend this to anyone and as we left kirby was still counting yellow cabs !!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 31 2007 	Great little hotel on West 79th	I was born in NYC and I have high standards for my hotel stays. So when I booked a room at the Hotel Lucerne, I had high expectations. I booked at the Lucerne because of its location just west of Central Park (and a straight shot across the Park to the Metropolitan Museum) and because the price was decent for Manhattan.Overall, my wife and I really enjoyed our stay at the Lucerne. We stayed on the 8th floor; the photos that accompany this review show our west-facing view and the front of the hotel. The bellhops, front desk crew, and concierge are all efficient and friendly...for New York, anyway. I appreciated their efficiency when we arrived in a private car from Long Island; the bellhop took our luggage and silently waited as we checked in. Nice.The hotel elevators are fairly small, but they are manageable. Our 8th floor room was also fairly small, but in terms of Manhattan hotel rooms the size was to be expected. My wife and I found the space to be adequate, although eating a meal in the room was a little tricky. The bathroom is small but it has everything you need. We didn't get a mini-fridge in the room, but when we requested one we quickly got it free of charge.The hotel location is terrific: 1 block from the 1 subway line, 1 block from great bagels at H&amp;H, and less than 1 block from a few restaurants and shops. Taxi service is no problem, particularly with the bellhops and doormen standing by.The room was extremely quiet. I was surprised by how peacefully we were able to sleep in the nice king bed in our room. The 8th floor isn't too high up, but we had a very quiet retreat for a few days there.Minor downsides included a couple of slightly stained towels (quickly and cheerfully replaced) and a window that didn't quite close (no problem, just pulled the drapes). The TV could be newer/sharper, but again that's not a big deal.Overall, I would stay at the Lucerne again. I never even saw the gym on the top floor! The Nice/Matin restaurant is good but a bit expensive...but also very convenient.	
Aug 29 2007 	Very good hotel	The Hotel Lucerne was ideally situated away from the busy tourist areas but ideally situated for the subway enabling easy access for exploring New York. The staff were friendly and helpful and the concierge was on hand for useful advice. She was able to get us seats for The Jersey Boys which although a little pricey having paid over the odds for them the show was so good that we felt it was worth it for the convenience.Our intial room was changed without any problem due to leaking air condtioning. The restaurant attached to the hotel was reasonably priced for dinner and breakfast. There was also a good choice of eateries surrounding the hotel. An absolute must for a vist is Zabar's which is incredible.A very good place to stay	
Aug 27 2007 	quiet and clean	Stayed for four days in August with our two girls, age 6 and 9. Room was cramped but reading reviews should have asked for a larger room. Very clean, quiet and nicely updated, we would definitely stay again both for the hotel, the exceptionally friendly staff and the neighbourhood. We usually stay at the Michaelangelo without kids (fabulous hotel if you can get a good rate) near Times Square but really fell in love with this location. Went for runs in Central park, had breakfast at nearby diners for very reasonable prices.I would stay again but maybe book a larger room than the one we had with 2 double beds.	
Aug 24 2007	Very nice away from midtown tourist lunacy	I've stayed at the Lucerne 5 times in the last 4 years. ..and it just gets better.First, the location on the Upper Westside is so much nicer than the Midtown regular tourist haunts. It's unfathomable why anyone would choose to stay in the Midtown theater district. The hotel is only a few blocks from Central Park, a few blocks the other way from the Hudson River, a nice walk to Lincoln Center - and around the corner from Zabar's and H&amp;H Bagel!!! The rooms are all very nice - BUT they do vary considerably in size. The first time I stayed (with my wife and 2 sons), the room was pretty cramped. Last month (July 2007) the room on a higher floor was huge - by NYC standards.The attached restaurant, Nice Matin, is pretty good, but with so many restaurant choices nearby, a bit superfluous.	
Aug 22 2007 	Location can't be beat	We are a family with 2 teenagers so a spacious room was a priority. We stayed in the king suite and it was perfect for us. The air conditioner worked great. The toilet handle was tricky, you just have to push down hard. The location, the upper west side, was super -- the hotel is surrounded by restaurants, many of which offer outdoor dining. There are grocery stores, drug stores, a department store and small shops all around the area. The Lucerne is one block from the 1,2,3 line. We went all around Manhattan and it was so nice to come back to the relative quiet of this part of NYC. The hotel staff is very nice. The business center is undergoing renovation so we could not use its computers but the front desk did print out some documents for us at our request. We booked tickets to the Museum of Natural History through the concierge and she was very helpful and even alerted us that the subway schedule changes on the weekend. We would have really been confused if we hadn't been clued in! We would absolutely stay here again!	
Aug 20 2007 	Loved the Lucerne - Great for Families!	The Lucerne is a lovely, small boutique hotel on the Upper West Side two blocks from Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. The subway and bus stop are both within a block's walking distance. The location is fabulous! Liz, the concierge, was very helpful with directions and recommendations. The rest of the hotel staff was wonderful. We stayed for over a week and couldn't have been happier. The Nice Matin next door is great for a late night dinner after a show.	
Aug 19 2007	Highly Recommend the Lucerne	We read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this hotel before booking and it certainly lived up to the praise! The location is superb -- just two block from the park in a nice part of the West Side. The rooms are roomy for NYC, the staff was exceptionally friendly, and the rates were quite reasonable. The rooms were recently re-modeled and were clean. We have nothing negative to say and would highly recommend it. Don't forget to ask for AAA rates.	
Aug 16 2007 	New York Hotel Highlight	The hotel really lives up to the description on it's own website. Located in Upper West Side it is 5 minutes from the Museum of Natural History in one direction and 5 minutes from Riverside Park in the other.The Nice Matin restuarant is fantastic and busy with well heeled locals and guests alike. The whole area has plenty of good restuarants though more for adults and older children than little ones.Whilst seemingly out of the madness of NYC it is easily accessible by Subway (end of the street - 10 mins to Times Square), by Bus (outside the door - 15 mins to 5th Avenue) and of course by Yellow Cab. This is a real blessing in that you can get peace and quiet late at night and can step out on to a clear sidewalk rather than the madness of some hotels around the tourist spots.As for New York - fantastic!! If you want a real view go to the top of the Rockefeller - half the price/queuesof the Empire State and twice the view. If you want an emotional experience go to the WTC 9/11 Tribute Centre - I defy you not to have a tear in your eye whilst your there.	
Aug 11 2007 	Lucerne was okay	Just got back from a weeks stay at the Lucerne. Everyone from the doorman to the front desk was very nice. I had booked a double queen suite and asked for a quiet room on arrival. Was given a room on the 3rd floor in the back- no view but very quiet- until Monday when we found that several of the rooms next to ours were being renovated- as in gutted. Electric saws and hammering and the smell of paint. Now the front desk did offer to move us but since it meant repacking everything( I had unpacked everything since it was so quiet on Sun.) we decided to stay put. . We were usually out of the room during the day and the work stopped at 5pm. Just wish we had been informed before hand that there was construction. The beds were very comfortable, we all slept great. Air conditioner worked very well. Had no problems w the internet service. The sitting room was quite small and only had 2 chairs. The bathroom was small but not tiny. Maid service was spotty,the floor was not vacuumed the entire week, toiletries such as soap were not always replaced. The location can't be beat- close to subway, lots of restaurants and I felt very safe. I would stay again but would make sure that my room was not near any renovations	
Aug 10 2007 	Great place at a reasonable price close to subway	My daughter and I just got back from an overnight shopping trip in NYC and found this reasonable hotel recommended by TripAdvisor reviewers. It seems like all our other favorite hotels are up to $450 a night and we just did not want to shell out that much. With tax, our room at the Lucerne was $298 and just fine. We liked it very much. The room was clean and comfortable and very convenient to the subway. Our ninth floor double queen room was quiet (!) and beds comfortable. The adjoining restaurant was very nice. It's a great alternative to the fluffy robe and minibar type hotel.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Hotel for a Great Price	We loved our stay at the Lucerne. We arrived early (11am) and they had a room available for us to check-in to, which was great. The room was beautifully decorated. Not huge, but adequate for ourselves and teeenage son, and hey this is New York. The bedsheets were changed everyday, if you require them to be done, and Fresh toiletries and towels put out. Small charge applies to use the business internet room but it is very handy to check on flights etc. Lady in reception very helpful and will book theatre tickets and provide advice on where to eat etc. She also confirmed our Shuttle Bus for our return to JFK.Couldn't fault the hotel and would definitely recommend to friends.The location on the Upper West side we found great. Away from the hustle and bustle of Mid and Down Town - which were a short and convenient underground journey away. Also short walk to Central Park.The area around the Lucerne is fairly residential, with lots of restaurants and bars. No shortage of choice. Also if you turn right out of the hotel, and walk down to the Hudson River, there is a fantastic bar/restaurant, with great atmosphere, down by the river - well worth walking down to, to watch the sun go down.We had a fantastic stay in New York and would recommend the ferry to Liberty Island and Ellis Island (hire the headphones, well worth it). Also take free ferry to Staten Island if only for the views of Statue of Liberty and Manhatten.	
Aug 4 2007 	Perfect Choice	The Lucerne turned out to be the perfect choice for my four day stay in Manhattan. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. Above all, I truly enjoyed the accommodations. I am a light and restless sleeper, and fret about that at every hotel I stay. Yet I slept soundly every night with no disturbances of any kind. The room was big enough for the solo traveler (and two people would also be very comfortable). The bed and bathroom were of great quality, and the AC kept the room as chilly as I desired. Had a view of the Hudson (took a photo of the big red sun setting over the river from my window).Conveniently located in the Upper West side, I walked everywhere each day: one block from the Museum of Natural History, two blocks from Central Park, seven blocks from Strawberry Fields and the Imagine mosaic; an easy stroll across the park to the Met, Frick, Guggenheim. I even walked through the park to midtown sites as well (Radio City, Rockfeller Center, MoMA). Broadway is also only a block away. The cab ride from and to Penn Station was effortless and inexpensive. I enjoyed a delicious and relaxing dinner every evening at restaurants only a block or two from the hotel (and a nice breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Nice Matin).Some sites give the Lucerne 2 stars, others 3. I would gladly award it 3 stars; I have stayed in many US cities at hotels claiming to be 3 stars and mostly have been disappointed. For New York, the price was a good deal (I booked end of July-early Aug). I plan to make the Lucerne my regular hotel for all future visits. I commend the management and staff.	
Aug 3 2007	Great location!	We were pleasantly surprised by this wonderful gem of a hotel. We have been to New York before and stayed at a hotel near the kaos of Time Square. The Lucerne was definitey a better choice. The Lucerne was clean, very comfortable and close to great restaurants, subway, Central Park, Museums, and Riverside Park. It was pleasure coming home in the evening after a hectic day of sightseeing. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The Lucerne would certainly be the choice of hotel the next time we visit New York.	
Aug 2 2007 	Sublime Relaxation Retreat while in town for the NY Bar Exam	In town to take the the New York Bar Exam, I wanted a quiet retreat where I could get some quality sleep, relax, be close to transportation, and be far away from honking horns, frantic tourists while enjoying some local flavors. I got all of these things from my stay at The Lucerne, and at a great bargain of a price! There is impeccable customer service here--hotel porters, elevator operators, front desk, cleaning service--all very polite and helpful, but also easily avoidable if you are feeling anti-social or particularly independent (e.g., don't need someone to hail you a cab). I got the smallest cheapest room, and I was wowed by the size of the room and bathroom (huge for Manhattan!). Very clean, and luxurious. Flat screen TV, plush pillows. Courtesy umbrella in the closet came in handy. Combination safe in room. In my dazed and confused state after taking the 2-day bar exam, I ended up having a major crisis after I had already checked out and left town. I called the hotel and spoke to the manager (Dexter), who was extremely courteous and helpful, and resolved my dilemma with the utmost care. Food - Nice Matin, the restaurant next door, is OK, but a bit pricey, even with the hotel discount, and better food can be had all along Broadway or Amsterdam within walking distance. You can take 10 steps further from Nice Matin and have a world of options at your fingertips. Zabar's is right down the block on Broadway. Tasty local eats less than a 2-minute walk away on Amsterdam abound (Chinese, Indian, diners, South American, fusion, etc). Necessities - Duane Reede right across the streetTransportation - 1 Train is very close (this was a major factor for me, as I hate walking more than 1 long block and 1.5 short blocks to the subway); taxis on Broadway or Amsterdam readily hailableAlso, there are a bunch of stores on Broadway, if you have some time to kill - Filene's Basement, Sephora, Staples, etc. Cons - wireless internet is not free (but is only about $5.95 for entire duration of stay). Business Center is a rip-off (something like 30cents/min to get online). Restaurants listed in the hotel guide provided in the room are a poor representation of what is really available right outside the hotel! Toiletries were exceptionally odiferous and a bit masculine in scent.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great hotel	Friendly, clean, quiet, lovely, convenient. Great NY Hotel. Very convenient to subway. . Would definetly stay again. Only complaints are the pillows are very uncomfortable and lumpy and could not get extra set of sheets although I had asked for three days in a row.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great hotel and location !	Hotel was excellent. Great staff, lovely lobby and the room while small, was very nice --very comfy beds (we had 2 doubles)Hotel is in a great location, next door to Filenes Basement, 1 block from the subway which takes you direcly to theatre district. Nice Italian restaurant (Coppolas) right across the street, along with 24 hour Duane Reed pharmacy. Try Zabars (around the corner on Broadway) for breakfast. Would highly recommend this hotel	
Jul 20 2007 	Beautiful Establishment	My stay at the Lucerne went well the establishment was beautiful and even though it was expensive it was not too expensive for the city.. There was only a few issues I had with the room and that was just that the toilet in room 324 was a pain to flush.. The suction was not all that great.. There was a couple of times where I had to go back in and flush it again.. There was also a lack of trash cans the only trash can was located in the bathroom.. I just started using extra plastic bags that I had to contain the garbage no one likes things hanging around yuck.. Also I found a cork screw in the cabinet that still contain the cork still on it.. I presume that they could not get the cork off and no one noticed it but I made sure to place it in eyesight so that way the could either have the cork removed or the cork screw replaced, but otherwise from the front desk, bellman and housekeeping were very nice and friendly.. I definitely would consider staying there again..	
Jul 1 2007 	What a dump!	We chose this hotel because of the location (we have family on the upper west side), and we were somewhat hopeful given the reviews we read. The lobby is nice and so is the staff, but the room was horrible. I think I've read that the hotel has undergone a renovation, but maybe they haven't progressed to the suites yet because the furnishings for the room were definitely shabby. But, given that the hotel is reasonably priced we didn't really care about that. We are a family of 5 (three young children) and needed to use the sofabed. When we pulled it out we found that the upper third of the bed tilted in toward the floor and was unusuable. Since it was late at night and our children were already asleep, we had to fit all of us in the king bed. Not so comfortable. Also that night, my husband went to turn on a light, and the lightswitch shattered leaving shards all over the floor. The next morning we took showers and noticed black hair all over the tub (we're blond) and the tub backed up.  In addition to that, the mini refrigerator would only shut if you kicked it hard back into its slot.Needless to say we were less than pleased. We packed up our stuff and got a room at the Mandarin Oriental (absolutely amazing).In addition, when I spoke to the the desk manager about all of this, I didn't get much reaction (not even a &quot;sorry about that&quot;), just asked if I wanted another room. So, while the staff was nice, I wouldn't rate them as excellent.I know many people give this hotel great reviews, but it didn't happen for us.	
Jun 26 2007	Excellent stay!	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Lucerne Hotel. It was a pleasure to return there each evening after three busy days exploring NYC. Our room (double queen for 2 adults, 2 children) was comfortable, reasonably sized, super clean, and quiet. The staff were friendly and the doormen even managed to elicit a smile from our extra shy 8 year-old. We had a very good dinner at the hotel's Nice Matin and dessert at Grom gelato on Broadway. We also had a great lunch at the Funky Diner. Perfect in every way!	
Jun 25 2007	Great Place!	No problems at all. Room was larger than I expected because everyone always talks about NYC having small rooms. The Conceierge (Liz) was very helpful. She can sell you discounted tickets to anywhere. It's only 1 block from the subway so it's very easy to get around. Also, I just received my credit card statement and they did not post any unexpected charges on my card. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 22 2007 	I'd stay here again...	We just stayed here while we attended a conference in the city. We had 2 rooms for four co-workers. The hotel itself is very lovely. Both of our rooms were recently renovated and they were beautiful.It was VERY clean, beds were comfy and service was good. We did have to change rooms due to the air conditioning breaking down one night though.It was in a good location and was close to a subway station and a lot of restaurants and shopping.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great experience	This hotel was selected for me for a conference I attended. I found it very pleasant. I had a single room with a queen bed. The room was in back facing some other buildings, yet it had a nice window and was very pleasant. The room was smaller than a motel room but otherwise not small at all. It was well decorated and the bathroom was lovely. The amenities (bed, pillows, towels, TV, etc.) were slightly above average. The location was excellent, a two block walk to Central Park, a block from Zabar's, with many good eateries in the area. The staff were noticeably pleasant and attentive. Overall this hotel had a charming, high-class feel and I would return anytime if the price is right.	
Jun 1 2007 	Comfortable Cozy and Great Value	I would just like to add my praise for this hotel along with the rest written here.My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in the end of May 2007.As neither of us had ever travelled to NYC before, we were keen to find somewhere to stay that was clean, comfortable, convenient, safe, and not too straining on the budget.We stumbled upon this hotel whilst surfing the net and thought it sounded too good to be true, however, after reading multiple reviews on this site we decided to go ahead and book.We were not disappointed in the slightest. In fact, we were thrilled.We found the Lucerne to be everything it promised.We stayed in a superior queen room and, although it was fairly small, it was well laid out and functional. The furnishings chosen for the room were elegant and made us feel like we were staying in a much more expensive hotel. We were on the 11th floor. Traffic noise was present but bearable however, the room had the tendency to get quite hot if the air conditioner was not turned on (even when the outside air temp was not particularly hot).All staff were friendly and helpful and sounded as though they knew exactly what they were doing (I know this is what you would always hope for, however, in my experience it is unfortunately not terribly common). At some points they went above and beyond the call of duty (eg the bell boy took the time to explain to us the ins and outs of how Manhattan was laid out and how the streets were named without being asked... invaluable abvice!)We found its proximity to the subway to be terrific - very easy to get around anywhere and everywhere we wanted to go.Good concierge service, although we did find ourselves being talked into spending a bit more money than what we had planned for city tours etc (mind you, these were well worth the money...would thoroughly recommend the double decker sight seeing hop on, hop off busses for anyone who has never been to NYC before and wants to see everything there is to see in a short amount of time).We utilised the wireless internet service which was good for us and not terribly expensive (although, beware, once you have used it you will be billed per night for the rest of your stay, so if you were only planning on using it for one quick time on the first night of your week long stay and then not again, this could get quite expensive).All in all we were extremely happy with everything about our stay at the Lucerne and would have no hesitations recommending it to others or, if we ever return, staying there again.	
May 28 2007	Great location quiet hotel	If you need lodging on the upper westside of New York, this is a great hotel in a great location. The subway stop is at the end of the block. There are lots of restaurants nearby. The location is between Central Park and Riverside Park if you want a nice place to walk or for the kids to play. We had a room with two double beds that was a good size. It was not the tiny room you get so often in NYC. And it was quiet! We had a corner room but traffic and city noise was not a problem. We barely heard people in the hall or neighboring rooms. We did not eat at the restaruant but it looked very nice and always had a good crowd. The staff was very courteous and attentive. It was pricey but still less than other hotels we considered in the same area. Every hotel seemed to go up in time for college graduations!	
May 20 2007 	An elegant mid-budget choice	This is an elegant little hotel. My room on the 12th floor looked like it had been recently renovated. It looked out over Amsterdam Avenue (at the back of the hotel), but because it was so high up, I wasn't bothered by noise. Natural light filled the room, and even though it wasn't large, it felt airy.The attached restaurant, Nice Matin, seems popular with the locals. Hotel guests can access it straight from the lobby. I had both dinner and breakfast there and was not disappointed. I didn't get to try the other neighborhood restaurants, but there seems to be no shortage of good places to eat.This is not a budget hotel, but neither is it overpriced for what you get. I would describe it as an excellent mid-budget choice, and I would definitely stay here again.	
May 9 2007 	I hate hotels that lie to me	So I'm staying here at the Lucerne, which is a reasonably nice hotel for New York. The rooms are small but comfortable. But it's the first really warm days of May, and the staff is completely incompetent when it comes to the air conditioning.The first night, I call to say the AC is not working. A guy comes up, fiddles with it, and it works. For 2 minutes. Then it goes off and never comes back on, and the room is sweltering all night.The next morning I ask the desk to fix the AC, and the desk clerk gives me some complete load of hooey about how the water tank on the roof has been drained and there's no AC in the building. I tell him that I had AC for two minutes last night and he's completely bulls***ing me.Same thing last night. The maintenance guy comes in, says only turn it to cold 3/4 of the way, and then it'll be fine. Nope, 2 minutes later it goes off and never comes back on.Now I've got ANOTHER maintence guy here. He says everything is fine. But it isn't as my room is 85 degrees.What a load of junk. I would love this hotel, if they didn't lie to me, and if they could figure out how to fix their air conditioning.	
May 7 2007 	Totally Miranda!	The Lucerne is a beautiful property, in a great location, with friendly, helpful people. I recommend it highly. I had never stayed on the Upper West Side. I usually stay mid-town, but my last experience (at the Warwick) was so deafeningly loud I decided to try something new. It was totally Miranda (as is Sex in the City)! The Upper West Side is a completely different experience!The Lucerne is a find. And I'm glad I found it.I spent 9 days in room 815. My room was not large but completely remodeled with a flat screen TV and a good size writing desk. The bed was very comfortable. The window opened. The bathroom was enormous. Everything was clean, clean, clean. The housekeeper was very attentive. The bellman were very helpful. The 8th floor is beingrenovated so there was a little construction noise but it was limitedto after 9 am (time to get up!) and everyone went home at 5 pm so thenights were very quiet.The only negative experience I had was with the room service. It wasn't the price of the hamburger that offended me and it came fairly fast. It was the quality. One of the worst burger's I've ever had. Bland, undercooked and generally bad. And the fries were even worse. Not good.The property itself is a block away from one subway line (1,2 &amp; 3) and three blocks from a completely different line (A, B, C &amp; D). The crosstown bus (the one that takes you to the Met) is across the street. Public transportation in New York has come a long way - I never once took a cab - buses and subway all the way.I had a great trip - I'd recommend the Lucerne to everyone. Most importantly, I'll stay there again.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great place to stay	My daughter and I stayed at the Lucerne, for our first visit to NY. We found our recently renovated room to be big enough for us and very modern. There was a flat screen tv, and the bathoom was spotless. There was no noise from outside at night, but some renovation noise during the day. Ask for a room on a floor that has completed the makeover. The staff and doormen were very friendly and helpful. We did not understand the subway and each morning the conceirge would write down our travel plans and guide us to where we were going. Since the stop is just on the corner, coming back late at night was not a problem. This help greatly! There are great restaurants in the neighborhood and we felt very safe. The Ocean Grill at the end of the street had outdoor seating and awsome seafood. There is a drugstore acroos the street for all the things you forgot, including snacks for your room. We will return to NY and stay here again.	
Mar 7 2007 	Upper West Side in the middle of the action	I would up at The Lucerne at the last minute after a booking problem with another hotel. Therefore, I probably paid top dollar for my room, and that may have clouded the experience. The room was adequate, but I feel like I could have done better for $300 a night. Maybe I also couldn't help but think that when I used to live in this neighborhood The Lucerne was a women's residence for Barnard's College. In any event, it is certainly nicer than a dorm, and if the rooms are basic hotel-modern, the building itself has retained most of its early 20th century architectural character. (The deep red stone exterior is actually quite lovely.) Assessing the location would depend on your priorities. This slice of the Upper West Side is chock full of restaurants at all price levels, and many bars that attract a young and boisterous weekend drinking crowd. With that in mind, if you are sensitive to noise you might want to request a room that does not face either 79th Street or Amsterdam Avenue, particularly on the weekend and particularly in nice weather, when the drinkers can hang out on the street until 2 or 3 in the morning. The Lucerne does present a convenient location in terms of the subway (at the end of the street) and proximity to some great New York speciality shops (especially food). The Upper West Side is a vibrant and diverse neighborhood, and you also have the advantage, in warm weather, of proximity to both Riverside and Central Parks. In sum, The Lucerne is a decent choice, but if I wanted to stay in this neighborhood I would first look at The Excelsior, which is closer to Central Park, facing The Museum of Natural History. My experience with The Excelsior is also that it's better bang for the buck. But as I said, in all fairness, I did not have the opportunity to &quot;shop rates&quot; at The Lucerne.	
Mar 1 2007	Excellent stay at the Lucerne	My wife and I spent one evening at the Lucerne in mid-February while we were in town for her birthday. We got a room with one king bed on the tenth floor. The room was terrific, on the north side of the building in a kind of quasi-corner, giving windows to the north and west. It had been very recently renovated, in a tan and gold scheme with french-style furniture with marble tops. The room was quiet, very comfortable, and, while hardly huge, had plenty of space. The staff was courteous, warm and professional. The location is perfect for access to the upper west side and the park. I will definitely stay there the next time I need a place in the neighborhood. Our stay was beyond expectations.	
Feb 8 2007 	Wonderful service and hospitality	We arrived at the hotel at 11:45 PM just as we received a call from our son that our first grandson had been born. The people at the desk quickly signed us in, got our bags to the room, and hailed us a cab to the hospital. We stayed six nights in a queen suite and it was wonderful. The suite was spacious, attractive, and very clean. The staff were always helpful with any arrangements we needed to make. The doormen were fantastic. We will definitely make this hotel the place to stay when we make frequent visits.	
Jan 24 2007	A decent balance between quality and price - recommended	We stayed at the Lucerne Hotel in December 2006, just before Chrstmas, for a couple of days, and found this to be a very pleasant place, for my wife and myself and also our two children (12 and 15 years oldI).The room was not very large, but the size was perfectly ok, since we went sightseeing throughout the days. Our children could stay with us, in the same room. Positive:The two beds were very comfatable and absolutely clearn, the bathroom was also very clean and ok.The location is absolutely perfect, if you want to discover New York.The breakfast at the Nice Matin restaurant which is located in the ground floor (but I understand that this is a separate company) was truly excellent (not included in the hotel price) - there is a large choice. We also had dinner once at the Nice Matin - really very good (Mediterranen food), but rather a bit expensive (the price seemed nevertheless justified). The only drawback in the evening (not in the morning) at the Nice Matin was the high level of noise.....The service of the hotel was efficient and friendly.Negative:In our view there is not really any negative aspect, Just an issue of taste: the room we had was not very &quot;modern&quot; in layout and style.,...Overall: Definitely worth a recomendation, definitely a decent balace between quality and price.	
Jan 19 2007 	Fantastic hotel and good location	I would not hesitate to stay at this property again and as a travel agent will be recommending this property to all my clients. The staff were very good, friendly and efficient. The room was beautiful, I was fortunate to have one of the newly refurbished ones, if a little noisy - definitely request an inside room next time! There is a subway stop one block away which will take you straight to Times Square while Central Park and the Museum of Natural History are a short walk away. I would also thoroughly recommend the Shining Star restaurant which is a block away - delicious food with friendly but not overbearing service!	
Jan 16 2007 	Quite Comfortable	My husband and I just returned from 3 nights at the Lucerne and overall it was comfortable, clean and sufficed perfectly for our needs. It's not a sleek hotel with uber-modern interior decor and design but it is classy and has character. I would describe our room/suite as having a sort of shabby elegance to it. Definitely had an old, somewhat worn feeling to it, but this translated into a sort of coziness and hominess that we found welcoming in the dead of winter in NY. The bathroom and bedroom were perfectly clean, the shower was plenty strong, and the bed was amazingly comfy, though the pillows were on the lumpy side. Service was stellar. I had emailed earlier to ask for a room with more space (as we had a lot of luggage with us) and we found ourselves upgraded to a suite which was a nice surprise. Noise was not really an issue for us though there were the typical NY &quot;night sounds&quot; at odd hours of the night that filtered through our 8th floor windows - sirens, etc. No biggie for us at all. Overall, NYC is just an amazing city and the Lucerne is a safe, decent, comfy and cozy place to stay, with excellent service to boot. Feels more like staying in a nice home (albeit slightly worn but in a comfy way) than a chic hotel.	
Jan 4 2007 	The reviewers were right	I read the reviews of this hotel before I booked it. We are a family of four and booked a double room between Christmas and New Years. We found that the many positive reviews were accurate. Our room was pleasant and clean. All staff were very pleasant. The location was quiet for N.Y. and close to public transportation. There were lots of dining options close by. The Nice Matin restaurant in the hotel was great. We would surely stay here again.	
Jan 2 2007 	Fabulous and friendly!!	We had been waiting for this trip for 2 years - went for a 40th birthday celebration for my sister in law. The plan for to do some Christmas shopping, walk, drink coffee, wine and sink into the atmosphere!! It was the first time for all of us in NYC!! Arrived at hotel and booked in straight away. Initial thought on room is that it was small and it had no view to speak of, but after a chat with the lovely people on reception, they moved us to a bigger room overlooking Amsterdam. Rooms were very comfortable and warm and we did not experience much noise - we were on the 7th floor. Nice Martin was very nice, had breakfast and early evening glass of wine there although there are loads of places locally to eat. Hotel really close to Central Park and Natural History Museum. Subway 1 block away which was brilliant. We had a fantastic time and the hotel staff were brilliant and very helpful with advice as this was our first time (but definately not our last) to NYC. We would stay there again, it is just far enough away on the upper west side from the really busy central part of Manhatten, has loads of character and we want to go back! Enjoy!	
Jan 1 2007 	rooms not as comfy as suites	This is our third visit and all in all it was fabulous again. On previous occasions we had a junior suite, very quiet. These were not available now as they are being converted into executive king suites. The room that was given to us now was a luxury king on the highest room floor. In these non-suite rooms your bed is directly next to the entry door, and this door is not well isolated and has cracks. As a result, disturbing light comes in from the corridor, plus the noise. There's also street noise, due to the fact that the sliding windows don't close well. But after the first night I got used to it and had a decent sleep. Big thumbs up for the personnel that does everything to help you and make you feel at ease. This time we skipped the adjoining Nice Matin restaurant, but had our breakfasts at New Wave, nearby on Broadway. It's a small wonderful neighbourhood diner with very friendly waittresses. All the times we were there they played old Stevie Wonder songs and it all just fitted right. In the area there are many good local restaurants, it's always difficult to make a pick and you wish you could eat 7 times a day.Can't wait to be back.	
Dec 19 2006 	Hotel Lucerne	This is really a great hotel - clean, efficient, comfortable. Great location too, 3 blocks from Central Park &amp; a really nice residential area with lots of restaurants &amp; bars around (EJ's luncheonette around the corner does great breakfasts, shakes, burgers etc!)This is ideal if you want to escape the mad, busy tourist areas of NYC &amp; recharge your batteries in the evening, but a Subway station is just at the end of the block to reach places really easily.Great stay &amp; will definately stay there again.	
Dec 6 2006 	Give Lucerne a try.. Nice for the money	Great Location, Friendly Staff, room itself was larger then expected for NYC hotels. Only down-side needed new carpet yesterday. Besides that, enjoyed the stay at the lucerne. Room service and NiceMatin their restaurant were above average.Would stay their again and would recommend to all.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good all round	Location was great, bus stop directly across the street and subway close by. Lots of restaurants close by (can recommend Sarabeth's). Was a good escape at the end of a hectic New York day, we slept sound every night - no noise from the street to keep us awake. Room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Would stay at the Lucerne again without hesitation.	
Nov 25 2006	Wonderful hotel still talking about our stay!	Recently stayed at the Lucerne Hotel on the upper west side. Every staff member was extremely friendly and helpful. This was our first stay in New York and when we left it felt as if we where leaving our dear friends.We were pleasantly surprised one afternoon for a guest appreciation event.Looking forward to our next visit.	
Nov 16 2006 	Loved the Lucerne	I've been to NYC about 3 or 4 times on business in the last year and grew tired of staying in crowded Midtown, so I decided to stay in a different area this time. I learned about the Lucerne on ------.com and chose to stay at the hotel after reading all of the positive reviews on tripadvisor. I was very pleased with my experience - the hotel is in a quaint, old building that's very clean and the staff was very pleasant. I was in room 721, which is a great double-room with two double beds. The Upper West Side was such a nice change from the usual touristy areas. I had a great dinner at Coppola's, which is a cozy, charming Italian restaurant that's across the street from the hotel. If you're looking for luxury, the Lucerne is not the place for you, but if you're looking for a clean hotel with some character that's also reasonably priced, this is the place. I will definitely be returning.	
Nov 16 2006 	Very comfortable and clean	We lived in this area for around 25 years, having left for California around 14 years ago, and still come back to visit regularly. My last remaining friend in the area, whose apartment we used to stay at, just sold his home to leave the city. So, we decided to stay at this hotel on our old home turf to do a business and pleasure tip to NYC.It's a very nice place, reasonably well kept with a few touches of class in terms of cleanliness, style, lobby, staff, a very nice litte gym, excellent service, robes, umbrella in the room, good beds, good pillows, free New York Times (or USA Today) every morning (even Sunday Times!), and a good wireless internet service for a flat fee per stay. I would recommend the hotel to others and probably stay there again. I should explain that this building is on the northwest corner of 79th Street and Amsterdam Avenue and is in one of the best non-touristy residential areas of Manhattan -- referred to as the &quot;upper west side&quot;. Two sides of the building face the street, and the other two sides abut adjacent buildings. We stayed in a suite on the ninth floor (there are twelve plus penthouse) with two queen beds that faced 79th Street. It was noiser than the inner sides of the building (north and west facing), but since it faced south, it got a good deal of sun. Since I'm from New York, the traffic noise -- cut down signifcantly by the good windows (which you can open, by the way) -- didn't bother us at all. Because they originally offered us a room on the fifth floor facing west, I can tell you that I noticed that if you are facing west, you must be on the 6th floor or above or you will be facing a dark light well. That side will, however be quieter.The stay was not without minor problems. So, just to list them: 1) Drinking glasses were not always replaced with clean ones, 2) The suite had insufficient workspace so that even though it had a little kitchenette, there was really no good place for two people to sit and eat. There was only one desk chair in the sitting room (and also a loveseat and a TV), so we could not both sit at the little desk. We tried to bring a small easychair in from the bedroom, but it wouldn't fit through the doorway. I suppose we could have asked for anther desk chair, but we didn't. 3) Both TV remotes (there were two TVs in this suite) needed new batteries that could not be replaced by a guest (unless the guest happened to be packing a set of Alan wrenches). We called to have the batteries replaced ($5 tip) but thought it was a little suspicious in the first place, since both remotes were bad. We particularly thought it suspicious when the guy they sent with two new remotes received another call while he was servicing our room, about another room that need new remotes. The service was very fast, however. 4) There was a fridge in the room that wasn't working; but they quickly replaced it from their stash of (as I was told by one staff member) around 20 spare fridges. Another $5 tip to reward very fast service. But hmmm. 5) We took the flat rate option for wireless internet service ($11.95, I believe) that covered our whole stay, but it incorrectly expired twice. The hotel did make good on their promise to keep it a flat rate; but we had to go through the hassle of setting the account up again both times it expired. And of course, things like that always stop working when you can least afford the time!So, despite our little list of problems (and we are nitpickers who can find problems in pretty much &gt;any&lt; hotel), we thought they were were all reasonably small and manageable. Thus the basic recommendation holds.	
Nov 13 2006 	Nice place - had a great time	Found the Lucerne on TripAdvisor and liked the look of it, so my brother and I booked in for four nights in September 2005.Using it as a home base we ventured out by foot to all points of interest between Central Park and Battery Park, including Ground Zero, Empire State Building, Wall Street etc etc, and let me tell you - next time we rent a car. It was a long, long walk even for two fit young guys, so plan ahead if you're older or infirm.The area is great at night, with a huge selection of places to eat and drink, from sports bars to themed restaurants etc. There is also a convenience store across the street for all your needs. The staff are friendly, the place is clean as a whistle, and the room was a perfect size ( two double beds, bathroom, tv, coffee maker)The only problem we had was a lack of a fridge, but there was cold beer to be had up and down Amsterdam, so it wasn't a drama. Great place and we plan on returning March 07.	
Nov 7 2006 	An elegant hotel in a thriving neighbourhoor	We stayed here over NYC marathon weekend but you couldn't tell from the staff that they were probably stretched to capacity.A faultless check-in on the Thursday coincided with complementary afternoon tea (OK so it was Earl Grey in plastic beakers but they were really trying!) All the front of house staff were civility itself. The hotel is a little off the tourist track for things like the big 5 Ave shops but absolutely great for Central Park, the Lincoln Centre and the Natural History Museum. The room (a double Queen on the 11th floor) was big enough for the three adults staying and was serviced every day by housekeeping.The fact it's off the beaten track is one of its more redeeming features as you don't feel that the restaurants around the place are only after the tourist $. And downtown is only a cab or a convenient subway ride away. Local restaurant recommendations would be Sarabeth across the street, EJ diner just two blocks up or a fantastic bakery just a little further up Amsterdam serving all organic produce.The hotel also laid on pre-marathon snacks as we left early on the Sunday morning which showed their attention to their guests. One word of warning though if you're on a budget allow for the myriad of NY taxes on top of the room rate, occupancy, tourist and sales tax added a further $200 to our final 4 night bill.	
Oct 24 2006 	A great family neighbouhood	We have just returned from a four night stay at the The Lucerne hotel. We stayed in a double superior room with our two children aged seven and ten. The hotel was excellent, the staff were very helpful and friendly ,the room size was adequate for us especially as all we did was sleep there. The best part of the Lucerne was it's location we loved the UWS especially Amsterdam Ave - so many shops and restaurants .Our children felt really at home and it was nice to see the local children coming and going to school. Fantastic breakfasts at Good Enough To Eat and EJ's.For a quick cheap and typical New York breakfast try Zabars. The subway was only two minutes walk away or you can walk to to central park, natural history museum or Columbus circle if you want take in more of the city . The planatarium in the Rose space center was the highlight of our trip.The only negative of the trip was the Jekyll and Hyde club on Sixth Ave,the food was expensive and poor quality and the entertainment was rubbish.We would definitely stay at the Lucerne again.	
Oct 18 2006	great stay wished it was less expensive	From Chicago.Stayed Columbus Day weekend. We did a lot of research on this website and others. Narrowed down to Lucerne or Affinia Manhattan. Affinia Manhattan was $50 less a night. But went with Lucerne because we felt the neighborhood feel and proximity to Central Park made it $50 better.I think we were right.We payed avg of $350/night for 4 nights. This seemed very expensive but was par for the course as we checked other hotels.Overall great stay. We (wife and I) stayed in the standard (small) Queen room. Everything was very clean and in very good condition. Staff was very helpful and very polite.Our first room had only a view of the brick wall of the building next to us. I called front desk and asked for a better room. Reception needed a few minutes to check for available room. Called back a few minutes later with a better room. Bellhop came to our room with new keys and took our bags to the other room. Great service. This room was on the 6th floor overlooking Amsterdam Av.Bathroom was very clean and maid service did a fine job.Went to Nice Matin (attached restaurant) for breakfast one morning with the 20% off hotel coupon. Excellent breakfast. Looked like a lot of locals were there.The neighborhood is the upper west side and has got a very busy, tight feel to it. A lot of small business and restuarants lining Amsterdam and Broadway. Though based on other reviews of the area I expected the area to be more upscale. I didn't get that impression at all. Kind of dirty (much the same as all of NYC). The area is pretty lively late night. Restaurants and bars are active. But only a 10 min walk to the Park. 3 min walk to Subway.Would stay here again unless I found I real good deal elsewhere.Would have given it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive.	
Oct 13 2006 	Great Stay	This is a top notch hotel. The location can not be beat. Upper West side, 79th and Amsterdam.Busy all the time, in the area, but the hotel was calm and spotless. More areas to eat than I can list. We had dinner at the ocean grill , 78th and Columbus, one block over, Tremendous dinner and well presented. I had Tuna grilled that was out of the world. We also ate at Coppolos, across the street from the hotel. Great Italian. The subway stop is one block over at 79th and Broadway. Very safe and easy to figure out with a map. No need to stay near Times square.Breakfast is easy, there is a coffee shop on every corner.And i usually got coffee and rolls/muffins , at world coffee , Columbus and 80th. I did not have any bad coffee during my stay. Everything you need is within walking dsistance. You will not believe the choices available. We have stayed near Times Square in the past, but this is my new favorite place to stay. My one complaint is that the room is a bit small, but we were only able to book a double, the hotel was full.	
Sep 19 2006 	Great Stay	We stayed three nights at The Lucerne Hotel from Aug. 15 - 18th (room 1223). The room was much bigger than we anticipated and was very clean. My husband, two teenage boys and myself had enough room and did not feel cramped at all. The beds were real comfortable, maybe too comfortable as we slept in later than we planned to each day.Across the street was a good deli for breakfast and also an Italian restaurant that was good and reasonably priced. It wasa couple of blocks to the subway which we found convenient.The staff was very friendly and accomodating. We are hoping to go back next year and we would definitely stay here again. We chose this hotel from previous reviews on Trip Advisor.	
Aug 8 2006	Wonderful	We stay at the Lucerne whenever we are in New York. The accomodations are excellent and the location is perfect, but I wanted to make a special note after our most recent trip in July. I traveled with my husband, two young boys and my mom who is 84. She is still active, but does have mobility issues. I cannot began to say how thoughtful and accomodating the doormen and staff were to my mom. Everytime we came and went (which was often during the day), they went out of their way to make sure she was comfortable, helped her in and out of taxis, and always made her feel like like a special guest! In addition, the conceirge at the hotel was able to get us fabulous tickets to a show on very short notice. We had such a wonderful time and always enjoyed coming &quot;home&quot; to our hotel. L. Wadsworth, Tampa, FL	
Jul 24 2006 	Great neighborhood very nice hotel	I have been going to NYC for years, but had particular needs on this trip that were met by the Lucerne for a good price. It's a very distinctive old building in a great location about 5- 10 mins stroll from various subway lines and 10 mins walk to the park. The double room we had (1010) was a corner room with nice views of 79th and Amsterdam. Decent bathroom and above average beds (I am picky about that). Pleasant staff, pretty lobby and chic restaurant downstairs. I chose it mainly for the neighborhood and two of my favorite NYC restuarants: Sarabeth's and Isabella's. There are so many great restaurants to try in the area and Zabar's is just down the street. It's a must, as is H&amp;H for the best bagels in Manhattan. Both places are near 80th st on Broadway.One special note: They have ragingly good air conditioning in summer! We were kept very cool on the hottest week of the year thus far.I'd happily stay there again and recommend it to my picky parents,	
Jul 23 2006 	Good choice for our first visit to NYC	We chose the Lucerne based on Trip Advisor reviews for our family's first-ever visit to NYC and it was a good choice. Our stay was for 3 nights in July, 2006. The hotel was clean and we found both the desk staff and bellhops to be very friendly and helpful. The neighbourhood appears safe and clean. There are subway stations within a few blocks that took us to Yankee Stadium, the Broadway Theatre District, Statue of Liberty, etc. The Nice/Matin restaurant downstairs was good and there is a sufficient choice of other restaurants nearby, plus a handy 24-hour drug store across the street. The only negative comments we would make are that the rooms are small (normal for NYC I'm sure), there was a fair amount of street noise coming through the closed window (again, has to be normal for most any NYC hotel) and when it was time to leave for the train station the bellhop had about a 15 minute struggle trying to flag down a cab - for some reason it doesn't appear cabs want to take fares from the Lucerne, so plan to leave a little early if you want to take a cab. We would definitely stay at the Lucerne if we visited NYC again, especially since it is situated in a quieter, more residential neighbourhood than farther south in Manhattan.	
Jul 9 2006	Good place to stay	Having read the reviews of the Lucerne on TripAdvisor, we decided to book here. Overall the hotel is good and there were minor problems (which seemed to occur on a daily basis) during our stay but these were immediately rectified by the friendly staff. Such problems included a leak in our initial room that we were given, a tempramental TV and a lack of hot water one morning (which seemed to be a central boiler problem). As I say these problems were immediately tended to on reporting and the staff were very courteous which made a lot of difference.Our room was clean, of a good size and quiet. Room service was good even in the early hours of the morning and the tourism desk in the lobby was very helpful (although chairs at its desk wouldn't go amiss!).The location of the hotel is good for getting away from the crowds at Times Square and if you feel brave the '1' subway station is virtually opposite the hotel. We chose to take taxis around which can work out expensive with tips etc. Good local restaurants are abundant around the hotel although we didn't have a chance to visit Nice Matin.Overall we would probably stay there again if the rates were as comparitively good as we managed this time.	
Jul 8 2006	Nice hotel on upper west side	My wife and I stayed at this hotel June 30 - July 4 2006. The hotel was nice, the staff was nice, and the location was good. I was dissapointed we didn't have a good view of the street. I have read almost all the reviews on this site and here are my to the point comments. I considered the hotel average and very clean. Our room was spacious enough. Stay in France and you will believe NYC rooms are pent houses.The staff was nice. My wife and I rarely require talking to the staff for anything. We are very independent and maybe some on here are very dependent and that is why they may think the staff could do better.Breakfast should be had at Ottomanelli Brothers full service meat market and cucina. The store had a friendly atomosphere and the guys behind the counter really took care of a local guy who appeared to be not so well off (homeless regular). They made sure he had enough to eat and put a little extra in a Tupperware container for him. Can't say enough about them. Their breakfast (for me two eggs with cheese on a roll) were fantastic and it was nice to sit and watch the people go by while eating breakfast. Breakfast was resonably priced (it cost me and my wife about $9 to eat there) and we were filled up. With lunches and dinners being so high in price these days save on breakfast.The NiceMartin was nice but kinda expensive for the food you recieved and the traffic noise was unbearable. This hotel was nice but not plush and lacks great views (a downer for us).	
Jul 3 2006	Nice hotel in a Great Location	My family of 4 stayed at this hotel last summer. It is a beautiful deco building in a nice location. It was just a short walk down the block to the subway, it is surrounded by restaurants (the little Italian place across the street was very nice) and Zabars around the block. It is a very short walk to Central Park and the concierge was very helpful in showing a route to the museum. The only drawback was the room was very small. With 4 people in a room we ended up having to climb over the bed to get to the bathroom as there is not any room to put 4 large pieces of luggage. Even so the hotel is charming and the location is so nice that I wouldn't hesitate staying there again.	
Jun 17 2006	A Charming Hotel in a Lovely Area	My husband and I and our two kids stayed in a deluxe queen suite at the Lucerne for 4 nights. We requested and received a nonsmoking room, and it appeared that all of the rooms near ours were also nonsmoking. Although our room was across from the elevator and looked out on 79th St. it was very quiet--this being New York there was some street noise but we weren't bothered by it and hardly noticed it when the air conditioning was on. Our room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. There was plenty of room for the 4 of us and we made good use of the refrigerator and microwave. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The location on the upper west side is great for a family and as a base for exploring the city. Central Park is a short walk away and the area around the hotel is nice to walk around in the evening. I felt very safe in the hotel and in the neighborhood. The 1 line subway is a block from the hotel and there are lots of good restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. Zabars and H&amp;H Bagels are a block away. Overall we found the Lucerne to be very pleasant, very clean and very comfortable and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again the next time we visit New York.	
Jun 4 2006 	Ideal location clean and comfortable	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over Memorial Day weekend. We were able to book at a rate for those attending a scientific meeting at Columbia U which made it a relative bargain. The convenience of the subway and bus lines was a real plus. Central Park is close, and we especially enjoyed the variety of nearby restaurants and delis. The room was very quiet, not large. The bed was comfortable and everything was very clean and smoke-odor free as it was a nonsmoking room. We would stay again without hesitation.	
Jun 4 2006	Lucerne for Location	We stayed in Lucerne for 10 nights Mid June and were really impressed. We had a decent sized room with two double beds, so four people could share. The beds were comfortable, the room was very clean and the bathroom was a generous size and included a full bath. Staff were attentive and friendly, and the hotel has a reasonably priced room service menu. There is also a 20% discount for breakfast at the Nice Matin restaurant next door. Although in the relatively quiet area on the Upper West side, the Hotel is close to the subway at 79th St. on the red 1 line, which connects directly to Time Square. only a couple of blocks walk to Central Park, the Natural History Museum and Museum mile on the other side of the Park. Many good reataurants in walking distance, from T &amp; R's for a great Pizza slice or Haru for upmarket Sushi &amp; Sashimi. Would recommend this Hotel and would go back if I have the chance.	
Jun 1 2006	Not luxuy but acceptable	My main problem with the Lucerne was that we requested a non-smoking room, and we got one-- between 2 smoking rooms. Our room smelled strongly of smoke, especially in the bathroom. When I got home, my suitcase and the clean clothes I hadn't even worn during my trip smelled like cigarette smoke. Other problems were that there seemed to be a lack of maintenence. We had a gap in our bathroom ceiling, things like switch plates and grout were dirty, and the furniture was a little dingy. One day the water was shut off for the afternoon. We had three people staying in our room (yes, the reservations department knew this . . . ) but each day we were only given towels and glasses for 2 people and I always had to get the third set myself from the housekeeping cart which never seemed to leave our hallway. Our room was overlooking a rather noisy bar on Amsterdam Avenue, and the yelling and screaming of the bar's patrons in the street bothered us one night. I have never stayed in New York before, so I don't have anything to compare the Lucerne with, but I definitely wouldn't call it luxurious. On the postive side, the staff in the lobby was great. The doormen and concierge were extremely helpful and friendly, and they made up for my other disappointments. The room also had plenty of space for the 3 of us.	
May 30 2006	The Great Escape	My Fiance and I spent a couple of nights in the Lucerne in the last week of May 2006 and we had a wonderful stay.We had suite on the 12th floor which offered some great views. The staff were friendly and accommodating and the rooms were very comfortable. Also for what we got, I felt it was great value. We paid approx $430 per night for the suite which included 2 rooms (a TV in each, one even had a computer console!), a small kitchenette with microwave and fridge and a seperate bathroom. This compared to a room we stayed in later on in the week in Soho which was $546 pn and had half the space and no kitchen.There is no breakfast included in the price but you do get a 20% discount on breakfast at the Nice Matin resturant which is adjoining the Lucerne. We used this on only 1 morning as although the food was nice, (albeit a little pricey even after the discount) the service was not up to much. They forgot our order, left us waiting for a table and generally gave the impression that they were disinterested in us as customers.The hotel is within walking distance of Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. It is also a short walk to the 79th Street subway which is great for getting around. This is more of a residential district so although there are bars and resturants, don't expect the chaos of Mid-Town or Soho/Tribeca.If you do go to the Lucerne, check out Zabars, the deli on the corner of Broadway and W 80th street. This is a great place to grab breakfast and for people watching. All in all, a great place to stay.	
May 24 2006	Loved the Lucerne	We just returned from staying a week at Hotel Lucerne. What a wonderful week! The hotel and staff could not have better! When we arrived, we found our shower had only hot water. The next day, the staff moved us to a wonderful room. The staff were very friendly and accomodating, even holding umbrellas up in the rain when we would arrive. One of doormen literally ran down the street to flag a cab. Now that is service! The neighborhood was great for walking and eating out. Bagels and sandwiches nearby at the delis were fabulous. Breakfast at the Nice Martin was great! Transportation was easy, subway a block away and taxis always available. But again, the staff was fabulous and we say thank you. You made our stay watching our son graduate from Columbia truly memorable. I have stayed in other hotels in New York, but would highly recommend the Lucerne without a doubt.	
May 23 2006	ideal location great staff wonderful service	The Lucerne Hotel is an amazing find. The location couldn't be better. It is a two minute walk to a subway line that will take you quickly to Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle, and Times Square. It is near Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. And best of all, it is in a delightful Upper West Side neighborhood with a wide array of restaurants in all price ranges to choose from. (I especially recommend Cafe con Leche for inexpensive and delicious Cuban/Dominican food.) The staff of this hotel is outstanding. It is one of the best run hotels I have ever encountered. I would love to know what techniques the manager uses to motivate the employees. Day after day I observed bellmen, room cleaners, the concierge, and front desk clerks go way out of their way to provide friendly and efficient service to guests. The rooms are exceptionally clean with comfortable beds. I expect to return to this hotel whenever I visit New York. I wish I had known about The Lucerne Hotel years ago. I recommend it with great enthusiasm.	
May 3 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Lucerne for three nights in April on our first visit to New York City Asked for a quiet room and got exactly that.  A good sized double on 4th floor. View was non existant, but we didn't come  to NYC for the view from Hotel window so no problem. Room was ready when we arrived early so got extra  viewing and shopping time in the city. Hotel was very close to subway so got to city centre  very quickly and easily. Restaurants all around on Amsterdam and Broadway. We will certainly go there next time we visit NYC.	
Apr 19 2006	Gets Better Every Time!	My husband &amp; I stayed at The Lucerne for the second time Valentine's week. To be stranded in NYC during the blizzard was an experience! To be stranded and staying at The Lucerne was WONDERFUL! It was our 2nd week-long stay and it just keeps getting better! I would recommend this Hotel over any others that I've stayed in...inc. The Plaza!! How's that for a rating!!	
Apr 6 2006	Loved The Lucerne	My husband and I have stayed in N.Y.C. many times but never with our children.We chose The Lucerne because of its great location and wonderful reviews on this site. I am pleased to say it was a great choice.It is in walking distance to The Museum Of Natural History and Central Park. The hotel is understated and unassuming. The staff is very professinal but not intrusive. The rooms are on the small side.The closet and dresser are large so we managed no problem even with 2 kids in a standard double room.Our room and bathroom was very clean!! Kudos to the housekeeping staff! Their is a nice restaurant connected to the hotel.We had breakfast their and received 20 percent off the bill.There is a great restaurant litterally around the corner from the hotel called Bettola.We had wonderful gnochi and light and delicious mini pizzas there. I noticed many other families with children checking in and out.My only complaint about our stay is that our room was so warm.We turned our heat completely off and had to crack the window open.My husband and I prefer smaller boutique hotels.I think you almost always do better than large hotels and The Lucerne is no exception.	
Apr 4 2006	Felt at home on the upper west side	I researched both on-line and with tour books, and fortunatley decided on staying at the Lucerne. I booked three months in advance, and asked for a basic queen bed room. Since there wasn't one available, they bumped me up to a Junior suite for the same price. When I checked-in, they bumped me up yet again to a Queen suite for the same price. Suite? Sweet! It was everything I wanted. I wanted non-smoking, and this room has probably never been exposed to smoke of any kind. I wanted a quiet room, and certainly was, with its double-paned windows and black-out curtains. The bathroom was big and modern, with great water pressure. Of course the room was spotless and felt very new. The bed was firm and so comfy. Lots of convenient extras: iron and ironing board, robes, umbrella to borrow, nice sized closet, microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, alarm, hair dryer, and fancy hand soap. The only things I would want - in a perfect world - would be a bigger TV and softer bathroom tissue. But, not complaining at all. Everyone was very polite and helpful. The location was safe and convenient. The restaurant next door, Nice Martin (which I still cannot pronounce correctly), had very fresh food. Most vacations I stay at a B&amp;B, so I have become very picky. I was very pleased with the Lucerne.	
Apr 4 2006 	Great Little Hotel	We just returned from 8 days in New York, staying at the Lucerne. It was our first trip to New York and found our stay at the Lucerne perfect! The Lucerne was in a great location for us and our needs for this trip. Easy access to all areas, with the subway just one block away. Times Square 5 stops away, Lincoln Centre a $5.00 cab ride. There were many great restaurants within walking distance, and the best deli we have ever experienced, Zabars! That in itself was reason enough to stay at the Lucerne. Make sure you find your way to Zabars, you will not be disappointed. We had a Queen Suite, with a very tiny living area, that was seperate from the bedroom, which was good for us as we were traveling with our two daughters. We had friends who joined us for a few days, their room was a King Suite, the finishing was much nicer and it was bigger, and for not much more than we were paying. So it was their room for a glass of wine! The staff were extremely helpful and always attentive. I would not hesitate in recommending the Lucerne, or any of the restaurants in the area...be sure to try Sarabeths for breakfast, and of course Zabars for picnic lunches!Happy travels	
Mar 19 2006	The lovely Lucerne	The Lucerne lived up to our expectations. The service was brilliant. My husband broke the coffee jug in our room, reported it and within minutes it was replaced free of charge.The bathroom was a little dated and small but our room was large by New York standards. Lots of good restaraunts in the area, try The Manhattan diner on corner of 77th and Broadway for great breakfast and we loved Bello Sguardo two doors from hotel on Amsterdam. The staff at the hotel were helpful and friendly with the exception of one surly doorman.	
Mar 8 2006 	Good Staff at Lucerne	The Lucerne is very well located. Reasonably quiet for NYC.Zabar's, harry's Shoes and nice eating places within a few blocks. Subway and buses nearby. Staff at hotel is very obliging but facilities are small. Rooms really more like European ones. I had a double with two beds and there was only room for a very small chair in a corner. Bathroom with stall shower was well fitted with good towels but two people could not be in it at the same time. Fortunately I was alone and could use one bed for papers and work stuff. Bed was comfortable. Would say this would be three star in Paris. Have a good restaurant Nice Matin next to hotel and you do get a discounted breakfast there. Also had dinner and food was excellent but tables are small and close together. Also cannot put meals on hotel bill but must pay separately. This is not convenirnt when on a company account. All in all good stay and I would return.	
Mar 6 2006	Upper west side focus	We have done the tourist New York before and so chose to do Lincoln Center activities this time, and wanted a neighborhood feel for our hotel rather than the &quot;excitement&quot; of midtown. Using this site as a guide we took the queen suite and were quite glad we did. The extra room (and second TV) made the stay much more convenient. It nearly doubles the space. The heat system in the sitting area was noisy, though the bedroom one was quiet. We requested a quiet room and received it; interior upper floor room with limited view, but quiet, as requested. Upper west side is a neighborhood to enjoy. We walked to Lincoln Center and nearby restaurants. Concierge suggested Isola where she dines regularly and it was just right; authentic, cozy, and no reservations needed on a Wednesday night. At such times and places NYC feels like a smaller town and I can feel like a local.	
Mar 5 2006	Friendly medium sized hotel	We stayed just two nights at the Lucerne and rated it highly. We arrived in a snowstorm, mid-morning, and were able to check into our room immediately - that was the first sign of really helpful and friendly service from every one of the staff we met. This isn't a large international hotel with services for the business traveller, but it provides excellent value. Our room overlooked an internal courtyard and was quiet; it was reasonably sized and well equipped. Overall, a hotel that we will return to in NYC.	
Mar 5 2006	Lucerne Hotel NYC - Great Value/Location/Service	My wife, two adult children, and I spent a week at the Hotel Lucerne during our vacation in NYC after Christmas 2005. The service was wonderful - the entire staff was very friendly and helpful. We felt like they were truly interested in being of service to all their guests and made us feel very much at home.The hotel’s setting on the Upper West Side makes it convenient to several tourist must see locations (Central Park, Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle, Hudson River) but without the noise and crowds of Midtown or elsewhere in Manhattan. Small, moderately priced restaurants are everywhere within walking distance of the hotel. The subway to Times Square and Downtown is less than 5 minutes away. The surrounding neighborhood has a residential feel to it, which enhances your experience at the hotel and makes access to essential services (drug store, laundromat) very convenient.The rooms, although small, which is typical for a NYC hotel, are comfortable and nicely decorated. The hotel is also redoing their guest rooms to make them even nicer, although they are well appointed at the present time.We are planning a return trip to NYC in the fall and will definitely stay at the Lucerne.	
Feb 25 2006 	Perfect refuge from the snowstorm	I stayed at the Lucerne February 13th - 15th. I was due to arrive the 12th but with all airports closed that couldn't happen. The hotel staff was wonderful about the difficulties with travel and assured me that my room would be waiting once I arrived on the 13th. I was given a quiet double room with two windows - one facing Broadway and the other Amsterdam Avenue. The front desk staff was warm and friendly as were the bell staff. The area in front of the hotel was cleared of snow so walking wasn't too much trouble. This was my 5th stay at the Lucerne in less than 2 years and it's the only place I'll stay in NYC.	
Feb 22 2006	Lucerne hotel	Great location, in a safe district with loads of restaurants close by. Rooms fairly small but exceptionally clean.Tip - don't book rooms on the second floor; very very noisy, too near the road in a city that never sleeps. We requested another room on a different floor, and this was executed immediately with no problem. Overall staff fine, no-one outstanding, some a little brusque but we expected that. Would we return , yes.	
Jan 23 2006	Very good hotel	I stayed the weekend of Jan.13-15, 2006this hotel is well kept and very clean.Its located in a good safe area, near buses and train.Walking distance to restaurants and shops.I enjoyed my stay and have no complaint about staff or housekeeping.	
Jan 16 2006	Lucern Just Right	Just got back from New York. This was our first trip there. I chose Lucern because of the excellent reviews of the hotel. It is in the upper west side. It is away from the tourist area, so a cab ride or subway is necesssary for most site seeing. The hotel is safe, comfortable and clean. Everything was great for a limited service hotel. We paid $210 per night. There is a pharmacy across the street. It is 1 block from the metro and Zabar's Deli which you must visit. Everyone in New York was very friendly. The hotel is also 2 small blocks from Center Park and the Museum of Natural History. The restraunts in the area are also very good. It was nice to stay in an area that had good, non tourist food. Enjoy! Jane	
Jan 3 2006	Great Stay	We booked the Lucerne after reading reviews on this site and we weren't dissapointed. We had a double queen suite and the room was quite large. The bathroom did have limited counter space, but there was a desk in the sitting room that we used as a sort of vanity table. This worked out fine. The room was very clean and the service was great. They checked our bag for us the first day, while we looked around. Our room was ready at 3:00. We were on the 8th floor and didn't have any problems with hearing street noise when the curtains were drawn. We thought the location was great. I'm very glad we didn't stay in the Times Square area. We went there the first night and it was so crowed, we immediately left. We enjoyed the small resturants and shops in the Upper West Side and enjoyed getting a taste of a real New York Neighborhood. The Subway was a very short block away and we used it frequently. We walked to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. The transit strike occured the last morning of our visit and the doormen managed to get cabs for everyone waiting to get out of the city. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 2 2006	Good experience at the Lucerne	We just spent 5 nights at the Lucerne in a &quot;junior suite&quot; and were very pleased. The junior suite is small but has 2 rooms with a loveseat and chair in one, bed in the other. It's somewhat plain but comfortable, very clearn, and (as we were away from the street) very quiet. Staff were friendly and helpful. We also ate three times (dinner once, breakfast twice) at the associated restaurant Nice Matin and found it above average (service a bit inconsistent). Upper West Side neighborhood is very pleasant (I'm not big on staying in mid-town). With pricing in mid-$200s (except for New Year's Eve and the day before), this is as good as it gets for value in NYC.	
Jan 1 2006	No longer a value	Stayed December 26-28, 2005. A modest hotel on the upper West side, the rate of $330 this time for 3 people in a &quot;suite&quot; came too close to better hotels mid-town. Staff were great as usual, and the room is large by NYC standards. But the old HVAC system, which worked on a whim, soured the stay as the room temp alternately went from very cold to too hot.The ajoining resturant, where Lucerne provides a 20% breakfast discount, still suffers from very poor service. Marybeth's, one block away, is far superior.	
Dec 11 2005	Nice hotel. Great staff.	This is a great hotel. Big rooms for NYC. We had a queen suite, which had 2 rooms plus a bathroom. The hotel staff is great. Even printed out my plane boarding pass for me so I wouldn't have to wait at the airport. The best feature of the hotel is the concierge, Gunther, who pointed us to great restaurants and places to see. Staying in the Upper West Side is nice, as you're really close to Central Park and the hotel is about a block from the subway, which gets you anywhere. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Dec 4 2005	Not great but perfectly acceptable	It is very easy to decide whether this is the right hotel for you, and for most travelers the answer will be no.The first issue is the hotel's location, on 79th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. That is the Upper West Side, a nice neighborhood, a mixture of apartment buildings, restaurants, little shops, and so on, but it's probably not the most convenient base of operations for a tourist. If you have business or family in the area, then this location is ideal; otherwise, you're probably going to waste some valuable time getting back and forth if you stay here.The second issue is the room: clean but small. There is not much room for luggage, and the bathroom is especially tight. (I think it would have helped if they had installed shelves or counters in the bathroom for people to set their toiletries on; I ended up having to balance some of my things on the towel rack.)The staff is quite polite. There was a fellow vacuuming the halls at 11:30 P.M., but he stopped as soon as I asked him to. It turns out that they gummed up my account after check-out, but they eventually straightened everything out, and I don't think they did this on purpose.There is a bustling restaurant downstairs (called Nice Matin), but I did not try it.If you get a room here at a good price, or discover that someone is putting you up here, you're fine: it's clean and everything works. But this will probably not be most travelers' first choice in New York City.	
Nov 24 2005	Great hotel beautiful helpful staff	My husband and I stayed at the Lucerne in New York in November. Upon checking in, they said they were giving us a remodeled room. It was beautiful and extremely clean. Beds were comfortable. Only issue is that the street noise is pretty loud - but if you leave the a/c or heater or fan on, it acts as white noise and does a good job of filtering out some of the noise. We were on the 3rd floor. We will go back to this hotel next time we are in NYC.	
Nov 22 2005 	Small but comfortable	I stayed at the Lucerne for one night, for business. Clean hotel, the beds were very comfortable, the bathrooms are nice and have fantastic water pressure in the shower, nice lobby, good restaurant, very polite bell staff. Gilchrist &amp; Soames products in the bathrooms (which I love) and the rooms actually smelled nice! However, my group found that some rooms were better than others for the same price. We compared, and the doubles on the west side of the building were a little bigger and quieter than the rooms where the windows faced north, on the same corridor with the elevator. (We only had 4 rooms to compare, so I don't know if that's true of all floors, but it's worth knowing that some rooms are smaller - like, you can barely walk between the TV and the beds!) I know someone who stays here frequently, and she does request specific room numbers. The Lucerne is well named; in a way it feels more like a European hotel than an American one. There's no minibar but Zabar's and a neighborhood grocery store are right around the corner on 80th. It's convenient for Central Park and a long walk to Times Square, and there's a subway stop on the corner. Oh, and Nintendo GameCube games are in the rooms for...uh...the kids.	
Nov 21 2005	Best hotel stayed in	Stayed at The Lucerne for 3 nights this November. Although on the expensive side, I could not fault the standard of service and helpfulness of the staff. Very professional, obviously well trained and extremely welcoming. Made me feel really valued as a guest. The room was absolutely fantastic with a great view of the neighbourhood and Hudson River. It was also very clean. The locality is safe and much quieter than midtown. It's also a more residential area giving you a real American flavour! One thing that did stand out was that on arrival back quite late, the doorman politely checked my name on a list for security reasons, again a well thought idea. I couldn't routinely afford to stay here but have to say it's the best hotel I've ever stayed in and a real bonus to my first trip to the US.	
Nov 19 2005	Excellent!!!	We stayed at the Lucerne (Nov. 18th 2005)Friday Night. At first John at the desk said our room would be ready around 1pm. didn't get in until 2 pm but like John said it will be worth the wait. room 317 was just remodeled and it was beautiful. it was a king suite. the hotel is in a great &quot;safe&quot; neighborhood, walking distance are bagel shops, Zabar's for great cheeses, pasta, breads etc. there is a comdey club about 2 blocks away, a drug store, &amp; liquer store across the street. the restaurant at the hotel is also very good. if you are driving it is right off the westside highway at exit 79th street. it is also a short cab ride to &quot;Carmine's Italain Restaurant at 91st and broadway. (under $5.00) and you could take a cab to Rockefellar Center for under $10.00 and the &quot;Met&quot; Opera is also a short ride. Highly recommend this hotel!!dave	
Nov 18 2005 	Mediocre by any standard	As I had to go on a business trip to New York November 14-15, I thought I would give The Lucerne a try as its rates,compared to the other mid-town hotels I normally stay in,were 30% less and the reviews here of it were so positive. The location is fine if one knows New York but it still is off the beaten track somewhat and not within easy walking distance of any great sights.However it is a great neighbourhood with lots of shops and restaurants. I arrived optimistically hoping I would find a New York counterpart to the Knightsbridge Green Hotel that I had just stayed at in London. The TA reviews were comparable as were the room rates.Regrettably I have to say that I found the Lucerne disappointingly mediocre and certainly inferior to the KG. Admittedly,there is a nice show upon arrival with willing doorpersons and check-in clerks and not much after. My room was basically functional but absolutely nothing above average. The room was New York small (if there were mice they would probably have a hunched back) but clean with a very creaky floor.Without a light on it was dark with a wall view, which at first I didn't mind as I figured it would be quiet. Wrong. There was not one door that I didn't hear open or close in my hallway. I couldn't hear the street traffic but boy could I hear the inner hotel hall traffic. Betweeen the elevator which was seven rooms away from mine and the chatter of the housekeeping staff at 7.30am don't think about getting a nap or lying in in the morning. The bathroom looked fine with nice amenities however one had to wrestle with a temperamental shower head that couldn't decide when to scald or freeze. The AC/Heat unit was unbearably noisy when turned on. The bed however was very comfy and the barred window opened four inchesto let in air.There was no mini-bar and no coffee/tea making facilities in the room. One can say what one likes about having to lower one's standards when going to New York because it is New York but enough is enough. The room at $300.00 a night plus taxes would be barely acceptable anywhere else even if one was paying HALF that amount.This was no bargain even for New York and I won't be rushing to stay there again.	
Nov 9 2005	Best Deal Very Satisfied	Looked for a NYC Hotel and most better hotels I found were sold out or well over $400 due to NYC Marathon and Election Night Eve. Found rate online for $300 for queen. Good reviews online etc. Got to Hotel and they upgraded me to KING Exec! I did not even ask - Wow. The other party in our group was also upgraded without asking. Lobby was clean and decorated professionally for the fall season. Room was very clean, carpet seemed new. View from 301 was of another hotel/wall not good, but I was not there for the view. Room was very large for NYC and bathroom was very clean and had nice products. FLATSCREEN TV was an unexpected treat. Bellman, Doorman all uniformed and professional. I was there only 1 night, but as a picky customer I was very happy with our choice and would return under similar circumstances and recommend it.	
Nov 6 2005	Great place to stay	We chose to stay here following the reviews posted on tripadvisor for our first ever stay in the US. The hotel and staff lived up to our expectations. The area is great for resturants and shopping. Central Park, the Natural History museum and the Hudson River are all close. 79th Street is well served by subway and buses. A bonus is getting a 20% discount for breakfast at Nice Matin.One tip is to use the buses as well as the subway, you get to see the buildings and also people are very helpful with directions.	
Nov 2 2005	Loved the Lucerne!!!	Thank you trip advisor!!! We were a little nervous about heading to New York for the first time, so we relied on Trip Advisor for lodging, and the Lucerne did not disappoint. We were in New York, October 2005, for 4 nights. The reviews were accurate. It is extremely nice, quiet and service was top notch. We even left some money out accidentally, only to find it still there when we returned at the end of the day. We felt our belongings were very safe there. Very impressed with room service, they even arranged my shoes in a perfect little row. The rooms were even bigger than I had imagined. The location is wonderful and the restaurant, Nice Matin, is great! We will definitely be staying there again on our trip back. Can't imagine anything nicer for the money. A lot of bang for the buck!!	
Oct 30 2005	Lucerne was terrific value	Just stayed at the Lucerne Hotel in the Upper West Side for 4 nights. Rooms (we stayed in the Supreme Double) were clean and comfortable, after reading all the reviews of NY hotels we expected postage stamp, and it was perhaps a touch smaller than a typical chain motel room, but certainly adequate for the needs of 2 adults. Ditto for the bathrooms. Pretty lobby with doorman, nice facade to the building. The staff were terrific, helpful and attentive, the room was very quiet, the location felt very safe and convenient, lots of restaurants and markets. Quite close to the Museum of Natural History and Central Park and subways, 1 mile walk to the Met. We walked all the way to Times Square but it was a pretty long 2 mile hike, wear good shoes if you do that! Not a luxury hotel but we thought very nice, comfortable and prices were very good comparatively. After seeing the madhouse of Times Sqare and midtown we were very happy to come back to the Upper West Side at night. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2005	Great hotel great area	Fantatstic friendly hotel in a great neighbourhood area.Service and cleanliness etc excellent.Safe and quiet with great restaurants close by - avoid Mid town and stay here at all costs. Nice Matin bar in the hotel does great cocktails - thanks to Paul the barman. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 27 2005	lovely hotel	This hotel is very well located with plenty of bus lines, restaurants and other conveniences around it.The service is outstanding. We needed a repair in the bathroom. It was repaired before we even mentioned it to the desk.The hotel does not serve breakfast but there is a restaurant adjoining it.	
Oct 27 2005	What a delightful surprise	My husband and I have just returned from 11 glorious days in New York City. As first time visitors to the city we did not know what to expect from our hotel and the surrounding area. However as soon as we arrived at The Lucerne we knew we had made the right choice. The staff were both friendly and helpful. Our room was absolutely spotless and this standard was maintained throughout our entire stay. I cannot recommend The Lucerne highly enough. Not only was the hotel a delightful surprise but the surrounding area was full of great restaurants, cafe's, bars and shops. We ate out every night and every night were able to try a different type or cuisine. If you love a good curry I highly recommend the indian restaurant across the road from the hotel on Amsterdam called Swagat, alternatively if you love Japanese food there is a great Sushi bar near the corner of Amsterdam and 81st. If you are looking for something a bit special you can't go past the restaurant adjoining the hotel called Nice Matin they serve beautiful French food, but I would suggest booking for dinner as they are full every night. They also do a fantastic breakfast and I have to say they make the best coffee in the neighbourhood. All in all we had a fantastic time and I hope you do to.	
Oct 26 2005 	Fantastic	Had a corner room on the 7th floor - it was relatively quiet from street noise, and VERY quiet from hotel noise. Was there with two other women and my 7-month old daughter. Our room had 2 full-size beds. We all had plenty of room to spread out. The room was super clean and I felt comfortable having my baby crawling on the floor. I was even able to move the one bed to the window wall so that I could have her sleep with me without fear of her falling out of the bed - and the underneath of the bed was clean, too. There were two extra pillows in the closet to create a barrier for her at the bottom and top of the bed, too. The pillows were very comfortable, as was the bed. The bathroom was pretty tiny, not alot of counter space. But there was a desk right outside of the bathroom that we women were able to store our personal HABA supplies. And the shower was great - wonderful water pressure and plenty of hot water, even with late showers at 9am.The hotel provided us with a complementary copy of Time Out. Very nice. The restaurant next door was fabulous for brunch. The location was fantastic. Upper west side is unpretentious. Two parks within 2-blocks for running and playing. Lots of shopping, museums, and great restaurants. We will definitely stay here again. Whether for business or pleasure.	
Oct 26 2005	Praise the Lucerne!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at The Lucerne 0ct.1st-Oct.7th 2005. Our starting points were quite different: This was my first trip to New York, my boyfriend had lived on Manhattan earlier for about a year. I'm not that crazy about fancy, expensive hotels, for me it's enough to have a nice, quiet, clean place to sleep after a day in the city, as long as I don't have to share bathroom. My boyfriend then, he is a bit snob with hotels. I wanted to spend money on food and shopping, not on hotel, so I suggested that we should stay at the Lucerne for the first 6 nights, based on the reviews here. He was happy with the location (Upper West Side), bt otherwise suspicious. We booked Lucerne, and I was quite nervous...It turned out that Lucerne was fabulous! As we checked in, we asked for a room at the upper floors, and we got one. Room was small but clean, beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was quite big. Hotel staff was &quot;distantly freindly&quot; and professional. Just keep in mind, that this hotel provides just the basics what one needs while away from home; if you are after luxury per se, you will not find it here!!THE BEST PART IS HOWEVER THE NEIGBOURHOOD!! During our stay the weather was really good for fall, and all the little restaurants had their outside seatings full of crowd. Very lively, felt very safe and after a long day walking on the city, you did not have to go far from the hotel!In the neighbourhood I would recommed:Bagel&amp;Co, perfect new york breakfast: fresh bagel, juice, and a big coffee, and big enough tables to read new york post.(just across the street in the corner of amsterdam and 79th)Italian restaurant Pappardella on Columbus Avenue (4-5 blocks south from 79th street, it's not in Zagat, but food is GOOD!)Citrus on Amsterdam Avenue, sushi was GOOD, so were the mojitos (also 4-5 blocks south, it is in Zagat)...and many more!And I had the best steak of my life in SoHo at Balthazar! I heard it can be difficult to get table, but worth trying!!!! (-)	
Oct 25 2005	Nice hotel in safe neighbourhood.	Although not central New York, this hotel on the Upper West Side was only 20 minutes walk/5 minutes cab from Times Square. Clean and comfortable room. Nice, safe neighbourhood, with lots of places to eat very close by (and places to get laundry done). Staff polite and helpful. Would recommend.	
Oct 20 2005	Great Neighborhood Experience	Booked two rooms here for a long weekend in New York. Deluxe King rooms are large by New York standards, but certainly not generous. Junior suites are much more generous and the same price. My experience checking in was made somewhat unpleasant by a Desk Clerk who was neither welcoming nor accommodating. Fortunately she was the only staff person I encountered who was rude. There are great small restaurants in the neighborhood for casual dining. Cental Park, two blocks away, makes a nice destination for walking. The subway location one block away can't be beat.	
Oct 16 2005	Great place!	This is a great neighborhood - Upper West Side. Lots of local flair. Room was small, but ok, since we weren't there very much. Close to subway stop, too. Loved the local neighborhood, service was great. I thought it was very expensive, but I guess it's typical of NYC.	
Oct 12 2005	great hotel	great hotel, the rooms are small but nice and clean, and very quiet. Many restaurants within walking distance. We will go back if we go back to NY	
Sep 27 2005	Above average	After reading all the reviews about hotels in New York, we decided to booked into the Lucerne just to be safe considering all the negatives about hotels in NY.We arrived on Sept 19 and left on 25. The location is on the Upper West side of Manhattan in a nice neighbourhood with lots of places for food and relatively save area.The hotel staff were good and efficient and check us into the 12th floor non-smoking. The room was fairly decent on size with 2 twin beds (4 persons) and clean. We were particular with cleanliness as we had just arrived from KL (Malaysia). The shower was excellent and the beddings and towels were clean.The coriddors and stairwell were clean and in good shape. The small gym was adequate and good. Security at the foyer area was good (in the night) and staff helpful. We had a good stay in the hotel and also in the city.We did not eat in the only restaurant in the hotel but we noted lots of guest in the evening. We were very pleased with the our stay and think that it is highly recommended for tourist.	
Sep 18 2005	Great hotel in Upper West Side	The 7th of September we arrived in this hotel which we booked via an online hotel reservation system. Check-in was quick and friendly. Tickets for the US Open which we bought via e-bay with delivery to the hotel, were given when we checked in.We had a room on the second floor, which was very nice and large for NY. This was our second stay in NY, first time we stayed at the Roosevelt (also a nice hotel, but the rooms are much better at the Lucern).We had breakfast in Nice Matin which is very &quot;nice&quot;. Lunch and dinner is possible in the many restaurants very nearby: Bello Sguardo, Sarabeths, Rain, ... Two blocks away is central park, metro only one block away, Starbucks, GAP, Victoria Secret... also very nearby.Next time... we will definitely stay at the Lucern again. And we hope Kim Clijsters wins the US open again too.	
Sep 17 2005	What a wonderful place!	My wife and 13 year old and I stayed 3 nights at the Lucerne. It was surely one of the nicest hotel experiences we've had. The hotel is meticulously well-kept, the room was well appointed and quite spacious (considering that you are in the heart of New York). The staff were uniformly courteous and helpful, right from the moment we drove up to the door. Not pretentious or condescending, but truly courteous and helpful. The location was wonderful -- a block from broadway and the subway, a block from Zabars, located right on &quot;restaurant row&quot; on Amsterdam avenue, a short walk to the Museum of Natural History, a lovely walk through Central Park to the Met, right by the 86th street crosstown. Central, yet upscale residential, so relatively quiet and not at all &quot;touristy.&quot; A gem of a find. We will definitely go back.	
Sep 8 2005	Lucerne - Great for Families!	We had a wonderful stay at the Lucerne in July of 2005. There were 4 of us, 2 adults and 2 kids (8 &amp; 4). We stayed in a 1 BR suite, which was great - Queen bed in the good-sized bedroom, plus a sleeper sofa in the living room that was actually comfortable! Rooms were nicely appointed and clean. There was a small kitchen area, with a small fridge &amp; microwave. We could have used a toaster. The staff was most helpful, and the location couldn't be better - close to Central Park, Museum of Natural History, and other West side attractions. The hotel restaurant is lovely, but a bit sophisticated for younger diners. We found plenty of kid-friendly dining in the neighborhood, though, so it wasn't a hardship. And, if you child gets ill, as ours did, there is a full service drug store right across the street! We recommend this hotel to others and will stay here again.	
Sep 6 2005	Nice Hotel	We had a nice stay in a fairly large room with Gilchrist and Soames toiletries in European-like decor. Central Park and American Museum of Natural History are within walking distance. The subway and Filene's are one block away. Crumbs down the street is a must try for cupcakes! There's also a good chicken place along the way on Amsterdam which is small but has reasonable prices. Pizzeria Uno had great clam chowder soup! Sarabeth's and Cafe Lalao are ok.The staff are nice and professional. It's an interesting area to stay in as people actually live here. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2005	Excellent hotel!!	You won't go wrong with this hotel! Nice room, good service, great location. We got the junior suite, and it was well worth it for the relatively small extra cost. I will definately return.	
Aug 29 2005	Great spot	The Lucerne is a nice, but unpretentious hotel in a great location on the upper west side. Rooms are small, but clean and nice( with a great bed). Staff are unusually helpful and friendly. We just stayed here again for the third time now and would return. I did notice the price is creeping up (we paid $235/night for rack room (before taxes) which is more than last year, and getting in a range where there are other good choices, so I hope to not see the Lucerne price themselves any higher.	
Aug 19 2005	Our favorite hotel thus far!	We stayed at The Lucerne August 14-18, 2005. After deliberating about where to stay for our third trip to NYC, we decided on the UWS. We had previously stayed at The Muse in Times Square and at 60 Thompson in SOHO. This trip we were going to try to stretch our dollar as far as possible, so we opted for a more moderately priced place. Although The Lucerne doesn't have as &quot;posh&quot; of a reputation as the other two aforementioned hotels, it was every bit as nice. As a matter of fact, it beat the other two in spaciousness of the rooms, views, and friendliness of the staff. It was a tremendous find for us and we will return there for any future visits. We requested a corner room on a high floor, which we received. We had a room with two nicely sized double beds. We could see the Hudson River from one of our two huge windows and the surrounding street areas from the other. The room was spotless and the beds were the most comfortable my family has ever encountered in a hotel. The marble bathroom had a frosted glass window in it as well, so we had superb lighting throughout the room. The hotel is steps from the 1 train subway station which will get you all over the city. There are some wonderful restaurants suitable for families nearby: Sarabeth's. EJ's Luncheonette, Louie's, Zabars. You are within walking distance of Central Park and The Museum of Natural History. We loved being away from the hustle and bustle of midtown, and felt like we were &quot;coming home&quot; each night. I hope The Lucerne keeps up its standards because we will be returning as soon as we can!	
Aug 11 2005	Enjoyed our Stay at the Lucerne	Our family of 4 enjoyed our stay 6 night stay recently at the Lucerne. At first I was a bit disappointed that the second room of our suite was so small, but the hotel soon grew on me and felt like home. This is definitely not a 5 star establishment but we weren't paying 5 star prices either! Our room was pleasant, comfortable, quiet and clean. The kitchenette included a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, cupboards, and dishes and silverware for 4 people. The bathroom was small but well maintained. The lobby is lovely and the staff were friendly. We didn't use the services of the concierge.We ate delicious breakfasts twice at the adjoining restaurant, Nice Matin, for which we received discount coupons from the hotel. Several other days we brought in bagels from H &amp; H (yum!) We ate breakfast once at nearby Sarabeths which was also great.The best thing about the hotel is its wonderful location. The UWS was so pleasant to stroll through with so many good restaurants and shops and lovely side streets. We were glad to get away from the crowds and noise of midtown and return to &quot;our&quot; neighborhood each night. The Duane Reade store right across the street was convenient as was the coin-operated laundromat half a block away. The subway was very convenient (one line is a block away and another two blocks away) and we never felt unsafe. We hope to return to New York and the Lucerne someday!	
Aug 4 2005	What A Nice Place To Stay	What a lovely surprise. We stayed at The Lucerne for three nights and it was a wonderful experience. The hotel is in a GREAT location, The Upper West Side. It is close to Central Park as well as a variety of restaurants and Zabar's...one of the best markets anywhere. The subway is only a block away on Broadway. If you are travelling with children (we were) the location is fantastic and very baby/kid friendly. We arrived around twelve noon and did not expect to check into our room as check in is at 3pm. To our pleasant surprise we were given a room right away without any problems.We were asked if we wanted a mini-fridge in our room and someone quickly brought us one. I was worried that the fridge would be dirty or smelly but it was clean. The room was big, clean and the towels were soft. Our room had a small hallway, two full beds, a nightstand, armoire with television, a small desk with a chair and another comfy type chair. This should give you an idea on the size of the room...not your typical tiny NYC hotel room. Our corner room faced both Amsterdam and 79th Street (very busy)and I was worried about the noise. Amidst the chaos of NYC we never heard anything and our baby slept like, well, a baby. Attached to the hotel is a really great restaurant - Nice Matin. We loved it and although it does get crowded we sat outside and felt less crowded. They are not affiliated with the hotel so you cannot charge anything to your room but it is definitely worth a visit. Finally the service of the Lucerne was excellent. I found the staff to be available yet unobtrusive and very warm, kind and patient even if their guests included a crying baby. A Great Hotel - The Lucerne is at the top of my list.	
Aug 3 2005	Very nice hotel!	My daughter and I stayed at the Lucerne the week of July 25th. We arrived on a Monday around noon, and we were able to check in immediately (instead of waiting until 4pm). Doormen and front desk staff were very friendly and nice - answering all of my questions. They offered to put a small refrigerator in our room, and I said okay, but they never delivered. Wasn't a big deal, but it's there if you'd like it. We were on the 6th floor, facing 79th street. Rooms are very clean, a little small (we had 2 double beds). I wouldn't want more than two people in the standard room - upgrade if you have more than 2 people. There was a hair dryer, ironing board &amp; iron, and umbrella to use if needed. The location of the hotel is great. Subway with #1 train is right around the corner - can take you to Times Square and connect with many other lines. H&amp;H Bagels, and Zabar's right there also. Duane Reed drugstore right across the street. Didn't try the cafe attached (Nice Matin), but have heard good things about it. They stored our luggage on departure day, as we didn't leave until 4:30 pm. Again, the staff was very nice, hotel was clean and great location. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 29 2005	Fine hotel great location!	We stayed here for 5 nights in mid -July through New York heat wave and found the hotel cool and comfortable. We asked for a change of room because of noisy late night bar opposite and that was no problem - the staff were very professional and helpful. I have to agree with all the other favourable reviews - impressed with staff, room size and cleanliness - for the price, this hotel is great value.Location is fantastic for walking around safely - neighbourhood so interesting and 3 restaurants in a row - Nice Matin, Bello Sguardo and Bettolla - super food, reasonably priced, within 30 seconds of hotel doors. A couple who live in Upper Westside agreed with us that they're never tempted to eat elsewhere - met this couple at Nice Matin bar - Bobby mixes wonderful drinks for that drink at the end of a day's sightseeing and we popped in each day before going upstairs to prepare for the evening - good for people watching. Sarabeth's is good for breakfast.Whether walking through to Central Park or to downtown, catching the subway, bus or taxi - the Lucerne was a good starting point and we would definitely recommend it - felt sorry for those tourists we passed going into standard NYC high rise hotels downtown!	
Jul 27 2005 	Nice Hotel!	Very pleasant hotel in a superb location. Wonderful neighborhood and very close to the subways, Central Park, Museums, etc.The hotel staff is very pleasant and they make a good effort of trying to keep the hotel safe in the evenings.The entire hotel was very clean. The restaurant next door was so-so. I had to wait 20 minutes for a Bagel....I should of just went up the street.The only thing I found inconvenient about the hotel, was no in-room safe. I had to use their safety deposit box, but if I had brought my lap top I wouldn't have been able to store it. :-(Other then that, I would recommend this hotel especially for the price and location.	
Jul 27 2005	A really good find we would go back there.	My husband and I stayed at The Lucerne for 6 nights in early July. We had picked this hotel above On The Avenue mainly based on the tripadvisor[-] reviews, and were not disappointed. We didn't get a chance to look at On The Ave but I don't feel any need to. We wanted to stay on the Upper West Side and The Lucerne is in a great position for just hanging out in this area and being away from touristy mid-town. The room was bigger than I expected from the photos, and made up very well every day. It was very clean, and not brand spanking modern or cutting edge but very comfortable and not at all shabby.The closet is big - we managed to get all our clothes plus our suitcases in there, and used all the drawers in the unit under the TV as well, so it was nice not to be falling over things. There is a desk with a chair plus two little arm chairs in the room, and room to walk round the bed comfortably so that should give an idea of the size of the room.The bathroom was also fine - small, but totally clean, nice toiletries, good shower and a bath to soak in at the end of the day. The housekeeping staff were very nice and gave us loads more towels and left fresh toiletries every day.The staff are really helpful and got on to things pretty much straight away - eg a bulb in the bathroom blew. The concierge is extremely helpful - we had questions every day and he was very on the ball, plus he made reservations for us and then called our cell phone to confirm he had done so, sorted out our saturday night entertainment at the nearby comedy club getting us free entry and a reservation. He's a valuable asset!The neighbourhood itself is packed with places to eat at very reasonable prices - Nice Matin in the hotel itself is nice but slightly pricier than everywhere else. You HAVE to go to Zabar's at 79th and B/way when you're there and marvel at all the yummy things. We never made it to H&amp;H Bagels but apparently they're very good. Shining Star diner had the largest menu in the world and does good breakfasts; Good Enough to Eat is not far, and a little different to your average diner. A walk up Amsterdam will provide so much choice it's unbelievable!Last thing, which may sound unimportant but gives you an idea of the place - the other guests were all very nice, and as we were checking in, there was a lady asking for certain rooms who had obviously stayed in the hotel before, so it seems that they get repeat business.So, no complaints, we'd definitely go back and would recommend it!	
Jul 25 2005	Very pleased	1st trip to NYC with the entire family including a 12 year old, 10 year old and 15 month old. Loved the location in the UWS - felt very safe and the proximity to the museums was great. It was a simple walk to the Musuem of Natural History (even in 90 degree heat pushing a stroller) and a very easy bus ride to the Met Art Museum. The subway is only a 4 minute walk and we took that to the Empire State Building and to Chinatown. Air conditioning was perfect after walking in the hot city streets. We could not afford a suite anywhere so I was concerned on whether we would be able to fit the Graco play pen in the room with the 2 double beds. We were able to push one of the beds closer to the night stand and then were able to wedge the playpen inbetween the wall &amp; the bed. That left us with room inbetween and in front of the 2 doubles for walking. Squishy but fine. Bathroom was very clean. We were in room 1021 and we did not hear any noise at all - another big concern with our sleeping baby. Our room did have a window looking out, but we did notice there were rooms in the center of the building - which I imagine did not have any windows or at least not one with a view. We also requested and received a mini-fridge at no extra charge.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2005 	Really nice hotel but request the double....	The hotel reviews I read indicated that the rooms were not your typical NYC hotel, and that's not the case. I had a reservation for a Queen Superior room, which was nicely furnished, but VERY small; the bed, the armoire, desk and nightstand nearly touched one another, and the view was an interior brick wall, so nothing special compared to other NYC hotels I've stayed in. However, my co-worker was in a double which was TWICE the size for the same rate, with a view. The sheets were a bit scratchy, but the rooms were both perfectly clean. The rooms were quiet except for the hall doors which were VERY loud on the third and 9th floors. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful, and the location is terrific on the Upper West side.	
Jul 6 2005	Wonderful hotel!	We stayed at the Lucerne for just a one night stay - Saturday night over 4th of July weekend. I wish we could have moved in! The service was outstanding, the room - fantastic. We had a king suite that was beautifully appointed, with luxurious linens and the most comfortable bed ever. Plasma screen tv's, super-thick robes, toiletries from the UK, gorgeous furniture and decor.... we loved it all. Plus, the location is excellent - the Upper West Side is a real neighborhood, filled with shops and excellent restaurants. Walking distance to Central Park, Lincoln Center, the Museum of Natural History.... for tourists it is ideal. For us - we live in the suburbs, so it was a great pied-a-terre for a romantic weekend. We completed the evening with dinner at Terrace in the Sky - a 5 star restaurant further up on the Upper West Side. Highly recommended!!	
Jul 2 2005	Location is tops	Husband and I stayed 5 nights at the Lucerne the end of May to the start of June and loved it. The room (on the 12th floor) was clean, no smell of smoke, the bathroom was recently updated, and the bed comfortable. The location in a more residential area with tons of great restaurants within a few blocks, the subway stop a mere block away, and the pleasant staff all made this a place we'll definitely stay at again if we ever make it back to NYC. We paid $210/nt booking through the hotels site and our room had a king size bed.	
Jun 16 2005	Great place to stay	My husband and I stayed for 4 nights in May and were very impressed. The price is right for the value especially in NYC. Great neighborhood......wonderful restaurants, close to parks and transportation. The staff was charming, kind and helpful. They got a Dr. for us in less than 10 mins. In fact, my poor husband was as comfortable as possible spending most of his time there sick in bed. The room was quite adequate and nicely appointed. I would recommend the Lucerne to anyone visiting NYC .	
May 23 2005 	Can't Beat the Location	I stayed at the Lucerne with my husband for one night in May 2005. We arrived in NYC via Amtrak from Boston and got to the hotel fairly quickly via cab from Penn Station in rush hour traffic.The two good things about this hotel are the Upper West Side location, only a short walk to Central Park, the Museum of Natural History, Zabars, etc. and the reasonable price for a NYC hotel room. It's also in a fairly residential area and was quiet. There were no kids running the halls and I never heard sounds from guests in adjoining rooms.My main complaint was our room, which was supposed to be non-smoking, but had definately housed smokers; in fact, the entire 5th floor smelled of cigarette smoke during our stay. The room itself had two double beds, a desk, a bath with tub, and armoire with a tv. It was clean and neat. The bed mattress was too hard; I like a firm mattress, but had trouble sleeping.If you are a fanatic about water pressure in the shower, you'll love the showers here. The water pressure was excellent.We ate both dinner and breakfast at the restaurant housed in the same building, the Nice Matin, a Mediterranean style restaurant, featuring French cuisine with an Italian flavor. The food and service was excellent.I would definately consider staying here again.	
May 22 2005	Wonderful Hotel	A wonderful hotel in upper Manhattan staffed by a courteous and well mannered staffed. Clean and comfortable. Priced reasonably and conviently located close to Central Park.	
May 17 2005	Decent place to stay for the budget-conscious	I stayed at the Trump International during my previous two trips to Manhattan, which I visit primarily for events at Lincoln Center and for visits to the American Museum of Natural History. However, this time around, after reading reviews on Tripadvisor, I decided to try out this inexpensive three-star option to see how I would fare. Now, I stayed at the Trump because in the past I stayed at three-star establishments in the same zip code: the Empire and the Mayflower. Both have since closed down. I found them barely acceptable--stained carpets, uncomfortable beds, linens with cigarette burns and lipstick stains. But you'll find no such squalor at the Lucerne. It is a clean, decent place that gives you an excellent value. It is absolutely unpretentious (the Mayflower had airs about it even though it was a shabby hotel), and it's in the heart of a neighborhood that has a residential feel. The West 79th Street station of the 1-line is several blocks to the west, and Central Park is several blocks to the east. I stayed on the 5th floor, in a rather large Superior Queen room (the most basic room available). My dad stayed on the same floor but was in a much smaller room. This category was $195 a night (the lowest available). Both rooms faced inside. They were absolutely quiet. The bathrooms were spotless, with acceptable toiletries (I prefer bath gel to soap, which was all they had, but there's a Duane Reade right across the street where you can pick up any essentials). Best of all, splendid water pressure. The staff gave lots of privacy--No instrusions whatsoever. No high-speed access is legitimately available in non-suite rooms, but my Powerbook picked up a network and I surfed for free. When that didn't work (it was unreliable, of course), I logged on through dial-up and paid 75 cents plus 8 cents a minute (the hotel info book incorrectly lists the cost as .08 cents per minute). I really liked the food at Nice Matin--had some delicious fish and scallops. If you stay at this hotel, I highly recommend the nearby Starlight Diner, open 24 hours and run by a Nepalese gentleman. The gyro sandwich is superb. If you're looking for a clean, decent hotel that can get you to all the important Upper West Side and Midtown destinations in no time--two subway stops to Lincoln Center, three to Columbus Circle, four to 42nd Street--this is a great place. I didn't find the staff especially friendly or charming or helpful, so I can't speak too much to that. They were professional and did their job. There's an experienced concierge if you need such services (we only asked him one question, about the subway), but this is also a perfect place if you're highly independent and like to be left alone as you do your thing. One more thing: I should say, for security reasons they do not allow visitors between 12am and 7am, and between those times you need to give them your name and room number in order to enter the building. It's low-tech security but it works and they take safety very seriously. To conclude, I'll say this is an above-average-to-excellent hotel (4.5)--probably the best you can do for this price in this area.	
May 17 2005	Not Impressed	After reading the reviews posted here I was expecting a lot more from this hotel than I probably should have. The rooms were very small and are really only suitable for people who are staying there for a weekend as there is minimal storage space for suitcases. The rooms were quite clean. One member of the front desk was quite rude and ignorant, while the rest of the staff were delightful. Its only saving grace is its location which is great for exploring the city during the day and local restaurants and bars at night.	
May 13 2005	so very shabby	Although The Lucerne has never exactly been stylish, it at least had a good location. Well even that does not cut it anymore. This hotel could only be considered shabby by anyone's standards. The furnishings are all 2nd rate, including the bed sheets which seemed to have a stain. The staff dosen't seem to be as personable as they use to be either. Next time, I'll try another hotel.	
May 9 2005 	Wonderful!	I stayed at the Lucerne for a week while doing business travel. It is in the perfect location- an upper west side neighborhood with easy access to the subway, busses, restaurants and tourist attractions (Central Park is only a few blocks away). I was especially pleased with the overall hospitality. One front desk staff member was extremely helpful in giving directions and suggestions for things to do during my free time. I asked for a quiet room and was given one on the seventh floor to the back. I did not hear anything outside my room when going to sleep at night. I highly recommend the Lucerne.... I just hope it doesn't become too popular so that the prices remain in my budget for my next visit!	
May 8 2005	Great place to stay in New York	Stayed for 5 nights and it was just what we wanted. After seeing the reviews of different NY hotels on this website we were very nervous of ending up in a dump. The Lucerne lived up to it's reputation. The only slight down side was the room we were first put in was on the front of the hotel and was noisy. It also smelt of cigarette smoke despite being a no smoking room. After a couple of nights we asked for a change but were not hopeful knowing they were pretty full but in a few minutes they had us in a new room which was on the back so was incredibly quiet and was bigger and nicer than the first room.The attached restaurant was very good although a bit expensive. We manged to get a very good breakfast for $10 each so were happy with that.Overall a highly recommended hotel. Both rooms we were in were very well decorated and comfortable	
May 6 2005	Never Again	This hotel needs a serious over haul. The staff upon check needs a serious over haul as well, like remembering they are in the hospitality business. Never again.	
May 2 2005	What A Wonderful Place	I stayed at two different hotels during my first visit to New York City to experience different parts of the city. This hotel was charming and friendly,the staff recognized us. It was just great and I would recommend it to all.	
May 2 2005	Loved the Lucerne	My family of three (teenage daughter, husband and myself) stayed at the Lucerne during Spring Break. I read through all the reviews here on the Trip Advisor and ended up choosing the Lucerne for the simple reason we needed 2 beds in the room. My sister-in-law who lives in New York, highly recommended staying on the Upper West side. She said staying in the tourist areas (like Times Square) would be too noisy. She was right, we really enjoyed the location! The Natural History Museum was a few blocks away, Cafe Lalo (as seen in &quot;You Got Mail&quot; starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan) is also just a few blocks away. Staying at the Lucerne is like experiencing New York as a resident. The staff at the Lucerne were highly professional and accomodating. We were very impressed with the size of the rooms (as New York size goes) and would definitely stay here again, family friendly! It pays to read through these reviews, I was able to find a great hotel for a decent price!	
Apr 22 2005	A wonderful hotel in every way!	We stayed in a junior queen suite for five nights and really loved everything about the hotel. It's located in a Upper West Side residential area which we found to be perfect--loved leaving the chaos of the city each night and enjoying a peaceful sleep. Never was any noise! The rooms were generously sized I thought, especially after reading so much about tiny NYC hotel rooms. You had lots of room to move about the bed etc. The bathroom was small but pretty-- marble. The rooms and the common areas were spotless. The staff was very helpful and not a bit pretentious. As others have said, the subway is a minute away and so are H+H Bagels(heavenly!) and Zabar's Market which was great fun to wander through. Also right across the street is a local drugstore chain, Duane Reed,and we popped in there many times for things we'd forgotten or a soda, etc.We had breakfast at a little cafe around the corner, Sarabeth's, and they had fantastic french toast, baked goods etc.We will definitely stay here again when we are lucky enough to make it back to the city !	
Apr 20 2005	Another satisfied guest of the Lucerne!	Loved our stay at the Lucerne! Excellent location - a block from the subway, a block from Central Park, close to most of the major show theatres on Broadway, great restaurants and bars around. It is in a very safe and nice area - very residential. The on-site restaurant was very good - we received a coupon for 20% off b-fast and we ate there once and enjoyed it. We had three people in a room with two double beds. The rooms was a bit small, but this is what I expect in NYC. It was very clean. The service at the hotel was fantastic. All in all, a very nice stay!	
Apr 12 2005	Nice Stay...and Nice Matin	Our family of 4 (two adults and kids ages 12 and 16) stayed in a suite that had 2 queen beds and a very small living area with a loveseat, desk, and refrigerator...although big enough even if you were there on business and wanted work space. (I could not figure out how to open the twin mattress contained in the loveseat, but it didn't matter.) The bedroom was generously sized for a NYC hotel. Bathroom was also small, but again, that's to be expected. The room was nicely appointed and very clean, as were the common areas. The overall look was upscale but not flashily so.We found it to be a very convenient location, with the subway only a very short walk (a minute, maybe less) away. It's in a pleasant business district, with shops of all sorts nearby in case you forgot to pack anything. It was also quiet, which can be a rarity in NYC. The only possible downside I can see is that the beds are VERY firm, although for me that's a positive. If you like a soft mattress, though, this is probably not your place.Plus, the hotel restaurant, Nice Matin, is fabulous! We had a reservation, but were at least 15 minutes late because our plane was delayed. It wasn't a problem, though; the friend we were meeting there had already arrived and was enjoying a glass of wine at our table, which was held for us. The menu is interesting with many unusual choices, and the execution on everything was superb. Service was just what you want...understated but attentive. For those who are less adventurous (like our 12-year-old), the burger and fries were also out of this world.All in all, a very pleasant experience, and I would gladly return.	
Apr 7 2005	We recommend the Lucerne.	My wife and I stayed at the Lucerne with our two boys (14 and 11) for three nights last week (April 2005). The room (two double beds) was small, but not an issue for us as we were not in the room except to sleep. The lower cost is worth the trade-off in space. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. The neighborhood is great fun. We enjoyed being in an area where people live. Places to eat (especially breakfast), Central Park, and the museums were within easy walking distance. The subway stop was on the same block as the hotel, and on a line convenient to many of the sites you would want to see. We went to Times Square one night and were glad to have a quiet area to return to. Overall, the Lucerne is a great place to stay and see the city.	
Apr 3 2005	Great stay at the Lucerne	Had a great stay at the Lucerne over Christmas. Staff was friendly and helpful, and our room was very clean. Unfortunately it was also very tiny. Should be expected though in New York. Overall had a terrific stay!	
Mar 23 2005	Quality spot	The wife-to-be and I decided to elope. I wanted Vegas, she wanted NYC. She won the coin toss. Okay, there was no coin toss: she beat me into submission. Anyway, we absolutely loved the Lucerne. Very reasonably priced accommodations for New York. In fact it borders on a true bargain. Well appointed rooms. The breakfast room is on the top floor and has an outdoor seating area. When I reported a slight problem with the lighting in the bathroom, two servicemen appeared in less than 5 minutes. I saw Art Garfunkel hanging out in the lobby - not sure why. Treat Williams drove up in his SUV. Perhaps this is the hangout of all C list celebs. The Dublin House at the end of the block is a top notch Irish boozer. Part of me wants to give this place a bad rating so I can keep it all to myself but I think the secret is already out.	
Mar 23 2005	Wonderful Hotel Room Service needs work	My husband and I recently stayed at the Lucerne, which is our favorite place to stay while visiting NYC. While we were pleased with the room, and service, we took exception to the room service menu. We ordered a &quot;pot of coffee&quot;, and bread basket to start our day. Upon receiving our tray we were surprised that a &quot;pot&quot; of coffee, was a small carafe holding only 1 cup of coffee. With that came one cup and saucer. As there we the two of us, we called down and explained that we needed a second &quot;pot&quot; of coffee. This was promptly brought to us, but they only brought the coffee, not a second cup and saucer. Our quick breakfast turned into quite a wait.In the grand scheme of things, this seems insignifiant. But, at any other hotel we have stayed at, a &quot;pot of coffee&quot;, is exactly that,... a container holding 2 or more cups. I don't mind paying more, especially in NYC, that's quite normal, but I would appreciate the menu being a bit more clear. The remainder of our stay, we had breakfast elsewhere. It was much cheaper, and you got what you paid for.We will continue to stay at the Lucerne, it is a fine establishment, but I'll think twice about ordering room service.	
Mar 21 2005	Lucerne a Great Stay	Simply not a better bargain for the money! Travel: Mid March 2005/Stay: five days. Very roomy King Suite w/kitchenette at approx. $250/per night. Location is ideal if something quaint and elegant far away from the frenetic pace of Midtown is your desire! Streets are safe &amp; offer lovely strolls for enjoying the scenery. This is a neighborhood instead of a lit-up tourist attraction, so don't expect a Times Square experience here! People you meet on the street often live in the area and offer up great advice on the best of New York. Hotel staff is attentive, but never pretentious. Subway &amp; crosstown bus stop within a block...lots of eateries, ZABAR's Grocers (only the best grocer in NY) just a block away, LIncoln Center a five minute subway ride...Central Park within walking distance as is the Natural History Museum. A truly lovely little hotel.	
Mar 18 2005	Wonderful staff...great location	My friend and I stayed @ the Lucerne 2/20/05-2/27/05. It was wonderful!, everything is so close...Central Park is about 2-3 blocks away, the subway is right on the end of the block. The Nice Matin restrauant was great! The staff was wonderful and friendly. The Bellmen went out of their way to hail taxi cabs for my friend and I. There is a great little shop across the street that sells hot breakfast sandwiches (delicious!) The Dublin House was great, the people there are really friendly. Everything was just so close, it was wonderful, it snowed for a couple of days during the week and I watched it fall while sitting in my room. The room was nice and clean, everything was perfect....I would definately stay there again. I didn't find any problems during my stay.	
Mar 15 2005	Decent	The Lucerne has an excellent location, a helpful staff and quite reasonable prices. My family of four stayed in a 2 queen, one bedroom suite for $275. The bedroom was quite big, but the sitting room was ridiculously cramped. With a love seat and TV, there wasn't even enough room for a coffee table. They could also desperately use an upgrade on the beds and bed linens. If you're looking for a nice space to escape the NYC hecticness, this is not the place. But, if you want a no-frills room in a great location without spending $400 a night, you'll be happy with the Lucerne.	
Mar 9 2005	Very nice	This hotel was quite nice. Everything about it felt solid and first-class. Our room was admittedly small, but it was quite comfortable. And it was incredibly quiet. As others have also noted, the Lucerne is in a great neighborhood. High-speed internet is available in the room for a reasonable price for NYC (~$6.00/day). One minor flaw: no convenient power outlet for a laptop or other device. Most hotels have something on the workdesk. Instead, I had to crawl under furniture to find an available one. Overall, though, it's a very nice hotel, and reasonably priced. I'd stay there again.	
Mar 5 2005	Loved this hotel!	This was the first time we have stayed on the upper West side (2/25 and 2/26) and loved the location. Many terrific restaurants in the area. The 79th cross town bus, which stops across the street, goes over to 5th Ave. Subway one block away. Room was quite small but very adequate. If we were to stay for more than a weekend, I'd get a larger room. Hotel staff are excellent. A roll of film (all our pictures of the Gates were on it) fell out of a bag in the room. The staff retrieved it for us and sent it to us promptly. The staff could not have been nicer the whole time including the concierege who was very knowledgeable and available. Will defintely stay here again.	
Feb 23 2005	Great Hotel	Two friends and I stood at the Lucerne over the 2005 New Year and we had no complaints. It was our first time in New York as adults and didn't know what to expect. Subway is conveniently located and it took us about ten minutes to get to downtown on the subway and about $8 taxi ride from time square. Central park is walking distance and hotel staff was very friendly. Another good thing about this place is that there are a lot of restaurants that will deliver food which was very convenient for us and it saved us a lot of time. I would recommend this hotel to anybody travelling to New York.	
Feb 18 2005	2nd time staying at lucerne	We have stayed twice at the Lucerne. Both times were great. the 1st time we had a suite with pull out sofa. good for a small family since it gives people space. the frig was great since we go to H &amp; H for bagels and get lox &amp; cream cheese at zabars for breakfast. Just got back, booked a room over the internet for a queen (least expensive) but wanted 2 beds. got there and just asked for 2 beds and it was no problem. great location on UWSide. We have stayed at excelsior, empire, and On the Ave and choose Lucerne. But with a big crowd we always rent apartments on UWS. It is a neighborhood, good restaurants, and a real feel for New York. Never would stay anywhere else but the Upper West Side.	
Feb 14 2005	Loved my stay there	I have nothing but good things to say about the Lucerne. A friend and I stayed there for 5 nights in February, 2005. The standard queen room is small, but no smaller than the average New York hotel room. The hotel is very well kept and clean. My room was very quiet, despite the fact that it was near the elevators.  The neighborhood is great. It's a residential area with lots of restaurants and shops. There's a Filene's Basement on the corner. There's a subway stop half a block away. Central Park and the Natural History Museum are nearby. The best thing about the hotel was the rate--only $159 per night. I call that a bargain. 	
Feb 14 2005 	Fine Location and Sweet Spot	I couldn't have been happier with any other reasonably priced hotel. The place itself is really nice and elegant, and on the small side which is exactly what I wanted. No glass towers or 20-40 floor elevators for me! The staff was very helpful. I asked for a quiet room off the street and it was just that. The location was excellent for getting buses, subway and taxis in any direction up/down or cross town - amazing. It is 1 block from bustling Broadway and 2 from the shopping food mecca Zabars, and the best of NY's bagles at H&amp;H, plus one of my favorite restaurants Good Enough to Eat. The bar at Nice/Matin next to the hotel was nice too, where we had generous nightcaps. They did not rush us off in any way and were quite accomodating even though it was late. It is a great, safe Upper West Side location, the museums are just right across Central Park from there. (We got to see Christo's Gates!) The hotel is nestled between buildings, so dont' expect views, but that wasn't important to me at all. My only complaint: terrible pillows! Too small and lumpy too. drat. Maybe they'll fix that. Yet, I'll probably go back there on my next trip. 	
Feb 10 2005	Comfort peace and great breakfasts!	Just back from New York (first visit) where we needed to stay Uptown in order to visit family. Chose the Lucerne, having studied the reviews in TripAdvisor. Extremely easy to get to Central Park or take the subway Downtown. Slightly dated, chintzy decor may not appeal to everyone, but our rooms on the 8th floor were clean, light, spacious and well appointed (apart from one broken light fitting) and very quiet at night. All the staff were attentive and helpful. The Lucerne's adjoining bar/restaurant, Nice Matin, was a huge bonus for taking breakfast without having to look for it elsewhere. Popular with local Upper West Siders, it had a great atmosphere - especially at weekend brunch. Good, extensive breakfast menu (although not particularly cheap). Lucerne guests can use a special entrance through a side door into the restaurant from the hotel lobby and are given a 20% discount (per table) on breakfast for each night of their stay. Very pleased we stayed there - would definitely stay there again. 	
Feb 10 2005	Great Hotel in Great Location	Stayed at The Lucerne the weekend of 1/28. Location is great- out of the scurry of mid-town Manhattan, yet close to subway (1/9) line for very easy access to all tourist destinations. Restaurants along Amsterdam are great, serving much better food more reasonably priced than midtown counterparts. Hotel itself was small and intimate. THe lobby is beautifully appointed, and looks recently renovated. The rooms are typical small Manhattan rooms, but again, decorated beautifully, and very clean. A great hotel for a great price, I'd highly reccommend it. 	
Feb 8 2005	Wow !!!!!!	This was our first visit to The Lucerne, but hopefully not our last. The hotel is perfectly maintained and very clean. Our room was also quite large and everything was in perfect working order. The staff was extremely friendly and efficient; especially Gunter who arranged balloons (waiting for us in our room upon arrival) for my girlfriends birthday and even a small birthday cake, which by the way was delicious. The location was great with bus stops and subway station a block away. We were there on January 21st for three nights and got to see the blizzard. It is a short walk to Central Park, which was glorious when covered in a fresh blanket of snow. The Natural History Museum, which is also nearby, along with The Children's Museum were both a great hit with my girlfriends granddaughter. Anyone planning on a visit to New York should give The Lucerne serious consideration. The hotel is perfect in every way!!! 	
Feb 3 2005	concierge tops; location great; fine value	We stayed at the Lucerne during the Blizzard of [January] 2005 and were delighted. The concierge was helpful throughout our stay and most pleasant. Doormen and front desk also helpful and pleasant. Hotel restaurant and 3 or 4 other wonderful restaurants less than a block away, all with outstanding waiting people. Easy to walk to Central Park, Zabar's, and even Lincoln Center. Good value, though the rooms a bit small they have all one needs. Steet noises to our 3rd floor room were a bit much, but actually reassuring (many, many, many snow plows).	
Jan 30 2005	Absolutely Fine superb Upper West Side location	Our family of four (ages 17 and 11) stayed at Lucerne on a Friday night, January 2005. This hotel is absolutely fine. The room with two doubles was a little snug (we were four after all) but most rooms in NYC are not spacious. Everything was clean and the hotel staff was very accommodating. The location for the Upper West Side is superb. The UWS is a great place to walk (and this hotel is very near Museum of Natural History) and has great eateries. And you don't have to spend a fortune to eat in NYC. For example, there are several &quot;upper crust&quot; places for breakfast, brunch, etc. such as Sarabeth's and Good Enough to Eat. But, just a block away (on 8th and Amsterdam) is a &quot;diner&quot; called Shing Star. We just had breakfast food and is was excellent on all accounts. Pancakes for $3.95--you can't beat that anywhere in the USA much less the Upper West Side. And they are open 24 hours, a full fledged diner. Plus. it may not be as &quot;fashionable&quot; as some of their neighbors, but it's still a place where neighborhood folks go, so you get plenty of NYC flavor too. Don't overlook this place. Also for cheap eats in the surrounding area: a falaffel place on 79th and Amsterdam, and Zabar's (a NYC institution) at 80th and Broadway, both the corner cafe and the supermarket, with excellent appetizing counter and also prepared foods to go, fairly priced. And for great pastry tre Le Pain Quotidien at 76th and Amsterdam and, fantastic bakery at 90th and Broadway (Georgine's ???). As an alternative to Lucerne, check out Beacon Hotel at 75th and Broaadway (I posted a review there too). Both are excellent choices and values. Becaon rooms are a bit bigger and have a teriffic advantage of a refrigerator and microwave which is great for leftovers. So, for that reason, that may be our first choice next time. You'll do fine at either.	
Jan 19 2005	Great value in NYC	We stayed in the Lucerne Dec 28 through to New Years Day. Excellent value and service. Convenient transportation straight to downtown and close by many decent restaurants. Recommended overall, especially if you don't want to spend a bundle on a hotel and still get a decent place to stay.	
Dec 27 2004	Decent stay at the Lucerne	This was our first upper West Side stay, so do not know how this compares to other hotels in the area. Arrived at the hotel December 24th, and found all the staff quite helpful. Check in was quick and painless, but request for &quot;room near elevator&quot; was not taken care of. Had to switch to another room because of that, and because &quot;standard&quot; room is very small. However, the upgrade was not free even though the hotel was partially full due to the holiday. So, $169 room became $199 suite.The &quot;suite facing Amsterdam&quot; was a good size, but looked at another building's wall, which was on Amsterdam. Bathroom was NY small, but clean and fairly new. Room decor was doudy looking. Bed was not that comfortable. Heating was wall unit with two speeds, both loud.Restaurant attached to the hotel, although not associated with it, had a good bar and a decent breakfast, but the service was slow and arrogant. But there were a lot of very good places nearby, so we did not suffer.	
Dec 20 2004	Great bargain!	The Lucerne is very clean and safe - in a beautiful neighborhood. I was only one block from Amsterdam and one block from the #1/9 train! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful - I was treated much better than I expected for this rate. I'll definitely stay there again.	
Nov 15 2004	Excellent Hotel Great Area	Just got back from NYC yesterday. Stayed at the Lucerne it was a lovely Hotel with great staff. Very clean and in a lovely area. Its much nicer to stay out where the New Yorkers live and shop. There are great shops and cafes around and its a quick train ride into the middle of things. A few days we even walked in which was very nice. The staff at the hotel are so nice and its very very clean. When we go back to NYC which I hope will be not too far away, we will stay there again!!!!	
Nov 3 2004	We loved the Lucerne	We booked a queen size suite at the Lucerne. It was wonderful having the extra room--especially in New York City. It is on the upper West Side and there are many restaurants and bars in the area. It's also close to the Museum of Natural History. Central Park is only a couple of blocks away. We found the staff to be very helpful and quick to attend to our needs. There is a subway stop within a few feet of the hotel. It's about a 10 minute ride to Times Square. The rooms were clean and quiet. We would definitely stay there again!Our rate was $250.00 per night.	
Oct 29 2004	Good location; good value	We stayed in The Lucerne for 6 nights. It is a good value, well appointed hotel, near Central Park and museums. The building is clear and well looked after. Staff are friendly and helpful. My only criticism was the room size. With 2 beds, there wasn't a lot of space to move around. There are plenty of moderately-priced eating places in the vacinity. Our favourite was Sarabeths Restaurant round the corner in Amsterdam Avenue. It serves great breakfasts and lunches. The most disappointing was the famous Barney Greengrass' [The Sturgeon King] also in Amsterdam Avenue. The food was ok, but the place was filthy - something I found surprising in New York. I would definitely stay in the Lucerne again.	
Oct 25 2004	Good value for your money; good for families	Nice hotel, good neighborhood, good value for your money. Stayed there with my family (two girls); room was not big but fine; very clean; good beds and pillows; friendly staff	
Oct 21 2004	Good Location/Good Value/Good Time	A recent five-night stay at the Lucerene was great. The king suite was spacious, clean, and well appointed. The reception staff, bellmen, and housekeeping were very helpful. Requests for extras from the maid were always provided. The heating and air conditioning functioned well; this was good as the weather was variable. The sofa bed was the best I've ever experienced. The king size bed was very comfortable. The building and rooms are very well soundproofed. The neighborhood is the best for shopping, restaurants, access to subway, etc. You can spend an entire week in the area and not run out of things to do. Previous posts have complained about street noise---however this is the city and any noise was not unexpected. After midnight is was very quiet. Only &quot;complaint&quot; has to do with high speed internet access. It's only available on floors 8-12. That's not posted on the hotel web site, so be sure to ask and request. Staff was willing to move our room if there had been a vacancy. All-in-all, The Lucerene is an Upper West Side gem.	
Sep 27 2004	Grandma 	Grandma &amp; I just returned from our stay in NYC. We stayed 3 nights at the Hotel Lucerne, and were really pleased. The rooms were spacious and clean. The staff was extremely nice and helpful. The location is a quieter area than midtown, and is convenient to the subway and bus terminals as well as good restaurants. I recommend it to anyone to stay there.	
Sep 21 2004 	Nice Hotel in excellent location	I was in NYC on business during the week of September 13th. I chose the Lucerne because of its excellent location. I used to live on the upper west side and always enjoyed the neighborhood. It's a refreshing change of pace from hectic and loud Times Square and the blandness of MidTown. The hotel was kept up very well. The accommodations were comfortable and very clean. It was not luxurious, but I had no complaints. My room (a King Deluxe) was very quiet and a good size for Manhattan. The hotel is located one block from the 1-9 subway line which runs along the West side of Manhattan. For those interested in visiting Times Square, it's a 10 minute ride away. Best of all is the convenience to the nice neighborhood bars and restaurants which offer terrific food at very reasonable prices ---- something you won't find in Midtown or Times Square. Buy a Zagat's guide -- it's worth the investment!	
Sep 21 2004	First Choice	Fun family visits often take me to the Upper West Side. The last visit was a mother-daughter-granddaughter weekend, and we booked a suite at the Lucerne. There was ample room for my daughter to call a chum from school to come in for a sleepover, and the girls loved the fluffy robes. How can anyone quibble with the location? Turn left and go a block and have brunch at Sarabeth's. Turn right and go a block and bring some of Zabar's back to snack on. Grandmother was amazed that we were amazed that the hallways were so clean and light and the suite so accommodating, but as the saying goes, we've seen London, we've seen France. The Metro stop is so close you can forget about walking off any of those Sarabeth calories, but the park and museum are so close that maybe there's hope after all. We didn't have much need of the staff services but they certainly seemed friendly, helpful and gracious.	
Sep 17 2004	Nice clean friendly hotel	... in a great location. I stayed here on business, August 17-18. I got a good rate through an internet site. The reception staff was helpful and inviting. The room was small, but I wasn't there to party, so it worked out well. It was very comfortable and quiet. Internet access was not user friendly, but in raising a complaint with the staff, the charge was removed from my bill. The neighborhood offers a number of good restaurants and bars, walking distance to the museum of natural history and central park.	
Sep 7 2004	Nice Hotel in Quiet Upper West Side	We stayed here 9-2-04 thru 9-6-04. I chose to stay here based on first, a great price I got from Hotel.com and then secondly, from the reviews I read here. This is a nice hotel, and a very beautiful exterior. It is in a very upscale, residential part of the Upper West Side of Manhattan. It is one block east of Broadway on 79th St. It is within walking distance to the Museum of Natural History, which my kids loved. The subway is one block away. We used the subway everywhere we went. (You can get a metro card for $7 day for unlimited rides.) The kids loved it. Depending on where you're going it can get confusing if you aren't farmiliar with the NY subway. But, much quicker and cheaper than a taxi. I expected a little bit nicer rooms based on the photos. The rooms reminded me of a Holiday Inn. Nothing special. We had two double beds, a desk and an armoire with the TV inside. Not much space to unpack your clothes for a family of 4. The bathroom was sufficient. It did have granite countertops, and tiled floor and walls. But, again I was not impressed. It was clean and the maid service was good. The only thing negative I can say was on our day to checkout the maid knocked and knocked and then tried to come in our room at 8:00am. Fortunately, we had the top latch locked. A little annoying.They give you a door hanger to pick the USA today or the NY Times. Nice touch. Also, there was an umbrella in the closet, but we didn't need it. We had great weather. We were greeted by a very friendly bellman who assisted us to our room and gave some excellent restaurant suggestions for dinner. Speaking of restaurants, we never ate at a bad one. There are dozens with walking distance of the hotel. Not to mention the great Zaggots rated Ice cream shop across the street. I had the Key Lime, with graham cracker chunks... it was amazing, but it was also $5 for one scoop. The concierge was the most impressive part of the hotel. He was always available in the lobby or by phone. He made numerous restaurant recommendations, subway suggestions, etc. For example; The US Open was sold out for the day we wanted to attend but he quickly found out information about a screening being held at Rockefeller center on a 40 foot screen with stadium seating and tennis courts with free kid activities. It was even better than going to the ArthurAshe Staduim and fighting the crowds and long subway rides out to Queens. He was a crutial part of our trip and very knowledgable.We loved New York! However, when we go back we plan to stay in Time Square, just to be closer to everything. (We spent a lot of time riding the subway to and from Time Square). The hotel was nice enough that I can't say anything bad. But, I would much rather be closer to the points of interest. But, that's just my personal opinion. If you want a nice hotel in a quiet part of town with lots of nice restaurants with patio seating, you'll enjoy The Lucerne. If you're looking for more bright lights, people watching and being in the middle of the madness, you will be bored here.	
Aug 27 2004	great hotel in excellent location	I chose the Lucerne for a family vacation to NY on the basis of guide book inclusions and tripadvisor comments. I can't say I was at all disappointed as the Lucerne lived up to my expectations. The Queen-Queen suite we were in was very clean and the furniture was of a high standard. The bathroom was nice and had an extremely powerful shower. However one slight criticism was that the water from the shower didn't drain off very well although this didn't annoy me that much.The staff at the hotel were efficient and courteous which of course is what one would always expect. What really set the Lucerne apart was the location:one block away from the subway and several good restaurants right on the doorstep. We had breakfast in Nicematin which is on the groundfloor on two of our three mornings,although there are other options including restaurants and a couple of delis.All in all a clean hotel in the upper west side which I would definitely recommend.	
Aug 13 2004	Great Value	We stayed at the Lucerne for only one night in August ( our honeymoon night ), and chose this hotel based on other positive reviews. Being from the NY metro area we have stayed at other NYC hotels. Consequently, we think we know a good deal when we see one. This is a solid 3 star!! Aside from a great location, we found the room to be impeccably clean and the staff friendly and attentive. We were even upgraded to a junior suite at no additional charge. The Lucerne is a short walk to Central Park and is located in one of the best residential locations in Manhattan with a tremendous selection of reasonably priced restaurants. The Metropolitan Museum of Art is a block away as is the 7th Ave. subway. I would definately recommend this hotel to those new to NYC as well as NY suburbanites looking for a night or two in the city.	
Aug 7 2004	Loved the Lucerne	The Lucerne is a wonderful hotel! After staying for 10 nights, I was really impressed with everything about the hotel. The lobby is lovely, the staff are very friendly and helpful, and the rooms have comfortable beds, a clean bathroom, TV, phone, and a coffee maker.The cleaner was very sweet, and did a great job of cleaning the room each day. With fresh linen, towels, and toiletries, replaced every day. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Lucerne and would happily stay again. The upper west side is a great area - just around the corner from Broadway. There are plenty of restaurants and museums to keep you happy!	
Aug 3 2004	Not as impressed as the others	True, the location is wonderful. Nothing beats the upper west side for a multitude of restaurants, charming tree lined streets a short walk away from museums and subways, lots of New York locals and young families. The exterior of the hotel is remarkable. But my room was a little disappointing. After reading all of the other reviews on this site I guess I was expecting more for $180. It was small, somewhat dated and could have used some new carpeting and bed spread. And the double beds were indeed doubles, not queens. The shower, however was great. I couldn't help comparing the room to a 2 queen suite with huge marble bathroom I had stayed at a month previous for $170. That hotel also included a nice continental breakfast every morning. The room had view of the Empire state building, was quiet and included a USA Today every morning. I was impressed with the Sunday New York Times the Lucerne provided, but the next morning there was no NYTimes at all. When I asked the front desk about why no paper, instead of saying they would bring me one immediately, they said probably someone else had swiped it from my door!	
Aug 3 2004	The Lucerne fantastic position	Just returned from New York, staying at the Lucerne, West 79th between Amsterdam &amp; Broadway - great position, well appointed with good facilities. Customer service mediocre, but would recommend the hotel highly.	
Jul 28 2004	Lucerne Hotel	The Lucern was a nice hotel. Furnishings were average, and not elegant. However I agree with the other reviews-the staff was always helpful, friendly and willing to advise. The rooms were clean and the location of the hotel can't be beat. Two blocks to the Natural History Museum, 10 minute walk to Metropolitan Museum of Art, short walks to 2 subway lines. I'd definitely go here again.	
Jul 26 2004	Don't hesitate reserve now!!	Wow what a great hotel! Stayed at the Lucerne from 7/20-7/24. Hotel is in great shape! The only thing better than the hotel are the employees, very helpful and polite. Subway is only a block away, you can be in Times Square, Chinatown, or lower Manhattan within minutes for only $2/per person.Or if you prefer a cab, there always seemed to be one waiting at the front door, cab ride into Times Square is typically $8.Plenty of restaurants/diners and bagel stores within a block of the hotel to get you going in the morning. Great quiet neighborhoodWe were on the third floor facing 79th street and noise was never an issue.Next visit to NYC will include The Lucerne.	
Jul 12 2004	Excellent	The first time I stayed in the Lucerne was September 2000 when I was on my first ever trip alone (without my parents or school friends), and my first time in New York City. When I finally arrived at the hotel, after the airline transfered my luggage from the airport and forgot me, I was very pleased with my choice. The staff were very friendly and helpful throughout my visit. The room was very clean and had all the facilaties required, although a little small. The hotel has not got a restaurant as such however there are many good quality restaurants surrounding the hotel (straight opposite the front door is a great Italian place who do the best pizza's in the whole world, plus other fantastic dishes).The second time I went to the Lucerne in 2003 was when I took my girlfriend to NY to ask her to marry me and the hotel did me proud and she too was impressed - although our room was not quite as nice as the first time, I think they need to modernise them a little.	
Jul 12 2004	Great stay at the Lucerne	Spent 3 nights at the Lucerne. Was teriffic. Great location, near Lincoln Center, Central Park, museums, subway. Was the quietest Manhattan hotel I have every stayed in. Staff was very courteous, friendly, helpful. Teriffic ice cream shop across the street as well as breakfast &amp; lunch store, Columbus Bakery, 4 blocks away. Had exceptionally good meals at Oeust on 84th &amp; Amsterdam &amp; Saigon Cafe on 90th &amp; Amsterdam. Enjoyed complimentary NY Times daily. Will definitely return for next trip to NY.	
Jul 11 2004	Loved the Lucerne	I stayed here last night with my 2 children ages 6 and 8. We got there a couple hours earlier than their check in time. I wasn't expecting to be able to check in, just to store my overnight bag. The man in registration said that if I didn't mind waiting about 15 minutes that there would be a nice room available. We only waited about 10 minutes and was told that we were upgraded to a suite. Everyone that we encountered at the hotel was wonderful. I have stayed in many NY hotels (usually in Midtown East) and this was by far the best and a great value too! The neighborhood is lovely and there are many great shops and places to eat. We especially liked Sarabeth's-they we so nice to the kids. The musueum of natural history is only a block away, and so is central park. I chose this hotel based solely on others opinion on the site. I would stay here again and again.	
Jul 1 2004	Great recommendation!	Started our two week holiday to the USA in New York. Stayed at The Lucerne on the strength of recommendations on this site. Not at all disappointed. We had a King room situated at the back of the Hotel. No view, other than of a bird's nest, but it was very quiet. Let's face it you don't visit New York to stay in the Hotel room!! The room was very comfortable and very well equipped. We breakfasted at Nice-Matin next door taking advantage of the 25% disvount vouchers given to us on checking in, enough for each morning of our stay. It was easy to get to wherever we wanted using the nearby subway station. Close to Central Park which was nice for a gentle stroll on a couple of occassions during our stay. Excellent and good value for money.	
Jun 26 2004	Excellent Hotel for an Upper West Side Stay	Stayed at the Lucerne for two weeks in June 04. Very good hotel in an beautiful area of New York. Clean, comfortable and excellent service. The Nice Matin adjacent is an outstanding place for dinner. Only a couple of blocks from Central Park and a $5 cab ride to the Theater District. Great boutique, drugstore, grocery store, and discount (Filene's Basement), laundry and liqour stores within 3 blocks. The suites are a good value for the price.	
Jun 10 2004	Excellent New York Hotel!	This is an updated hotel with nicely decorated rooms. Our room was spacious and well lit with a nice size bathroom. The room was advertised as having two &quot;double beds&quot;. Double beds at the Lucerne are all queensize. The upper west side neighborhood is filled with restaurants and shops. Filene's Bargain Basement is close by. The staff is very helpful. Really enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back again.	
May 31 2004	Pleasant stay at the Lucerne	Based on recommendations here, we reserved a room at the Lucerne. Great location, and very, very nice. A few weeks ago we stayed at the Excelsior, same neighborhood. Not bad, but unfriendly, less than helpful staff. Staff here are lovely, friendly, helpful. Our first room was right across from the frequently dinging elevator, and when we requested a room change, they gave it to use immediately -- higher floor, very quiet, even a view of a tiny slice of the river (room 824 -- recommended!). BTW, we booked through QuikBook (also has an 800 number). We noticed some reviewers complained that the rooms were small; Quikbook offered a junior suite for $190 (plus tax = $206), and they upgraded us to a larger suite. Not huge, but decent size for NYC, 2 queens, separate “sitting room,” with a minifridge, microwave, and coffeemaker. They offer a discount for breakfast next door, but I recommend walking a block to Zabar’s (good coffee).(Note: Not 5 starts, because I reserve that for the fancier places, if they live up to the hype.) Would definitely stay here again.	
May 18 2004 	First time NYC visitor impressed with Lucerne	We stayed at the Lucerne based first on these reviews and second on price &amp; availability. I'm so glad others we looked at around Times Square were booked April 21-26 because we might have not stayed here otherwise. The room was great and the location very convenient. While you might think that staying a distance from Times Square is inconvenient, nothing could be further from the truth. Everything you could possibly need is within a few blocks, and the 79th St. subway stop is literally a 2 minute walk. The staff was always courtious and helpful. We didn't try the house restaurant NiceMatin but did eat at the little Italian place across the street - excellent! All in all a great hotel experience. If only those New Yorkers would stop honking their horns everytime they get below 10 mph!	
May 16 2004	A Gem In The NYC	Stayed at The Lcerne May 11-14, 2004. The hotel is classy, clean, with easy access to subways, taxis, Central Park etc. I have not lived in New York for 27 years, so I was very picky going back to stay. This hotel was a great value with great quality. All of the employees at The Lucerne and the connected restaurant NiceMatin were courteous, provided wonderful service and were readily available. The showers and water pressure were so refreshing. The neighborhood is safe and easy to walk around. Lots of neighborhood stores and restaurants, there evena nail place, cleaners andlaundry on the block. The beds were very comfortable and the linen and blankets very nice. The chairs in the room were unigue and comfortable. The lobby has marble floors as does the bathroom floors. This is a class act and after reading reviews for 2 weeks, I though I should write one for the next visitor. Yes, I would stay there agan and suggest The Lucerne to others.	
May 11 2004	Will definitely go back!	We stayed at The Lucerne from April 22-26. The service was exceptional and our room, a suite that we didn't request, was very nice and roomy by most standards. The staff went above-and-beyond to fix any issues and help us with tickets, directions, etc.The location is fabulous - a few steps from the subway, a few blocks from the park, and an easy walk to wonderful restaurants and stores.I will definitely go back.	
May 3 2004	We loved the Lucerne	We stayed at your hotel last week, we absolutely loved it, the rooms were immaculate, they were made up perfectly every day - the hotel is so central to everything - you can get a cab right out front, or you can walk down the street and take the subway - we stayed 3 nights, you were so accomodating, and the hotel is very kid-friendly, we cannot wait to come back!	
Apr 30 2004	We loved this place!	Our family really loved this place. It was so close to Central Park and all the museums that my kids, ages 9 and 11 wanted to see. We ate breakfast at Zabar's just around the corner every morning and walked to the Natural History Museum and Children's Museum, and the Art Museum. We walked from the hotel to Central Park in only a few minutes. The concierge was so helpful in finding ticket information for us.	
Apr 13 2004	Everything I had hoped for	We just spent Spring break in New York City and wanted a lovely hotel in a nice neighborhood. The Lucern was the perfect place for us! Close to everything, including the subway, Times Square and the major museums, it has charm and a wonderful staff. The room was large, even by Atlanta standards, well appointed, and had lots of light. The staff was the nicest I've ever encountered in New York, or else where for that matter. Would return and would recommend to anyone!	
Apr 2 2004	Wonderful Find.	Great rates. A wonderful refurbished older building in a New York neighborhood filled with cafes and great shopping. Near Central Park West, Natural History Museum and convenient subway.Lovely fresh rooms, wonderful service and a staff that knocks themselves out for you. And the rates are great.	
Mar 5 2004	Nice elegant hotel	This is a classy mid-sized hotel in a covenient Upper West Side location. Buses and subway stops are very close by, as are many nice restaurants. The large drugstore across the street is a big plus for picking up things forgotten at home and some food items. The staff is very helpful.	
Feb 17 2004	Beware of the Permanent Residents	My husband, my toddler and I had our first ever trip to New York shortly before Christmas. At first blush, we thought the room was passable... certainly not luxurious, but we had a good rate and were satisfied. We put our toddler down for the evening at 8:30. The next thing we knew, the folks in the room beside us started making a lot of noise, screaming, slamming doors, etc. I could faintly hear a child in the background. We called the front desk but the noise continued. I thought I'd go the door and appeal to the people as parents to please hold the noise down. I rapped on the door and a male came to the door, shouting obscenities and threatening my life. I retreated to my room and called the front desk. They apologized. It seemed that they had put us beside one of the Lucerne's &quot;permanent residents&quot; - people that had lived in the building before it became a hotel. Those residents cannot be evicted so they make a habit out of driving the guests away who happen to be booked in adjoining rooms. We were upgraded to a larger room with a better view but it was a very negative experience and an awful introduction to NYC! We advise that potential Lucerne guests inquire as to whether their room is adjacent to the beligerent permanent residents.	
Feb 11 2004	What an incredible experience!	Welcome to New York City! Arguably the worlds most vibrant &amp; sprawling metropolis, I've traveled a lot and was really pleased with the service at this hotel. My husband says he'd go back in a heart beat &amp; he's hard to please. The location is great! Tourists pack the streets, theaters, restaurants &amp; bars. Whether By Foot, Cab Or Subway, All Of Manhattan Is Only Minutes Away From This Hotel, What an incredible experience!	
Jan 4 2004	The Lucerne is a nice find!	Stayed here with wife + 2 daughters for six nights over New Year's (double-double room - cozy but adequate). The Lucerne met all our needs nicely. It was very clean and well-maintained, and the staff always helpful &amp; pleasant. The crosstown bus is across the street and the 1/9 subway down the block at Broadway, 15 minutes to Times Square door to door. Room had TV, coffee maker, hairdryer. A 24-hour drugstore across the street took care of emergency needs (like batteries, band-aids). Note that the continental breakfast mentioned in other reviews is no longer offered, apparently that was only while their restaurant was being renovated. But for simple &amp; cheap breakfast there's a bagel shop on the opposite corner.	
Dec 26 2003	Superb service at the Lucerne	The Lucerne was an excellent hotel for its price. The Suite we had was very clean, well-appointed, comfortable. All staff from front desk to housekeeping were so nice that we couldn't quite believe we were in NY, especially compared to the service we have received from employees at other Manhattan hotels. They accommodated any requests we had, and made the stay very enjoyable. No complaints at all!	
Nov 10 2003	Lucerne Hotel met all expectations	I recently came to NYC to run the NCY Marathon. After last year's experience with having a teeny tiny room in Times Square, I did an extensive amount of on-line research as to where to stay. Reviews from past guests of the Lucerne were very positive, so booked a weeks stay. All my expectations were more than met. Cleanliness is very important to me, Lucerne was &quot;squeeky&quot; clean. Room quite, roomy, loved being in the upper West Side neighborhood. Staff friendly and very helpfull arranging taxi's and airport service. On a return to NYC, Lucerne will get my business.	
Nov 10 2003	Very good service	We've stayed in two other NYC hotels of this type (the Beacon, the Excelsior) and this was the best. It's possible the reason is that we had a large room (a queen suite) -- I see that other respondents who complained about the hotel did not -- but what I found outstanding was the service. Front desk people, doormen and bellmen were all very helpful. At the two other hotels, I was not always able to find help when dropping off luggage before parking; at the Lucerne, it was never a problem (and the drop-off space always seemed to be open, even though the hotel was full). The other hotels also did not have a full-time concierge, while the Lucerne does. Gunter made us reservations for dinner at a new restaurant across the street that was excellent. Location is great as well.	
Nov 1 2003	boutique hotel synonomous with "cheap" hotel	I didn't know that the description &quot;boutique&quot; meant absolutely no frills. I will admit the location is very good especially if you want to be near Central Park; it's a nice area and the rooms are exceptionally clean.Everything else is downhill. The room is like a closet; the hallways are very stuffy; there is no gift shop for toiletries; no in-room coffee (you have to go to a toni restaurant next door for a cup of coffee or tea) unless you want to spend $10.Consider that for the same $250/night you could be in a Hawaii Resort with all meals and amenities included with the warm Pacifc as your view.Staff was fine and polite.	
Oct 19 2003	good value for NYC but nothing to rave about	Having read some of the over-rated reviewer's comments I can only imagine they've stayed in dumps or chain hotels. For NY this is definitely good value, and the location is great for upper west side off Broadway (walking distance to Zabar's, Starbucks, great hotels on Amsterdam Ave. etc) good access to subway (straight shot downtown on the 1) and cross-town bus. BUT, as far as staying in a room with charm or any level of luxe whatsoever, this is not the place. Yes the staff are pleasant and helpful, but I felt the interior rooms were small, drab, somber and dreary. I had to request a mini-fridge to be brought up since there was none. I saw a corner room which let in lots of light so was bright and cheery, much larger than the regular interior queen rooms. If it were anywhere else than NYC this would classify as chain hotel standards, nothing to rave about.	
Aug 16 2003	Amazing Hotel Amazing Staff	We've stayed in many hotels in New York, but this is by far the best!Our room was a standard queen room at the normal rate and despite what was claimed by another reviewer are a great size. With table and chairs, big bed, tv cabinet with drawers and closet for clothes. The bathrooms are clean and a good size. My parents room was even bigger, as it was on the end of the hotel. Compared to other hotels such as the Empire (which had rooms with a bed and nothing else) there is no way this rooms can be classed as small!But what made the stay the best is the staff. Gunther the concierge got in touch with us before our stay by email and made every effort to make this stay one of a lifetime. My parents came with us and my mum and I are disabled, and the staff did everything they could to help. Gunther even got a bottle of wine specially from California from the Winery itself - it wasn't available in the shops!The room service was great! The portions for us Englanders was amazing and we ended up sharing a meal between us!We will definitely be staying there again. Excellent!	
Aug 13 2003	sleeping in a closet	To get straight to the point it was the smallest room I have ever seen, let alone pay for! My boyfriend and I didn't even have any floor space to place our overnight bag. DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE PRICE!	
Aug 8 2003	Location YES room NO	The reviews and ratings of this hotel seem a little over the top based on my stay there recently. The location is of course very good, but my &quot;suite&quot; was very bare, small, with quite basic furnishings and a view of the windows and walls of the rooms 6 feet across the alley. No mini bar but they do have 24 hr room service, which was ok food. If you expect a reasonably good room in a great location for your money, you will be happy.	
Aug 5 2003	Lucerne - among the best		
Jun 17 2003	as advertised		
Jun 4 2003	Nice pleasant surprise		
May 7 2003	Loved the Lucerne!		
Jan 11 2003	Very nice hotel		
Jan 5 2003	Very Pleasant Hotel		
Oct 6 2002	Nicest hotel in NYC		
Sep 26 2002	Good for the money		
Sep 18 2002	Fine European-style hotel		
Jan 30 2002	Good upper west side hotel		
Sep 25 2009 	Soddisfacente		
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent		
Jul 28 2009 	Absolut empfehlenswert		
Jan 11 2009	???????????		
Jan 10 2009 	Hôtel excellent rapport/qualité prix		
Nov 19 2008 	buon hotel		
Aug 25 2008 	Buen hotel por comparacion		
